user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198106292207,Recommended,272270,32396046,Posted: 13 June,all,eijolend,"TL;DR:An excellent game. Don't get this if you're just looking for tactical combat game. However, if you want a story heavy game or are even tangentially interested in the Numenera setting, definitely check this one out!--Game Mechanics--Let me start this by saying that I bought this game because I'm a big fan of the Numenera Tabletop RPG. I was a bit worried how the system would translate to a computer game and was pleasantly surprised how well it worked out. Some parts were adapted to better fit the new format, but the core features are all there and the game does a good job using the resolution mechanic.The combat system is up to standards, but nothing to write home about. Tactical combat is definitely not the focus of this game.--Story and Setting--I found the main story quite enjoyable, which doesn't really pick up pace until after you finished the first third of the game. It explores some interesting concepts and even though it is a bit heavy handed at times, I found the end very intriguing. However, I feel the game is at least as much - if not more so - about painting a picture of this weird setting. While most of the sidequests and dialog options are not relevant for the main story, they show you a glimpse of this extraordinary world that you find yourself in. In my opinion, this is the part the game excels at - portraying a colorful and weird, but interesting world.I'm also very happy that the way this game presents the setting fits right in with the rest of the Numenera universe and I would say it is a good starting point for anyone interested in the Ninth World.--Misc--I finished my first playthrough in about 28 hours. I did most side quests, but ignored some that didn't interest me and I'm sure there are a few I simply haven't found. There were multiple points where I still wonder what would have happened if I handled things differently - especially with the stories of the companions I picked. I immediately felt inspired to start another game with a character that has a rather different outlook on life and a different choice of party members."
76561198114807114,Not Recommended,272270,31187803,Posted: 16 April,all,Mat,"I don't do speed runs, I don't ignore side quests yet the first run through took only thirteen hours to complete this game. (I have no wish for a 2nd run through)  I'd like to say this was down to my brilliant RPG skills cutting through the Gordian Knot but given it took me 23 hours to complete Tyranny (not known for it's length); no, this game is short and I'm feeling short changed.I'd make some combat about how weak the combat system was, but I really didn't see enough of it to be qualified to comment.  I think I had a grand total of 5 fights (or crisis) all game, what little I saw did not impress me.  In most RPG's you see more fights before getting out of the tutorial.  All that really sticks in my mind was how slow it was, if there was an option to speed up the enemy animation I didn't find it, those few fights I did have really dragged.Without combat, what was there?  Puzzles?  What was there was so simple I'm not sure they were meant to be a puzzle or not.  The game was mostly running back and forth, clicking on NPC's and ploughing through the turgid dialogue.  I think the writers used every word in the dictionary except brevity, very little of it was useful to completing the plot.  At no point did I need to engage my brain in this game.  Humour?  Nope.  I got more laughs from watching Clockwork Orange.The real killer though wasn't it only took 13 hours to complete.  No, the clincher is; at no point in those 13 hours do I remember enjoying the game."
76561197996685344,Recommended,272270,25429618,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,kriton,"As a 33 year old lawyer I consider myself somewhat of a ""stealth gamer"". It took my girlfriend 9 months to find out that I like video games... Due to a busy work schedule my Steam time is somewhat limited so I normally don't squander it writing reviews. But for this game I will make an exception.I was not familiar with the Numenera universe before playing the early access version of this game. (I still don't feel ""familiar"" after completing the early access version.) I consider myself a diehard planescape fan and couldn't suppress the feeling that the developers simply couldn't afford or wouldn't dish out the necessary funds to use the the planescape universe and make a ""real successor"" to Plancescape Torment.Boy, was I wrong!After playing this for 22.5 hours it went from my ""I'll look into it"" pile to my ""dear god, no more delays"" pile.The writing is simply stellar. The characters have incredible depth. The themes are mature and compelling. The developers have avoided the infamous genre pitfalls and clichés (""avenge loved ones, rescue princess, save the world""). Tides of Numenara is without a doubt the most original rpg I have ever played.I hope that the decision to make the game available across many different platforms will make it more available to audiences, who have avoided the rpg genre due to the above-mentioned clichés. In my view, this title shows that great art comes in many forms - even in the form of a video game.If you truly enjoyed Planescape Torment this is for you."
,Not Recommended,272270,30446586,Posted: 11 March,all,existential_vacuum,"Planescape: Torment, arguably the best RPG ever made. The game with cult following and, when it comes to story, nearly no contenders out there.A new challenger appears -Torment: Tides of Numenera, the game from the people behind PS:T. Will it prove that the heights of PS:T can be reached, that people still can make games with unique setting and strong personal story? Will it be a spiritual successor to highly aclaimed RPG?Plot twist, it won't and here is why (in the form of the glorious WALL OF TEXT).Spoiler-free tl:dr version at the end.WritingWhat can change the writing of the game?Main PlotThe main plot revolves around The Last Castoff or better to say it doesn't. It revolves around the Resonance Chamber, a macguffin to fix it all, stop the menacing Sorrow and save all the Castoffs. The premise drops to much information (in the form of walls of text upon walls of text) and the game for the next 5-10 hours has nothing to add to the plot, aside from go there he/she knows. Everything from there on adds to the exposition of the weird things in the world. World building is important, yes, but it is essential to establish rules of the world and in T:ToN there are none. Psyonics. Timetravel. Constructs. Nanomachines. All of it is just there for the sake of being and all of it is presented , you can guess, through walls of text.After 10 hours of reading I asked myself, what was it I was supposed to do? The game presents no urgency, there is no menace. It contradicts what it tells you in the beginning. Then, there is a plot twist, which should have shifted the focus from Resonance Chamber and feel the urgency to act fast, but it doesn't. It is simply presented and the player suddenly has to care about it. And after 10 more hours there is another plot twist and more exposition as to provide the motivation of the villain (finally).The ending is presented in a style of Mass Effect 3: you did a lot of stuff throughout the game but it doesn't matter, choose an option. And it ends.CompanionsPS:T had a wide range of non-typical companions with unique personalities and ties to the protagonist in one way or another. A talking skull, tiefling, githzerai, a piece of armor and it is without saying anything about their personalities. Just the appearance.T:ToN has humans. All of them. And that tells you something from the very beginning. Their stories are bland, their unique quests are just ""carry me around and at a certain point I'll tell you something"" and that's basicaly it. Their arcs (if you can call their stories that) end abruptly and give no satisfaction.Writing itselfThe game has been advertised having word count higher than the Bible and that's not an exageration. Word count is too damn high. Everything in T:ToN drops a wall of text upon the player, for right and wrong reasons. The game lacks editors hand, who would have cut half of the text.Such word count would be okay if it delivered something superb, unique and interesting. Instead, it spills nonsense and amateurish purple prose.It does get better by the second half of the game, because the amount of text is significantly reduced, but by that time, you will be tired of it all.GameplayI may be bested in battle, but I shall never be waiting for 10 minutes for enemy's turn to endSkillchecks or Effort systemIn T:ToN attributes (Might, Speed, Intelegence) are presented in forms of pools. Each pool can be used to increase the chance to succeed in skillcheck (either in combat or dialogue). The player can replenish the pool by resting or using special items.Starts as an interesting mechanic and ends as a easy way to bypass and win at everything. Companion pool in 50% of events can be used in checks, items to replenish pools are everywhere making skillchecks a joke.CombatDevelopers wanted to improve the combat as opposed to PS:T. They failed.The combat is bad as in worse than in 99. Enemy turns take forever (literaly as AI can simply freeze and do nothing forcing to reload). There wouldn't be any problem if combat, as it was stated, was really optional. It is not. There are forced situations, which can be finished without killing anyone, but are nonetheless buggy and force to reload time and time again.Character classesThere are 3 classes and the only one you have to consider is Nano (aka Mage). Why? Because 60% of skillchecks are Intelegence bassed. Going with anything else results in failing checks and combat. And why combat is bad? Check above.ArtdirectionOur progenitor was funny like that. Substance for the next location was always a last minute decision.LocationsLet's go location after location.Sagus Cliffs- a place where everything is an attraction. Here you see a strange looking clock, there you see a strange generator, here a strange fountain with fish-like creatures instead of water, there a soundproof building and a place of diplomacy. It is so obsessed with little things that it fails as a whole.Valley of the Dead Heroes- a place of backer content. Though the most generic location, it has the most interesting quest - Endless Gate (which appears out of nowhere, sadly).Bloom- the only location in the game that feels consistent in what it is. The art is solid and supports the narative.Oasis- nothing to say about it, 'cause it has been cut.Calm- there's not much of it but it looks okay primary because of the fanthoms.Overall, in comparison to Pillars of Eternity, locations feel cheep and lowres.UIIt is atrocious. The inventory has no sorting. Trade screen has no appropriate buttons and has ""it's not a bug but a feature"" feel. Dialogue interface takes a lot of screen space but only 50% of it is text box. CYOA sequences have no proper scaling of elements and thus look like an indie project with low budget.All in all, as one man said, it looks like a Winamp skin.PortraitsJust plain bad. They had great portraits in alpha-beta build and changed them to low effort paint over photo. Moreover, none of the NPCs have portraits, though in alpha they were there.Bonus section. inXile's communication or lack of thereofIt was mentioned time and time again - cut content, which was promised during kickstarter campaign. It isn't the problem something was cut, such is the nature of game development, the problem is it wasn't properly mentioned until the exposure.Right now inXile is somewhat ignorant of the complaints regarding the final product. Technical forum is filled with unanswered threads and I gave up refreshing the page to see if the problems I mentioned are going to be addressed.tl:drProsthe design and pacing of The Bloom hub;multiple quests resolutions (sometimes more than 3);several interesting sidequests.Consbad and buggy combat system;bland companions;weird world for the sake of weirdness with little to no explanation, why and how everything works;mediocre main plot, which goes from ""personal story"" to ""chosen one story"";choices don't matter;abrupt ending akin to Mass Effect 3;atrocious consolidized UI without proper scaling;cut kickstarter strechgoals;VerdictA lot more can be said about each aspect of the game, but there isn't enough space.The game as a spiritual successor toPlanescape: Tormentgets a solid 2 out of 10 for failing to do everything it was destined to do: improve combat, tell a complex personal story, have unique companions and present reactivity, choice and real consequences.PS:T aside, it gets 5 out of 10 for trying to be original but failing to do everything else properly."
,Not Recommended,272270,30248028,Posted: 28 February,all,RafUnforgiven,"Pros:- Mechanics: Game works very well mechanically, including options to interact with terrain is a certain feature I've craved for in isometric RPG's- Story and setting: Story and dialogue are very decent, characters seem memorable and interesting.Cons:- Cut Content: I don't thik I've ever seen a case, more brutal than this one. When the game was in early Alpha, it contained several additional features that are unavaible now at release, some being key to incorporating the true feeling of playing in the Numenera universe. The intro sequence and start was severely reduced and it doesn't seem that that content shows up later on, it's just... gone. 3 out of the 9 promised companions were also cut with the argument they want to focus their efforts on developing a deeper evolution for fewer characters than spreading their efforts out.Now the last and most dissappointing fact that was falsely hyped up (some would say promised) by the developers: only 3 foci... The essence and meat of the tabletop rpg Numenera is the plethora of foci you can choose from at character creation and the amount of starting diversity that offers you. When the alpha/beta started, one could only choose between 3 such foci, each one more or less designated to work with a certain type, so you can get a feel for the game. Back then, there was even a message that popped up as you were choosing, stating there will be more options in the full game.Well those promised additional options never made it in the full game for some reason and what's most annoying about this situation is that these issues were either never adressed or flimsy minor excuses were presented to justify these decisions.The only reason I could think of for all this content being cut/removed, is they want to add it as future DLC... Which 1st of all wouldn't work, because Isometric RPG's with a non-branching story don't go well with character options DLC, since most players will only play the game once. And 2ndly, the developers know they can't add cut content that was actually in the game at some point during the development as DLC, they probably know they'd get eaten alive for such silly and anti-consumer practices.Because of these confusing and silly decisions, I simply can't recommend the game to anyone.TL DR: Game is good, but lots of content was either cut for no logical reason, or never delivered despite being promised. Those cuts really hurt the game and don't give the Descriptor/Type/Focus system justice."
,Not Recommended,272270,30331406,Posted: 4 March,all,seanhogge,"Having now completed what must be about 80% of the story, it seems like my initial concerns were well-founded.In a nutshell, this is a very nice rough draft.Where to begin? Let's start with the choices. Most of the time, they feel inconsequential. Granted, characters die, NPCs can be killed or made friends, but never did I feel like the death of a party member (I lost one person) or letting Qorro live changed anything momentous.Skills and abilities didn't seem to matter much mostly because there are only about a dozen fights through the whole game. The advancement system seems very compelling, and I was excited to progress. But then I never got a chance to use my new talents.Balance seems off, too. Either I found myself overwhelmed with up to a dozen foes with twice my hit points, or I was just talking my way through everything. I like that enemies could be spoken to during a crisis, but that only happened twice, maybe three times. The worst part about being outnumbered wasn't the frustration of difficulty, but how slow and repetetive the battles got. I'm looking at you, corpuscular maws.Plus the game feels short, the pacing is tedious (if well-narrated), the voice acting is confusingly sporadic, crisis instructions were vague at best, and most of the game is the script to a cut scene that budget didn't allow to be rendered.It's got great ideas. It has a fun world and character advancement system. It just doesn't do anything with them that makes any of it exciting. Had I spent $15, I wouldn't complain (or replay). At $45, I have to warn others to wait for a discount or a better option from another developer."
76561198011231411,Recommended,272270,29374074,Posted: 20 January,all,Scoundrelus,"I'm not a professional reviewer or anything but I'm 32 (golden age of gaming) years old and I've played and finished every single CRPG on the planet, some of them multiple times.  This game definitely has the potential to be among the best I've played.  The writing it fantastic but I have to say, what I like the most is how the game mechanics are setup.  Most games like this you would reload if your character fails at doing something or persuading someone, but the way Torment is set up failure can lead to something new and interesting and the best moral choice won't always lead to the best moral outcome.  I love that because it simulates real life decision making.  Nothing is black and white.Post Release Edit:I've just finished the game.  I definitely feel like there's a lot of room for replay because of all the branching choices. I still stand by my original words but I do feel mildly disappointed though I feel it's my fault.  Torment isn't really an CRPG in the traditional sense.  I feel it's more of a point and click adventure game with some combat elements (mind you I was a Jack so I got through many things without combat).  I was very excited to hear that the game was set 1 billion years in the future. I am a fan of all things sci-fi.  I love the bizarre and unknown and some of the concepts in the game (such as the Bloom) were genuinely cool.However the downside is being so far out made it also somewhat unrelateable.  I had a hard time caring for any of my companions. I also believe I've been spoiled by voice acting in RPGs. I don't mind reading at all but I honestly prefer to read what an NPC said rather than a novel-like narration though the skill with which it was written has my respect.One let down was the lack of a world map.  I though perhaps I would get to visit some of these places I heard about in the game but alas they were only lore.  I was disappointed with the overall plot though there were some twists I didn't see coming. I felt like the billion year into the future plot was really interesting but I really wish it was more organized.  I felt like there were a lot of random elements and things that didn't really fit in well together. I also wish I could delve more into the backstories of some of the more interesting elements.  For example, I wanted to know a lot more about the Bloom than what was given.Overall, it's a good game though I believe Planescape Torment was better (though in all fairness I am a fan of that universe).  Perhaps it's just me since this is my first experience with Monte Cook, maybe if more comes out in this universe I'll grow to understand it better."
76561198027117855,Recommended,272270,20781342,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Clint Eastwood,"Where to begin... I am an old school Planescape: Torment fan, and a D&D tabletop player/DM. Let's set a few things straight about this game:1) Best Writing Ever! Amazing story, characters and settings with personalities of their own.2) Uniquely awe-inspiring environments with unforgettable experiences around every corner.3) A massive project filled with love, both from the Devs and the Fans!4) The Spiritual Successor to Planescape: Torment, and I could not be any prouder!5) Just to clarify: This is not D&D, nor is it technically part of the D&D universe... but it's also technically could be, in a way. Afterall, Planescape: Torment took place in Sigil, and that city could take you anywhere in the universe... I wish not to debate meta/universe lines or copyrights, so I will just leave it as that. No it doesn't explicitly have any connection to the previous game, but the feel, wonderful bizarrities and incredible writing feel right at home.Thus far, the game has been amazing. It has the updated graphics and sounds (plus voice acting!) that were needed to drive the series forward. Planescape: Torment is held dear to the hearts of many, and this game shall not disappoint! 12/10 Can't wait for the full release!If only it weren't so late... I want to play FOREVER!P.S. The in game bug-reporting system is great! I need to make a torment account, but I will surely be giving useful information to help squash bugs before release. I have only had one bug at the beginning, one of my guys couldn't move during combat. I hit the space bar or something to skip the turn and it fixed it. Didn't cause a major issue."
,Not Recommended,272270,30327275,Posted: 4 March,all,Sapidianus,"You can't threaten or persuade a common kid into answering your questions. Either you pay him money or leave the dialogue.You can't get into a combat with a group of thugs competing with you for the same bounty, you have a gazzilion of dialogue options but you can't attack them and get into the real combat. Even if you manage to get one of them killed via one of the dialogue options you can't loot his corpse.Often you can't discuss a reward for a quest before you complete it. Even if the quest involves something illegal or risky you can't ask about your payment before you complete it.Often you have to believe when you are being lied too, because most of the time there is no option to claim that whatever obvious ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t a NPCs tells you is a lie.There is a lot of text, yes, but very few choices and ways to roleplay any other type of personality except a common good and nice hero, that helps every person in need them/she/he meets. For a game with focus on dialogues there are too few real options in dialogues besides asking questions."
76561198024270397,Not Recommended,272270,30295347,Posted: 3 March,all,Siollear,"I tried very hard to like this game, since Planescape:Torment was one of my favorite games growing up and I've been waiting 18 years for a new ""Torment"" game. But unfortunately, after about 30 hours, I have come to the conclusion that this is not a worthy successor. The characters are bland, the story is contrived, and some of the voice acting is so bad / irritating that I had to turn the voice-over volume to zero.The combat is a slog with basically no strategic curve, and the maps are hilariously cramped.You can easily tell that this game suffered from major budgetary constraints, technical limitations, and last minute cuts -- and that kind of ruins the immersion for me.This game is basically ""Wasteland 2"" with worse combat, UX, and maps. AND WL2 didnt really do any of those things particularly well to begin with."
,Not Recommended,272270,30278363,Posted: 2 March,all,Ookami,"So as the thumb shows. I don't recommend this and just to point this out. I did not back this on kickstarter and bought this purely on an ""looks like a neat RPG"" motive. I don't know Torment Planescape or have played it. I'm essentially new to this kind of ""world"" or... whatever it is people are comparing this to.So why do I not recommend Tides of Numenera?It's not a simple, short answer. I wish it was. It'd make it easier.Unlike other people who don't recommend this on the basis of ""can't create your character appearance"" I don't really mind it very much, but I will admit whoever drew the male and female 'main character' avatar pictures... should be fired. They're horrible, I've seen better ones in far worse games.It would have been nice if there was a place in-game where you could 'edit' your avatar's appearance (and that horrible picture), but like I said I don't find it too big of a problem. I pester npc's no matter my appearance. This is simply a QoL (Quality of Life) thing that 'would' have been nice to have, but does nothing to impact my opinion on the game as a whole.Now the 1st third of the game is in Sagus Cliffs is great. It's fun, it's interesting. Once you leave Sagus Cliff's to continue the story... it slowly, very slowly but surely gets worse.Adding onto the fact that if you do not have 3 companions with you after leaving Sagus, you're screwed as you'll never get another companion afterward. Why? No idea a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ design decision I figure, and you CAN lose your companions so if you lose them, you don't get a replacement as you'll never return to the first city to grab another one, which in turn makes combat (if you get into it) annoyingly hard.EDIT: Thank to a few people who commented on my review. I've discovered you 'can' swap companions, but somehow in my playthrough I was never able to. Why? Apparently an item that allows you to swap them, was in all likelihood bugged for me and prevented this. Given you can't access the companions in later areas, it seems this bug I had with swapping them should have been dealt with 'before' release given it is particularly critical. (If albeit rare as I seem to be the lucky minority)And combat as it is in-game is like putting your hand in an active garbage disposal. Painful. Combat isn't fun, it isn't ""intuitive"" It's annoying, it's painful... it's tormenting. The game calls battles a ""crisis"" and it is one, for you because you're going to go through your own crisis trying to ""win"" these battles in a horribly made combat mechanic. So if you DO buy the game... avoid combat like you'd avoid getting the plague. You'll save yourself a lot of headaches.The 2nd part of the game (before getting to the end-game city) is strange, and not in the 'oh this is neat' strange. It's a ""What is this?"" kind of strange, with admittedly bits of the first kind. The 2nd part is mostly there so the dev's can say ""Hey, look at these names. They backed us."" Beyond that, it really serves no purpose in the game.The last part of the game is... almost as awesome as the first, but it wears off quickly and it gets replaced with annoyance. The third part of the game feels rushed, like some invisible force is whipping your character to do things right away and while you don't have to (and if you buy the game anyways) you should go slowly. Makes it a bit more enjoyable.But therein lies the problem. The first part of the game will take you 10 hours to get through it. The rest of the game... 8 hours and that is doing ""ALL"" of the side quests as well, exploring the cities, talking to npc's, etc.And it's not even worth replaying the game in a different way. It'll all lead down the same path no matter what. (Yay for youtube)Nothing changes very much beyond how much your companions ""like"" you, and how other npc's might, and it takes a lot to get them to dislike you. (All npc's generally dislike you to start with, so your screwed there either way)The companions, they aren't very... interesting. Actually no, I'm lying. Only 1 companion is interesting, and this is ""AFTER"" they cut 3 other companions to 'expand/flesh out' the six they kept. Apparently they didn't put much effort into five of these companions, so they probably should have just kept the other 3 anyways.The companion who is the most interesting (in my opinion) is Rhin. A girl misplaced in the world that you can save/adopt. Compared to all of the other companions who are interesting for a span of five minutes. Rhin is a companion you'll likely find far more interesting than half the maniacs who want to join you. However, she's a child and thus isn't made for combat which makes her even more interesting in my eyes. Eventually through the course of the game she eventually sees your character as a surrogate parent of sorts and then you'll come to a decision in the end part of the game... that just kicks you in the gut. This choice is: You can have her stay with you or return to her real family as you discover a way to send her home and if you (like me) really really like having her around. It's a painful choice to make.The rest don't have this kind of impact. The rest are screwed up beyond any measure of saving or bothering to learn about.Playing it, it feels like the dev's were doing good in the first part, but then said ""screw it"" and rushed up the rest just to shove it out the proverbial door and if the steam forums show anything.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off almost everyone who have backed the game because of cut content, changed goals, etc.Which even though I didn't back this. I feel it's a horrible move by the dev's given that while they have the choice. They should have brought it up to those who backed the game, the people who PAID them to create this game and paid for the ""cut content"" that isn't in the game. (Especially when people paid the 'stretch goals' for specific content and the dev's just told them it won't be there. (That's downright lying)Sure there are ""creative problems"" and issues they have to be worked through or past but they aren't allowed to make those kind of choices when the people who paid money for specific content are told ""Yeah, you paid for it to be in game but... we feel it's not a good choice to put it in. Sorry.""In business, this causes a business to go OUT of business as the investors abandon it for another business that'll do as it promises.Speaking of cut content... I'd say this decision was a bad move given how short the game is past the first part of the game, but chances are it was ""cut"" so it will be later added as paid dlc.If it doesn't I would be surprised.In the end, with the bad business practices, relatively short gameplay (with it's price as it is at the time of this review), no replayability, downright abusive combat mechanics, I can't recommend this game to anyone until it's priced around $20 (or regional equivelant)I'd give this game a 5 out of 10. It's average, in the end that's all it is. Instead of buying this, go watch a let's play on youtube. You'll find it more enjoyable and if combat happens. At least you won't be the one harmed by it."
76561198037370792,Not Recommended,272270,30246733,Posted: 28 February,all,Infinite,"Ah...First encounter:a) Avoid fight = 25 xpb) Kill everyone = 150xp, plus their items, cash and weapons.Characters that always fight = higher levels, more skills, more cash, more items.Much better rewards = encouraging one path over the other.How do I know when I get to a point in the game where the fight will be inevitable that I haven't screwed myself over by having a gimped character with less levels, abilities, cash and items?Why penalize wits instead of brawn with such an unbalance in rewards? Doesn't that screw the whole idea of choice this game promotes?Someone, please explain."
76561198063432948,Recommended,272270,34402057,Posted: 21 August,all,Moony,Tides of Numenera's strength is also its shortcoming.On the upside you got 20 different ways to solve a quest. On the downside you got 20 total quests in the game. The game is short and I feel that many will just run through it without realising what they missed in the game.As wide as a puddle. As deep as an ocean.
76561198002136110,Not Recommended,272270,31771281,Posted: 15 May,all,liverpooljohnny,"Like a lot of people here, I loved Planescape. The cRPGs - and especially the isometric RPGs new and old - are my favorite genre. I was so excited for this game, and I never would have expected that 6 hours in I would be so bored that I just couldn't go on.Others have written more detailed criticisms, but one I'd like to add: While critics applaud this game ""for its lack of combat"" because its ""refreshing"" and ""different"" what you get is a total lack of action.  I'm all for world building, character building, and exploration. But at some point, all you're doing is talking to one NPCs after another, each of whom have their own weird gimmick. Each one is trying so hard to be memorable and unique, but ultimately they all blend together. This is most likely because that's all there is to do. In my first 4 hours or so I literally encountered one combat situation (outside the tutorial). With nothing to break up the routine of walking and talking, I found myself not wanting to play.So I went back to Pillars of Eternity and started a new playthrough. Torment made me yearn for games that similar, but much better."
76561198051253452,Not Recommended,272270,30548954,Posted: 16 March,all,Eliosia,"I thought it was pretty cool at first. Very interesting and well-written. My only real complaint is that it's so short. I did absolutely every sidequest and stumbled into the ending in just over 30 hours. I was expecting the game (from the descriptions and adverts) to be at least longer than that. No real character development either. I mostly talked my way out of stuff, didn't have a name, couldn't customize my character. I mean, it's not a bad game to just try out, but for 45 dollars, I feel like I didn't get my money's worth. If you can catch it on sale, by all means give it a go, but I can't recommend it at its current price."
76561198026873914,Not Recommended,272270,30356524,Posted: 6 March,all,Ghouleh,"It's not very good.This has been one of the most anticipated Kickstarter games of all time, what with it's prestigious legacy, and it falls short.To be brief and fair, I'll not compare it to it's spiritual predecessor overmuch, and will instead judge it on it's own merits as it's own game.Torment: Tides of Numenera feels like a game that was in the oven for so long that it was held in stasis, while an entire generation of new, great cRPGs (the Divinities, Tyranny, Pillars of Eternity...) came and went. It's been in developement for four years, and yet it still feels like a rough draft that pales in comparison to what other luminaries of the genre accomplished with less.  It's on the short side for a cRPG, but I'll not hold it against Torment: I rather like shorter cRPGs, as Tyranny showed.The biggest problem I have with this game is how rough the interface and controls are. Movement is somewhat floaty and imprecise, interactable objects and characters can be tricky to click on, character icons can overlap and block environmental interactables, there is no fast movement/exploration option, the UI feels slow and clunky to resolve... It lacks polish is most every regard.One of the best ways to explain that lack of polish is in the sound design. There are many effects in the game without any accompanying sound effect, making for a weird feeling of incompleteness. The sound desgin that there -is- is actually quite bad, with many zones being hampered by repetitive, grating, loud and annoying sound effects. Coupled with the lackluster and sporadic voice-acting, after a while I just started playing without sound.Many people have complained that there is very little combat - and they're right. I can't remember participating in much more than a dozen combat encounters overall, but I won't chalk that up as a negative. One of the few innovations Torment brings to the table is the introduction of the Crisis System, a sort of turn-based gameplay that is mostly used for combat, but also for some interesting non-combat interactions, even in the -midst- of combat. Through the Crisis Sistem, you can interact with objects and other people even while in combat, which makes for an interesting, if not very refined experience.I had no problems at all with the very low number of combats throughout the game, especially because combat itself is not very enjoyable, what with that cardinal sin of 3D RPGs - slow and clunky animations.Torment utilizes Monte Cook's Numenera System and scenario. This is an entirely subjective point on my part, but I have never enjoyed Numenera, and this game has not changed my opinion. The mechanics of it are quite weird, and they exacerbate the particular mania of many a player.Specifically, especially in the lower levels (or 'Tiers'), you have to burn your attribute points in order to increase your chance to succeed at any particular task. Early on in game, you fail at most everything, missing all your attacks (I had a pitiable performance in the very first combat encounter in the game whereupon I missed all of my attacks for so many turns that combat ended, the boss literally taking pity on me and leaving) and must trade even your slightest chances to succeed later to have an ever slighter chance to succeed now. This curves rather awkardly - later on in the game once you've stacked enough Stats Pools and Edge, you steamroll through any and every test and check. There is not happy middle ground. In the end, it's pointless, because you can just savescum to succeed in most every check - and I'd argue that this system encourages you to.In addition, there are Cyphers, which are items that produce powerful, reliable effects - but are consumable, each Cypher having only one use, with very few exceptions.Having to burn your own Stat Pools to have a bigger chance to succeed, and almost all your powerful attacks being one-offs, feeds into that particular gamer paranoia of not wanting to use up your limited items or resources for the fear of needing them later. I know I'm not alone in this, and I finished the game whilst hardly using any Cyphers at all or burning Stat Pools beyond my Edge.Finally, there's the Numenera world itself - the Ninth World to be exact. It's a literal mishmash of random sci-fi and fantasy elements from dozens of different sources, what with the debris from different worlds and realities piling up in a giant junkyard reality, with nobody knowing anything about how anything works and just cobbling everything together from alien junk. The aesthetic is all over the place, from wooden shields to pilot jackets to H.R. Geiger walls to future guns. There is no consistent design, everything seems equally plausible, there are no real rules. It's hard to be invested in such a scatterbrained world.The story is- fine. Functional. The companions aren't bad, but they feel like holdovers from the Planescape Torment era. Nowadays we're used to much better written and relatable companions, from Obsidian to Bioware. It's just not good enough for the present age.In short, Torment: Tides of Numenera is a middling cRPG at best, unworthy of your hype, or your money. Avoid it unless on sale."
76561198052392096,Not Recommended,272270,30502978,Posted: 13 March,all,Chicken Attack Master,"Have you ever been offered chocolate cookies but after the first bite found it was raisins? Felt betrayed.""I am one with the tides, the tides is with me..."" - Castoff Chirrut Imwe - Admit it, they look alike.Expected more, but was disappointed.Encountered a great amount of bugs that made it dreadful. Battle mechanics was cheezy and does not pull you in. Some people say its not the main focus but should be more interesting.The story is rich and great but there should be a balance and events to get you back in.One thing I hated the most was the bugs on quests that shows complete but your journal never updates, then it freezes.It is so easy to avoid conflict. Once you have edge up you would never fail a task.Companions were interesting at first but then they get all over the place real quick as you go on and felt forced/rushed.The tides has a few impact on the game, unless you went Silver/Blue.It felt really incomplete. I hope in a year or so they implement all things they promised and more.Then I'll recommend it."
,Not Recommended,272270,30249981,Posted: 28 February,all,OldtimerZA,"EDIT: Review below.I am enjoying this game.BUT I have to give it a negative review because of the scummy business tactics used by inExile.No matter how good this game is , it is most certainly not a 5 year long , $5 million game.Where did the time and money go ? Other projects? Mismanagement?Who can truly say at this point.But the crux of the story is that this is NOT the game detailed and outlined on their kickstarter.(no where near it).It's ok to cut a few stretch goals to finish in the proposed time.But cutting down even the core content after years of delay? Inexcusable.EDIT:The Good:-incredibly strange and unique world.-story is alright so far, it's fun and enjoyable to work through.-Side quests and characters are so interconnected that plot threads feed the living world quite well.- Background detail is sufficient.- Background music is good.The Bad:-Combat is a boring slog, it doesn't come up often though which just means 1/3 of the characters skills and uniqueness is pointless in this game.-UI : The game is clearly rushed in terms of UI/UX polish.-AI: Path finding is Bugged as hell. Often lose a character because they get stuck running into other characters and objects.- AI: Combat AI is pointless, never had a fight which is interesting from a tactics point. Considering the few amount of fights in the game I was hoping they would all be very unique.-Settings: For a game built on the Pillars tech, it sure lacks settings and options.- Virtually Silent: this game has no sound bar the one time I heard voice acting , and the very subtle background noises now and then.CONCLUSION:A decent RPG but no where near what the ""Big Name Reviewers"" are promising. But it if you have a hankering for new weird locations to read about and explore.If you are looking for a decent CRPG experience then look at Pillars of Eternity instead.This game lacks a serious amount of polish and design. The story is good and the amount of detail sufficient but the gameplay elements are very lacklustre.If the game was never ""about combat"" then why bother spending your limited time and resources fleshing out a combat mechanic?Game could've been so much more , but threw away too much in pursuit of a ""great story""."
76561198046671600,Not Recommended,272270,30305466,Posted: 3 March,all,gideonscanlon,"Four years after its record-breaking crowdfunding campaign, and more than two years after its planned release date, Torment: Tides of Numenera has arrived. Fans of Planescape: Torment had long looked forward to the game’s release, excited by the opportunity to play an isometric RPG with a focus on thoughtful story-telling, compelling characters set against a bizarre backdrop. Today, those fans are decidedly underwhelmed.Let me be clear, this game is not awful, but it pales in comparison to many of its ‘isometric rpg renaissance’ peers, and comes across more as an awkward imitation of the original Torment than a loving tribute. While the backdrop of the ‘Ninth World’ echoes the oddness of Planescape setting well, the games are otherwise very different.Where the 1999 game’s plot was engaging, surprising and satisfying, Tides of Numenera’s is thin, obvious and quite forgettable. Where the Nameless One kept company with a floating skull, a demoness and a mechanical box-thing, the Last Castoff will journey with people that many orthodontists would find to be a bit dreary.It is not just the game’s writing that leaves much to be desired. The action – rare as it is – is maddeningly slow and repetitive. The character generation system – which initially seems to offer a great deal of choice – has very little impact on the game. Even the vaunted ‘tides’ morality system, which appears to have the potential to add depth to your character’s choices, has little more than a cosmetic impact on the game.Reader, if you are hoping to recapture Planescape: Torment’s unusual approach to adventuring, this game will be a terrible disappointment... but dry those tears. A few month ago, rival game studio Obsidian Entertainment beat InXile to the punch, releasing a bizarre isometric RPG of their own. While Tyranny’s setting is far less similar to Planescape than Tides of Numenera's, it entertains in a very similar way. Characters include a haunted suit of armour and a mind-absorbing maniac named ‘The Voices of Nerat.’Skip this, get that. Don’t let InXile get away with phoning in such a promising idea – especially after the crowdfunding efforts, the two year delay and the big selling job."
76561198065464976,Not Recommended,272270,30286605,Posted: 2 March,all,Ajax,"There have already been some excellent full reviews of the game here on Steam, so I'm just adding in my summary:Pros:- At times very good story writing (I agree with other reviews that TTON plays more like a visual novel than a RPG)- Amazingly interactive world. A breath of fresh air and quite a lot of fun...even though it did seem a bit disjointed at times.Cons:- The combat and character mechanics absolutely killed this game for me. I ran a playthrough with the sole purpose of avoiding ANY combat but at times it is unavoidable. I can't remember the last time I was so upset with fight mechanics in a game from this genre.- Very little replayability. Without a large pool of companions to choose from and the shallow character generation (only 3 foci) I doubt I'll ever re-roll."
76561197987722472,Not Recommended,272270,31069273,Posted: 10 April,all,BL|NK⚡,"You know that weird guy downtown who talks convincingly about things that don't make sense? Well I only made it 14 hours into this game before my party died of boredom but its a whole world full of those guys.  There's a point at which creative and esoteric becomes convoluted and just confusing. Not in an immersive way.  When something weird happens, I die and just come back...no fuss...even less so.This game felt more like a showcase for an obscure setting than anything else.  I'm glad I supported it because I don't want to see the genre die...I just want it to be more fun."
76561198006756264,Not Recommended,272270,30993635,Posted: 7 April,all,Edgewalker,"Loads of text is not the same as good storytelling.Longer description is not a better description.Dialogue overflood with nonsense words is not the same as clever dialogue.Playing this game makes you feel like walking through the museum looking at the exhibits in a glass cases that you cannot interact with and ultimately that you don't care about. Next to each of the exhibits is a plate telling you what awesome thing it is that you can see, but again, you don't care.This game is nothing like Planescape, It's pretentionus, boring, filled with pseudo-philosophic babble. I played it for 4 hours and it felt like 40 hours. Good game should give you the exact opposite feeling."
,Not Recommended,272270,30293964,Posted: 3 March,all,nano.Luo Tianyi,"As someone who have played the original source material (Numenera RPG, the tabletop one) before. This one is hard for me. inXile did put a breath of life to the Ninth World fantastically. The world, the background are weird and odd, but carry the abstractly beautiful aesthetic that is a throwback to the old games like Myst, Oddworld, and The Longest Journey. However, the story, dialogue, and bad adaption of tabletop system kills the fun for me.Story is good, but not really something to write home about. Maybe I did set the bar too high, but it did not leave a strong lasting impression. It will entice you to follow it, but sometime I get bored and just quit the game. Instead of wanting to get to the end on my own, it feels more like a carrot on a stick. Also I do not like most of the companions as a person. That maybe a good or bad thing because I do not know how others do find them. I feel that they are really unlikable, almost Anti-Mary Sue like unlikable. I do not see anything good in them at all. Everyone except for theLost Child who Talks to God, and the Furtive Jack who Murders.One thing I really appreciate about this is inXiles decision to separate the continuity from the source material because lately it has been cancerous lately not so subtly pushing political agenda, but also to let the uninitiated have an easy time understanding this weird little world.Dialogue carries the worst sin in this game. For the denizens of the Ninth World, they sure do speak and behave like typical Hipsters and the Millenials of San Francisco of today. Not all of them, sure. But when I came across one, the magic is shattered and the wonders fade. The other times, it just feel odd. I understand that this is the future world where everything is eerie and weird, but I just cannot seem to relate. Star Trek and other Speculative Fictions also do boast weird alien cultures, but it is done well. Not in this case though.The gameplay. Where should I begin, this will be a long topic. First, how about lack of character customisation though your mileage may vary with this one. Planescape: Torment is an old game, lack of customisation is excusable for the game of that period. I feel this is a missed opportunity, even though 'your appearance is a plot point', so why the so called plot point cannot follow the player customisation. Why the devs do not let players have fun express themselves properly through the 'Role-Playing' game. I seriously do not want to be some guy with bad tan and a bad hairdo.Second, the severe lack of Foci option. You only have 3 foci which is not really much, the source material has about 30 which I believe can be easily translated. Why I cannot be a Jack who WIelds Two Weapon or Wields Power with Precision, or a Nano who Explores Dark Places.Third, the introduction of HP, stunted starting pool, lack of Edge in the beginning. The Cypher system is simple enough to translate to video game format without much difficulty, yet the dev decided to 'adapt it to video game' and the work did screw up the balance and fun of the system. For the uninitiated, the source material has no HP. Any damage you sustain goes into the appropriate pool (mental assault hits Intellect, a hamstring hits Speed, a slash hits Might), if the appropriate pool are depleted then it goes to the next appropriate. If one pool is depleted, you are in big trouble with a penalty to every action. If two pools are depleted, you are near death as in utterly covered bruises and bleeding or something along that line, can take no action and can only crawl. Three gone, you are dead. No need to introduce HP at all. Your starting pool are higher (average out at 9-10), and you begin with appropriate Edge or two of your chosen class so that, say a Nano can use Onslaught with for free without having to run to inn every time he depletes his pool (and put himself in a bad situation). Also you have 6 Tiers and recover your pool through recovery pool, not magical inn rest that cures everything including AIDS.This will be direct questions to the dev:I poked around the inner workings, I just want to ask why? I saw that you were going for a 1-1 translation of the game, so why everything ended up half-baked. Dangers of Kickstarter of having to listen 100 opinions pushing you 100 directions as a designer so you have to compromise to satisfy everyone but in the end let everyone down? Also the 'hand-crafted' combat encounters is too heavy handed, let thing flow, give some space for players to work with please.Everything feels like a giant half-hearted of a letdown in attempt to please everyone. Not every customer wants what they say they want, you are game designer, developers. You should know these situations well where if you let a customer just use you as a tool which is precisely commanded through feedback, then the end result is going to be bad.No more please. Never again.Message to the devs ends hereTo summarise. I would not recommend this. It is fun, charming, lovely, but ultimately a massive letdown and you see a fleeting grand vision of what could have been a magnificent masterpiece, a disappointment you cannot let go like an ex with a tragic breakup."
76561198032171700,Recommended,272270,28266214,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,mrhagel,"Ah, Tides of Numenera.This game has great potential. It -can- become a truly great game. Perhaps one of the all-time greats.But we are not there yet. The game as it stands in December 2016 is a 10-hour buggy mess with a crappy combat system.So how come I recommend it do you say? Well, here's why. It -does- have great potential. The story is engrossing, the world is strange, mystical, and refreshing, the skills and abilities are cool and, for the most part, work really well. The combat system is an exception. It doesn't work well, and doesn't feel slick and dangerous, like combat should.Without going into spoilers I want to say that the main story so far looks really well put together. There are many throwbacks to Planescape: Torment, but this is definitely its own thing.The three-stat system, and how you use stats for skills and conversations all work really well.There's a lot of bugs in the current build, and hopefully by the time you read this review, they have ironed out the worst of them. I expect a lot of this game. I count on inXile to deliver."
76561198039621897,Not Recommended,272270,30626065,Posted: 19 March,all,Piggietoe,"I've tried very hard from day one to love this game and it's wonderful story.  Yet I felt like I was forcing myself to justify paying a steep premium for something I had buyers remorse for and could not return in time. I won't bore you with deep introspective reflection and waxing about the original which I enjoyed. I felt the story was the only part of the game that was polished and the rest was left behind. I need more than just talk and it fell off the radar for me. No offense to the developers or those who love it, I realize this game is somewhat of niche game but it's not for me."
,Not Recommended,272270,34884754,Posted: 11 September,all,Slinky,"I played Planescape back in the day, so I was excited to hear about this game. The game itself is decent. There is a bit more combat than I'd like for a Torment game, but the combat itself is fine, even with a character specialized in persuasion and lore. No, the real issue is that this game is buggy beyond belief (I literally can't finish the game, even though I am at the VERY END of the game), and there is ZERO support for this. InXile just ignores support tickets. I would NOT recommend this game, nor would I recommend any other game by this developer, since they apparently don't care a whit for their consumers. Severely disappointing that such an amazing franchise was continued by a company that doesn't care."
76561198108031499,Not Recommended,272270,30344410,Posted: 5 March,all,steele.knuckles,"Sadly I am joining the ranks of users dissatisfied with this game.  I gave it a good 8 hours but when I realized that I was forcing myself to continue playing in the hopes it would improve I decided it was not worth my time.  I'm sure there's a great story here, but I don't want to have to slog through text block after text block to uncover it.  I like playing my games, being involved in them moreso than just selecting another dialogue option.I believe the lack of combat gameplay really hurt this game - in other CRPGs the combat/dungeon crawling provides a break from the text and allows the player to experience the world.  This is very lacking in this game.  There is very little combat at all and the existing combat is all staged - it feels less interactive and more like an alternate form of dialogue.I guess that's my overall impression of the game: it's a videogame that feels like its designed to be read and not played.There are so many ways a videogame can be used to show something, immerse the players, but this feels like someone telling me a story as opposed to showing/letting me experience it.The introduction has you falling to your (believed) death - but, instead of having a quick cinematic showing you falling from a great height and crashing to the ground, there is a 10 minute narration about the fall, oh look there's a forest over there, oh were you being chased by something? oh wait is that the ground....wait for it....still narrating...finally, you hit the ground.  And the graphic display for this?  A black screen with white streaks that I think are supposed to be wind.Each character you meet has blocks of descriptor but I have yet to encounter a single character portrait concept art.  There is a section of the dialogue box that looks designed to hold a portrait but it remains a blank grey canvas.  Even when you speak to your companions there is no close up portrait of them.3 million plus words is not a selling point!  It's a sign that a better editor was needed."
,Not Recommended,272270,30713836,Posted: 24 March,all,Black of the Bus,"Badly mismanaged development leads to a crudely foreshortened final act. This is a decent game but far too short for the price.The botched final act is why I left a negative review. All that time looking for a way to fix the resonance chamber but it just floats into the room after half an hour offscreen with a Mazzof who was still covered in Bloom vomit. In general the areas are quite claustrophobic, with some cut entirely. You can see the loose ends of cut content in many places.Also the setting is too much random, disconnected atomised trinkets, with little or no cohesion. The frustration from that is exacerbated by the overly adjective-heavy writing. Sometimes less is more. Plus, I don't find an endless series of literal Deus Ex Machinas a satisfying narrative device.The character portraits are apparently photos of faces that then got surrounds painted onto them - Aligern's face is set square to the camera while his body and head are at an angle. Not only that but I saw some much better alternative portraits, which Inexile made, which looked far better than those used ingame, for Tybir, Callistege, Aligern, Matkina. The ones in game are expressionless; that's arguably fitting for Matkina and Aligern and Erritis, who are cold, depressed and vacant respectively. But the alternative portrait for Callistege is so superior - it expresses her personality very well. Reminds me of an exgirlfriend of mine.Also, what's with the lighting being so flat?However, Rhin is not only good, but is something I've never seen in an RPG before. very unusual concept. It's a decent/good game but it's so obviously worse than what it should have been, it pisses me off."
76561198009682170,Recommended,272270,23154770,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Wilborg,"Now I've been through the early access version meticulously (expected bugs included) and in spite of the few glitches, it's obvious what a completely awesome and amazing story this is.I totally and gleefully look forward to the finished version.Lifting the legacy of Planescape Torment is, in my eyes, quite an impossibility. I've kept coming back to that game like a favourite story since it was released, but I almost think they might succeed.In creating a setting so different, and yet so similar, I feel like I'm being given all the same philosophical, ambiguous and metaphysical strangeness, but in a new world without it being just old stuff reiterated. The atmosphere is different, the characters, the tone. And yet somehow, it's recognisable as a successor.Long story short, this is the kind of story that I will likely keep coming back to in the future too.I can't wait to see the finished product.10/10"
,Not Recommended,272270,30581251,Posted: 17 March,all,aM.Knowing,"For reference: I have played through Planescape:Torment 3 times over the years.I had played this game for 110 minutes when I started to doubt whether there would be fun or an interesting story sometime soon. So I went and checked the, at this time outragiously good, reviews and suggestions and so on; And after pondering a view hours, hovering the mouse over the play button, wondering whether I should refund the game or not, I eventually went with the later. Unfortunatly at that.After 7 hours of playing, fun still nowhere to be found.The story is dull to say the least. The companiens, except for the little girl, are forgettable placeholders. All the characters are purposefully ugly. Their flawed nature is supposed to be the point I guess but still...There is no romance option. The combat system is annoying at best and again begs the question why devs constantly try to reinvent the wheel.I personally enjoyed but one quest so far; The one with the psychics in the bar.I am aware that one could argue that I might have seen nothing of the game after that time but still though. I'm not playing games in the search of eventual fun.For the equivalent amount of money you could have bought the original game, both icewind dales and would still have something over to grab a hard copy of Anno 1602 from some green case stack.Originally I swore to myself to never buy a Unity game again. Should have stuck with it."
76561198011219705,Not Recommended,272270,30368564,Posted: 6 March,all,Dinarin,"Is it better than Planescape: Torment? No.Is it good? yes.But, it´s also awfully short and bit too linear for my taste.Would not recommend it for current price."
76561197970281489,Not Recommended,272270,31795705,Posted: 16 May,all,thargor6,"I really wanted to like this game (because of the respect for the crew and the great predecessor), but it does not even feel like a game to me. It is so boring!I tried 5 times, but never could convince me to keep going very far. It is so boring!There is no humor, no interesting plot so far (if you already knew the predecessor), and the ""combat"" is just even worse than the combat of the original game (which was not really the strength of PS: Torment).The new Numenera-stuff confused me a lot, but because it is also so boring, I not did care too much about it.The worst thing imho is the ""big pause"" when a dialog starts (and there are lots of dialogs), this always is a big distraction. In the old PS: Torment the dialogs just felt normal, but here literally the screen goes black and a huge mass of text encounters you. This really makes it hard ""to dive in"".The only positive thing I can say about this game is that it influenced me to play PS: Torment again, and I really had a great time with it (again). And, I liked the intro."
,Not Recommended,272270,30453821,Posted: 11 March,all,Rici,"It's probably my fault for expecting a story on the same level (or there about) of Planescape Torment and being disappointed. I found the main story to be pretty linear and that's saying much for a story that involves time travel.The companion backstories concluded in just two or three main exchanges each and paled in comparison with what was included in Planescape Torment, a game developed with less resources, in much less time and 18 years ago. The developers are boasting about the 1.2M words of text they have put in... the form of wall of text that add almost nothing to the story.The only redeeming quality I found is the Numenera setting that deservers to be explored again, hopefully by someone more committed to making the best game they can instead of cashing out as much as possible on their Kickstarters."
76561198024945022,Not Recommended,272270,31146445,Posted: 14 April,all,jacek,"I really wanted to love this game.But let me back up. I play games for stories, mostly CRPGs, PS:T is one of my favourite games of all time, and I read a lot. And yet, Tides bored me to death. It's harder to edit than to write, and Tides feel like a game not touched by an editor. This is not a rich narrative, this is logorrhea.I enjoyed many elements of the game, but when I finally reached the end, I didn't really care about the story and choices anymore, I just wanted it to be finally over."
76561197984546430,Not Recommended,272270,30520790,Posted: 15 March,all,Lykaios,"This would be one of the first game reviews I publish, mostly because I have ixed feelings on it.I enjoyed the game but I'm going to not reccomend it in order to balance all the other positive reviews it's getting.Working my way through almost all the side quests and exploring I finished the game in 15hrs. Due to the limited number of available party members I feel the replay value is not that great. Hence, 44EUR is too high a price (30 would be more reasonable.)The game is interesting but somewhat incoherent. The concept of several layers of reality is neat, but what that means in effect is that the thread of interesting plots/characters is lost against the mish-mash background. This leads to clicking around an area 'just because' rather than any central drive or natural curiousity. By the end I didn't feel like I had a real understanding of the characters involved, or what their motivations mattered."
76561198001808459,Not Recommended,272270,30761050,Posted: 26 March,all,zarco,"It's been a long time since Planescape, and maybe my perception is clouded by those wonderful memories, but nothing in here is even close to as good.  Read a book, it's more satisfying and cheaper."
76561197992681922,Recommended,272270,30238199,Posted: 28 February,all,SirLogiC,"I recommended this game, butit is definitely not for everyone. Planescape: Torment was like reading a book in game form. As the Spiritual successor Torment: Tides of Numenera (T:ToN) is the same. So if you aren't into dialogue heavy games then this is not for you.The writing is very good though. It is interesting. Sometimes it feels to me like there is some trying hard to be different and exotic, but mostly it's excellent.Combat is done fairly interestingly. You ""spend"" your stat points to perform actions, or boost them. Then use consumables or rest to restore them.Ciphers are special consumables, you can only carry a limited amount, or you get penalties, and they are one use only. But you get enough that I don't really get the ""I'll save this for when I need it"" hoarding.Annoted my logbook."
76561197994989613,Not Recommended,272270,30340923,Posted: 5 March,all,JackLuminous,"Too much text, not enough gameplay. They say good dialogue is what made Planescape great. They're not wrong, but what they didn't understand is that what kept the original from being a true masterpiece was the lack of decent combat gameplay. I remember playing it and by the end thinking ""man, what a great story, great characters and intriguing world... now if only it had the combat gameplay mechnanics of Baldur's Gate, it would have been the best"". Instead of correcting this, they made it worse. I can't play this 10 minutes without getting bored and rushing through dialogues and without the dialogues, there's nothing left. Show, don't tell. I find it ironic that whenever you ask a character a second time to repeat the trivial information he spent so long to describe he manages to summarize it in a few sentences only. These summary, more often than not, should have been the first and only answer.The fact that you can't engage in combat with anyone also diminishes the impression of freedom and choice of action and reinforces the impression that you're really just a spectactor here, and the game just wants you to go about speaking to people and solve their fetch quests. Whatever your choices in Baldur's Gate, you knew you could always attack the npcs. Here? The game really just wants you to listen to its lore...I don't recommend it. This is for hipsters stuck on nostalgia saying that PT was about something else than gameplay. PT was great but it's never been the classic game than Baldur's Gate was. It could have been so much better with a better combat mechanic and simply MORE COMBATS.I understand PT strived to be the ANTI Baldur's Gate, and had its heart in the right place by having you focus in stats like charisma, intelligence and wisdom instead, but it went overboard with it, as it ends up way less balanced than BG and having little replay value. Fights is what give replay value to these games. Fights can go in so many directions, although less so in turn based combats, but that's another issue (at this point I'm just desperate for anything else than listening to NPCs narrating a fantasy's short story, so I'll take turn based, even with its obvious flaws). Dialogues options, on the other hand, is just a matter of reloading and finding out what happens if I click on one answer instead of the other. They are ""nice to have"", but they're not the meat of these video games.Unfortunatly they chose poorly in this sequel by focusing even LESS on gameplay. I guess it costs less to produce. 50$ for this is ridiculous. It's worth 15$ at the most. Will not be purchasing from InXile again."
76561198006533392,Not Recommended,272270,30581985,Posted: 17 March,all,FatherKrieg,"Had high hopes for that game. Finished it thoroughly, read all the text, talked with everybody, etc... and there's nothing special to remember. The single quest with Baron in Witcher 3 is twice better than this whole game. Which is sad, actually.Not even close to the Old Planescape, of course.Combat is bad (you can skip almost all of it, but that does not make it better), UI and inventory are clunky, companions are bland, but what is the worst - all the walls of text you trudge through, are not exciting. They are boring. Ah, and one more - your decisions actually does not really matter. The whole Tide system is for nothing.The game is not a total disaster, but for the money and time that was invested in it it's more of a joke. A sad joke."
76561198007682607,Not Recommended,272270,31116579,Posted: 13 April,all,Sicko,"I can't reccomend this and I can't willingly motivate myself to keep playing this game. There is more than enough well written reviews of this game so I won't bother repeating a great deal of what has already been said about the short falls and issues.*Have since played another 3 hours on a friends account and its only reinforced my initial perspective...The main reason I'm dropping this game already, less than 5 hours of play in, is because it just doesn't hit the mark to stand with the legacy of Planescape Torment. The atmosphere and asthetic elements are just not right, too much flashy sci fi styles spilling into the gameworld of TTON (lasers, facial augmentation machines etc). The asthetics are just off; there are points in the city which will feel similar to the city of Sigil from Planescape Torment but there is too many other graphics and designs that just don't fit. The combat is horrible; slow, contrived and a constant feeling of playing through scripted battles (removing real rpg aspects we enjoy; grinding, leveling, stats, looting). The Tides/Skill interface is clanky and slow; bringing nothing really significant to the game that I felt validated a need for this system at all. From the start onwards the dialogue is just dull and fails to immerse me into this world. I found no vested interests in my characters plight or the party members who joined me, besides Rhin. The character creation system is interesting but felt like it makes next to no difference in general with how events and quests play out (and come on, no option to chose a potrait - stuck with some bland face that looks like it came from a 1970's Sci Fi novel cover). I think that by focussing on being a dialogue/text heavy game too much the developers have ultimately failed to incorporate typical RPG elements that made the original game so good - we've got this unbalanced result of a game that has turned into a very linear. almost point and click adventure game. Big dissapointment.There is moments, glimmers of good writing and creativity, where this game shows some potential I found in a few of the side quests. But these moments are over shadowed by the points I made above.Look forward to modders ripping this game apart and rebuilding it into something the Torment community wants. I feel for the backers who got screwed over here but hopefully update patches can fix some of these issues. Save your cash and buy the Enchanced Edition of Planescape Torment or check out many of the other recent RPG's like Tyranny, Pillars etc"
,Not Recommended,272270,30352203,Posted: 5 March,all,Dissodant,"Torment Tides of Numenera is what happens when individuals who dont understand creating fun games try to copy one portion an old game that was fun for multiple reasons.  It falls miserably short.TLDR version Backed game, played beta.  Did not enjoy stat pool version of combat still beat early crises even with difficulty apparently ""too high"".  Streamlining occured for ""reasons"", combat no longer important pools made more simplistic so people couldnt kill themselves with difficulty.  What we get  is a talky often incomprehensible game with the illusion of choice but no real part in the plot.  Planescape torment had plot, but it also had player choice that felt like it actually matter.  Torment tides simply does not.Exploring portions of setting and sidequest is more interesting than learning why the main character is who he is or why he exists.  THATS NOT GOOD NEWS"
76561197964233535,Recommended,272270,29978833,Posted: 16 February,all,ACH-Strelok,"I searched for a game that offered a compelling story and enthralling universe. I found Torment: Tides of Numenera and instantly purchased it. This game, which is set to be released at the end of the month, is beautiful.I became fully immersed in this game, just as I did with Shadowrun Returns (+xpacs). Give this game your attention and patience, and you will certainly become hooked and intrigued. The game is not combat-centric and I really enjoy that. It works for the Numenera universer, the storyline, and the pacing of how things develop.Highly recommended."
76561198001606968,Not Recommended,272270,30837319,Posted: 30 March,all,LIFE IS TOO SHORT TO BE LITTLE,"viewing it through the lens of a planescape torment fan: this game is garbageviewing it through the lens of a fan of fantasy writing: this game is garbageviewing it through the lens of a person who likes good video games: this game is garbagethe most purple of prose, tons of agenda-pushing propaganda, and giving you the details of the entire plot in the first hour of the game made me refund itthis is what happens when your writing team is like 800 people strong - too many cooks in the kitchen"
76561197990948323,Not Recommended,272270,30764664,Posted: 26 March,all,over_revving,"Not much more to say, some of the most popular negative reviews have completely nailed it!ShortNot immersiveVery restricted areas with poor world senseBoring endless text with no purposeRushedAlmost felt like a chore to push through at times only to find out the cost-down run-out-of-scrip-talent ending...No match to anything like Baldur's Gate and/or Planescape Torment...If you like RPGs probably don't bother for the money or wait to drop. If you have never played a game like this, sure go ahead, you might like it"
,Not Recommended,272270,33994075,Posted: 3 August,all,steppenwolf,"I've advanced fairly deep, and though I loved Planescape:Torment (which is obviously the reference here) I can't say this is a good game. Not just that it doesn't reach Planescape:Torment, it is not a good game.The graphics are poor. Fuzzy sometimes. The conversation system interface is outdated, though that wouldn't be a problem if it was interesant; but characters are poorly developed, they try too hard to be ""weird"" in a Planescape way, but turns out like a series of artificial monologues.The combat system is terrible, though fortunately you can skip it most of the time. Yet running errands here and there with the occasional NPC and static looking action gets boring.All in all, I doubt I'll finish the game."
,Recommended,272270,25959802,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,#divideby8,"As someone who has more than 300 hours into Pillars, I can say that I am not too excited for Tides.Pillars easily carries the most coheisve and dramatically presented narrative in a cRPG since Baldur's Gate 2, yet while Tides holds it's place in my library, I earnestly do not expect it to hold up as well.inXile games tend to carry a very unfinished and unpolished feel to them, which is often overlooked due to quality writing that propells the games from start to finish. Wasteland 2 is an excellent example of this: great story ... but incomplete ""product"" ... and the hours I've spent with the Early Access of Tides, I get the same impression.Recent changes have shown a clear trajectory towards simple delivery of a complex story, confirmed by developer responses on the forums to questions regarding removed features (such as a truncated introduction that has been stripped of any ingenuity and unique inspiration that it had during earlier versions). Many suspect this is due to it's concurrent console release, but I suspect there is more to it: as development has unfolded, I believe the inXile scrapped elements that weren't working, which has left visceral gaps in what remains.Still, inXile's writers are top notch and I will play this game through to the end, but I do not expect it to have much of the replayability that PlaneScape: Torment, Baldur's Gate/2, or Pillars of Eternity possess."
76561198031070368,Not Recommended,272270,31802863,Posted: 17 May,all,olarnser,"Like a lot of other people, I bought this game full priced on the day of release because I loved Planescape:Torment.And while there are things to like in this game, it's a slow hard ponderous slog much of the time. There is just so MUCH to read, the gameplay is dominated by clicking on each of the conversation option and reading the text.It's not the most terrible game exactly. If you have the time and the patience the story is intriguing but I feel my meagre leisure time is better spent playing other games."
,Not Recommended,272270,33198804,Posted: 3 July,all,Dustcloud,"Sooo.......... Ages ago I backed this game on Kickstarter. However, once InExile started making development decisions that seemed to reverse promises made in the Kickstarter I became skeptical. Only having backed for a $20 digital game didn't make it worth refunding. But I felt as though there were intrinsic aspects of Infinity Engine-style games, and Torment in Particular, that the developers either didn't understand, or wanted to shortcut, and that these decisions were exemplified by their conception of ""Crisis Encounters"" and turn-based mechanics.Well, after finally playing the game, I feel that me concerns were eminently justified.The idea that you should be able to interact with characters and the environment to resolve encounters makes toooooooooons of sense, and it's good to see. But mixing it with turn-based mechanics is a terrible, awful, no-good, and vile fundamental flaw. The Torment devs think nothing of tossing a dozen random mobs into encounters that revolve around your characters essentially flipping a couple switches or have a few conversations without dying. You then find yourself taking thirty quadrillion zillion years per encounter to talk to a couple NPC people because you have to wait for all the mobs to cycle through their turns. Even worse, sometimes the AI bugs out during encounters and you have to restart the whole damned thing. (Not to mention some of their graphics and effects choices are weirdly non-performant relative to quality while at times being rather overdone and innelegant.)If they'd stuck to typical Infinity Engine-style ""Real Time With Pause"" during these things it'd have been fine. But they didn't, and it's miserable. Even weirder, there's no coherent reason for adopting the encounter system: the game isn't remotely a tactical turn based game like XCOM or something. And bringing that style of gameplay into a game based less on combat and tactics and more on dialog and interactions makes no cohesive sense. What does the player gain out of enemies taking a dozen sequential turns when all that's going to happen is that you're going to flip a couple text-encounter switches and resolve them with some ""effort?""Now if you ignore the terrible terrible terrible encounters the game is actuall more than half-decent or even good. At least two of the companions are interesting (if a tad underdeveloped, which is weird and crazy considering the amount of text in the game). (Others are kind of boring.) The world is interesting. The plot is interesting, though at times hard to grasp if you aren't making sure to investigate every damn thing. This is a game that could have been great, but somebody tried to frankenstein the idea of ""turn based-encounters"" into what's fundamentally a mostly dialog-based game and it ruined it. Narratively, I think it really deserved to have the Last Castoff forge some more meaningful bonds with non-party based (particularly castoff) NPCs, and the lack of said meaningful bonds between the castoff and all but a couple in-party characters really makes some of the decisions fall flat, feel a bit empty. (I think the Merecaster thing was supposed to be a way to sidestep this issue, but I don't really feel like it worked.)If somebody could figure out a way to mod the encounters into behaving like combat in Pillars of Eternity or Baldur's gate the game would probably be many times better. Help me tan the dead horse's hide: ""It's just not fun to have to spend 1+ hours to have two conversations because of pointless turn-based mechanics."" I question devs who couldn't grasp this... They are certainly not ones I'd ever trust with what was essentially a preorder again.I feel bad writing this review because most games these days aren't remotely as interesting. Yet I'm not sure it's right to praise something so flawed just because the attempt was made and it is rather interesting...I definitely would love to see another RPG set in the Ninth World, at least."
76561198049269896,Not Recommended,272270,30369171,Posted: 7 March,all,The Dank Engine,"Very bad business practice by the company (cut content, change of concept).Shallow, forced, linear story, no real choice, boring turn-based combat.None of the charm of P:T, none of the depth.I'll never back their games again."
76561198005989331,Recommended,272270,29341976,Posted: 18 January,all,Erebus,"First some background:""Planescape: Torment"" has been my favorite CRPG of all time since I first played it at its release in 1999.It figuratively and literally turned the genre on its head. All the basic assumptions people take away from most CRPGs had been practically inverted wholesale.I was a fan of the source tabletop setting released in 1994, long before the game hit the shelves, so I had looked at the video game with a very critical eye, and found every moment of its game play engaging, and its story, theme and characters utterly unique.I was hesitant, and ultimately decided against supporting the kickstarter, mostly as I realize now due to my lack of understanding of the Numenera setting. Unlike Planescape, which had the underpinnings of D&D to start with, I was never able to wrap my head around how the Numenera setting worked. It just never clicked for me.Initial Impressions:I knew I’d pick this up when it released, even if it was just a chance of catching some of that old Planescape:Torment nostalgia.I also admit, I only have 3.0 hours, yes three, into this as I'm writing it. (I may update this review after I have more time with the actual release version).However, I've played the first 10-20 minutes of the game probably 6 times, each with completely different outcomes:In some I died prior to even getting into a fightIn others I was able to talk down my foesI used environment objects to help me overcome my enemiesI’ve pretended to be someone I’m notIn others I was painfully truthful to my own detriment.From what I've seen, which I completely admit is a small sliver of the whole, this not only matches my expectations of what a spiritual successor to P:T would be, it exceeds them.The settings are equally fantastic in the truest sense of the word. The characters I’ve seen so far, are almost as good as the initial characters you meet in P:T.If the rest of this game matches the first 15 minutes, this will easily slide up to match Planescape:Torment as my favorite cRPG.Where Planescape: Torment asked: “What can change the nature of a man?”Torment: Tides of Numenera asks: “What does one life matter?”And as in P:T, Ibelievelooking forward this justmayhelp you answer that question in the same way,through game play, story, and character development."
76561198011514592,Not Recommended,272270,31044786,Posted: 9 April,all,Ramilito,"Booooring, mechanics sucked, the cypher thing was a total waste of time and effort.Could not care about the companions, way too easy especially after two hours."
76561198097986446,Not Recommended,272270,31384328,Posted: 26 April,all,Kafka,"I wish I could get my money back. This game had so much potential. Unfortunately there is almost nothing in the game except reading. I played for over 20 hours, despite what the record says, and only saw combat twice. When I did finally experience combat it turned out to be a rather poor affair. To me this feel like the game is missing the essential gameplay part. The world building is pretty great and I found the characters interesting. Shame theres so little actual gameplay."
,Not Recommended,272270,31627442,Posted: 8 May,all,John Oldman,"Dense zones full of potential but extremely short for a game of this kind and tag price, you can't get more than 30 hours out of it and the latter parts of the plot are reiterations of previous discussions and easily deducted stuff from the previous half.Game is overwhelming with content at the start, your kind has roamed for thousands of years and there is hundreds of them, people never stop describing you parts of this amazing universe you live in, yet in the end you can only move over a few sections of a small city of this world they never stop telling you wonders about but that you will never see, not even on pictures.Game falls short, you can only play through a very few zones on where you barely see anything outside the starting city, they introduce you to this big universe over the spawn of a couple of days of ingame time of the starting life in your newly born character and then shut down the game.i wouldn't have buy the game if i knew it beforehand but wanted my experience to be genuine as possible with it.TLDR:1/3 in length compared to a Baldur, Neverwinter, DragonAge (Origins/Inquisition) or something like a Persona 4 or Persona 5.I dont know where the +4 Million bucks from the kickstarter went into, the  most expensive 10 screenshots i ever saw.Edit: Most Of my Ingame time is AFK, i left the game open a couple of times"
76561198122930823,Not Recommended,272270,34815342,Posted: 8 September,all,captainuberawesome,"Was pretty stoked to play this game since Planescape: Torment is one of my favorite games. The hype died down after a couple of hours of gameplay, though. Sure, the writing is similar to Planescape: Torment (to the point of being self-plagiarism) but it lacks it's depth and originality. The battle mechanics are better suited for a boardgame (the pacing just doesn't work for the video game), the characters are annoying (especially the useless little girl), the skills are weird and the main plot line is boring. This is the third game that I bought that received it's funding through Kickstarter rather than a publisher and the third disappointment.Played this game (about 20 hrs) on a different account that's connected to this one through family sharing, but steam won't let me review the game there, so I had to launch it on this account for 5 minutes to be able to write this review - that's how disappointed I am."
76561198029088748,Not Recommended,272270,31151448,Posted: 15 April,all,Anal4o,"Just what Blackadar said. I'm a hardcore RPG player since 1996 and I have been waiting for this game with a great enthusiasm. I did not play a demo, I did not read any reviews, because I did't want this to spoil my experience. Planescape:Torment along Fallout 2 is in the top 5 RPGs I have ever played. What was so special about it? I would say everything, but the best was definately the story - deep and immerse. Well imo, Tides of Numenera is quite the oposite - shallow. The story and the characters were boring and the looks of the game, to my surprise were kinda ugly. Especially when I compare it to Tyranny that uses the same engine...way more beatiful game and also more intriguing story, with more interesting and engaging choices to be made. Also I didn't like the numenera universe, but I guess this is just my personal preference.I'm a real fan of Brian Fargo, I really like the way he does things and I will continue supporting him, but I sure hope that the next games he does, would be more like Planescape:Torment instead of Torment:Tides of Numenera, more like Fallout 2, than Wasteland 2."
,Recommended,272270,21224584,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,All-Day,"Although the game is in early access, the developers have put notes in the game anytime a feature is not available yet, etc, but they tell you what to expect.  It's a nice touch to an early access game.  Other than that, the game is really polished and it even feels like the old Planescape Torment game, from the sounds to the character development. Buy this game and show that these kinds of games are what we want!"
76561198048201299,Not Recommended,272270,30366398,Posted: 6 March,all,CharlesDeanTBK @ Twitch,"My issue with this game is as follows:1. Combat. Seriously, forget the turn based part of it, where the heck is it?  XP through kills = pretty much non existant. I can't say how the whole game is, but I'm pretty far into it, I've been in 4? 5? fights, and only 1 gave me any symblance of XP (You might say, well that's good cause it means you don't have to choose combat as an option! But I ---wanted--- to fight. I designed a glaive character, went out of my way to go into battle, and did everything I could to annoy people. Heck I ran into three thugs that were all ""Hand over the girl or else!"" I picked or else, and it just throws me a dialogue ""You did 20 damage fight ende dinstantly."" Like what?! WHERE IS MY BATTLE?! What happened to the axe wielding scar covered madman slaughtering innocents in the street that I played as on PST?)2. The illusion of choice, isn't as well casted as the previous PST (in the previous one I did playthroughs with 2 or 3 fights, and playthroughs with everyone in every town dead that you could kill. Lots of variety!). Each decision I make seems rather ""flat"" ? In a good choice RPG, decisions will keep piling up on top of each other, each quest you complete, each choice you make in dialogue, it all stacks up. This one? Not so much. There were a few quests that required some chaining behaviors, but mostly their ""choice"" system was just the occassional 'oh you could have gotten +1 str if you played it this way. Too bad, suckah!' Combined with the fact you don't really get a lot of fights, this can feel a lot like reading a book and having to roll dice every now and then to see if you're getting all the pages or an angry troll is going to rip a few out before you can read them and much less like you're shaping the RPG with your choices.3.  The plot is slow and drags into errand boy in several sections, and the characters were interesting, but I didn't get to feel I connected to any of them. I wanted more out of my Main Char Side Char relationships, I wanted to feel like my scruffy gang of 3 was really impacted by my existence. I didn't get that at all.Things that I really enjoyed about the game:1. It wasn't a good hit for me, but I did like the skill point system stretch they did with effort. It was interesting and forced me to think about a lot of decisions I normally wouldn't have had to .2. The artwork was, as it was in the previous game, really good. The landscapes were constantly changing so much so that even in the same town I could feel the differences between area one and area two.3. The character backgrounds were interesting, which made point 3 of the cons that much more frustrating.Now these are all just personal opinions, and I would only not recommend the game because there are a lot better RPGs out there that do what T: ToN tried to do in terms of execution, but better, and they're cheaper. If you've played every RPG on the market though, consider my thumbs down a thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,272270,30310710,Posted: 4 March,all,xXKasketXx,"Great story, excellant lore, super shallow game.Much has been cut, and many stretch goals never made it into the game. *sigh*I will be much more wary with my next InXile purchase."
76561197996590509,Recommended,272270,21306294,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Philosopher King,"After waiting so many years, I never thought I would play a game like Planescape Torment again.  I was wrong.  When they complete this game, its going to earn the Torment title."
,Not Recommended,272270,30549795,Posted: 16 March,all,swayok,"Ok. I've finally finished this game.What can i say about it? It's bad in almost everything.1. Combat system is trash. Don't even dare to take any class except nano focused on conversations + invest all edges into intellect pool because it is used in most cases. Strengths pool is just a joke really. You'll never use it in combat.2. Character progression is quite new but it appears to be very stupid.3. Cyphers - well... you don't need them in 99% of cases. Remaining 1% is experiments and permament bonuses4. Abilities - most of battle-related are useless. As nano I used only 3 attacking abilities 1 of which had friendlyfire and was quite useless in most cases. Social are better. Pick mind reading one - it will help you skip most of texts and also there ate quite funny thought appear sometimes.5. Story is quite interesting but there are too many extra texts. You'll be bored after the 1st location. Well, I was trying to read them all at first but then I just skipped everuthing not related to main quest. It looks like most texts were written by people called ""copywriters"". They are experts to write empty texts around some simple plot so that search engines treat web site better. I was able to half-blindly end the game with the best ending for the worlds (IMHO). It looks like your choices does not affect the ending the way they should.6. Companions are quite different but most of them are empty. I liked only Rhin. Callestige is amost good too. Also she is quite useful in dialogs and fights7. Locations are mostly small. I'd say very small. Remember baldur's gates, neverwitnter nights, icewind dale - all had great variety of beautiful locations. And now forget about it. Not in this game. Funny thing: Necropolis has lots of chambes with some names on plates. As i saw most plates had different appearence. It seems that it took too much time to make that chambers and other locations were sacrificed...8. World is something that you'd like to know about but every important thing wrapped in tons of text. Well, I've surrendered and just rushed to the ending.If you're looking for a good RPG with good story - pass this one. It's short and mostly empty.If you're looking for a good RPG with interesting tactical fights - run away or you'll want to kill developersIf ou like to read tons of texts and not afraid of half-emptiness in text - you're welcome! Remember to pick Nano and increate intellect pool and edge. You'll have the story almost without fights."
76561198055864522,Recommended,272270,21154314,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,abstergent,"You're sitting in a room, alone.  Before you hover images, passing in rapid sequence, but conveying a comforting sense of the entirety of a whole.  You sift through their details - an odd protuberance in an unexpected place, a comforting voice passing through the air behind you - and ponder.  While you draw no closer to these images physically, your mind and will are progressively and inexorably more deeply involved in the events you observe, these same events you even direct, to some extent.  You notice that, in reflections of reflections, you weigh heavy questions.  They pass through lesser used corridors in your mind, and prompt at once both introspection and alarm.  You realize then that you just spent the greater part of an afternoon, and the equivalent of the price of a quality meal for two, on a simulacrum, still in its fledgling state, of worlds only known to a glimmering few, and you yearn to know - to feel - more.If you've read this far, congratulations.  You'll see more like this, lots more, as you wade, wander, and weigh your options through this newest world of Torment.After starting over twice, and a good, what, 30 hours at this point?  I finally found an in-canon expositor who at least helped me, the human playing this game, understand that numenera is a plural noun indicating objects, not a singular proper noun indicating a place.  I know what two of the five tides regard, and my latest protagonist is happily balanced among all of them.[Edit] So, I am apparently a ponderously slow exploratory player, and I'm okay with that.  I do believe the reason the series is named Torment is because it's (almost) impossible to die.  That seems fitting, for someone who took almost 50 hours to get through the beta.  Pro tip: don't leave town.Having resolved 16-odd quests, and with 2 remaining, now I'm seriously jonesing to get on with the rest of this.  I can only guess that, as a secret-finder and prose-reader (I really LIKE the Meres!), I'll probably lose ~200 hours of my life in this game.  I can't wait for the hideous stench of the Bloom to fill my nostrils... ugh, wait, maybe I can? [/edit]Highly recommended for your Bartle's exploratory types!  Feel free to look elsewhere for bullet-time, spraying gibs, skimpy outfits, collisions, porridge, wanton violence or wontons.  You're on earth, a billion years in the future, and you've got all the time in the world to read through tomes of narrative, linking slender chains in your mind, piecing together yourself, and all the whys of all the voids, within and without.Grand. Fictional. Terrifying. Alluring. Fun. Interesting. Human."
76561198025454799,Not Recommended,272270,30302553,Posted: 3 March,all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"Game made by people who think high word count is an indicator of quality but don't know the dictionary definition for the word gameplay. Quite apart from all the unfulfilled kickstarter promises, the cargo-cult design, the barebones combat, the amateurish art direction, the laughable GUI and the atrocious writing (helpful hint for inXile: a good editor is worth more than ten popular writers), the game is incredibly boring and not worth your time or your money. Avoid."
76561198063590972,Not Recommended,272270,33876216,Posted: 29 July,all,Polovy,"I hav enjoyed it, right up to the moment when I could not complete a quest due to a bug. I have reported it as required and never heard back from the developers. Never finished the game and probably never will.Also probably will never pay for their game again."
76561198050616408,Not Recommended,272270,30819551,Posted: 29 March,all,osrensen1,"Its a thumbs down for me eventually. Went into this game with optimism and hope for an involving story, bizarre and wierd enough to be interesting. But as time went by and I explored more and nore, its just not happening to me. The story is to fragmented and uninteresting to make up for the complete and utter poor combat system. I might play this for 30 min now and then, but its not a good game."
,Recommended,272270,21498898,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Joker,"Just played a bit of it, but I can already enumerate some points. First, I died before I could even start the game. How? In an awesome way, but I won't give you spoilers. I just say that I was too ""eager to throw myself away"". And that's one big lead to let you know how unpredictable is the scenario of this game.Since the first lines of the narration, you`re already choosing your destiny and changing whatever you don't know you're going to change, and that's simply terrifying and gratifying at the same time. About the ""Planescape: Torment premise"", well, I might say the whole package is all in it, even if many thing are not implemented and ""well developed"" yet, you can ""feel"" it`s all there.  I can give a couple of examples from what I`ve already experienced: alien-ish and complete freakish ambientation, great character development, ""things"" so bizarre simply apread all over places for you to interact and figure (what the hell) is it about, dense and metaphysical dialogues that give you the creeps and ""haunt"" your decision-making. Aside of that, you're simply thrown into the world without knowledge or making sense of anything. It's strange. The most common word not for the begining of the game but for the whole of it.I'm sincerely SUPER excited for what's coming next (patches and updates) and still exploring and understanding everything we already have. It's not something simple to make a game whose main premise is to continue the legacy of one of the greatest RPG's ever made. It's really a BOLD proposition, but I have to say, the guys in InXile are treading the right path towards this goal."
,Recommended,272270,20774536,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Kozzy-New Curb Your Enthusiasm!,"Now that the full version is out, some of my thoughts:Wonderful writing, great world design, gorgeous art design, great science fiction feel to the game and the atmosphere is well done.Can't wait to play more of this wonderful, engrossing rpg, if you want some wonderful writing or a beautifully crafted gameworld and a future science fiction setting then pick this up asap!I have played above 20 hours of the final version and I have only gotten in 1 fight so far. Like Planscape Torment before it, you can beat most of the game without fighting if you want. The game gives you alot of ways to play the game!Now excuse me as I get pulled back into this wonderfully crafted game that so far has reminded me of a cross between the setting and writing of Planscape Torment and the atmosphere and feel of HBO's Westworld with the science aspects this game brings to the table.The only negatives are that the first hour is slow and not the best (But boy does it get going after this!) and also that the combat is not that great (when compared to something like  Divinity Original Sin), decent but not super amazing. Thankfully you can play most the game without fighting if that is what you so desire. The combat is good enough but won't blow you away, this is how I felt about the combat for the Shadowrun crpgs.Well done Inexile! You made a guy like me very excited to be back in this universe again after all these years (1999 since Planscape Torment I think?).Now get reading and get ready for an adventure you might just not be ready for!Best writing of the crpg resurgence for me (Pillars and Wasteland 2 where the best writing previous of the insurgence of crpgs) but a bit behind Divinity, Wasteland 2 and Pillars in the combat department. Still, so far this is a wonderful game that has a very unique setting, amazing writing and a world that has been crafted with so much love and care.I am so glad crpgs are back, it is wonderful to have something to play that focuses on characters, writing and the game world, instead of just action, shooting or top of the line graphics like so many modern games these days.WRITING = 9.5/10WORLD DESIGN = 9/10SOUNDTRACK = 8.5/10COMBAT = 7/10NON-COMBAT GAMEPLAY = 9/10"
76561198056664029,Recommended,272270,22710932,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Gaetan_Borrette,"I liked it. Not everyone are into this kind of game. Planescape: torment was a major AAA title in a time that was all about different genres than where it's at now; it won game of the year awards and etc. This one is on a very different, indie scale, and it shows at time. Still it has it's stellar moments and in my sense it lives up to my expectations.But it's good; people complain about two things: the combat system and that it did not live up to their nostalgia. Fact is that the combat is clearly not the star of the show here; we're dealing with different goals and intents. The Story's better than undertale's and a lot of other games'."
76561198009682181,Not Recommended,272270,31603061,Posted: 7 May,all,whitegoat,"Do not buy this game.This has nothing to do with ""Torment"". It has little to do with ""rpg""s in general.Do you like visual novels with overly pretentious themes?How about stupid concepts and bad writing from people who think they are  literary geniuses, but reads more like a 9th graders attempt to be ""cool"" and ""rad""?If you answer yes to one of the above,  then maybe this game has something for you. For the fans of ""Torment"" though, there is nothing there."
76561197998163033,Not Recommended,272270,25382823,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Dread,"I really loved Planescape Torment. It had a rich, creative world with a very grown up story that was ahead of its time. The graphics really added up to the game and created a rich atmosphere.Now to Torment: Tides of Numenera. To be honest, it is nothing like Planescape. I haven't really seen anything were I can say this is on par with its role model.Even if you do not judge it by that high standards, it is mediocre at best.For example the graphics. It just doesn't look good. And I am not talking from a technical standpoint, but from an artistic. In terms of colors it lacks harmonic environments, it looks dull. Compared with a newer game like Pillars of Eternity which manages to create something special with every map, it is weaker in every way. No atmospheric lightning, the maps are nowhere near that detailed.Also through other means like sound they do not manage to create the imagination of a living, breathing city.As for the combat, it is boring and slow. I don't know why they made the decision to go turn based. I see no reason, it isn't even very tactical.But remember, this is still Early Access and maybe the game has greatly improved in the past month - who knows.And that brings me to my last point:I am really disappointed by this Early Access. There is no real involvement of the buyers. No updates, no information. If anything, this is a good example on how you should NOT do an Early Access. I am sure I am not the only buyer that is disappointed how this is going. It really looks like they just wanted to grab some early money without any real responsibility towards the buyers."
76561198047352121,Not Recommended,272270,30499433,Posted: 13 March,all,Reshin,"...was that the end? All other issues aside....Really? a single paragraph? You do not have the common decency to trigger the credit roll?....really?I wish there was a neutral vote, the game is not BAD. It just missed out on a lot of it's promise."
,Not Recommended,272270,30238521,Posted: 28 February,all,Vechernyaya,"I don't recommend this game for now, it is too unpolished, unfinished and cut.The cut content is huge, like 3 cut companion for a total of 6 instead of 9, a city has been removed, more important, there is a game mechanic called focus, there were about 40 planed, and if I'm not mistaken, only 3 foci makes it in the final game.There is lot more cut content, check on google.I said unpolished because the game has a lot of bug and is not very stable, the dialogue are not fluid and sometime require time to display the next reply. A detail, that matters to me : the female character portrait doesn't match the 3d model (because the portrait has changed during beta, but not the 3d model), it's an immersion breaker for me.For the unfinished part, it's about Inxile saying that there will be patches with new content, to complete the game and add cut content. So a lot of people think there will be a Director's Cut, like for Wasteland 2. I hope so.I'll came back to play it and eventually change my review for the probable Director's Cut in a few month."
76561197996806980,Not Recommended,272270,30368968,Posted: 7 March,all,Rodja,"- Worse HUD I've ever seen;- Game ends way to soon, I thought there would be at least 3 more cities before the end;- Flawed and weird combat gameplay;- Question A, again? Question B, again? Are you sure Question 3?+ Cool story"
,Not Recommended,272270,30352331,Posted: 6 March,all,Subspace Dandy,"Perfect world-building, good storyline, very interactive (but zero real player agency and probably not much replay value).Main problem: it's obviously rushed. It feels as if at some point they decided to stitch all the finished fragments and systems of a much larger game into something smaller and passable enough to sell. That, among other things, screwed up the pacing and rendered half of the systems obsolete.The end result has merits, but it is not very graceful.Too bad. Could've been an excellent game; instead it's merely decent (not a crime, but even if you disregard the hype the wasted potential is glaringly obvious).Clearly needed another year (or two). A large addon, maybe? Some sort of director's cut? Sadly, that's not likely to happen."
,Not Recommended,272270,30539492,Posted: 16 March,all,Kiyo,"I haven't finished the game and I'm writing this review now because I'm not sure that I will. It's a decent game, but when you set yourself up as the successor to Planescape: Torment, you have to live up to high expectations, and Tides of Numenera just doesn't. The concept and world are amazing, but the implementation is just unfinished, making the experience feel like you're just scratching the sruface.First, here's what the game does right. I really liked the original story. It's a bit of a slow burn, but most of the writing is good, and they included all the interesting and bizarre little details, side-stories, and dark humor that really nailed the same narrative feel as PS:T. Also, the promise of being able to take multiple approaches to situations has been delivered. They also definitely brought it with the art. The various game locations I've seen so far are varied and exciting, and in the era of 3D dominance, they still manage to make an isometric game look attractive and visually engaging.However, the flaws really prevent this game from coming together into an immersive experience. The idea of the tides affecting how everyone in the world reacts to you was barely there, really just adding up to a few throwaway dialogue lines of, ""I had heard you were that type of person..."" It never seemed to actually affect outcomes. Also, there are no real factions like the ones you could interact with and even join in Torment. I ""joined"" one of the groups in the game through dialogue, but it has had no effect at all as far as I can tell. No one treated me any differently, I got no stat bonuses or penalties, it didn't seem to help or hurt the group's standing in the world, and I later I even met people who were members of that same group and they had no idea who I even was. Again, there was a lame line about how the various branches of the group didn't have much contact with each other.The skills, abilities, and effort setup felt needlessly complex, and some of the mechanics were never fully explained. I never figured out how to tell the difference between a one-handed and a two-handed weapon except by equipping it, and I'm still not sure why weapons were divided up into heavy and light. I don't need a lot of hand-holding or a huge tutorial, but as far I can tell, this info wasn't available for me to see anywhere at all. It sucks having to buy a weapon just to see if my character can use it with his shield, then having to sell it back at a loss when it turns out it's two-handed. Maybe I missed something. Finally, I encountered a bug that would cause combat to freeze periodcially. It didn't happen every combat, but several of the bigger ones I had to keep reloading and replaying, which was really tedious. It's a known issue, but a fix doesn't seem to be forthcoming.I really, really, wish they had fleshed this game out a little more. There was so much promise and if they could have polished it a bit more and made sure that the player's choices had more of an impact on the game world, it would have equaled or even surpassed its ""spiritual"" predecessor."
76561197993815207,Not Recommended,272270,30475608,Posted: 12 March,all,(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻,"I've encountered a lot of bugs that cause the game to lock up and freeze, forcing you to play through parts of the game multiple times.  The combat mechanics are pretty simplistic.  Character development isn't very interesting.  The setting is interesting; the storyline is decent; the NPCs are imaginative in description if not in visual presentation.  It's not a good game, but it's a decent experience.  I wouldn't have paid full price for this game though if I had known then what I do now."
,Not Recommended,272270,30919519,Posted: 3 April,all,Truck-Sama,"This is a difficult game to recommend or not recommend.  I'll start off by prefacing: don't buy the game if you expect something on the level of PS:T or BG1-2. It doesn't compare to those favorably at all.As for the actual review, there are a lot of good things going for the game. The world is extremely well developed and rich in lore. I greatly enjoyed just reading all the flavor text spread liberally throughout the game. The story, while nothing unique, is sufficient as a vehicle to get the player through the game. Best of all, the game actually means it when it says you can build any type of character and be successful at clearing the game. I fought a total of four times in the entire game. Then there are the characters, most of which have interesting back stories and designs.Unfortunately, there's a lot to dislike too. While the characters ARE interesting, they're also extremely flat. They never truly progress anywhere with the exception of one, and you only see that development at the very end for a brief moment. Then there's all the lore text: it's ♥♥♥♥ing massive, the equivalent of a hefty novel all on it's own. The combat system is hit or miss, as well, though credit is due to the game as it does allow you to talk your way through even combats. The ending is also unbelievably boring, just a brief conversation at the very end with a generic ""This is what happened after..."" slideshow for the epilogue.I think the worst of it all, however, is just how short the game is. I read through all the flavor text and took my time doing all the quests available and I still finished the game in less than 25 hours. Admittedly, I'm a quick reader, but that's pretty pathetic for a 45 dollar RPG. There's not much replay value to it either, as despite what it says your choices don't actually affect much throughout the game outside of maybe some flavor things.Overall, I'd recommend it if you can get it on sale for about 20 dollars. Otherwise, just wait for it to go on sale or see if inXile  is releasing some amazing DLC or a modding system or something."
,Not Recommended,272270,30453399,Posted: 11 March,all,Ravenheart,"I enjoyed this game for about 10 hours before I realized that there was very little ""game"" to actually enjoy.I love reading. I read as much as I possibly can. I love RPG's.This game is incredibly, infuriatingly boring.In the 18 hours I played, there were *maybe* four battles?The world is deep and engrossing. The story? Not so much. I was too bored to even pay attention to what was supposed to be happening.I'm sad that I wasted so much money on this."
,Not Recommended,272270,30361176,Posted: 6 March,all,Scree,"I kept having this nagging suspicion that the game should have been twice as long. The pacing of content was tedious at times. The first city had dozens of quests, and thats basically why the ending areas probably felt lackluster. Whole areas were created with minimal quests, and almost no interaction between your decisions and the order of completion.This turned into a storyline where any single one of the quests could have been taken out, and you'd never of missed it.Even the core storyline felt discombobulated, all the way up to the end. Sure it had a ""loss of memory"" trope attached to it, but you could very easily see where it was all heading, even if your character avatar couldn't.In the end, the return of Isometric RPGs is a _great_ thing. This particularly isometric RPG, however, was not.I'd recommend a Pillars of Eternity or Tyrant over this title, any day of the week. Thats a shame too. I really ended up loving the universe they'd created, even if you were given only tiny glimpses of it, with limited ability to interact with it. The concept of this universe would have been better suited with an open world experience, and not constrained by the likes of an Isometric RPG. Worse, it seems as if they've set this up for a sequel or ""DLC"" content, with little if any point, story-wise, to return to this game.The big bad evil isn't a bad evil. The actual evil is dead.Buy it if you like really like RPGs; But only if you already own Pillars of Eternity or Tyrant."
76561197983502938,Not Recommended,272270,30285904,Posted: 2 March,all,Helvetica,Turns out the Sorrow just wanted to bore me to death and she's got a charter to prove it!. Whoever wrote this dribble needs to understand pacing and structure. It was a tedious nightmare of telling the player the plot. Learn to SHOW what you are wanting the player to know by making them play through it! But well done your 25 hour game managed to feel like 5 years of exhausting exposition written in the most bland manner possible.And i've not even touched on the actual combat...Or the 20 year old character models...
76561198014757846,Not Recommended,272270,30500003,Posted: 13 March,all,rksarkar,"I was a huge fan of Planescape, so this game comes as an enormous disappointment."
76561197986158937,Not Recommended,272270,31219397,Posted: 18 April,all,Not Sure,"Unfortunately I have not played the original Torment: Planetscape. However, I do have limited insight into this game as a lover of RPG games and such.First, the most obvious problem was the lack of character customization, though there is a detailed description of your character, you can't change anything about it, no options for customization other than gender.The next thing I noticed is the writing, which is good, and too verbose, too wordy. Someone else mentioned that it is writing for writing's sake and that is apt. For excellent writing that conveys meaning and evokes a response I look to Pillars of Eternity. The writing in Torment: Tides feels too clunky, forced, as if it might be trying too hard to impress, whereas in Pillars of Eternity, the writing is crisp, concise, and utterly effective. Also, Baulder's Gate series is a good example of excellent writing.So, unfortunately, I cannot recommend this game."
76561198010599337,Not Recommended,272270,30486593,Posted: 13 March,all,Stay ugly,"Disaster.4 Years of development, 5 millions dollars - crashes in release, freezes in battles, poor scenario, very short and empty game.WAIT FOR DISCOUNTS BEFORE BUY THIS PIECE IF COMMERCIAL NOSTALGY(without a game)"
76561198066619856,Recommended,272270,30145818,Posted: 24 February,all,cntrop,"This game, even though it's only Early Access at the moment and I've only logged about a dozen hours, has been the best buy and greatest gaming experience I've had in nearly twenty years. I was on the fence about it for many weeks. I played the original Torment twenty years ago *in fact I still have the game on CD-ROM in the original flip-out packaging* and was very impressed by it but it was never one of my all time favorites because it wasn't Turn-based combat. And so finally someone got it RIGHT! TToN is a delight for anyone who enjoys substance and depth over Gear scores and Tier-raiding. This wonderful masterpiece is NOT SUITABLE FOR ANYONE WHO:1.Hates to read2.Needs combat every eight minutes or they start licking the wallpaper3.PvP Nazi's; MMO-morons; Macro-blasting Multiboxing Gear-Geeks; Thinks FPS is the metric for joy and self worth.For the rest of us, this is one of those rare games that you lock yourself away with and wish the night was twelve hours longer so you could go even further, solve this newest quest, explore that new area that you just found the entrance. One of those games that you gasp out loud when you realize something or that sits on top of your imagination and sprinkles motes of introspective wonder on to you and leads you to extroverted gasps of surprise when a key plot point clicks into place and half a dozen things all make sense at once and the World gets a full shade richer.Bravo sirs and madams at InXile! And may I humbly ask you for more, more a thousand times More! I await launch day like few days before."
76561198011507524,Recommended,272270,30054095,Posted: 20 February,all,snotpapir,"i picked it up right after it went on early access, even though i thougt it might have been a little overpriced but im a big fan of everything rpg, right from baldurs gate to planescape, so i thought why not?I was so disapointed, the story felt clunky and the game mechanics where just bad, same with the UI.But i gave it another spin recently because i was bored and the reviews where consistently good.And it felt like a new game, i was sucked in after 15 min.Many games either gives you black and white ways to play your characther or try to blur the lines to the extent that you dont really get to nuance you hero (or antihero) in the way you want. Tides of Numenera somehow manages to blur the lines on your choices to the point where you can really agonize over one decision for the longest time, while still giving you the ability too really feel like your making the protagonist yours. I haven't fully enyoed an rpg like this since dragon age origins, and i only tried the beta. I can't wait for the full relase."
,Not Recommended,272270,30454419,Posted: 11 March,all,twl_corinthian,"Disappointingly short. You can spot the moment when the money ran out. Supposedly the game is all about choices and consequences, but in fact the player is constantly railroaded, probably because the devs didn't have the resources to make the game world as reactive as it should have been. Half the game's cool wierd items don't even *do* anything. Unrealized bits of the plot are patched over with lame Choose-Your-Own-Adventure interludes. ""Press X to climb over wall of text"". All the sophomoric fantasy blither would be excusable if Torment were a large game, but it feels a bit like a glorified demo. What a shame."
76561197995482656,Not Recommended,272270,31856746,Posted: 20 May,all,terrycloth,This game is so buggy. How do you tell the inscrutable arcane logic from the quests that are outright broken?And I'm really getting sick of going back and talking to my companions because they randomly decide not to follow me around the map.Kind of regret buying it.
76561198001838693,Not Recommended,272270,30353539,Posted: 6 March,all,Crimson King,"I would love to recommend the game but in it's current state I simply can't. Firstly the good points:+ Incredible world building and atmosphere+ Excellent writing+ Interesting storyline and companions (so far)+ Fairly nice graphics and soundHighly recommended, yes? Well it would be, if not for the bugs. The game crashes frequently. I 'died' during one quest battle, came back and completed it; spoke to the quest- giver and it forced me into the battle again - the game simply refused to acknowledge the completion of the quest.Multiple UI errors: occasionally dialogue text won't scroll correctly meaning it is impossible to click on any dialogue options or continue until you manually scroll the text box. Very annoying.After gaining a certain ability a sound plays whch signals the activation of that ability. The sound is supposed to be temporary. However, when an area is transitioned the sound plays constantly in the background, saving and re-loading doesn't fix this. This is incredibly off-putting and has caused me to stop playing for the short term.Luckily, the developers know about most, if not all of these bugs, so hopefully a patch is incoming. In short, great game with great potential, but could have done with a few more weeks in play-testing to iron out the issues."
76561198031165089,Not Recommended,272270,31889467,Posted: 21 May,all,Dial-up,"I rarely reveiw games so here it goes: this game has potental and room for improvement.Pros: amazing art work, great back story for explaining MOST of the world.Cons a lot of little things that add up to a big thing to my sorrow (pun intended): combat its clunky (should have stuck to planescapes combat system), LACK of random encounters ( like thugs trying to rob/murder you), NEEDS MORE LOOT (even just stuff to sell and also need more places to loot), found the explenation of what the tides where confusing, NEEDS QUEST MARKERS, and MOST IMPORTANTLY the music, it was near nonexistant (music has a way of drawing a person into the world and engage them into critcal situations).over all in all found myself bumbling around alot from thing to thing. i would play it again if at very least some decent music was added.Need more polish."
76561198027274943,Recommended,272270,30236376,Posted: 28 February,all,Bastell,"Amazing game, depth and scope is huge. Ive finished chapter 1 and it took me just over 17 hours to finish, still not sure if I did everything. So much to do so little time..."
76561197983239144,Not Recommended,272270,30328602,Posted: 4 March,all,Lurker,"Don't buy this game.The early access, while an overall poor experience, worked for me.  Now that the game has been fully released, it crashes whenever I try to play it.  Meanwhile, I have no problem playing any other games, on Steam or otherwise.  This game has been riddled with bugs since early access, and it doesn't seem to be any better now.The real-time-with-pause action that was promised was replaced with turn-based.  Why?  Because turn-based action works better for consoles, and the studio wanted to market the game to console players, rather than to the PC community alone.  Nevermind that its the PC community that originally played Planescape: Torment, and therefore its the PC community that they should have been working to please.  All that one need know is that the studio wanted more money, so they butchered their combat system in order to make it easier on themselves.I can't refund the game, so its cash down the drain for me.  That'll teach me to buy into an early access game - lesson learned."
76561198062284493,Recommended,272270,30298904,Posted: 3 March,all,lukasz.sam,"Uhh... that's rather hard recommendation to give but I'm gonna recommend it despite the fact that this game is very much flawed - and that's recommendation only for people that already played Planescape: Torment. If you didn't - go play it now and if you like it and want more of it then consider Tides of Numenera.Why? Because Tides of Numenera is fundamentally an echo, imitation ... a castoff of true masterpiece. It has similar themes, similar structure, protagonist in similar situation and even some similar weaknesses (combat is weakest part of both games), but its just not as good.You can say that is what we wanted: another Torment, but at the same time I feel like this game could be quite a lot better if it would told its own story, something new, different and weird, something unique.So what worked and what didn't?Setting - both Planescape and Numenera are weird, but weird in very good way, both are colorful and exotic but also dark, twisted and cruel when they need to. So while I feel that Planescape with stronger focus on beliefs and philosophies is better of two, both settings are great.Cities - both games are very much city-centric and cities in Tides are just as great as Sigil. Definitely best part of this game is exploring Cliffs and Bloom (especially Bloom), talking to their inhabitants and solving their problems.Story - just as I wrote earlier  Tides of Numenera tries hard to tell similar story to PT instead of creating something unique. Effects are well... serviceable, but I doubt I will even remember it in few months. Thankfully side quests and conversations were well written and generally interesting.Companions - while I rather liked all companions i traveled with they are rather uninspired... I'mean you have that wonderfully weird settings and all of the companions are human? Why? PT gave us flying skull, succubus-turn-good, walking suit of armor and other just as unique personas... why in Tides we don't travel in company of mutants, sentient machines or otherworldy creatures with utterly alien perspectives on current events?Combat - combat was weak in PT... its actually even worse in Tides - at least  as mage in PT you have tons of interesting spells, most powerful of which even had their own pre-rendered cut-scenes. Here your abilities are boring, your opponents are boring and stupid, strategical depth is non-existent, everything is way too easy (and there is no difficulty setting) unless you are outnumbered and your opponents will be first in initiative and straight up murders half of your party before your first move. Its probably worst combat I've seen in any cRPG (with exception of some really low budget indie).Graphic - character models and effects (i.e. spells) are poor, backgrounds... some are quite good, some lack polish, few are weak. I don't want to compare Tides and PT because of age difference - so instead I'm going to say that Tides looks little worse than Pillars of Eternity or Tyranny, but still good enough."
76561198116262352,Not Recommended,272270,30346666,Posted: 5 March,all,Deathjester,"When i bought this game i was excited, i had waited for some time for it to be released.I remember the old planescape torment, and while it wasn't THE best game out there i did enjoy it and found the story to be intriguing.The same cannot be said for this game, while it seems a vast and lifelike game, i quickly realized that the game isn't actually that big, the areas are anything but lifelike, and it feels....""unfinished"".Like it was supposed to be something better, somethingbiggerbut they ran out of time.The companions you get in the game seem very interesting, but after exhausting their initial dialogue offer very little besides that, all the items in the game have interesting uses and history, but on the other hand you find hardly any variety in armors or weapons.In fact there are only 6 light armors in the game, and they lookincredibly, hideouslyUGLYFor me, wearing armor that suits the look of the main character is important, i don't want to run around in shiny silver spandex shooting energy bolts at enemies.I could use heavy armor on my nano, but the penalties for that are quite staggering.The combat is nice, although primitive, most fights can be won other ways than fighting, you can avoid some fights alltogether by talking your way out.I was expecting a diamond in the rough like pillars of eternity, but instead i'm left with a zirconia, it's nice to look at, but it's not the same thing.EDIT: Forgot to add about all the game breaking bugs in the game, a few times i've had to kill the game from the task manager because it went completely unresponsive during a crisis (combat) and a few other times when something was supposed to happen during a cutscene, but instead nothing happened and the game was stuck endlessly in that cutscene.EDIT:To be fair, after completing this game, the story is the stuff of legends, whoever made the dialogue and made up the story and the lore is a keeper, he or she made some really good stories.  Unlike some developers nowadays *cough* *Bioware!* *cough*The execution of the game fell short and the game felt like it was missing something, the story itself almost makes this a positive review.... almost."
,Not Recommended,272270,30380626,Posted: 7 March,all,AirLonnie,"Its a giant book. I mean there is so much text in this game....the characters are not deep at all. Your team mates are pretty interesting. Wanna learn more about em? Too bad, the game ended. Its entirely too short. I mean I feel like this game was shorter than Tyranny.I believe there are 3 main hubs. They are all incredibly small. Sheesh, what a let down. How did it take so many years to make this?"
76561198050827199,Not Recommended,272270,30347504,Posted: 5 March,all,Telmah,"This game is a fraud and I would recommend against buying it.I go back a long time with Planescape: Torment, so I was ecstatic when I learned about the kickstarter for Tides. Naturally, I became a backer of this game during the kickstarter and eagerly waited to start playing it. Having finished the first playthrough, I am sorely disappointed. Before I explain why, I'd like to point out that this game is extremely text-heavy and players who aren't prepared to spend about 80% of their time reading should avoid it regardless of the reviews being positive or negative.My main source of frustration is the fact that the devs cut the content that had been promised in the Kickstarter project. I understand that this isn't rare regarding crowdfunding, but it is a scummy, dishonest business policy and borderline fraud which would prevent me from recommending this game even were it good, and it isn't.To give credit where credit is due, the game mechanics are pretty solid. From character development to the item system,  Tides of Numenera is a streamlined, yet complex RPG. There are some improvements that could have been made, but the game is very satisfactory from a game mechanics perspective. Still, Planescape: Torment's best and most important attribute was the story, and Tides is pretty weak in that regard. Firstly, the game is very short. My playthrough was pretty thorough, yet I was finished about 30 hours in. For a game which spent so long a period in development and whose Kickstarter was considered a major success, I consider anything less than 50 hours a disappointment, and I was hoping for something like The Witcher 3, where you could easily spend 100 hours.*the rest of the review contains spoilers*Leaving behind game mechanics, I will comment on the story from the perspective of the plot, setting and the underlying philosophy.The setting is bizarre and interesting and has a proper tormentesque vibe. It is based on a tabletop roleplaying game by Monte Cook, and I will gladly take the game up if I ever return to pen and paper gaming. At times the game was a tad too bizarre for my taste, but this isn't a major minus and many people will probably like it. The plot is a good fit for the general style of the game and the setting. Although it is nothing near to being spectacular, the small amount of story this game has is pretty good.What makes the game intrinsically bad is the superficial philosophy behind it, despite several neat touches, such as the Lascar side-quests symbolizing religion. The primary question, ""What does one life matter?"", is tied to the primary story in a very loose way. One problem is the fact that this question is very wide, especially in comparison to the question posed by Planescape: Torment, ""What can change the nature of a man?"" PsT's question was interwoven in the storyline and by the time Ravel asks for your answer you have had plenty of time to seedifferent perspectives on this problem. In Numenera, the question feels forced. If we ignore wild interpretations and the places where such a wide question is inherently linked to the standard fantasy themes, it is hard to see how it relates to the primary story beyond the two times it is directly asked. Even when it is inherent in some problem which often appears in fantasy games, it doesn't seem to be significantly more developed than usual. What I felt was the main philosophical point of the story is a rather lame bioconservative eulogy of death. In very short and simple terms, The Changing God is fighting to prolong his life and The Sorrow tells you that prologing one's life inherently harms other people, so it should be stopped. I don't think that there is an ending which is further from this philosophy than the one I chose, and in my ending The Sorrow and the Last Castoff agreed not to kill any castoffs at that time, but The Sorrow forbade the creation of any further castoffs and also promised to slaughter them later on. This kind of ending is highly unsatisfying, especially as I wasn't very interested in the internal castoff-changing god issues since I perceived The Sorrow as the primary enemy. Although I could say that I am a quite radical transhuanist on the issue of death, I would be more than interested to see a nuanced bioconservative argument in this sort of a game. The problem is that the argumentation present in Numenera is quite flimsy and reductible to saying that simply living is harming other people. Even this argumentation lies on a very symbolic reading of the Tides, but without it I would be hard pressed to find one developed central philosophical argument in the entire game. In that respect, the philosophy of the game is quite under-developed even if my interpretation is lacking. Of course, I am open to the possibility that I missed something, but I feel that the philosophical background of the game is simply bad. The solid but short story and mecahincs don't compensate for this deficit in my books.tldr; Regardless of the story, I wouldn't recommend Tides of Numenera because of the dishonest business practice regarding its Kickstarter project. The setting is great and the story and mechanics of the game are reasonably sound, although the story is very short. But the philosophical background, which is crucial for a Torment game, is lacking and that makes the entire game unsatisfying. Despite the negative review, the story and especially the setting are interesting enough to potentially be of interest if you could get the game at a significant discount, for something like 10-15$."
,Not Recommended,272270,30395214,Posted: 8 March,all,TheRaven7,"there's 6 endings and all of them are badnone of them are tied to the choices you make the whole game so it's basically Mass Effect 3 times 2the game itself is not just a spiritual successor to Planescape: Torment, but copies so much at points you start calling characters by the names from the first gameit's still somewhat fun to play but if you're hoping for an experience on par with Planescape: Torment, pass or wait for this game to be on deep sale"
76561198019283303,Recommended,272270,35170733,Posted: 23 September,all,cowcrusher,"If you know what to expect, this is an absolutely amazing, uniquely original, and thoroughly rewarding game. If you’re expecting nail-biting combat, labyrinthian skill trees, oodles of loot, and a robust class system…this is not the game for you. However, if you’re after detailed and rich storytelling, complex characters, and an immersive and unexpected world that demands your focus and attention, then look no further.In some ways, I was fortunate in coming to this game late, as it gave me a chance to read lots of reviews and reactions. I can definitely understand how it may have been mis-marketed early on, setting up some false expectations, but I think enough time has passed that the game can be understood and judged for what is now, rather than for what people were expecting it to be.Furthermore, I was actually drawn to this game specifically due to some of the things that others have complained about. Chiefly: the insane amount of text (serious, this makes War and Peace look like a pamphlet), and the lack of combat. In short, this game offers an alternate take on what an RPG can be, and that’s exactly what I was looking for.Still, there are pros and cons. Other reviews here have done a better job of this, but here are some that stand out for me.I really like how combat is handled. An encounter is called a “crisis”, and there are multiple ways to resolve it that don’t require fighting. Essentially, based on how you want to play the game and types of characters you build, you can choose to either take a social approach (lie, bribe, intimidate, etc), a mechanical approach (lore, repair, manipulating things), or the old standby of fighting. This gave me more choices as to how I wanted to play a scenario, based on how I was feeling at that time, and it also gives the game more replayability. My first play through (based on someone else’s advice) focused on the social skills (I basically lied my way through most encounters, which was great), but now I’m curious to go through again with a different focus. And, as I said, it’s nice to take a break from hack-n-slash once in a while. The flipside is that each crisis, no matter what approach you take, is unfairly stacked against you. Things usually go terribly wrong (you’re always outnumbered, never have enough supplies, and AI is irritating). You will die a lot, but that’s actually the point. Much like Planescape, death is merely a gateway to another realm, with it’s own set of quests and characters and things to do, and then you can easily re-enter the world of the living and try again (note that there are a few deaths which are permanent, so saving frequently is still a good idea).The other criticism of combat is true: there isn’t much of it. For a game of this length, there are probably no more than a dozen crisis encounters. Maybe that’s an exaggeration, but combat was very, very, very few and far between. However, each crisis is a major event, so they make up for frequency with complexity. Some of the encounters can require a long-haul commitment and take quite a while to get through, so that also makes up for the lack of numbers.Now, if the lack of combat is a turn off for you, then it’s best to give the game a pass. However, in my opinion, it more than makes up for the reduced role that fighting takes, by expanding on some of the other things that role playing can offer. Things like story, character building, choices, exploration, interactions, are all extremely rich, detailed and rewarding.And I suppose that’s where the other justified criticism comes in. All of the aforementioned role playing elements are almost entirely text based. Yes this is a modern game with visuals, sounds, and UI…but the heart is un-abashedly old-school text. Seriously, reams and reams of it. However, the writing is, with few exceptions, fantastic. And sometimes, the images conjured in my imagination are more powerful than anything a visual could render. The scenes, descriptions, ideas, dialog and details are simply mesmerizing. This is a thoroughly constructed and very deep world. It is worth every syllable.You do run into some hammy lines now and then, but considering the sheer volume of text, a few throw-away phrases hardly dent the epicness of the whole. I can’t stress enough just how rich and imaginative this game is. There are enough ideas in here for a hundred games, if not more. Some are fanciful, others disturbing, and yet others quite profound.  Ultimately whatever you do think of the game, there are many ideas and images in here that will stay with you for a very long time. Maybe haunt is the better word. This is also true to the mood of the game, as it is just as cruel as it is verbose. This is a painful, spiteful, gruesome, and utterly disgusting world that you are inhabiting. Nothing turns out well, for anyone, ever. But it’s also insatiably riveting.The only other complain that I might add, which isn’t a bad thing depending on your viewpoint, is that items and trade are rather disappointing. There is finite number of items in the this game, and finite number of merchants who have a finite amount of money. Maybe I’m just spoiled by games where looting is a reward, and trading is a skill. Not so here. If you get carried away and use up all the healing potions, life will suck for you, as there are no more. And the merchants are dirt poor, so you’re never going to get rich, which is fine as there’s nothing of interest to buy anyway. The most coveted objects in the entire game world are the Numenera themselves. These are basically single purpose objects that can do amazing, deadly, or powerful things in combat and beyond. And the whole Numenera system is really cool and well executed in the game…BUT there are just so darn few of them in the world that I wound up hoarding them, rather than using them, because I wasn’t sure I’d ever find more. As for the weapons, there’s almost zero point in trying to upgrade. The difference it makes in a crisis is minimal, and there just aren’t many options to choose from. Not to say there aren’t surprises, the Merecasters are fun, for example. When activated they essentially launch you immediately into a mini side quest, a sort of choose-your-own-adventure. Depending on how you do, you might gain a bonus or something from them, plus they’re a nice departure from the main narrative.Despite any minor flaws, I definitely recommend this game to anyone looking to try something that’s beyond the rote RPG. It’s very rare for me to want another playthrough of a game. But I do have to honestly say that I will revisit Torment in the future, and I wish there were more like it. Imagination will always be more powerful than spectacle."
76561197983888238,Not Recommended,272270,30307002,Posted: 3 March,all,Zhool,"What, 4,5,6 years for this terd?- Feels like an awkward Baldurs Gate- Stiff character movement- Main character is consistantly treated like some kind of dummy- Should be called ""Adjectives Of Numenera"". I love a lot of story/text but this read like a 8th grade Creative Writing project. Not EVERY noun needs an adjective.- Graphics are about 12 years out of date.- Combat unsatisfying- Insulting price tag- Very low amount of character personalization.- In a nutshell: Clunky. awkward, annoying and ugly.If you're missing those great old school iso games stay away and play Baldurs Gate."
76561198006109998,Not Recommended,272270,30509772,Posted: 14 March,all,oXEimearXo,"Tedious battle system, very boring, I ended up avoiding as many fights as I could. Also why is this game so short? I was completely floored by how fast I finished it. The number of locations is tiny, and then most of them game involves running back and forth through the same 3 maps. Really disappointed."
76561198025998254,Not Recommended,272270,30377308,Posted: 7 March,all,Sep!,"Hello internet travelers!The new torment is a wonderful game. But I expected much more and I don't recommend it! Why? Bellow.The end confrontation/fight was ... funny at its best. The end reminded me of Guardian of the galaxy the movie. Build up build up build up and *LETS DANCE* as end fight :D No epic ending totally turned the Tides (LOL) for me.Story is great. There are choices/consequences. Athmosphere is dark mature grotesque even. But that is it.Combat (to my humble opinion) is crap. I don't mind turn based combat but in Torment: Tides of Numenera there are no tactical choices no variety enemies or encounters. Yes you can talk with your enemies, but other than that blunt and repetative. For a RPG veteran like me (who loves a good fight) it was just lame.Torment 1 had bloody animiation and films for spells! And hell lot of weapons.  Here you get few skills IF you are lucky and Itemisation is terrible. Few weapons and armors. Tons of one time use items. The game's strenght is NOT combat or cisises. Companions are OKish, not too great not too bad. But nothing memorable (again personal opinion).The main antagonist or antagonists are almost until the end with no backstory and even when directly confronted the explanation for WHY and WHO are not not enough. *I am sorrow and I am ancient and I am bad but I am bad to prevent other bad people to make bad things*Almost no voiceover! I love reading but voiceover in 2017 is a must for a game. Especially one that much anticipated.Game is 40-45 hours of playing at best. For the price of tripple A title.That are just few of the things I didn't like about Torment: Tides of Numenera.Again a wonderful game BUT a terrible successor to the first game.6/10"
,Not Recommended,272270,31470001,Posted: 30 April,all,rusdinjac,"This is not a bad game. It is enjoyable enough to beat it once. putting it in the same league as ""Planescape: Torment"" is just wrong. calling it the spiritual successor is a slap in the face to anyone who played Torment. I can't in good faith give it my reccomendation while it is making that claim."
76561197998538689,Not Recommended,272270,30266573,Posted: 1 March,all,Pelmaleon,"Not happy with the devs' choices to make the game turn based, give no option for difficulty levels, spend a large portion of their Kickstarter resources to release the game on PS4 and XBOX1 (which also comes with the consolization of certain aspects of the game), and have a sloppy-looking UI. The game isn't bad by any means and if there was a ""one thumbs up one thumbs down"" option I'd choose that, but seeing as there are a ton of short-sighted fanboys who will praise this game, no matter its faults and false promises of a ""spiritual successor to Planescape: Torment"", I think it's wise to balance out the game's score by pushing it towards a mixed score so the devs get a big hint. The game is good and if you want a well written ""choose your own adventure"", then definitely pick it up. But if you were looking for a tactical crpg which also had a well written world and story, then you will be unfortunately let down and your trust in inXile will be at an all time low. It seems that inXile don't have many true fans of the charming, challenging crpg greats (Baldur's Gate 1+2+Planescape:Torment) working for them, because they have greatly missed the mark with both this game and after seeing Wasteland 2's overt faults."
,Not Recommended,272270,30624124,Posted: 19 March,all,Kal,"This is the only game I've ever had refunded on Steam. To call it an RPG is a stretch, at best. It's a choose your own adventure in graphical form. The combat, on the rare occasion that it happens, is flavorless and utterly unsatisfying. The story seemed decent enough, but one has to navigate endless walls of text to get to any of it. What could be said in two sentences is instead spread over three paragraphs in two different conversation branches. I get it, there's nostalgia for the old IE games, I loved them too, but part of what made those games great was there was story AND gameplay. I WANTED this game to be good so badly. Instead, I paid $45 for a poorly illustrated graphic novel that droned on and on about mundane details."
76561197999499972,Recommended,272270,30033803,Posted: 19 February,all,Sehnsucht,Very good story so far/interesting world. Can´t wait for the final product!
76561198094184625,Recommended,272270,30241731,Posted: 28 February,all,Rectal Wizard,It won't get closer to Planescape: Torment than this. Brilliant.
76561198087356505,Recommended,272270,30254891,Posted: 28 February,all,Tranx,"An awesome game that has plenty of role-playing opportunities for your character. The world is jam packed full of lore that is well presented, with many memorable characters. If your not into reading text, it probably isn't the game for you. Those of you who have played it's spiritual predecessor ""Planescape: Torment"" will know what to expect. I've found it to be a fun and immersive experience, with an emphasis on choosing a path and dealing with the consequences."
,Recommended,272270,30347355,Posted: 5 March,all,Avatorn,"11 Hours In and I still strongly recommend this game.TLDR; Torment: ToN is more captivating than Pillars of Eternity and has an equally if not stronger story than Baldur's Gate 1/2.  It's weakness is its combat, but combat is intentionally ""crises"" for a reason, they're challenging and sparse.  Still, this by no means overshadows the beauty that is Tides of NumeneraPro's:Possibly one of the best (and bizarre) stories this milleniaDecent depth to character developmentHigh replay value (unable to see it all in one play-through)Con's:Sparse Combat (I wouldn't say it's clunky but certainly complicated)Annoying sound effect when starting conversation (once you hear it 100+ times....)Score:Gameplay: 10Character Development: 8.5Music: 8Sound Effects 6Combat: 7Replay Value: 9Overall: 8.8 (not an average)"
76561197970580312,Not Recommended,272270,30358390,Posted: 6 March,all,Andrew,"I love RPG's and I'm not too picky. This however is really difficult for me to get into and I cannot recommend it uless it goes on sale.Usually the story grips me, so when the prospect of playing a meat bag of a god through use of technological wonders presented itself, then I grabbed it up.The reason I can't get into this title, and hopefully that will change, is because this just isn't a fun game. My interest in it also corroded when I began reading bad dialogue. People complain about the voice actors, but I liked most of the voices when they were in Tyranny, The problem is that there are some stupid dialogues in this game; at least in the very beginning.So this company makes good titles and I'm glad they put their foot forward, even if it didn't seem like it was their best foot. Therefore, I will try and rank current RPG titles and if you have the same taste as I do then hopefully this will help you better understand if you should wait for a 50% sale.1) Tyranny2) Wasteland 23) Pillars of Eternity4) (insert a RPG here)5) (insert a RPG here)6) (insert a RPG here)7) (insert a RPG here)8) (insert a RPG here)9) South Park Stick of Truth10) Planescape: Tides of Numenera"
76561197970673574,Recommended,272270,30283086,Posted: 2 March,all,Exmatrix,"This game is what happens when you let a genious write a story.It is not for the impatiant or ADHD player, but rather for inteligent and open minded players who like sinking into a perception challenging world."
76561198052377869,Recommended,272270,30281818,Posted: 2 March,all,notkrd,"The most imaginative and teeming rpg world I've encountered. It is heavily focused on setting, and the influence of setting on characters, sometimes more than on the characters themselves; the gameplay can be lackluster but the art & interactive fiction are exceptional"
,Not Recommended,272270,30728528,Posted: 25 March,all,chiffaN,"Hey Folks,First of all I would like to give a shoutout to all the wonderful developers over at InXile who made a bold attempt at bringing a true spiritual successor to one of the best RPGs of all time - Planescape Torment.The road to hell is paved by good intentions...I have been psyching myself up to do this review for some time now, it's been around a week or so since I finished Torment. Also, I would like to note that I have not been an original backer, though I did pledge around mid 2015 directly on the site. I am highlighting this to mark that I have not been emotionally involved in the Kickstarter process and have no idea about the stretch goals and the subsequent delivery on those.I have thoroughly enjoyed PS:T back in the days and loved Wasteland 2 even before the directors cut came out, which made all the better.Pre-game:I know it sounds a bit stupid, but the Main Menu screen looks like it has been done by High School student. It threw me off whenever I booted up the game. I very much enjoyed the way the game preselected a character type for you based on a series of answers and I actually ended up playing the proposed one. But the lack of appearance customization just plain killed me. I couldn't even choose a portrait!!!Graphics:I played on my work laptop with built-in Intel Graphics so I definitely did not have the chance to experience the full power of T:ToN. The backgrounds and environment looked gorgeous, though all of the characters - much less so. And for some strange reason the vast majority of NPCs are actually missing any kind of portrait. Combine this with poorly detailed models, zoomed out screen and literally walls of text you end up feeling like reading a book rather than playing a game. Imagination has to run wild, otherwise there is simply no connection.General Gameplay:I actually very much enjoyed the stat pool mechanic, it felt like an interesting and fresh approach. That said the balance is completely off, nanos rule supreme, majority of stat checks are Intelligence and you can actually brute force the rest just by having enough stat pool points available.I made my playthrough opting for a non violent route and I could I mostly got away with it safe for a few hard coded battles where I could actually resolve them in a nonviolent matter within the Crisis itself. But make no mistake, I did not like those moments or solutions as they felt forced and breaking the pace of the game.Combat:Speaking about the pace - any combat is just horribly slow. Every enemy turn took at least 4-5 seconds just to get them moving!!! Having a mage-like characters I never felt underpowered but I was dissapointed with the variety of spells and weapons at my disposal. And the cyphers were just plain dumb - I haven't used a single one during the game. Overall the combat felt like a last minute add-on on top of the game just for the sale of having it without any proper mechanic or item support.Story:The overall plot while not a revelation by any stretch of the imagination is decent with a nice twist or two. The companions however are a complete disgrace. There is no romantic interest, the dialogues do not get further than 2 levels down. There is only 1 quest per companion and even those are just solved almost automatically as you clear out the game areas.The dying mechanic - a cornerstone of PS:T is completely tagged on just for show. It's a struggle even just to get killed, but when you do - it's a smallLabyrinth area with nothing to do there safe for a couple of 10min sidequests of kill/stun them allThe overarching plot itself is far too short, progressing in leaps as you move from one area to the other. I absolutely loved the depth of the world hinted at but T:ToN failed miserably in exploring it. All information is given in walls and walls of text. And don't even get me started on the Meres.They are just lazy game development. On one hand they require you to do tons of reading and tough choices, without hinting on what is a better/worse one and absolutely NO RETURN. That's right, you need to spend up to half-hour reading, hoping the stat pool check pan out, etc just to have zero impact back in the game. No perks or loot or anything. Initially I thought that after  you finish a mere the respective castoff would appear in the labyrinth. Nope.Interface:Is just plain horrible. The text is prevalent up to occupying almost half of the screen when in dialog. The inventory screen is dominated by the cypher section, which almost is useless. The amount of equippable slots on the characters is akin to an action/rpg and the inventory itself is showing no more than 2 rows at a time. Also, during the game you come upon a lot of items, called oddities, which are very confusing as what to do with them. Some you are able to use and even get a permanent bonus, others you can transform to artifacts, some you can actually use in quests.  So it's difficult to tell what you can safely sell. Which in the end is not that much of a problem since anyway there is little interesting to buy.Summary:However much I wanted to love it I was very much dissapointed with T:ToN. And it was made even worse because I saw that with just a few shifts in priorities in presentation and story it could've been so much better. The sheer amount of writing has come before everything else. Walls and walls of text meet you everywhere. If some of that effort was spent on expanding the item list, the skills and abilities, the companion quests, the portraits and overall locations  - it would have been a much more enjoyable experience.Queue: rotten tomatoes."
76561198039366749,Recommended,272270,30268031,Posted: 1 March,all,Ihnspyre,"Certainly not a game for everyone, if you know what you can expect from T:ToN (reading, slow gameplay, immersive world, complex rules), then you'll have a good time. Otherwise you might misjudge it."
,Not Recommended,272270,30334007,Posted: 5 March,all,El Noño,"You can read minds, but can not act on or talk about what you learnt that way.To me it sums up how the game is designed. There's a lot of things to read, but not a lot the writers will allow you to do. Push to the first ""social"" encounter,namely the public trial in the fist city, to get a good feeling of why I asked for a refund: it tries (too) hard but it is generic, eveything feels out of place, and it manages to be visually less interesting than PT.I'll wait for a discount and some updates to give it another shot."
,Recommended,272270,31797446,Posted: 16 May,all,Fragment6,"Most of the complaints I've seen for T:ToN seem to be the very drawing features of the game. It is wordy. It is heavily reliant on narrative/text to push the story forward and world build. Some of the text has been called ""pointless"" because it merely describes unnecessary things, but it succeeds in creating a sense of immersion.The combat isn't the best, but it's nowhere near the worst either. You can spend almost the entire game without dealing with combat if you choose, but, even when you do get into combat, once you get the hang of it, it flows pretty smoothly. It's definitely a step up from Planescape, which had some of the worst combat in isometric rpg history.I definitely enjoyed this game. My favorite game is most likely Planescape: Torment, and this, while being refreshingly different in some ways, is a worthy spiritual successor. Could it have been better? Of course! Having expectations of it being as intricate, deep, or having the same level of engagement as the former will hinder your enjoyment because the former was a masterpiece. This game however definitely holds its own with the best of the isometric narrative rpgs of old."
,Recommended,272270,30321483,Posted: 4 March,all,MjK,"I've not finished yet, but I have to make a review now. I'm kinda motivated by my feels.Tides of Numenera delivers what I expected a good main story with rich interactions, deep characters. We are about to play Mass Effect: Andromeda and spend most of the game shooting at poorly designed aliens (it's supposed to be in another galaxy but yet it's full of biped humanoid races :')) with tumblr-written companions in a manichean plot self-centered on ""MAH HUMANITY"".Guys... Why would you ask for combats in this game ? I bled enough from the♥♥♥♥♥during the Eb fight in PoTD difficulty in Tyranny. I will do endless battle in Andromeda for fetch quests.Do I need to whine about the lack of challenging/reward combat system ? Hell no.""Huehue. This isn not Planescape: Torment, huehue"" Oh ? Really. Let me remind you my very first game of Planescape back in the days:>Be me.>Be 13 yo>Starts Planescape: Torment>Too lazy to read everying>Ends up in Sewer&gt♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by rats, starts fighting, get gangraped>Dies in 99% of the fight I started.>Uninstall this, blame the world for this♥♥♥♥♥♥tier rpg.Why was my first Planescape experience this bad ? Because I didn't read carefuly. I went full retard and tried to fight everything. Combat system was not elaborate, it was punitive as ♥♥♥♥ the only way I could enjoy Planescape was growing up and take my time to READ about Sigil and those characters.Tides of Numenera is exactly the same.This game is about a big story into a multiverse full of details and awesome discoveries (also cheesy ones :p). Don't cry because it's focused on the story. If you are a RPG lover, you can balance this with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story-written game with c00l graphics and a lot of battle like Dragon Age: Inquisition ?You may be mad at inExhile because they didn't deliver what we all expected THE GOTY-MOUNTAINDEW-ACCLAIMED-REWARDSWINNING Gamu. But don't bash this game, it's a very good moment.I'm currently playing a deceptive/persuasive jack strongly golden in tides. It's a pure selfless kind-hearted cast-off and I encoutered an event in the game which makes me very proud of my choice.You can recruit a little girl, Rhin. She's held by a slave-master who is a cast-off. She uses Rhin as a ♥♥♥♥ing punchingball for her tides surges (which is cruel).If you get Rhin with you and free her from this sadistic ♥♥♥♥♥, you can leave Rhin at her fate, you can't leave her to some kind of orphenage (House of Empty Time), you can keep her with you till the very end... Or send her back to her home.During my adventure, I gave the Love she needed, I showed the importance of being selfless and helping people in needs. (Golden tides). I helped her to get back to her home. She hugged me and said me farewell.I was sad... I left the little girl I cared. She wasn't the greatest asset with her ""stupid"" god-rock and her unability to use weapons but she was a birght spark into this savage multiverse.And later... From a portal, gues who's back ? Rhin, as an adult. In an armor, coming to help me and telling me she has become something. Because of me, because of the bound of love. It may sounds lame & gay, quite stereotypical. But come on... She's the exact consequences of what I played with her.I feel like my choices with her, reward me... I regret nothing. Having her in my group instead of this dumb Erritis (who hit like a truck), trying to confort her under the pragmatical sight of Callistege etc...Thanks you inExhile for this moment. That was a great experience. And I've not finished the game yet.I have to say for the very first time I've played a CRPG in my mother tongue (which is french) because the translation is quite good. Really. Nothing looked awkward when I read ton of texts from npcs across the 9th world.Don't bother with the tones of negative reviews... If you are curious, you like reading and you want to live a story where your choices matter. Just go, enjoy. ♥♥♥♥ the rest.Other RPGs will balance the ""lack of"" you'll find in Tides of Numenera."
76561198033086130,Not Recommended,272270,32707243,Posted: 23 June,all,LSBN,"i wanna like this game, but the pools system is the dumbest thing i've ever encountered in a game ever. i feel like if you train a skill you should just be able to do the thing and pools should be used to give you better results or more information. its a classic example of a mechanic from a pen and paper game not translating well to a pc game.EDIT: as for reactive failure, let me just say this: early on you have a chance to recruit a guy by stopping his friend from getting executed. you can either forge a document or get the crowd watching to revolt. you must convince four people in the crowd to get rowdy. i failed one check but got three of them to feel like attacking the cops. the game then did not do anything. its not reactive. its either you pass the check and X happens or you don't pass the check and X doesn't happen.so yeah, ""craft your own narrative"" my foot."
76561198001364430,Not Recommended,272270,30765060,Posted: 26 March,all,haff,brian fargo is a fraud and inxile is a ponzi scheme
76561197997089521,Not Recommended,272270,30661028,Posted: 21 March,all,#DWB#Diamond Says,"I just didnt like it, some of the dialoges and quest are in my opinion just stupid. I dont find the world itself to be that nice either.I found myself trying to push through the game to see if i would change my mind the longer i went into game but it didnt happen.I cant recommend this game when you got legendary games like BG series and ID, i also find PoE better and tyrannt.  And if you want the best game of them all which is planscape torment, go buy that instead."
76561197975744062,Not Recommended,272270,31919851,Posted: 23 May,all,stuguy909,"I liked Planescape Torment.  I hate this game.  From the very beginning, I just could not get into this game.  The very intro sequence to being totally clueless about everything, to the first combat sequence.  This game is a boring turd.  I just never got hooked in.  Couldn't find my way past the mountains of useless text that failed to capture what I was really thinking.  Pillars of Eternity is decent, and Tyranny was fun.  This game, however, ugh."
,Recommended,272270,29658154,Posted: 2 February,all,bobrodobro,"Just a few thoughtsIt's better then PoE (Pillars of Eternity YOU ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S!). It's more interesting. I don't say PoE is bad, but PoE texts were often sooooooo booooooring I wanted to skip them.TToN instead has incredibly interesting story and lore. I realy love every sentence of it and it has A LOT of them :)And I can't compare it with DOS, they are very different. But I can compare it with Tyranny which also has interesting story and very good voice acting. Comparing to it TToN has less voice acted lines. At least in this demo part of the game until it's released.One of the strong gameplay features of TToN which levates it over the rest is variativeness of your walkthrough. You can achieve your goal in many ways.And the story is the main and ultimate benefit here. Last time I was so interested in studying the game world was playing Planescape Torment. One billion years in future is coolest idea in a long time. Also games role mechanics feels fresh and not so dull as all those old classic ones.I strongly recommend this game, despite I REALLY HATE some of it's animations and idle poses (which are really poorly done) and lack of sound efffects, TToN is deffinetly worth of attention."
76561198031624161,Not Recommended,272270,30439834,Posted: 10 March,all,(YONED!)NZgrumpyCatJared,"i didn't know what to expect from this game. i followed it a few months ago, read the updates , jumped on the hype wagon . and brought it as soon as it came out.i should have waited, The much talked about tides system (where nearly everytime you have a convosation your tides shift to match your answers ) had no effect what-so ever on the game that i could tell. Your fellow group members back stories and games stories where non eventsThe combat made very little sence at all. the level up system was quite bazzar as well. towards the end of the game i got what i thought was some very good combat skills. that i got to use about 4 times the whole gameI actually had to force myself to finish the game as i lost interest towards the endthis game feels like at points its going to be amazing. but just didn't do it for me. No recommend from me for the price i paid $80 NZ"
76561198009975303,Not Recommended,272270,30427553,Posted: 10 March,all,Khyron,"I'll try to be as on point and brief as possible about my main gripes:Skill system.In conversations you often have the option to use intellect, speed and might to get whichever result you find most appealing.This is a good thing. The problem occurs when your companions can help you with this, because the overall difficulty is below meaningless.It's like it's designed to not let you fail. Even if you do fail one skillcheck, you'll be provided with a second chance or simply getting what you wanted either way by some other conversation option.Add to this that you have more than enough chances to Rest and replenish your stat pools, or simply using ""heal potions"" for any given stat pool. The money to buy any of this is also very abundant.Combat/Crisis:The difficulty here depends a bit on how you build your character and choice of companions, but it's never come off as very challenging in any way.The system itself feels sluggish and slow as I spend 99% of the time in a crisis looking at the enemy go through it's movement/attack animations.Story:Decent? I don't know.. I haven't finished the game, nor am I likely to.I've been a fan of all the infinity engine games (IWD,BG,PS:T) since their first release and always loved a game rich on lore and dialogue/interaction.. but ToN is just disappointing and bland.The writing is so try-hard that it's actually tedious and it feels like the writers sat down with the intention of writing something that is really just difficult to get through.For all the fancy words, phrases and variety of vocabulary it transfers very little meaning.I guess some like that though, to be swimming in a sea of words and phrases just to describe a wooden spoon.Conclusion:It just feels like a missed chance at making something great, it's mediocre at best.. and I wish I hadn't paid for it."
,Not Recommended,272270,30347433,Posted: 5 March,all,Oloremo,"Nice story, great setting, yet somehow its very shallow game.Each companion has a good story to tell, but they dont react to 95% of your actions.Starting from the middle of the game all skill checks will be super easy to pass.Second half of the game feels very rushed comparing to the first one.80% of the game you're gonna read something, yet inXile didn't make a good translation.Ending is a total lackluster, like a Deus Ex one."
76561197970252509,Recommended,272270,30322406,Posted: 4 March,all,Sajt,"What is the worth of a single life?My very first boxed PC game was Baldurs Gate. Then over the years I played every great Crpg. Fallout, Icewind Dale, Planescape Torment, Arcanum, Pillars of Eternity and the most recent Tyranny. I have played and replayed these games and IM happy to say that Torment: Tides of Numenera is amongst the best of them.The Story is deep as the worlds lore. You have to leave some of your preconceptions behind and embrace the alien nature and laws of this world. Where aliens, otherworldly beings and mutants walk under the red Sun. If you are afraid of walls of text and lore then this game will not be for you. If you enjoy reading and learning about a brand new world you will adore Numenera.Gameplay is the weak point of the title. Combat can be fun and engaging, with varied party setups, builds and interesting weapons and items but the way its system works can be a drag slowing the pace greatly. I have to admire a game where I can end a combat scenario without killing a single enemy, where I can avoid combat altogether. During my entire playthrough I didn't even have 10 battles. There are some technical bugs, but nothing game breaking. (Lets not forget that Planescape Torments combat wasn't great...).As a last word Rhin is now atop one of my favorite npc's of all time. (If you think she is weak I can only laugh at you.)Cheers"
,Recommended,272270,30145779,Posted: 24 February,all,9ikat9sawasleva,"Torment is more like reading a book than playing a game, or even reading five books at once running from one to another. I didn't have to fight at all in 9 hours. Solve problems with intellect, not force; feel smart and crafty, and read, read, read. Torment is a promissing and bright sibling of fabulous Planescape, and it rocks."
76561197989892414,Not Recommended,272270,30421211,Posted: 9 March,all,fasthd97,"Like tyranny,It is fun but is way too short to spend $44  on."
76561198044626146,Not Recommended,272270,30296925,Posted: 3 March,all,Princess Unwill,"In short: 6/10.Don't get me wrong tho it is a good game. But it's like that time when two friends of yours invited you to a party. They promised you a lot of good booze, fine classy food, bunch of interesting people to meet with. But when you came to the party there were only two friends of yours with a bucket of chicken wings, a bottle of cola and no other people. I've enjoyed the game but it's too short and pace of the story is not that great. Plus the cut content.  Wait for the sale guys."
76561198013508721,Not Recommended,272270,30339244,Posted: 5 March,all,provokastoras,"For this price at this point of time i would not recomend the game.the playtime you see is the time you require to finish the game if you bother reading all the dialogs and do all side quests. As such I argue that the game is rather small and since its not what i call replayable if you feel thats adequate the game is for you.pros of the game:interesting story,allien environment.innovating puzzles.a world on itsown.innovated combat system (or just buying the rights to use an existing one was too expensive)negatives:-walls of text. at points the game is more of a novel than an actual game and has no naration.-very few encounters. The encounters are well made but quite few, I dont think i remember more than 10 of them but certinly less than 30 in total to finish the game and thats if you choose to take all the fights on an optional quest.-very few classes all with the same gameplay-instances from mereartifacts coud had easily been made actual game stages. instead you get a wall of text and some choises which are no choices really.- linear gameplay. Even compared to baldours gate2 and the original planescape, the gameplay is even more linear.- combat system is poorly designed, with very few options and an early cap. In fact there is almost minimal amount of weapons and weapon selection. as well as skills and spells. x-com has more weapon options and spells and classes than this game but the combat is not comparable to x- coms tactical requirements and most of the time combat can be completely skippsd.... which literally makes the game a novel.-character customization? bad command or file name.-character potraits for the npcs? too lazy to  make those? I mean you spend like 20 or 25 hours of the game talking to npcs.. at least you could see who you are talking to?-grafics are subpar-game intro is rediculously poorly made. The whole falling thing could had been made a cinematic. but I guess its cheaper to write a wall of text than actually draw anything. You supposely fall from the moon to the planet and the only thing you  see is a black screen and a wall of text. ITs definetly an anamnesis... Dos is back.- I seriously tried to fight the last boss... well guess what you cant.-very few maps. I think in total you get less than 30 map screens to explore and thats being generous by supposing there were hidden map screens.easy things that could be done to improve the gameallow a boss fight in the end.skip stupit introremove level capallow the players to participate in the endless war.use  multimedia some more and less wall of texting, or at least use both.add some class variety and allow a different approach for each class in the game.the tides could had been an extra type of magic. Like the shouts in skyrim... nope they are restricted as a deus ex machina for a couple of dialog options. Not even sure why they bothered to make it a skillIn either case the company that made this is blacklisted for me. Especially since they received so much backing from the users.They definetly failed to absorve the founds that were given to them in an effective way."
76561198027993712,Recommended,272270,30527417,Posted: 15 March,all,lemurkage,"I highly recommend this game!  The world is very interesting, with very acute attention to even little details.  The environemnts are beautifully designed, every character you encounter has unique details about their appearance and personality, and the music is very well produced.  That does lead to a lot of text to read and does make the game seem to move at a slow pace, however.  I think some people may have had some expectations that this game would be ""Planescape: Torment 2"" and I'm not sure that the developers gave this impression when they claimed it to be a ""spiritual successor.""  I do believe their game does continue the philosophical themes of it's spiritual namesake.  If you are the kind of player that likes to investigate all the intricate details of a world or a story, this game is for you!"
76561197995729692,Not Recommended,272270,33130839,Posted: 2 July,all,planb_5,"This is a game I want to recommend, but I just can't. While the game play is solid, the character creation is confusing and lacks basic things like look custimization. I've played 3 diffrent characters and could not find anything about them to intrest me. I tried so hard to like the game that I missed the window in which I could ask for a refund. It's very disappointing."
76561198008045003,Not Recommended,272270,30330296,Posted: 4 March,all,Schutzengel,"In Numenera the only focus is on the story. The class and combat system could have been romoved completely for the game to really shine in its story part. It would be the perfect point-and-click-adventure. Still, in its current form it cannot even slightly compete with Torment 1, because it is basically a point-and-click-adventure with lacking RPG elements.If it were sold as such I would recommend it if not for the name 'Torment' that absolutely requires solid RPG elements.Planescape Torment features, in addition to the perfect story driven focus, a unique and appealing class and combat system. Remember the video for the Mechanus Cannon! This is why Torment is still superior to alike games by far. You could grind for hours in Torment and still have fun. I come to the conclusion that this game is worse than Torment 1 and because of this I would recommend the player to instead buy Planescape Torment.Undeserved, the original Planescape Torment has received worse scores on many game magazines than this game."
76561198004754218,Recommended,272270,32409072,Posted: 14 June,all,thrawn235,"I think this Game doesn't deserve all the bad votes. It is a worthy successor to Planescape:Torment. I'd say, on a mechanical level its even far superior to Planescape. You can finish the whole game without killing anybody, and there is a lot of gameplay even in the dialog, Depending on your skills or your Tides (alignment) you get extra information or even extra dialog options. Also, depending on your Attributes and Skills, you can fail at certain dialog options. Deceiption or persuation for example.If there is a Conflict, very often, you have the option of interacting with the enviroment or even to talk to the Characters involved. Instead of mindlessly killing everything that moves. This is a huge step up from previous RPGs and i really like it.Like planscape:torment the world is very strange and hard to understand first, but also very interesting and beleivable. but, like in planescape, you will probably be confused at first and it'll take some time to get familiar. In both games it took a few attempts for me to really get into it.The story and the varius quests are very well designed, not only is there a massive amount of well written text in the game, a lot (probably even all) the questlines are connected to each other in a very clever way. One will probably notice it in the End of the game.The game has one unfortunate flaw though, that even planespace had to a lesser degree. And i think lots of the downvotes come from this flaw.It is a somewhat cold and cerebral game. Even though the quests, and the whole story are very dramatic at times, I missed the emotions, especially from the party members. The fact that there are no romantic options in the game also doesnt help this.(The End is probably one of the best examples of aformentioned problem...)Still, I think this is an excellent game, and a must play for any serious RPG fan. To find a better one, you have to go way back (planescape, baldurs gate2, fallout 1+2, and maybe the mass effect trilogy)"
,Recommended,272270,30267891,Posted: 1 March,all,Bv900,"Wow. So, as is usual with things like this, it seems people went into the game with vastly different expectations than what was being developed. If you look at the majority of negative reviews, you will noticed two things: First, an average time played of 1-2 hours which makes any opinions they have on it laughable. Second, the most frequent complaint seems to whining about the combat system. The game isn't about combat, in fact every single combat situation in the game can be resolved in an alternate way.Anyway, enough about Steam reviews being mindless dogpiling. How is the game itself?It's a worthy successor to Planescape: Torment I feel. There are lengthy conversations with interesting characters to be had, nearly all of the companions have their own quirks and peculiar 'things' about them, and the world itself is based on the setting of one of the best Tabletop RPGs in the past few years. Seriously, I can't really explain just how much the world itself is a character in this game, full of weird, mysterious and wonderful things.I'm also not sure what people are talking about when they're complaining about the game being too short, I'm still in the first city, am 7-8 or so hours in, and still haven't explored two entire districts of the city. I feel the people complaining about there only being a few areas must have rushed through the game and completed zero sidequests, talked to people, or explored.So yeah. If you're a fan of old school CRPGs, if you enjoy reading, and you're interested in one of the most unique game worlds in recent memory, you should pick this up."
76561198008239443,Not Recommended,272270,20813247,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Zakon,"TToN nowhere near classics rpgs!1. It's short. Two main locations only: Sagus Cliffs (beta) and Bloom. Other areas are tiny2. They (inXile) lied about almost everything in Kickstarter campaign. Where is big city in the desert? underwater market? numenera crafting? 7th companion? stronghold? etc.3. Six boring companions. All humans. Warriors, mage, assasin, little girl (she is interesting character. but her story is pretty short, as well, as the whole game.) Talking skull Morte much interesting and funny alone than 6 bots in TToN.4. 80% of quests are boring. I liked some quests in Sagus Cliffs (crazy AI was good one for exmpl, red circles..). But most dialogs was abstract texts of nothing.5. Simplistic gameplay. Talk -> [trigger-answer] -> intellect points check -> XP.6. There are not many battles in game (somewhat like 5 necessary and 10 unnecessary). you don't need combat abilities, ciphers, armor, weapons and other stuff. No XP for battles.7. performance drops in the end of game. crashes during battle (infirmary). sometimes turn stuck on enemy so you need to reload.dont be fooled by positive reviews. TToN looks like lovely classic rpgs. in fact it is SHALLOW, SHORT (I have a lot hours counted because game was minimized to tray most of my playing time) and UNFINISHEDsry for bat english. piece"
76561198006525357,Not Recommended,272270,30399039,Posted: 8 March,all,whizwart,"I loved the original Torment and liked Pillars of Eternity well enough, which you would think would bode well for this game. Well, no, unfortunatly. I find myself just not being drawn into the story. I cannot make myself care about these charecters. I just can't quite sink my teeth in. I think part of this issue is how much the lore is slapping you in the face right out of the gate and you really have no way of learning more right away. It feels like I picked up the 3rd book in Lord of the Rings or Game of Thrones and I have no frame of reference. I wanted to love this game, but if I can come home and choose Netflix over it without batting an eye, that isn't a good sign."
,Not Recommended,272270,30570127,Posted: 17 March,all,Flying Polyp,"Seeing as Planescape Torment and Pillers of Eternity are just about two of my favourite games ever this seemed tailer-made for me. I was gravelly dissapointed, I still enjoyed playing it as the story is just incredible, the choices have actual consequence and the universe is interesting. but...I absolutelly loathe and detest every single other aspect. Graphics are DULL, combat is cataclysmically bad, sound is annoying, every time conversation is initiated you're greeted with a loud CLANK!!!! and believe me you'll initiate conversation near constantly.Parting shots: The music was good. I look forward to further releases from these guys, if they put this story exactly in a pillers style universe with pillers combat, it could be a real joy.TLDR: Son, I'm not angry, I'm just dissapointed"
,Recommended,272270,30302419,Posted: 3 March,all,soviljacct,"The strange world provided by both torment games is the thing that attracts me most. The first game was based on planescape which was wonderful, but this of course is different. This is set in Numenra a mix of scifi and fantasy. That may not attract some, but the strangeness of the world attracted me.I only wish there was more. That is probably a good thing, I don't feel like anything is missing altough I do feel that the ending was rushed. I had no idea I was about to finish the game when it happened.Combat was actually pretty fun, but I never got around to trying it out as I played a charming jack that could get out of any situation. I am replaying as a nano now who can read minds, and my that is interesting. I'll do a glaive after that to test out combat some more."
76561198110120548,Not Recommended,272270,30495629,Posted: 13 March,all,GangBangk,"If you are looking for an awesome RPG game like the Planetscape: Torment was, prepare for disappointment. The game just feels boring, the story isn't interesting at all and the narrative isnt ""rich, personal narrative"".Secondly, The graphics in the game aren't stunning - It feels like there hasn't been any development in 18 years?Thirdly, the fight mechanics are just disappointing, If you are looking for nice fight mechanics one should just go back to play Baldur's gate - game series.The game isn't just worth the current price (45 EUR). If this game would have been released 10 years ago, with a price of 15-20 EUR then I wouldn't be so mad. Can't recommend. Asked steam to refund...."
,Not Recommended,272270,30477891,Posted: 12 March,all,queefwizard,"Disappointed in this one...the setting is really interesting but the actual gameplay is really barebones and pretty boring. The writing is good but too often devolved into heavy handed philosophy. After getting about 2/3 of the way through I realized I didn't really care about the main story and wasn't having fun with the gameplay mechanics and gave up on it. It's definitely different - but somehow the setting just ends up being so off the wall that nothing really sticks, and the actual gameplay just plods. Bummer.All in all I think you'd get more out of a good sci fi novel than this game, sadly."
,Recommended,272270,30323618,Posted: 4 March,all,Sapidus,"So there IS a lot of problems with this game. In particular depending on why you like CRPGs you might hate this. I did not back this on Kickstarter, so can't speak to that. I can say that it feels like a complete game.However, I loved it.If you like tactical combat, and that is what draws you to CRPS, avoid this. The combat is ""eh"" (mainly because I feel like everything is so slow). Depending on how you play, there also is not a lot of it.For example, you can talk or think your way around most combat. I think I only had 5 or 6 combats in my playthrough, and they were ""crisis"" where the victory was not ""kill everyone"" (or at least the only victory), but instead had alternate win conditions.Honestly, I found it super refreshing. You don't often see that in a game.It has an interesting world with an interesting plot. Some of the interactions were really good. One of the party members is up there as favorite party member in any game.Time wise you can probably get through the main quest pretty quickly. However, playing through and exploring and taking your time will probably give you 30-40 hours.HOWEVER,The game does kinda look not so great. If you zoom in the graphics actually look much better (not the character models though. They are aweful). But I like to play more zoomed out, and it just does not look great.I would have also loved to have character portriates while talking to NPCs.I did not run into a lot of bugs, at least until the end. I experienced some loading problems that made it hard to complete the game.TL;DRIf you like character development and exploration, don't mind a lack of combat, and don't mind reading, I highly recomend this game."
76561197971292894,Recommended,272270,30322070,Posted: 4 March,all,Armadillemma,"Wonderful storytelling with in-depth dialogue options. Feels more like a novel (with a large number of branching paths) than a game, which is a positive for me but may be a pacing issue for some. Combat is largely avoidable, but seems very very difficult when it does come to pass (enemies just seem way stronger and you're spending critical time trying to keep people alive while getting beaten down, instead of leveraging more interesting abilities). Could simply be a learning curve, but it's easy enough to negotiate rather than fight."
,Not Recommended,272270,30495746,Posted: 13 March,all,wipiton,"VERY short for it's price.Honestly, it's not even a RPG, looks more like interactive novel, because it's ALL about dialogues. Why implement all these skills, abilities and items, if you won't need it EVER?Combat is absolutely awful, real pain. Companions are dull (except, maybe Matkina).Massive disappointment after all this waiting. I can't really imagine what inXile did with that $4M of backers money..."
,Recommended,272270,30234045,Posted: 27 February,all,draknmarr,"I've only played a few hours because i am waiting for release to really dig in, but i can say as a fan of Planescape:Torment it feels like it should for a spiritual successor, even early on i felt the strings."
76561197992845181,Recommended,272270,30348927,Posted: 5 March,all,Headfirst,"I only have one problem with this game:You know that one level in every RPG? The one where you enter the ""dreamscape"" or the extra-planar pocket, the memory realm or go ""inside the computer?"" That one level that's full of a bunch of random nonesense, with all kinds of crazy art, and literally every single NPC you meet says stuff like, ""I'm the one who sees, but is unseen,"" or ""this is the nexus of all places, where anything is possible, all futures exist... or is it? Maybe, maybe not. Is it reality? What is reality? If a tree falls in the forest..."" You know, *that* chapter of the game that makes no sense but you can tell the developers thought they were being philosophical, edgy, and avant garde?EVERY SINGLE PART OF THIS GAME IS *THAT* PART.Every map is full of crazy nonsense. Every single character, from your companions and major antagonists to lowly shopkeepers and random street NPCs, is a red herring enigma rubik's cube that vomits a never-ending stream of sphinx riddles at you if you so much as introduce yourself. ""I'm the last of the first, doomed to walk the ever-dream of the nightmare labyrinth for all eternity. Want to buy some weapons or armor?"" The item descriptions go even further: ""This thing is unlike anything you've ever seen. It defies classification. It's made from something you don't recognize and it does something wildly unpredictable. You have no idea what this is or what it's for. It's worth 120 space bucks.""All that being said, I'm recommending this game for every other part they got right. The art is amazing, the sound and voice acting are great, the game system is clever, and I never encountered a single bug."
76561198012714746,Recommended,272270,30363462,Posted: 6 March,all,Overlord Byron,"A setting-rich, nuanced, intriguing, and sometimes profound RPG that's more of an interactive codex than a video game proper. It's a mishmash of mostly unrelated stories interwoven with setting as the common thread, and most--or perhaps  exclusively--rewarding to the sort of gamer who is comfortable with experiencing those stories by proxy and through dialogue. There's choice, but you often lack freedom. There's exploration that involves little actual travel. The game knows what it is, but what it is isn't for everyone, and whether or not you'll enjoy it comes down to how inclined you are to meet it on its own terms."
76561197965438273,Recommended,272270,30404886,Posted: 9 March,all,Nim O'Fre,"TL:DR: Like it’s predecessor, Tides of Numenera is both deep and unique. If you’re expecting something more superficial and action-packed, move on.  If, however, you’re willing to play and read a captivating story that seemingly takes place across myriad volumes of sci-fi novelettes, play on!Like Planescape: Torment, Tides of Numenera gives back what you bring in to it.  It is rich in story, and never lacking in intrigue.  The combat and graphics may not be what some people seem to have wanted, but if that's what you were looking for then you picked the wrong class of game. This is more of a tome of philosophy and diversity than your typical cRPG: it brings both familiar and alien perspective to life with a brilliantly creative writing style that is sure to captivate any willing imagination.  To that end, it is a perfect spiritual successor to PS:T.When I think back to PS:T, I think of all amazing stories that seemingly random NPCs would have to share about their travels across the planes and how their lives were irrevocable altered--for better or worse.  I wonder about the relationship of the protagonist and the antagonist, about the circumstances of the very mufti-faceted reality that governed the story’s landscape, and what can really change the nature of man. It has been nearly two decades and those stories and philosophies still resonate with me to this day.  I can confidently say that after my first play-through, clocking in at nearly 48 hours, T:ToN will be apart of my future in much the same way, and in some ways, maybe even more so.I’ve only played through once, but I know for certain that choices *do* matter in this game.  Not every NPC needs closure, and might not get it, so some choices my seem ‘empty’ because you don’t see your various cookie-cutter meta-moral status bars adjust.  You have to remember though, this game has stories within stories. And as I said, it gives back what you bring in. While it *may* not always find fruition in the game, I can well imagine the fate of someone who’s life I impacted, and how they may one-day tell their story to another pilgrim of the Ninth World (assuming of course, they are around to tell it) and I sure as hell would be quick to pick up a book that comes out related to *any* of the characters I came across in this game.  However, there are many quests, dialogue options, and interactions that I could have done *very* differently, or in a different sequence that would have made real changes to the story and future in a variety of ways.  Let’s just say I have *big* plans for experimentation on my second play-though.. admittedly I *will* need some time to let this play-through sink in before I dive in again.I have read other reviewers claim that the game is too short, or warn that it cuts off in a manner similar to Tyranny, and nearly every negative review has something to say about combat To those issues I can only expound upon the aforementioned: my first play-though was almost 50 hours, and I definitely missed stuff. I didn’t find the ending to be abrupt at all. I thought each act had perfectly adequate pacing for both the story and character stat progression—I had to measure out my actions carefully in act one, but by the last act I was confident I could handle whatever came my way.. except maybe the weight of my own choices.  While I loved Tyranny’s emphasis on choice and dialogue, I would feel remiss to lump these two games into the same category, T:ToN is far more story-intensive, and you can see that story through to the end. Like PS:T this is not an item-based game.  If you’ve played any turn-based cRPGs before then you know the drill: you’re going to have to wait a bit during a ‘crisis.’ I really only actually fought in probably half of the crises, but considering the crises make up about .01% of the game, I think the combat was challenging enough to warrant the circumstances leading up to them, and rewarding no matter how they ultimately played out..It is hard for me to review a game like this because, like a good book, it is really more of an intimate experience that begs lengthy discourse.  All I can really say is if you *do* decide to play this one, accept it for what it is--rather than how it’s *not* whatever else is out there--and really play it.  Get to *know* everyone, explore every nook and plunder every cranny.. interact with everything you can.. it will be worth it. Find out just how much you believe one life matters."
76561197999072624,Recommended,272270,30298472,Posted: 3 March,all,Beige&Confused,"This is initial thoughts/impressions.  I will post a proper review when I have spent more time with the game but I just want to get my thoughts in writing.First things First: this is easily my most anticipated game of the last couple years (I am literally playing this the day Zelda Breath of the Wild came out, that level of anticipation).  I played Planescape: Torment around 2011 and absolutley adored it, but was unable to finish it because of several game breaking glitches that I couldn't find my way around.  Still loved the game enough to be stupidly hyped for this.I have good and bad first impressions: The good is it captures the feel of the original with a world that is nearly (but not quite) as imaginitive and alien.  The combat system is INSTANTLY better and is no longer the mindless chaos that a lot of old CRPG battle systems tend to be.  The interface is deep but also accessible, Im pretty sure with time I'll be able to fully get into it.The Bad: The soundtrack is kinda dull, for the follow up to a game that had such a rich and memorable score its kind of upsetting we ended up getting generic background music. The intro to the game is very cool with you falling out of the sky and all, but I'm not a fan of how blunt the tutorial section is; in Planescape Torment you wake up on a chopping block, completely unaware of your surroundings, and are then given the opportunity to immediately to go explore and learn about this bizarre world around you; here you end up fuddling around with screens a bit too much.I'll post an updated review when I have one but I'm having fun so far."
,Recommended,272270,21115745,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,OrionRKing,"It's hard for me to recommend this game in the state it is in. I should not of purchased this in early access as it is buggy and frustrating. The main thing is I should not of purchased early access for a heavy story driven RPG, as it will spoil the story. So for ME, in MY opinion its better to wait this out until this is a polished and complete game. That way I can be fully immersed in the story and not be side tracked by the bugs."
76561198030499677,Recommended,272270,31121531,Posted: 13 April,all,Sidonas,"People have basically said it all, so I won't say much except that were there many disappointments and some shady business/model advertisments....including early videos of neat things like portraits for ALL characters involved in dialogue, and more voice over work than ended up in the game...much revealed to only be in early ""test"" versions of the game which were not revealed as only test versions till a good time after official launch?  Yes to all of that....unfortunately, BUT...is the game still worthwhile, entertaining as all hell, and unqiue with an existential, Søren Kierkegaard, and even Kabalistic/Flower of Life...ish...kinda philosophical mash up/theme?  Hell yeah, and done well and not corny...imho.  A lot of negative reviews could possibly be butt-hurt kickstarter backers and people with legimate gripes like...promised Italian localization which was never implemented...etc, but all n all...great game that is somewhat light on combat, but if you WANT to engage in more combat the option is definately there.  For example, people might state that there are only 5-6 possible combat situations in Sagus (the first area in the game), but during my play through of Sagus, with determination of finding all the combat I possibly could, found well over or around about 12-15 combat scenarios.  Do you have to take a certain dialogue path to reach some combat?  Yes.  Can you avoid much of the combat in the game?  Apparently, according the the devs...noted post launch mind you, you are ABLE to avoid ALL combat if you try hard...they stated it would not be easy to do so, but that they intentionally designed the game so that this is a possibility.I have over 40 hours post launch in the game right now and am only in the second area of the game, but I am slow and enjoy taking my time exploring every nook and conversation.  Even clicking the NPC's without branching dialogues has some reward to it, so I do so.  Also, future updates will apparently clean up combat in some unidentified respects, AND add a kickstarter promised companion called something like ""The Toy,"" or some such that tinkers more with the whole ""Tides"" aspect of the game which sounds interesting.  I know I said I wouldn't ramble, but there you have it, hard not to praise what IS present and good about this game.Sid"
76561198188046697,Not Recommended,272270,30335111,Posted: 5 March,all,Silver and sulfur,"Horrible writing, which belongs tofanfiction.net- check.Quest and gamebreaking bugs - check.Lying to backers - check.Would you know yet more?So yeah, I've found my key to the fortress of regrets - 'tis bying this game I regret."
,Recommended,272270,29535385,Posted: 27 January,all,aspateer,"If you are a fan of Planescape: Torment, I highly suggest you pick this up. It is somewhat of a spiritual successor to that game, and it certainly feels just like it. Well worth a purchase in my book :D"
,Not Recommended,272270,30339622,Posted: 5 March,all,Qphelia,"If u cut pathetic battle system, pointless character development elements, remove null patry npcs (exept maybe one) it could be a good isometric visual novel. But now its just a very questionable game with very questionable content. 45 euros for 18h of reading ? Dont think so."
76561197995215806,Recommended,272270,34046848,Posted: 5 August,all,WTSMark,"I liked this game so much that I felt obliged to write what it is my first review.I loved Planescape and this game feels like its rightful successor. Whereas the gameplay is just fine, the story, the writing and the setting are so astonishing, that despite all the descriptions and dialogs that I've read I never got bored.If you like reading, buy this game without thinking twice, otherwise consider that you may not like it."
76561197988650009,Not Recommended,272270,21169724,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Supreme Pizza,"Successor to planescape torment. YAY! Good start on the early acess so far.My opion list so far,1. Needs MUCH better UI2. Needs serious  upgrade on the graphics. Its little better than the original so far.3. The story looks great. A little too much book based choose your own adventure. The choices consequences are far to estoeric. As the world is earth 1 billion years in the future I am hopping to see some recognisible cameos from our time. Selfish I know but there it is.4. Charcter devolopment is simplistic at best and trying far too hard to be different.5. I love the mind reading skill. Fantastic twist. More 'psysic' would be great.All in all a good start. I am looking forward to the final product.Update after full release. 15/03/17Apparently full public release. Total crap. Cant save, crashes constantly.This rubbish is exactly an example of over promise and no delivery.NOT READY FOR RELEASE!"
76561198158149244,Not Recommended,272270,30247410,Posted: 28 February,all,tuckboat,It's a strange and gorgeous world torn right out of a good sci-fi or fantasy novel and the game's mechanics complement the story and setting quite nicely.Obviously not an action title and the turn based combat is enjoyable enough in small doses here and there. I would put the writing up there with just about anything I've ever played before.Combat is mediocre but enjoyable enough if you like turn-based rpgs. Really you are here for the story and the intersting tidal pool system of progressing through challenges (won't go into detail here).It's good. Really good. Not sure if it's great yet but I have high hopes. I would say it's already been worth the price of admission and I am only about 10 hours in (maybe 1/4- 1/3 of the way through I am guessing).Update....erghhh. Changing my recommendation. It's pretty clear the first 1/3 of the game was done with level of production and the middle third or so a good step down in quality from that with the end of it feeling like a rushed mess.The main story (and it's very linear game if you were curious) in a vacum is just good enough to get a nod of approval. However it needed to be eleveated by other aspects of gameplay and writing in order to resonate and fails to do so mainly because the main character winds up being a half-user choice created personality (you pick'em) with the other half of that personality being a block of wood. Some games/stories get passed this hurdle by providing strong supporting characters with a ton of personality or a really good antagonist whom drives the plot forward. Well here the story of your side characters fails to evolve into anything of much interest past the first 1/3 and the antagonist was nothign to write home about. The bad guy I found to be somewhat interesting in concept but again just not good enough without any character to draw the player. Overall the lore is great and stays pretty strong up until the last hour or so of the game. The prose is gold standard other games should reach for but ultimatley the story falls well short of the mark it would need to completely carry the game.The turn-based battles become more tedious and harder to avoid towards the end of the game. It really hurts the experience and it felt unbalanced and poorly planned out by the end of the game. The skills system is pretty easy to overpower once you reach the half way point of the story with a decent amoutn of time spent on sidequest which sees it's early potential squandered.  Tactical considerations are not terrible important to your success as long as you have a decent character setup.Artwise it's a mixed bag here. The enviornments are well thought out and put together. Only a few maps (particularly towards the end) fail to impress. On the other hand the character models are pretty vanilla imo. The style of the armor/clothing on some of the major models are fairly well done but alot of the others are barely distinguishable from one another and while never terrible failed to impress and became a let down compared to the background/map artwork.So in the end we have a lore-rich interesting sci-fi shell and intro that is cause for alot of excitement and then the game just kind of slumps along without direction until it devolves into a really huge disappointment in the last few hours. This is the biggest implosion after a promising start to a game since...well Wasteland 2 probably. Not a good trend for this developer and I'm really sad to have to give this a thumbs down.4.5/10
76561198021613237,Not Recommended,272270,20963560,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,A.Z.,"Updating this review after playing the full release, I originally gave this a thumbs up a year ago because I thought there were planning on improving the game by a whole lot, not go the other way around. First of all they cut a lot of content out of the game, that alone is enough for a thumbs down, then they didn't bother improving the character models or allowing even a simple character customization menu. The main story writing is excellent but the companions who are suppose to be a big part of the game are bland as hell, all in all this game feels like it wasn't worth the buy. Heck games that were less funded and took less time to develop like Pillars of Eternity and Wasteland 2 feel way more complete than this game. I dunno what the devs were doing or where the money went but this was a huge disappointment and unless they do a full revamp/enhanced edition, I wouldn't recommend buying this game."
,Not Recommended,272270,30402562,Posted: 8 March,all,Otudas,Pros - engaging story line - in depth characters - unique sceneryCons - buggy - dialogue hangs with what appears to much text in the dialogue buffer - big fights are very choppy - does not seem video related. Makes it very hard to enjoy the game.The bugs are killing it for me. I get into and bam I have to load a save. When fixed I will gladly change recommend from no to yes.
76561198086906791,Recommended,272270,30051667,Posted: 19 February,all,darkmessengerix,"Planescape: Torment was an incredible game. One of my favorites, and one of the best of all time in my opinion. So far, this game is shaping up to be a worthy successor to that incredible adventure. If you're new to Torment, or old-school RPGs from the golden age of gaming in general, please don't deprive yourself of this game. It's a different experience than anything else out there at the moment. Don't expect crazy awesome gameplay and combat. Do expect a philosophical mind♥♥♥♥ of a story that is incredibly well written wherein your actions have extreme weight and meaning. Expect to be suprised. Expect your intelligence to be tested. This game will not hold your hand or shy away from big words that are not in your vocabulary, but it will paint a picture so vivid in your mind that no amount of cuda cores could ever hope to match it. If this game turns out to be as good (which is certainly seems to be)as it's predecessor,  trust me when I say that this game will HANDSOMELY reward you for finishing it. Not in fictional money, or loot, no; but in an altered perception that will carry into the real world. What does one life matter?"
76561197969243247,Recommended,272270,30242821,Posted: 28 February,all,Chigau,"A fantastic Sucessor to PS:Torment, Unique and memorable characters as well as a twisting storyline (at least through the beta) will keep you enthralled and hungry to learn more about the Planesca[e universe."
76561198008750638,Recommended,272270,29364086,Posted: 19 January,all,Bigneecs,"This game was everything I was looking for and more, it scratches the CRPG itch and I can't wait for the full release next month. I played Planescape Torment last year and wasn't able to finish it because of how bad the combat and UI is because of its age, but the story and characters are great which is something Tides of Numenera continues.This game doesn't have the best combat in my opinion but it allows you to both use the environment and talk your way out of almost any situation, which is something a lot of games like this boast but don't follow through on. The game world is so dense too, every few feet you either have someone to talk to or something to interact with which keeps each area interesting. The companions can be interesting but I hope that when the game is finished they're completely fleshed out, right now there's only one or two that have real quests attached to them.Overall I really enjoyed my experience and so far this is shaping up to be better than Pillars of Eternity if the story continues to intrigue me."
76561198005772688,Recommended,272270,30286422,Posted: 2 March,all,Beast of the East DC United,Like playing a well written and interesting sci-fi / fantasy novel. Someone said this before and I agree....the shop keepers have better lore than most AAA RPG games. Just saying.
76561198078937359,Recommended,272270,30281767,Posted: 2 March,all,Eduardo e Monica,"Amazing Story, okay gameplay and so so combat.First part of the story was amazing, losing steam towards the end.Mixed feelings about the last part of the game, felt rushed but was very well woven together.Its a good game! (but makes you wanna play more after it ends -> good excuse to play planescape torment/Baldurs/Pillars/Tyranny/Divinity/Fallout1,2 and of course Arcanum :PPP )TLDR: Really good game, kinda short. Rushed but fullfilling ending. Amazing Story. So so Combat.SCORE: 4/5 * * * * º"
,Recommended,272270,30270555,Posted: 1 March,all,mohredlou,"I like the mechanics for now.Weird in a good way and very entertaining.I think the best part is the unpredictability.At least for now, did not finish the game yet :)Edit:if you love good stories and you don't have problems with reading. This is the best story that I have experienced in a game ever.The combat is just ok minus. The combat is not important in this game. it's all about the story, the world, the liberty of choice and the everlasting consequences."
76561198081241743,Recommended,272270,30284982,Posted: 2 March,all,mkrauze82,"Fantastic game, one minue to time of play , hopefully there will be another expansion"
,Recommended,272270,30301904,Posted: 3 March,all,Spike,I love it. Just like the old times.
76561197971886249,Not Recommended,272270,30540353,Posted: 16 March,all,Oltex,"Other reviewers lay out the flaws in detail better than I could so all I'll say is that it's not really BAD, just not on par with it's predecessor (or what most of us were expecting) and you should wait until it's on a serious sale (but then still play it). I LOVED Pillars and expected something similiar (maybe more story focused vs combat focused but not to the Nth degree of this game) but instead of a traditional RPG (even by PST standards), we get a text-driven adventure game. If I wanted to read a novel i'd.....read a novel.signed,Disappointed"
76561198025860351,Recommended,272270,30287556,Posted: 2 March,all,Aenno,"I finished my first playthrough yesterday. I did it in two approaches, without actual pause to anything but a two-hours sleep, and game storyline (including save scumming) takes around 35 hours for me (and it's 23 on game timer). I believe it's means something, at least for me.So, I love a game. My primary complain is that in 4 years you can expect more content. PS:T takes 47 hours (in game-timer, I believe - can't really say) on main+extra completions, and I think I tried to be completionist there, it's 60 hours; but for first Deus Ex, that I take as another Great RPG, it would be 28 hours. I missed at least one merecaster though (couldn't say how to fix it and is it even possible), and I played as social+lore Nano, and it's definitly easiest way.Just in case, I hate current approach to ""remake classical way to gaming"". I've never managed to complete Pillars of Eternity, just dropped... on castle at most. But T:ToN I completed on one approach and not regret a second.Also I should admit, I pleged game on kickstarter 4 years ago, first day I believe (it was, well, 4 years ago, so I'm not sure), and dropped to follow development. I knew about cut features only, well, four days ago, and truth to said I don't mind.So, what's bad for me here.1. Foci. Only three foci, and only one of them is actually fits my game playstyle somehow - I mean that about charisma. I can't say I like it much (I played sage, not charismatic, with Lores, Concentration and Anamnesis maxed), but at least it's better then Breath Shadows or Masters Defence. Also it had nice bonus with Inspired (that works bad for my main character - I believe to get Inspired fettle you must actually ENTER aura, and when you never do it - after your character dies, for example - it just don't renew itself), other bonuses are meh. Putting one more effort to social tasks seems nice, in the beginning, but can't say I recall any moment I needed it. And last tier boni for social focus is ridiculus - when you get that fourth tier, playing around social playstyle, you will supposedly have at least one dot in Persuasion and a lot of Edge to have 100% to social rolls without spending anything. You just won't spend your Int pool to make this ability useful. With actually quite bland abilities foci, I believe, it was possible to put some more. I mean, not as foci was something play-defining for me. I felt more impact from Tides.2. Bugs. Sure, I've take my toll. First, I had scary bug that make every Crisis a chance game - sometimes it just stuck in the middle of somebody action, and only way is quit game by terminate process and replay last save. The worst issue was when it happens in combat with Sorrow in Bloom - it's actually not nice with all that pre-fight cutscenes and dialogs. Also I had a bug with Avina (girl in a quest about five women), when I find her, but didn't rid her from artifact she had, and restored Seria with tidal surge. Well, that was strange, because I don't actually *restored* her, I made her to speak, and she burst in the end; then I entered her fantom, loaded, and voila, Seria was stand there as it should be. Avina spirit never appears, even as quest says I found her.3. Equipment. Well, that's not actual issue, but I really want to have more armor choices.What's bad for other players, but kinda ok for me.1. Companions. Well, there is six characters for selection, and just three slots for them. Normally you'll get Rinn, so it's 2 characters. In that six characters we have one glaive (one-and-half, if you count Aligern), three Jacks (if you include Rinn), and two Nanos. But game definitly build into Int playthrough, not bashing your way, so that's ok at least for me. By the way, official wiki says Callistege is Red+Silver Tide-wise, and that's strange - for me, she is totally Blue. Maybe I don't get Tides at all?.. Anyway, I like Rinn, I like Callistege and I like Erritis. I find them deep and nice, even with ""Callistege personal quest"" I felt blurred from all over the game until last choice in underwater phantom. Hell. Because I felt it blurred.2. Intelligence playstyle. Yes, I definitly can feel how game builded with this way in mind. But, well, Planescape: Torment definitly was build into high Int/Wis character, even if you could play another style. So it's ok for me.3. Rinn. I get it there is a lot of hate about Rinn. Yeah, you would feel yourself as a real♥♥♥♥♥♥when you leave her alone - but, sorry, how do you should feel yourself, getting a homeless girl, protecting her from slavers and then dropping? Yes, that's a♥♥♥♥♥♥move, so it's nice to see that game writing don't let you miss it. Also she actually wasn't useless for me. With high stealth, armed with light shooting weapon and carrying a lot of healing items around, she became a dedicated healer, and then she got Innervate. So until you don't forget to put her in stealth after each cast, she is amazing. Also take in head I don't play with a lot of actual combat.4. Turn-based combat. Actually, that's ok for me. Combat is something that I hated in PoE (with all that timed sword strikes). Tyranny was little better, but still. Hell, I hated that even in Arcanum, and it wasn't something I loved in PS:T.5. Mechanic simplification. Yes, in tabletop game hit points don't exist, and pools used as three types of hits. Actually, in rules it's said that Might pool is ""damage by default"", but neverless. I recalling early betas where there was not dedicated hit points (and interface was HORRIBLE in my option), maybe I'm imagining things, but I even thought ""it's a quite bad idea, because in short game without stable recovery I would save points, as they're my hit points"". Actually I don't like Cypher system, I found it too limited and class-based, but, well... it's nice for CRPG.What's good?1. Setting. Not as much inXile effort, but, I believe, it's nice implementation for Numenera, as Planescape: Torment was nice for Planescape. It actually made me to read Numenera, as PS:T made me to read Planescape.2. System. Well... I feel that it don't realised in full potential. But it's quite nicer that trendy bleak ""generic classical RPG system based on d20"", that seems to be so appearing to modern game design.2. Story. It IS great. Actually I don't believe in ""classical narrative ways"", I believe Mass Effect with video cuts and good (even with all my problems with 1st) graphics model is better for computer game. But in T:ToN I actually read all that text (PoE couldn't get me such way, and every time I starts I played for 2-3 hours only!). I believe it could be great if it was full-sounded and realistic graphics, and more gameplay options but text ones, but story is good enough to suppress gameplay and development limitations. There are things I never saw (Eternal Battle for example), and some things I would make another way or tone, but it is great. And it haven't obvious plot holes I can actually argue, and that's nice again.It's not just interactive book, it'a a game. And it's the best RPG I played for years, maybe sharing the honor with Tyranny first act. Second and third was kinda crap, but first act was great. And T:ToN is fully as good as Tyranny first act."
76561197987771316,Not Recommended,272270,30304154,Posted: 3 March,all,ElderStone,What i dislike :No character customizationMessy combat systemThe lore is wtf and the story seems pretty basicThe artistic direction
76561198004131548,Not Recommended,272270,30337099,Posted: 5 March,all,slinkytwf,"Bored already.Uses Cook's horridly insipid Cypher RPG-Lite character system, which does not translate into a CRPG well at all and should be reserved for in-person casual role-playing sessions among gaming dilettentes.Oh, there's a morality system? I thought it was telling me the color of my parachute."
76561198051690297,Not Recommended,272270,30270828,Posted: 1 March,all,TenchiSaWaDa,"While the story RPG elements and Other aspects of the game are solid, not great but solid, The COMBAT is an absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥show. one of the worst implementation i've seen.It's a turn base combat system that has you fighting NUMEROUS enemies. Just to get a Turn in you have to wait at least 30 seconds, And That just for 1 of your characters. Movement in combat is innaccurate and There's not enough feedback on what you're doing. There are no tool tips or 'Codex' to inform you of anything.If you can avoid combat, do so At ALL COST Not for any role play reason, just simply for the fact that the combat is absolute garbage.Cannot recommend this game while there are far better games like Tyranny and POE out there."
76561198009778179,Recommended,272270,31873488,Posted: 20 May,all,Kyl Von Kull,"This game deserves a lot more credit than it's getting.  Once I started playing, I couldn't stop.  The writing is amazing, as is the setting.  And let's be honest, if you loved the original Planescape: Torment, it's because it had great writing with an insanely immersive world.  Numenera feels shorter because there's very little combat (before this game, I never realized quite how much even the best CRPGs relied on combat to fluff things up), but it's VERY immersive.  If you loved the old '90s RPGs this hails back to, then you will almost definitely enjoy compulsively exploring Numenera.  If you miss RPGs with odd stories and walls of text, you will enjoy Numenera.An excellent game that would get much better reviews if it was a standalone title rather than being marketed as the spiritual sequel to the best game ever made."
76561198032512922,Not Recommended,272270,30266272,Posted: 1 March,all,BigTony,POSITIVES- strong story- likable characters- ye olde rpg design is faithfulNEGATIVES- horrid exposition dumps- combat has no weight whatsoever which is surpsising since they did it very well in WL2- too bloody short even with a fair amount of sidequesting- no driving point to play it again because of the singular road forward
76561198030958664,Recommended,272270,30300117,Posted: 3 March,all,cris.f.rocha,"To start with, let me explain that I haven't finish the game yet and that most of my playtime (~50h) came from early access. However I have seen this game evolve since it started early access always, in my opinion, in a positive manner. So far, I already created the character I want to be (having experimented with character creation in early access) and I'm having lots of fun.Pros:Character Creation is different and interesting, keeping you immersed in the world from the beggining. I also think it has a good (short) length when compared with other games that have done similar things (like Oblivion).The game is focused on your character story, not the world's.I loved the choices you make about how to react and what to tell other characters from the beggining (will you lie? or tell the truth and face the consequences).  For the first time in a long history of gaming ( I started playing in the late 80's and yes, I played the original Torment) I found myself interested to see what would happen instead of reloading when things didn't go my way.The use of the stats pool (foci, I think its called) is very interesting. I don't know the rules of Numenera RPG but the way  they are used in this game (like currency) is interesting and different. I found myself sometimes risking the throw of the dice with a 70%/75% to try and save points to a more important choice and (as mencioned before) actually accepting when it fails :)The obvious care in creating the similarities between this game and Planescape Torment: the nameless and, although not amnesiac, totally clueless character; the death mecanic as a feature; the strange world, characters and laws. Planescape Torment is one of my favourite games. In my opinion, this IS a spiritual successor to that game.You can avoid conflict (called Crysis) by choosing another path. You can even try and persuade the other NPC's in the middle of combat, which I found very interesting. Besides that, you can use the enviromnent to your advantage in the fight. As I rather like to avoid fights, all this choices are refreshing.The many ways you can finish a quest. I like quests and feel almost obligated to find every single one and finish it. The amount of ways you can finish the side quests actually begs for another playthrough to find out what would happen if I did it some other way.Cons:I like the graphics. BUT, I agree with some other reviewers that the main character portrait is somewhat ugly (I always play as a female). However, as I said before, I played the original Torment and nobody can call the Nameless One character as pretty :DAnother nitpick is that I miss the other character portraits when talking to someone. I have no problem with reading lots of text but I  like ""seing"" who I am talking to when it comes to dialogs.This game is too serious sometimes. I miss the humour from Planescape (mostly delivered by Morte) that gave a much needed escape from all the drama.I may change my review when I finish the game, but I highly recomend this to anyone that enjoys good writing, a very original and interesting world, interesting characters and a good story."
,Recommended,272270,30300130,Posted: 3 March,all,Malkbellie,"A brief look at the negative reviews of this game should be more than enough to compel you to play it. The people who are drowning this game in negativity are doing so, almost without exception, with the caveat that they've enjoyed the game. However, they're angry, potentially rightfully, that things were cut that were promised in the Kickstarter. However, these omissions do not take away from what is an exceptional game, and it is an injustice to dissuade people from playing in a misguided lashing out at missed promises.I strongly recommend you give Tides of Numenera a try, if you like narratively driven RPGs. If you don't, look elsewhere."
76561198016688403,Not Recommended,272270,33196463,Posted: 3 July,all,Kobb,"Click on map, Click on npc, click on text boxes, click on map, click on npc, click on text boxes.fall asleep.  If you're not excited by long nonsensical story lines delivered a click at a time. I'd give it a miss.Admittedly I've only managed to force myself to play for ~2.7 hours hoping something would happen... or that there would be some kind of tactical gameplay, any game play really.maybe it just starts really weak."
,Not Recommended,272270,30390008,Posted: 8 March,all,SlipGate,Yeah this is the last  game I ever buy from Inxile just too werid I got to the Valley of the Dead diedand quit. Plus the game hurts my eyes cause everything is just too damn small. don't like the combat either thinkI'm spoiled by Divinity Original Sin combat which was much more fluid and fun.
76561198329169568,Not Recommended,272270,30266466,Posted: 1 March,all,dolol88,"for one of the most founding games in kick starter history 5 million raised !!and for almost 5 years of development the game is ok game but it feels to short!! it feels really half a game! not complete its wroth maybe 20 not 45  !!!!! to many things missing this game needs more areas to explore were is the second big city?stronghold?? world map?map  exploration? more variety of weapons armors ,,,combat sucks big time no duel wield??? really? ,,, not many questsno voice ! they cut 3 character to make the rest of the chars more deep but they aren't so deep at allexcept rhin who i  realy liked!!  the rest are ok but why not make some alien char ?all of them are humans...they interesting but not deep as i thought  ..this good game but its half a game its not complete!"
,Recommended,272270,30230017,Posted: 27 February,all,put upon paddy,"it really is a spiritual successorit feels 'tormenty,' but it has its own vibefun gameplay, combat isn't the absolute main focus, tons of dialogue, good roleplayhope it keeps up"
76561198030615965,Not Recommended,272270,30285568,Posted: 2 March,all,THIEF,"I am not a huge fan of this game. I have played all of the Pillars of Eternity engine games and play almost all crpg that have been released. This game was made worse by the fact it was made to port to PS$ and XBOX. Its essentially a choose your own story adventure.CONS1. You do not choose your character. You are assigned a very strange looking fellow and told how your narrow hips are just right.(I joke not that's fricking weird) The character creation system is usually one of my favorite parts of this type of game and gives games like this replay value. This has none of that. You play the same little story to pick your abilites of the last cast off and then you get to change a little at the end.2. If you like combat like I do this is probably not the game for you.  So far I have managed to get in one fight, the combat system isn't clarified very well and the system of ciphers basically mean they are your power base for the game.3. Very limited tactical choices. Spells bah who needs them, spend your might and intellect to make sure you hit......strange system that so far is not fun.4. Slow Load time of choices on text.5. Bad charcater models for having zero choice in appearance. Tyranny was far better and you could make your charcater look like what ever you wanted.6. I spent 44 bucks and find myself going, I really don't want to play this, its really boring. (Its honestly a boring game)PRO's1. Interesting quests and good story with mutliple ways to finish quests."
,Recommended,272270,31384812,Posted: 26 April,all,Sir Phobos,"The idea of a spiritual successor to PS:T created a ton of hype.Some of this hype was warranted, some of it was not.I didn't follow the Kickstarter campaign and I didn't contribute (I often don't due to past KS dissapointments that I managed to sidestep with my general laziness towards contributing). My perspective comes from not having time to develop ridiculous amounts of hope only to be slapped with disappointment in the end (which is what I've taken away from a bunch of the reviews here).All I know - being a HUGE, HUGE fan of PS:T - is that when T:ToN was announced, I got a warm, fuzzy feeling.With that said, the game ain't perfect. It took 15 hours of slow enjoyment for it to grow on me. That's where I am now, roughly, but instead of coming home from work tonight and going ""Let's see if this gets any better,"" I came home going, ""Let's see how much better it can get from here."" A small shift, but a notable one.On the Writing:I'm the kind of CRPG player that devours lore. I've gotta be in the mood for it, but when I am, I inhale as much of it as possible. I've seen complaints that a lot of the writing in T:ToN was unnecessary and didn't serve the plot... this is true, but I don't see a problem with it. They're building a complex atmosphere that goes far beyond the plot. I have no prior familiarity with the whole Numenera setting, but every paragraph I read, I like it a little more. It's a slow, steady build-up. A large undertaking for a setting with such a massive background. As of right now, the main plot (as it's revealed itself to me so far) is not terribly interesting and frankly feels kinda tropey (""Ooo look at me, son of <POWERFUL♥♥♥♥♥KING/DEITY/ETC> and I'm all confused and have to learn about my powers and my place in the world - blah blah blah""), but it works for what it is. It was way less interesting 12 hours in. More so 9 hours in. Even more so 5 hours in. At hour 3, I was basically calling the game a disappointment. Give it all time to grow on you and try to actually read and visualize the sometimes-long-winded descriptions. Yeah, it's wordy. Yeah, it feels like they went a little too hard after writing, but it's ultimately pretty decent.On the Choice of the Numenera Tabletop System:Again, no background with the setting or the tabletop system but they seriously could've done without it. I absolutely hate the Might/Speed/Intellect stat pool concept. It's kind of cool in certain scenarios, but it feels weak in general. I haven't had any issues with running my stat pools empty before I can safely rest up to regain the points like I've read in some reviews, but stat pools make the game feel a bit more like a chore. Somewhere out there was a more graceful way to handle stuff like this... but that would involve dumping the Numenera system and I guess they married themselves to it.On the Combat:The combat is pretty terrible (hey, just like in PS:T!), but not wholly unenjoyable. It takes a bit of getting used to and there isn't much of it, so I suppose that's a plus. The concept of cyphers is virtually useless. So far I've acquired plenty more than I've been able, or had the need, to use and every time I get a new one, I groan because my main PC gets it and he immediately gets cypher sickness, so I have to figure out who I can give it to avoid the penalties... what's worse is that combat is rare enough that I don't want to put points into cypher-related skills because I'd rather dump them into stuff like Persuasion and Perception to allow me to further dialogue in more interesting ways.On Character Progression:Leveling characters was so-so. In other CRPGs, distributing points and choosing skills was always  something that made the pleasure center in my brain go off everytime my party members flashed on a level up. In T:ToN, it just felt incredibly limited. Starting with only 3 classes and kind of ending up pigeonholed into 4 party members sharing 3 roles, trying to divvy up dialogue-related skills among them while also trying to keep them combat ready with more useful skills feels a bit tedious.On Available Party Members:The size of the cast of party members is pretty standard fare for a CRPG. Party size is 4 (including the main character) and you have a choice of 6 different characters you can use to make up your Last Castoff's team. The characters themselves are interesting in their own ways, but ultimately underwhelming. My current party makeup consists of Aligern, Erritis, and Matkina. Mainly because I wanted to hava decent spread and 2 jacks, a nano with decent combat abilities, and a glaive have been a good mix for me so far (I recently traded Tybir out for Matkina because I liker her backstory more and my Last Castoff is built with Intellect/dialogue checks in mind so Tybir was kind of redundant).Some of the people who have managed to scale this far down this wall of text might be thinking, ""Man, this guy is not making this game seem like it's worth much,"" but I have to say that at this point, T:ToN's whole is actually much greater than the sum of it's parts. At some point, the feeling I was chasing after from PS:T clicked in and I realized that this really IS a spiritual successor to PS:T.For all of it's faults, my initial disappointment turned to disinterest which has now ultimately turned into a simmering appreciation. I'm now hoping that it'll turn at least to a low boil before I see the credits roll.Pesonally, I would have much preferred a PS:T successor that took place in the original game's setting with a much wider scope than just running around Sigil and getting a peek at a a few alternate dimensions. Hell, I would have accepted just another romp through Sigil (the city is constantly changing - they could have done a LOT with that concept, frankly).What we got instead was T:ToN and you know what? I'll take it.-----TL;DRThis♥♥♥♥♥♥ain't your granddaddy's CRPG - Numenera flies in the face of everything you know from D&D-based CRPGs... you'll have to be open-minded and allow for the paradigm shift if you want to actually enjoy it.For PS:T Fans - It's definitely worth playing. The art and general weirdness are actually quite reminiscent of PS:T if you allow yourself to see it. It takes its sweet♥♥♥♥♥time getting good, but eventually you'll start to get those flashes of PS:T that you're looking for. Don't let the completely different setting and system fool you into writing it off immediately.For general CRPG Fans -  If you like dialogue/lore/reading heavy games with incredibly weird settings, you might wanna look T:ToN up and give it an honest spin.For combat-heavy CRPG fans - Move along. Nothing to see here."
76561198032096064,Not Recommended,272270,30311142,Posted: 4 March,all,Grouch,Underwhelming start to this game. The controls are by far the worst I have every seen in a game (using both mode K/M and.contorller modes). The tutorial is useless on both character/class options at the beginning as well as teaching combat. After an hour of playing the game I had to self it.
,Not Recommended,272270,30311079,Posted: 4 March,all,cahoon,♥♥♥♥ Inxile for only putting in three foci.♥♥♥♥ them for overselling what they could do on the kickstarter and then not delivering on their promises.♥♥♥♥ the developers of this game.
,Not Recommended,272270,30252707,Posted: 28 February,all,Tasker 2016,"Bad RPG mechanics, bad presentation, dull characters, purple prose, and cut content.Fool me once, Brian, shame on you.  Fool me twice, won't get fooled again."
76561198091154275,Recommended,272270,30262566,Posted: 1 March,all,Haildir,"I love the game so far, it has issues, but the history and the world are awesome, the combat is his weaker part but i love the narration. Like Plane Scape Torment is a game of lots of weight in the choices you make and the world and it people evolve with you. The game is definitely not for everyone. I loved Torment, Baldurs Gate...., Pillars, ETC and i love this game so far,if you like very heavy narration thi game is for you, if you like the combat ones like Divinity O.S, i think you will fin the combat in this game very basic and boring.Ps. Sorry for my english, is not my native lenguage. =)"
,Recommended,272270,30399376,Posted: 8 March,all,c h i l d s o l d i e r,"incredible game.beautiful and unique world, awesome story.. combat is rare butfun (albeit fairly simple). don't come in to it expecting sci-fipillars of eternity and you are in for a treat. my only gripe isthat it's on the short side. I have not been this engrossed by agame in a long time, it's an ambitiously creative take on the genre."
76561197999725079,Recommended,272270,30273099,Posted: 1 March,all,Nertak,the story is great but the crisis are disappointing not a single fight in the whole game is interesting.
76561198007457380,Recommended,272270,30323095,Posted: 4 March,all,Ooo_Get_You!,The best of the 'new wave' of RPGs. I've not lost myself in a story so much since Baldur's Gate 2. THere is a LOT of reading. But you have to read it. It is not an action game. Try to skip bits and the whole point disapears. But when you do read it it is utterly joyous.A truly beautiful game.
,Recommended,272270,30363871,Posted: 6 March,all,Redhotviking,"If you liked Baldur's Gate, BG2, Planescape: Torment, Fallout 1,2 or Tyranny then you will most likly enjoy this game, It is well written and nailbiting fun, however the combat system and Effort system can be a bit annoying in the start but as you level up and learn more about it, it will infact become quite fun.One flaw in the combat however is the lack of delay turn, especially with aoe abilities that will harm your companions. But this flaw is the only one That bugged me.Another flaw if you will is the lack of re-training your self and your companions so i suggest you focus on reading about the companions and what roles they are suited for and what Edge and pool points you should focus on.My first playthrough had Ali, Mata and Rhin. I myself was a Nano.Ali is easy he works as a close quarter fighter with some spells, making might pool and edge a priority and you wont go wrong, but since he isnt a Glaive his survivability comes from spells and health potion items. But I found him a more likable character than the other melee characters and this is why i kept him around.Mata is another castoff, meaning if she dies in combat he gets back up without any lasting penalties, she is also a rogue with some spell abilities that are very nice. Focus on Speed pool and Edge and you will be fine. Her teleport and damage ability that uses speed is amazing since it only use a move action and places her easily behind opponents and can do untold damage by teleport followed by a weapon strike. Which is why Speed edge and pool is important, she will also aid you greatly with speed releated tasks due to this.Rhin is perhaps the most overpowered companion you can have, but at the same time the weakest by far. She is only a child but her tier 3 ability is amazing and will at this point become a powerhouse of doom. Focusing on Intelligence pool and Edge in the start might crippel you a bit, but in the end game it will pay off. Mainly because her tier 3 ability has 3 uses per day at the cost of 4 intelligence points, the effect is that you do not use up a Cypher. She can also equip a lot of cyphers and this makes her insanly powerful, as a healer and a damage dealer depending on what cyphers you use, but since she is limited to 3 uses per day it is best saved for hard fights. For instance, you have a Cypher you find really early in the game that restores all might, speed and intelligence points you have called the Third man, using this item uses it up, but if rhin activates the ability first she can use it again and again, effectivly being a massive might, speed, intelligence potion that heals all party members near her. Other Cyphers include self ressurect with all pool points restored, aoe heals that heal for a lot and with the proper skills Rhin heals for quite a bit extra, but there are also Cyphers for dealing damage or crowd control and in short, she can infact cause untold damage this way, but only 3 times per day. To make up for her lack of overall health and combat ability a good shield and intelligence based weapon will be needed (or if you divide Speed and intelligence edge/pool evenly she can use dexterity weapon or intelligence weapons) Best to have her at ranged because of her low health points.The story is very well written and with several endings and variations in the epilogue makes it a very replayable game, the main endings can be explored in a single playthrough however, similar to mass effect 3. Door no 1,2,3 (and 4,5,6 in this game)"
76561198050281505,Recommended,272270,25720454,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Toxigor,"Fantastic!   The current build is far more stable then previous.  Really enjoyable game that is heavy on the role-playing and story elements.  Every character you meet is intriguing/bizarre/funny, every location begs to be explored.  A real treat and huge difference from the ""high fantasy"" settings filled with Tolkein-esqe characters that blur together after a few games.  Many of the battles (called a ""Crisis"" in game) play out as puzzle-like situations where you have to rely on manipulating the environment and character skills rather than tactical combat.Note: Previously reviewed as ""Not Recommended"" due to unplayable levels of instability.  Current build is FAR more stable.  One CTD in many hours of play, didn't notice any bugs other than a graphics glitch that resolved on reload."
76561197997710290,Recommended,272270,30269826,Posted: 1 March,all,Bucky With The Good Hair,"It's like playing Fallout 2 for the first time. A lot of people complaning have their nostalgia set to 11, old CRPGs were not fast past until Dragon Age Origins.The setting, tones , dialouge, and depth of the world in this game is consistently blowing me away. This game has lore/conversations/minor investigations just for the sake of having them.I can't put this game down, meanwhile I rack up hour after hour in Pilliars unable to get past the first act because NOTHING IN THAT GAME IS ENGAGNGING IN ANY WAY SHAPE OR FORM.If you enjoyed combat in fallout more than in Baldurs gate, and find marvel strangeworld comics awesome, get this game."
,Recommended,272270,23476097,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Black Cardinal Peaches,"First off, this has been my first foray into the Ninth World of Numenera. I gotta say, I wish I had more opportunities to have experienced it sooner. It's a lovely mixture of SciFi and Fantasy that keeps me coming for more.I'll be blunt with you, friends - The game is still in development as of this posting, but a big new patch was released today, promising many lovely updates to make an already entertaining slice of the game (It IS still being made, after all) into an overall better polished, and more tasteful slice.If you're a fan of old school RPGs, or enjoy sci fi - Hell. Come give the game a shot when it's released. You'll get a kick out of it."
76561198012020183,Recommended,272270,30243237,Posted: 28 February,all,ghork,The story itself is astonishing and it evolves around you. The polished version is much better and many bugs seem fixed. I recommend this game to any C-RPG lovers.
76561198040813589,Recommended,272270,30274071,Posted: 2 March,all,rainbow of meat,"Absolutely love it. The environments are fantastic, the writing is completely on point, and it's not skewed towards  an aggressive/combat-oriented playstyle. There is a lot of reading to be done, which is really a subjective thing (I personally love it). The gameplay itself does feel somewhat linear (not necessarily a bad thing, mind you), but the amount of worldbuilding they do really mitigates that point.Pick this up if you want a well thought out game with one of the most bizzare settings you'll ever see."
,Recommended,272270,21492370,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Shmloos the Shmloss,"I have played the first bits of the game and so far, I am very much impressed. The writing is top-notch, and it really brought back those times when an RPG game really puts you in the shoes of your character. The amount of lore, the presence of literary power, and philosophical queries places this game in my list of video games as gesamntkunstwerk (total art), as an experience. Truly, the developers are one of those legendary people who are sent to this world to create these type of games.The game has its performance issues, of course, since it is still on Early Access. A load of bugs, optimization issues, and in my case, I experience tons of lag especially in the beginning of the game. Hopefully, the developers will do work on these issues and I wish them luck on that.To sum up, this is the type of game you should buy and play because it immerses you into a world that is merely a reflection of our own. The decisions of the Last Castoff are refractions of your decisions in your own life. I think video games (open-ended/open-world RPG's in particular [tho T:ToN is more open-ended]) are an existential commodity that serves as a prism to our own experiences in life. And with the emergence of games like Torment: Tides of Numenera, I think its players will get to answer questions about individuality, the weight of their choices in this tapestry of life, and most importantly, they will get a glimpse of the essence of their existence."
76561198029559086,Recommended,272270,30067604,Posted: 20 February,all,welch,"Great story so far.  The story is engaging and it easily conveys the weight of your choices; even 'small' choices matter.Gameplay, with its classic RPG turn-based and roll mechanics is awesome; makes for a much slower, but critical thinking game play style.Graphics are nice and have a good feel."
76561198021498569,Recommended,272270,30151463,Posted: 24 February,all,techarcana,"I'm not sure I could have asked for more as a ""spiritual successor"" to Planescape:Torment. Love the gameplay and rich characters in the opening chapter. I can't wait to play the full release!"
,Recommended,272270,30257281,Posted: 1 March,all,MaxVonThane,"For all of those who are planning to buy the game i will give you a short ater 15 hours of Torment - ToN (Alpha Access).""BUY IT!Because i was more than entertained since my first hours of the game, and i am still now!The coolest thing on Torment for me is certainly the Numenera setting! The designers have taken full advantage of Numenera's possibilities to create a game that is more than various in it's appearance in the first few hours.It took my hours to step through the first departments of the first city just for talking to every person i can find. I felt every second person in the game has something to tell, that is a holarious amount of occupying content....for me!ATTENTION:I like this alot, but if you want to find more drive in a story, Torment may not be the right thing for you. The mass of text has almost Baldur's Gate 2 level! But the dialogues are all interesting - without exception!Gameplay itself has actually only 2 things to say:1. Depending on your response in the dialogs, you collect skillpoints in the so-called tides. There is a whole bunch of these tides (gold, silver, blue ...) and the tide with the  most collected skill points defines how the character is perceived by its environment.2. You can determine to make skill checks easier by using points from one of the pools (strength, speed and intelligence). However, these pools are limited!"
76561198052295625,Recommended,272270,30256990,Posted: 1 March,all,zbyhnev,"The writing is excellent, the setting mesmerizing, I look forward to many hours spent exploring the world.That being said, the user interface is a cluttered, ugly, kitschy mess I would expect from a Chinese phone game, not what aspires to be an AAA RPG."
,Recommended,272270,30328039,Posted: 4 March,all,Lobster of Violence,"Still working on the initial portion of the game 'Sagus Cliffs', and I have to say, it's been fantastic.  Exactly what I would expect out of a 'Torment' style game, waking up in a strange, alien-esque city, and just learning about it and its inhabitants"
76561197984737819,Not Recommended,272270,30305337,Posted: 3 March,all,No_SuRReNDeR,4 MILLION DOLLARS = ZZzzzzZZZZzzzzWonder what 8 MILLION would get us?
76561198048159888,Not Recommended,272270,30312506,Posted: 4 March,all,Sinner,"I read a lot. I like reading, and I like more thoughtful RPG games but this is Boring. Slow."
76561197968108088,Recommended,272270,30236973,Posted: 28 February,all,Richard,A novel in game form.
76561198254047510,Recommended,272270,30324126,Posted: 4 March,all,ionfujur,8.5Pros:- Great Story- Great Dialogues- Great Sense of humor- No guided theme park dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥Cons:- Combat too simple- Characters animationsWould have been awesome if it somehow mixed a deeper tactical combat system ala Xcom style. (Actions points etc).
76561198066182065,Recommended,272270,30267628,Posted: 1 March,all,"Celsus (""studying"")","I played Planescape: Torment up to the release of Torment: Tides of Numenera. It felt like a fluent transition. Besides the 90's feel of planescape, they feel like brother, made from the same mind. I was a bit surprised at how similar they felt. Very surprised.Maybe its the way I'm looking at it, as these people are looking at it as a game, I'm looking at it as a planescape torment in a new setting.And to be fair, planescape torment was not a criticaly sucessful game, many hated it, many felt it was boring. It was only with those who admired and loved what it was made for that allowed it to be seen as a classic. As such I have a feeling the game will be the same way, not loved by every person, but with the crowd it intends to reach it will succeed.If you currently fire up planescape: torment and like it, you WILL like this game. I am sure of that."
76561198170154906,Recommended,272270,30017192,Posted: 18 February,all,El Cheapo,Just waiting for them to fix the disaster that is the character creation process
76561198023950768,Recommended,272270,30274519,Posted: 2 March,all,MunchkinX2000,"Torment: Tides of Numenera nails the old Fallout 1&2 / Baldurs Gate / Planescape Torment CRPG format.It's what I hoped Pillars of Eternity would be.There is SO much to read and learn about the world, the game ozes with history, lore, personal stories, mystical beings  and throws these at you at a overwhelming pace at first. But then you are able to set in and understand that this world is strange and complex and you are supposed to feel overwhelmed by all the quirky weird billion years old tech gadgets and multidimensional hivemind wizards. The quality of writing is magnificent and the quantity of it is simply immense (as can be expected for a Planescape Torment ""sequel"").While the engine is dated, and graphics are not the focal point of a game that is so rich in story, the graphical design is really beautiful.The Numenera ruleset is quirky and different from what Im used to but I think that sits well with the quirky and different from what Im used to world that the game takes place in.Combat so far has been a bit boring, but that part honestly is the least of my worries in a story driven game like this.I made a promise to my self to never pre-order / kickstart / indiegogo another product if this one falls flat on its face, but it doesnt. It delivers on what I wanted and more. Now I gotta get back to playing the damn thing."
,Recommended,272270,30281492,Posted: 2 March,all,Ch'u,"Very enjoyable/memorable experience. Not recommended for anyone without patience. Dialogue options feel strategic. Failing a dialogue is the same as succeeding a dialogue which prevents save scumming for these kind of games. It allowed me to move forward without ""buyers remorse"" feeling. To say the story took me out of my comfort zone would be a strong understatement. This game is weird. Not the kind of acidtrip everyone's head is a unicorn type of weird either. Nothing felt traditional which made this a very worthwhile experience for me. The writing is astounding. I got my family together and read some of the mini stories to them and they helped pick some of the decisions."
76561198024382288,Not Recommended,272270,30271662,Posted: 1 March,all,OldBlindOne,Like the game but cannot call it a buy at full price. 29.99 or less this may be a good buy but the game feels rough.
76561198110233422,Recommended,272270,30758414,Posted: 26 March,all,Oddstar,"I recommend this game, because overall I did like it, but there is no escaping the fact that it was a big let-down.  Planescape: Torment was one of my favorite games of all time, so when I learned that it was getting a sort of sequel-in-spirit, made by many of the same people, I was very excited.  Then came the waiting.  I have no information about what was going on behind the scenes, but it seems obvious that there must have been serious development troubles, because this game was announced in March 2013 with a scheduled release date of December 2014, but didn't come out until February 2017.  I started and finished law school, passed the bar exam, and started working at a law firm in that same interval.  If I had not had to wait so long, I would not have been so disappointed.The other problem is that this game is inferior to Planescape: Torment in most respects.  P:T had a more interesting story with more interesting characters.  I really cared about my companions in P:T.  They were traveling with me for a reason.  My companions in T:ToN were just sort of there.  With the exception of Matkina, none of them had particularly good reasons to follow me around.  And none of them, except Rhin, had interesting stories or personal quests.  I also found the main character's story to be much less interesting.  In P:T, TNO had this gripping personal saga, and it was just that: personal.  TNO was confronting his own mortality.  He had to learn from his past mistakes.  In T:ToN, the LCO was just being chased by this poorly thought-out monster for not much reason (once you find out what it is and where it came from, it becomes clear that the Sorrow is little more than a weak imitation of a Mass Effect Reaper).  Again, though, what hurt this game for me was the high expectations I had for it.  I was expecting another experience like P:T, and I didn't get it.Why then, if I was so disappointed, am I giving this game a thumbs-up?  Because it was actually a fairly solid journeyman effort.  As long as you go into it with moderate expectations, this is a reasonably enjoyable game.  Far from greatness, but still decent.  It has an interesting setting and competent storytelling.  It is definitely on the easy side, although there are a few serious challenges.  I had hoped for a lot more, but it's still an enjoyable game."
76561198176317979,Recommended,272270,31883987,Posted: 21 May,all,tclucretius,"I thought it was really great - the story, the gameplay, the ideas, the most intellectually stimulating one I've played in a while."
76561198011798889,Not Recommended,272270,32001027,Posted: 27 May,all,kopb,It's like a fake Xmas decorations - a real in any way exept one - they're not making you happy
76561197990307779,Not Recommended,272270,32153845,Posted: 3 June,all,I Agree... No! I Disagree!,It is some kinde of beta at most
,Not Recommended,272270,31815161,Posted: 17 May,all,Fizzgig,"I was only about 30 minutes or so into the game and alot of that was spent reading, when I got to a game breaking glitch with the main quest storyline on being able to turn in and not being able to move past it. It also has a issue with one of your cmpanions getting broke and not following you anywhere. The only way I found to fix it is to get into combat and sometimes after combat he'll start following again. I just wish I hadn't spent so much time reading and talking to everyone and being tabbed out trying to figure out if I was messing up the one quest and just got a refund."
76561198066300977,Not Recommended,272270,30281577,Posted: 2 March,all,mr_jah,"Review was deleted and rewritten after i have finished the game.Guys the only thing that i feel now is regret that i have wasted my money and was waiting for it for so many years.Не покупайте игру - не тратьте деньги, подробно я расписал в комментах."
76561198006500313,Recommended,272270,30294404,Posted: 3 March,all,Daemonis,"This is my first review, I felt compelled to write it after seeing the ""mostly positive"" score.  This game is not for everyone.  It requires a lot of patience Ultimately, likely whether or not you will enjoy this game comes down to what you look for in a game, specifically an rpg.  If you are looking for a game that's fast paced with a lot of combat or a sword and sorcery type of rpg this will dissapoint you.  If on the other hand you are looking to lose yourself in a strange eccentric world and enjoy deep storytelling this game is a marvel.  If, like me, Planescape Torment was among your favorite games of all time then this game will satisfy like no other has since."
76561197995615231,Recommended,272270,30258369,Posted: 1 March,all,Teek,"Less voice acting than I would have liked, but I gave an orphan a gun and made her kill some people, so 10/10."
,Recommended,272270,30214407,Posted: 26 February,all,SidAlpha,"https://youtu.be/Or8mXimXB0wI showcased Torment: Tides of Numenera on my FIrst Impressions Series Is it worth it? And I can honestly say that I am exceptionally impressed with the game's story arc and it's mechanics so far. It definitely shows off the Numenera TTRPG system and that it can indeed adapt well to a PC Gaming experience.A true CRPG by every definition that I can think of, I found nothing to fault with the game.. and as a Reviewer I was actively looking for issues. If I were to claim a fault it would be some of the walls of text can get a touch tedious and could potentially turn away those that are new to the genre, but fans of CRPGswill eat it up as much as I did.9/10 This game has been outstanding so far and I look forward to exploring everything it has to offer!"
76561198052740618,Not Recommended,272270,32886808,Posted: 27 June,all,Glade,"I love the art style, but the game was clearly made on huge budget. Not worth even the half price discount."
76561197983045327,Recommended,272270,30683349,Posted: 23 March,all,Floro,"Just finished the game. Overall impressions are very postive, mostly thanks to the Numenera setting and pretty good writing.The world of the game is pretty bizzare to say the least and in some parts feels like it came straight out from the creepiest pages of some P.K. D i c k novel. Of course while some quests are great, the others are pretty generic, but I wouldn't call any of them dull. The main questline is pretty good too, I found it involving and interesting with all its transhumanistic ideas and moral issues being the highlights. Now that I think about it, the game's plot also has some pretty depressing and would-be shocking moments, but unfurtunetely they are obscured by the overall otherworldliness of the setting.On a bad side, the story is somewhat unevenly paced with the Sagus Cliffs and Bloom parts being intense and content heavy while the middle and the final parts of the game feel mostly like linear fillers or story propellers.Character writing is okay, it's not stellar, but definetely not a failure as many reviewers on Steam suggest. But I must admit I felt the characters to be more of a gateway to understanding the Ninth World rather than some ""very interesting"" personalities you're supposed to run around and pester for the duration of the whole game.Now let's talk about the GAMEPLAY itself. That's where Numenera actually fails in a pretty bad way. While I like the Cypher System and think that it has been implemented pretty well within the game, I can't help but admit that the balance between stat pools is clearly off with Intellect being by far the most superior stat and Might being by far the most inferior, especially considering that the game is short on combat sequences.Another downside is that apart from the game's early stages you never feel threatened to run out of your stats resources, the pools are simply too big and, even more importantly, there's way too much possibilities for resting and refilling those pools. Most of the tasks are also too easy to complete, rendering the whole Effort system almost useless.Cyphers are another interesting part of the game, but just as with the stat pools you rarely feel any need for them because of how easy the game is how rare the fights are.Same goes for the abilities, there's simply too many of them for the absolutely tiny amout of combat within the game. That makes them feel unimpactful and redundant. But that's kind of a problem for the absolute majority of RPGs out there, too much useless and meaningless  junk, especially when it comes to skills and abilities.Tides are a good moral (viewpoint) indicator, but the problem with it again is that they change so slowly that no one decision feel very impactful when it comes to the Tides. It kind of makes sense when you think about it from the ideological point of view, but absolutely fails as a gameplay element.Overall I can recommend this game to anyone who isn't afraid of reading and is looking for an RPG that can offer you more than 10 romance options and 100 craftable items out of 1000 types of resources. It's a rough gem that could benifit a lot from proper play testing and tuning, but even as it is now, it can give you a lot if you bother to read and reflect."
,Recommended,272270,31791496,Posted: 16 May,all,FortAngel,"Much like Planescape: Torment, you're likely to either fall squarely into this game's audience or not like it at all. While it doesn't pack *quite* the storytelling punch of its predecessor, Torment: Tides of Numenera is well worth playing if you're a fan of the story-rich atmospheric RPG."
76561197994042718,Recommended,272270,30236914,Posted: 28 February,all,youcucles,"I got this game because I'm a fan of the first torment game. While diffrent, there are enough similarities that I am still happy."
76561197982844462,Recommended,272270,30243657,Posted: 28 February,all,brassi77,"Okay, this is easy.  This is a traditional crpg following the traditional crpg formula.  All the systems and content crpg fans expect are included.  No system is different enough or lite enough (or too heavy) to be a deal breaker from what I've seen.  It is reading heavy and story heavy as would be expected from a PST inspired game.Fans of traditional formula and content crpgs will like this game unless you really hate TB as the combat and any opposing action is TB mode (called conflict, it is a decent system with decent combat).If you are new to crpgs if you liked Pillars of Eternity, Tyranny, WL2, Divinity: OS, Underrail, I can easily recommend this.  If what draws you to these games is a particular system or subsystem instead of the tried and true and loved traditional crpg formula"
76561198033836833,Recommended,272270,31871370,Posted: 20 May,all,Corrupted Bunny,"This game has done a very good job at being a successor to Planescape: Torment. Looking at it strictly from a Numenera aspect, everything is a little stripped down, but that is to be expected in a video game, but all the core aspects of Numenera are here. The classes, cyphers, artifacts, and the world in general is appropriate for the setting. Your companions are just as diverse as you find in P:T, but it can be tough to find a connection with them unless you really put in the effort. Each has a story to tell if you take the time to find it.Just like the first game, your actions matter. Everything you do and say, every fight you start or stop, will all have a consequence. Your choices will also shape how the world responds to you, for better or worse. Just like the first game, this one is very dialogue heavy, and there are many instances where you can completely avoid a fight if your crafty. My first run took me 16 hours, though I didn't explore every possibility thrown at me, so expect to get 10-40 hours out of this title. With all the diverse options thrown at you, there is some replay value as well if you want to look at the other options availiable. While I took the peaceful path, I didnt really feel like I was missing anything by not going full rambo. This is a true Black Trenchcoat RPG story, so if your expecting you can just hack and slash your way out of every situation and ignore the intrigue and depth of the world, thats your choice, just like every other choice you can make and just like Planescape, find the answer to a very profound question....What does one life matter?"
76561198027065244,Recommended,272270,33172600,Posted: 3 July,all,Dreamfall,"I'll precursor this by saying that Planescape: Torment is, in fact, my favorite game of all time.  I must have played it through a million times when it was released.  However, after reading the reviews my expectations for this weren't terribly high, for this I am glad now.  I actually really love this game.  Once you figure out the dynamics it does become fun.  At first it's confusing, but as you quest you are rewarded, and taught the different aspects of the game.  It is RPG heavy, and light on the fighting.  My character put into everything but fighting so she could be successful in persuasion, machines, mystic etc.  She sucks in battle but the other three have her back so I have faired well almost 20 hours in.Pros:Fantastic storylineGreat writingInteresting questsInnovative conceptsCool itemsCons:Aside from her saying ""I'm hurt"" not much of a nod toward the first oneTides seem based on dev bias i.e. what I think of as a compassionate response might not yield gold tide, so I have to reload occassionally to keep my tide where I want it based on how I would answer.UI is sort of 1999, I would have prefered Fallout 3 or Dragon Age (Baldur's Gate) updates.  That being said they aren't unbearable, and they are more refined than other games with similar graphics and UI.Lots of reading, as a bookworm I don't mind but I put it as a potential con because I don't want people to underestimate just how much reading there is.Only two choices for character appearance: man or woman... think back to early Fallout games, but even then you got to play with hairstyles lol.-------It's a great game, definitely worth 20 bucks, so if you see it on sale I would get it."
,Recommended,272270,33008524,Posted: 29 June,all,Amaraen,"I bought and played this game after it was patched to 1.1.I played one playthrough for 26 hours.I enjoyed all that time.I did not find the game's story as massively engaging as I found Planescape: Torment but I found it more than good enough to keep me interested the whole way. Regardless, it would be unfortunate for me, and anyone else, to negatively review this game solely because of my nostalgic enjoyment of an older game.I found the combat too easy, but I don't really care about the combat when I bought this game for story and writing."
76561197984307333,Not Recommended,272270,30338710,Posted: 5 March,all,Ragman,"Sorry this is not a review of the game because it is unplayable for me at this time. I will not waist my time playing it if the save function does not work. I have done so many searches to find any kind of a save file but alas to no avail.This game seems very interesting to me and I really want to play it so I can give it an objective review. Unfortunatly, as of now untill this issue is fixed by InXile I can not recommend it to anyone unless you have better luck than me finding the secret save folder."
76561198071823328,Recommended,272270,30303339,Posted: 3 March,all,Elsenrail,"A deep, rich RPG. It is very text heavy. Not everyone will find it atttractive, but overall it is a decent game. It's different than Pillars of Eternity, but this is a good thing, since there is more variety in this comeback of isometric RPGs."
,Recommended,272270,30329919,Posted: 4 March,all,bruno_malta,"This game is everything that i never tought i would see again. It is a classic RPG on the same vein of Planescape: Torment. It has a excelent world, top notch characters and a awesome script. This games rewards exploration and it is possible to avoid battles entirely. I highly recommend it and i hope to see a sequel in the future."
76561197999440643,Recommended,272270,24308366,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,ruairimagee,"So far I've clocked in just over 4 hours of Tides and I have to say it's just whizzed by. I've been waiting for this game to be released for what seems like an eternity (my own personal torment) and although this is just a Beta it still gives a great indication of what the finished game will be like.I was a big, big fan of Planescape Torment and this game so far is matching (and surpassing) my expectations. Great story telling, interesting characters, beautiful scenery and a multitude of choices/ options.A few other niggly things i expect to get fixed before final release - maps aren't clickable; bugs exist on UI and inventory screen (which is to be expected); the skill system does take a bit of time getting used to and it can be a tad confusing at the start; and no Morte :-(Overall a bright start and it makes me excited for the 2017 release (which seems like agesss away!)"
76561198011054887,Recommended,272270,30383453,Posted: 7 March,all,opethandoceans,I can't believe anyone would not recommend this game. Unless you are crazy impatient or have an issue with reading you should absolutely love this game.
76561198032327186,Recommended,272270,31136247,Posted: 14 April,all,bluepixievil,"Very, very short.I like the skill/ combat system, which is different and seems to work well. I like the content as far as it goes.  With the exception of the starting city however the content seems very sparse, and the game, after all the buildup, is very short.So I'd have to say that after all the time and buildup it didn't live up to expectations."
76561197983270703,Recommended,272270,22386922,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,FinrodSilver,"This is a beta review.So far, the writing is great and I can't wait for the full release of the game itself. I actually stopped playing to not go through too much of the story."
,Recommended,272270,30248323,Posted: 28 February,all,kzk|cz,Almost same good like Torment! Great game!
,Recommended,272270,30377180,Posted: 7 March,all,Trinitrotoluene,"Amusing and entertaining with some pulls of nostalgia. I had read that this was a spiritual successor to Planescape: Torment and i have to say i agree with this. Story so far is intriguing and have found a small variety of companions to join my adventure. Combat system is straight forward with 1 movement action and one combat action, which can also be used as a movement action. Graphics won't have you in tears of awe but are sufficient not to detract from the experience for those who are not focused solely on them. If you seek a worthy RPG that balances difficulty, story, puzzles, and atmosphere then i urge you strongly to give this game a chance to sate your appetites."
,Recommended,272270,30270949,Posted: 1 March,all,BEAVER,Every inch of this game is endlessly fascinating.
,Not Recommended,272270,30363321,Posted: 6 March,all,Danizal,Found a game breaking bug and cannot bring myself to care anymore to play it. It was fun and interesting to see a world made out of creativity. But disruptions into the core of the gameplay ruins it for me.Do not waste your time unless you don't mind sloppily finished games. The forums are littered with bug threads.
,Recommended,272270,30428224,Posted: 10 March,all,ShogunATL,"I remember playing a bit of Planescape:Torment back in the day, but I don't really remember it that well.  So I came at Torment: Tides of Numenera from a fresh perspective, I also know that spiritual successor doesn't mean direct sequel.  So I wasn't expecting one.  I have to say that I was almost immediately immersed in this game.  The Numenera setting is a mind blowing, imagination inspiring setting that I have had such an amazing time in this game.I'm about 30 or so hours in on my first play through, and I really don't want it to come to a close.  I'm also, for the first time in a while, feeling fairly conflicted about which paths to choose, because the consequences of my actions actually seem to carry weight.The combat is simple, but can be challenging as well.  I'm playing a nano, and I've just reached tier 4, so I've got some pretty sweet abilities.  But I actually get more fun out of trying to avoid combat if I can.  My next playthrough will be on a Glaive (the warrior class) and we'll see how differently it plays from that angle.This is quickly becoming one of my favorite cRPGs in recent times, easily eclipsing Tyranny (Tyranny was great, but really really left me wanting more), Pillars of Eternity was good too, but came off a tad generic.  Again, for me, the star of this game really is the setting of the Ninth World, and the ecclectic mix of characters, settings, and abilities you'll find there.  I highly recommend you give this game a try.  Once you make it through the first hour and half or so, you'll be hooked."
76561198139383224,Recommended,272270,30428893,Posted: 10 March,all,destrochris,"This game is simply amazing, I made a clever nano with a silver tongue. I put so much point in intellect and persuasion that I made most of the game without fighting (except where I had no choice). Hell, I took control of a gigantic being (the Bloom) that ran on despair for fuel. I could have killed if I wanted too, but I decided that since he was the enemy of my enemy I might as well let him live. I ended the game by choosing to merge every castoffs in my body and becoming a God that surpassed the Changing God. I became known as the teacher of healers and much like the avatar I brought balance to the world. This was only one ending amongs't many. For my next playthrought, I am torn apart in between and impulsive warrior or some backstabbing thief or something. What I love most about this game is that nothing is black and white. You might decide to be merciful one day, and the little creature you spare end up being some serial killer later. Hell is paved with good intentions. Even if the combat system is quite clunky, there is merit to it and I learned to enjoy it. There is a form of tactic to it and it can be rewarding at time, keep in mind this is the game main weakspot, the other being the lack of voice acting, but I can understand that since the script is more than a million words long and that voice acting is quite costly for the devs.10/10 would play againI want more content or else I will die, I need my dose of tides."
76561198021935264,Recommended,272270,28798588,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,verschiedennamig,Greetings!I realy love this game but please do me a favor: Let us click on portraits! I love that nostalgic feeling of .. you know clickin on the portrait and it opens the inventory/charmenu for example.. Thats a very important thing for me. Please. Thanke you!ps.: i would also love to have the possebility of clicking on the player to open the charmenu..... of course each to activate or turn off in the options :-)~~~NANO~~~
76561197995253071,Recommended,272270,30394774,Posted: 8 March,all,cowpuncher,Good game in terms of story has a lot of hidden things you can miss and interesting characters you will meet. Combat is on par with the first one pretty bland but I never expected much. Reading a lot of reviews it feels like most people never even played PS:T before it became the hip thing to do but to me it feels like I'm playing the game again and it suffers from the same problems as the original while also possessing the same quirks that the original had that made me remember it fondly.I'll probably see it as a must have RPG in a few years and everyone will pretend they loved it before it became the cool thing to do but anybody who liked PS:T and all of it's flaws should like this as well.
76561198002122212,Recommended,272270,30397047,Posted: 8 March,all,Krylea,"I enjoyed the game. I understand why a lot of other people were unsatisfied with it, but to me the story and world are the most important parts and those were excellent. The combat was definitely a bit lackluster - but, that being said, you can get through the game with almost no combat at all depending how you play."
76561198004275416,Recommended,272270,29656155,Posted: 2 February,all,Deadreckoning,"Love this game already, the world is very interesting and the writing is great!  Buggy right now though keep getting stuck in combat in the Lanaconic Lazaret mission after fighting the drones."
76561198059584613,Recommended,272270,29118258,Posted: 8 January,all,Yumtoy,"The beta shows lots of potential. If the rest of the game is at least as good as this first part, then it will most definitely become one of the best RPGs. The only thing about which I would complain is the voice acting, espeically Matkina and Callistege's-they feel somewhat off."
76561197975912077,Recommended,272270,30507380,Posted: 14 March,all,Vicarious,"SCORE6 / 10TLDRBest to wait for a sale. Not because it isn't worth the money, but because it is a massive departure from what is familiar.POSITIVESVERY WELL OPTIMIZED, AND BUG FREE. VISUALLY APPEALING. UTILIZES THE PILLARS OF ETERNITY FRAMEWORKCHARACTERS ARE ORIGINAL AND INTERESTINGCOMBAT IS NOT THE ONLY WAY TO WIN, YOU CAN BE CREATIVE AND EXPLORING BRANCHING STORY ARCSNEGATIVESTRADITIONAL RPG SYSTEMS AREN'T USED. LEAVING SOME PLAYERS UNCOMFORTABLEPLAYERS ONLY HAVE 3 MAJOR STATS. MIGHT, SPEED, AND INTELLIGENCE WITH STAT POOLS THAT CAN BE USED TO INFLUENCE DIFFICULTY CHECKS, FOR EXAMPLE.IT IS LESS HUMOROUS THAN THE TITLE IT TAKES INSPIRATION FROM, CHOOSING INSTEAD TO BE MORE SERIOUSDate Reviewed4/4/2017PLAYTIME5.7 HrsMore Game Reviews"
76561198009551011,Not Recommended,272270,30323309,Posted: 4 March,all,Zsolo,I so wanted to like the game but the game is slow tons of reading which is not that bad but the combat kills the game.
76561198087761399,Recommended,272270,30332999,Posted: 5 March,all,tim_brook_,"Bit disappointed as I ordered the immortal edition and havent received any downloads or links, or any instruction.This game is good, but very short. It is nowhere near the length of PoE and does not have as much content or flexibility. For a game that emphasized choice and consequence, it does not live up to its promises. The adventure is on a railway track, you cant go back to any locations once you have left them, character developement is kind of redundant, you dont need all of those combat skills because there arent enough opportunities for conflict and your party members, considering how much talk was made about how versatile they are, break down to one of two major life choices to decide their fate.As a fan of the tabletop I have to say I cannot believe that you don't get to fight ANY mutated future monster hybrids, like, not one, except the Nachywhatever. Also, no wilderness exploration locations? Whats that about? Numenera is full of that.There are 3 major locations. All of which you have seen extensively in videos and screenshots. The game was spoiled for me by this. They gave way too much away online and hinted that there was a lot more to explore, but no, if you have flipped through the screenshots and watched the trailer you have seen 99% of locations in the game.Considering the amount of money they raised and the promises that included, I am disappointed overall.*SPOILER TIME*Why the tides? Do you have to have a hamfisted karma system in every game? When it works it works, fallout etc, but here I thought the whole idea of tides was childish and forced in. It made very little difference to gameplay and was not fully thought out. It detracted from the game a lot and is definitely not Numenera canon. I mean, why can the rest of the world live without tides and be fine? Why does only the Sagus protectorate descend into madness with the tides removed? It makes little sense and is explained by, we are castoffs we're special.so lets say the Changing god has been around for a thousand years, which he hasnt as it is stated that he started this practise after the tabaht conflict which was a few hundred years ago in the game. So they also say he changes every decade or so. lets be generous and give him 500 years. At a castoff per decade thats 50 cast offs. So he would have had to be over 3000 years old to have around 300 castoffs. A lot of which are dead/disappeared. So the Sorrow, this extradimensional being is summoned into existence for, at an absolute max 300 people? Over 3000 years? That have affected a tiny portion of the world and made it sad? Not buying it. Should have just made a cool canonical numenera game.Basically this game follows the plot of throne of bhaal/shadows of amn.why does every game you guys make have to be about gods and changing the world/universe?? You know most rpg people would be happy with more freedom over character origin/backstory and a main quest that was about the land you are in specifically, you know factions, politics who you work for etc an just that, but well done and fleshed out. Not always, I am the chosen one, I must know myself/find my creator/mysterious scientist man/god who is bothering/hunting me. Its like the hero's journey on steroids, every time.If you are going to make a game out of existing IP then why not use that IP and lore that worked so well? Why invent new areas/factions/really big important reasons? if you already have lore and history that not only works a lot better and has had way more time to be improved and refined but you have also paid for the rights to, then why oh why would you recreate the same story you have told with other IP in this universe? I suspect that there is someone within your team that is like, let's make a difference guys, let's change people's perspectives, let's enlighten people. Yet instead of doing those things you are forcefeeding us the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t karmic/universal/finding yourself story in different formats. We are not looking for games like this to enlighten us or make us better people, there are plenty of opportunities in the modern age for access to material that is much more profound and likely to affect us than a Crpg. Please just stick to making good games and stop trying to affect us spiritually, it is incredibly boring and done in a really amateurish way.All in all this game has all the elements to be truly great. I am hoping that a decent amount of time is spent on making some great DLC to really open it up and give us a more exploratory/self created adventure."
76561198038219083,Recommended,272270,34785821,Posted: 6 September,all,scaramouche666,"I havent yet managed to bring myself to check it out again since the servants of the tides update, but I did enjoy this game. It was relatively to lose myself in the immersive world and I enjoyed doing so. Some idea of class progressions would have been nice to avoid wasting level up choices, but I forgive that as you are a literal newborn at the games start unaware of what anything is, so thematically it makes sense. I spent hours running around the starting area figuring out what I could do and how I wanted my character to develop.Sadly the later parts of the game did not feel as good, much smaller than expected and so I finished not just wanting more, but actually going ""is this it?"" I'd still recomend to players of the old rpg's but be aware that in spite of how it feels at the start it just isn't as big as you expect..."
,Recommended,272270,35193878,Posted: 24 September,all,JohnBrownLives,"Excellent game, great story.  This ain't a dungeon crawl so don't pick it up for that.  Get this if you like the emersive story aspect of RPGs.  Some of the combat mechanics are wonky, but worth the buy."
,Not Recommended,272270,30895088,Posted: 2 April,all,mgk | brutha,"It was a fun game until it got stuck loading at 49% when going to the next area, preventing me to play any more :("
,Recommended,272270,31853847,Posted: 19 May,all,Plump4Trump,A very interesting game. It's missing a wisecracking skull but they upped the weirdness factor to make up for it. I'd like to see more combat opportunities in upcoming DLC.
,Recommended,272270,34739184,Posted: 4 September,all,Calcographer,"Simply put, if you were playing CRPGs in the 90s, this game feels like a natural extension of the era. Much like those games of the 90s, you'll spend a lot of time reading. If you're not ready to read, then this game isn't for you.Otherwise, Torment:ToN successfully delivered on it's promise to be the spiritual successor to Planescape: Torment. I may even be hated for saying I preferred Torment: Tides over Planescape: Torment.Give it a go. I hope to see more from inXile in this setting."
76561198067378166,Not Recommended,272270,30321774,Posted: 4 March,all,leejohnson4444,Cannot play the game because it will not save or let me continue games. Absolutely ZERO customer support. Unable to recieve a refund because I played over two hours without realizing I could not save the game and also was a kickstarter. Lesson learned the jerk devs got thier money and that is all they care about. Probably a good thing I could not play it based on the reviews of those that could.
76561198000546700,Recommended,272270,30718120,Posted: 24 March,all,eyal_fass,"i just finished the game, and while i do have some issues with it, i believe i got a good return for my investment.the story was well constructed, and i was able to puzzle and talk my way through most of the game without combat (as a good RPG should allow). i also enjoyed the ability to solve most quests in more then one way.however, there are a few issues which would have made this a real masterpiece had they been addressed.1. the game is SHORT, even doing all the side quests it took me about 20 hours to complete in total.2. the game itself is very linear in progression, you lack much of the flexability PS:T allowed you.3. the combat system is very very unresponsive and slow, this is very problematic when you have at least three points during the game where you cannot avoid it."
76561198071759921,Recommended,272270,30269446,Posted: 1 March,all,SoulWizard7,"20 hours in and I am absolutely loving this game. I might do a better review later but just wanted to push in a thumbs up for this game. I want to adress the negative reviews: There have always been changes, some good some bad, from the orginal fallouts, BGs, Icewind dales, Planescape: Torment, Pillars, Wasteland 2, Tyranny (Absolutely loved ALL of them) and now Torment: Tides of Numenera. There have always been changes to suit the game story, lore and gameplay. There were always changes that made you think why?, eventually it didn´t matter and maybe was a good thing after all, some things maybe not so much, but it was always fun. The true adventure with these games is in your mind, and with the writing in this game makes it so easy. Its the best writing in years!As an oldschooler I think the devs have done an fantastic job. Cant wait to finish the game.10/10 would trade a child to slavers for skills again"
76561197970570259,Recommended,272270,30597990,Posted: 18 March,all,Tanuki Parade,"A fantastically sculpted adventure.  Beautifully drawn landscapes are populated with interesting characters, and the world has a spectacular back-story.  Gameplay itself is fresh, and the story is not combat driven, although the player has many opportunities to engage in violence if it is sought.  Read the first page of the manual, then learn the rest through experience.It's an excellent game in the same vein as Planescape: Torment.  This is definitely worth playing, and inXile should be supported in their efforts to make great rpgs.  In all those millions of words, I didn't find a single typo.---Spoilers follow---The narrative is compelling at first, but falters after the first act, and the game is ultimately over just as my interest peaked.  Maybe I'm a jaded fogey, but I feel like the game needed two more acts, and several more hours of gameplay and interaction in order to bring the narrative to a satisfying close.Overall, the story feels rushed.  Many revelations don't even have time to sink in before the player is forced to make game-ending decisions.  The big, scary antagonist's motives are never fully explained to my satisfaction (they are revealed in a database in a memory-- come on!), and the human antagonist's motivations are ultimately boring.I enjoyed the meres, but felt they needed more impact on long-term gameplay.  I like the memory referencing oolatek and the Heavy Metal movie!!!"
,Recommended,272270,29237073,Posted: 13 January,all,cbolton,"Tides of Numenera really feels like the first time I played Planescape Torment.  From bizzare and wonderous locations to strange companions, its heading down the right path.  I've seen some negative comments about combat and considering I've only played a few hours I can't really be definitive, but so far, what combat I have encontered, the sytem they use works and I'm not finishing combat dissapointed.  From what I have experienced, I would say that Tides is focused more on the story telling, and thats certainly not a bad thing as there are so many story paths to tell.  If you liked Torment, Tides is different, way different, but I don't think you'll be dissapointed in what you get."
76561197963973496,Recommended,272270,29252347,Posted: 14 January,all,[GA] Doops,"Tides of Numenera by nXile studios is the successor title to Torment Planescape (1999) developed by Balck Isle.No longer based in the 2nd edition D&D universe of Planescape. We are in the 9th world of Numenera. However Torment: Tides of Numernera is wirtten by a heavy hitter in the gaming industry Chris Avellone. Chris has worked on titles such as the original Torment, Fallout 2, Baldur's Gate. This is most definitely what people are calling  ""text heavy"" and it's exceptional.This is a great rendition of the pillars of eternity unity engine. Character models looks great, every district you enter has its own artistic merits and acheivment. You can't help but play to learn more about the world of Numenera."
76561198002550809,Recommended,272270,30656493,Posted: 21 March,all,Old Grumbler,"An excellent game for those who value narratively driven character arcs and original settings. In particular, fans of the Numenera tabletop game should enjoy seeing it brought to life. While the combat does drag a little bit, the unique and otherworldly characters, situations, and objects contained herein should do more than enough to keep your interest high.Be warned, like many isometric RPGs there is a hefty amount of reading involved."
76561198032582116,Not Recommended,272270,29563905,Posted: 29 January,all,breezingthrough,"Do not support.InXile have set stretch goals collected millions, then dropped many of the goals (most) because it is not profitable enough.This game regardless of the end quality is not half of what was promised and or paid for, not only should it be avoided but any KS/crowd funding should not be given to InXile let them spend their own profits and millions of games from now on."
,Recommended,272270,30730737,Posted: 25 March,all,Fowlbeard,"Excellent old school RPG. However a bit too much reading for my taste, but I still played it to the end. Because the world is so interesting and different. And lots of detail is put into meaningful choices, items and characters. I expected more combat gameplay going in, but often solved my conflicts with exploration skills instead. Be prepared to ""read"" more than u ""play"". Had they somehow managed to voice act most of this game. That would have made the entire thing MUCH more enjoyable. But that is probably not realistic concidering how massive the script it is. Would have liked a little more character progression, revisiting old areas and more ""filler"" combat stuff to balance out all the reading. After the bloom, it felt like an act was missing, because the ending seemed somehow rushed.I rate it7,8/10."
76561198325150897,Recommended,272270,29235063,Posted: 13 January,all,karlwilson1986,"its a great game but be warned, its very text heavy. its a good storyline but if you dont want a game with a fair amount of reading then this may not be for you. the only other issue that you may hear about is people moaning that things were cut from the game, this isnt noticable at all and infact very little was actually not implemented into the game. its a great solid work of art.if your still in two minds whether to purchase this game or not then id recommend you wait until some of the (few) bugs in the game have been sorted."
,Recommended,272270,30306955,Posted: 3 March,all,Derth,Fun game. Planescapy without the Planescape. Not perfect but I'm liking the story so far.
76561198217069788,Recommended,272270,30104793,Posted: 22 February,all,Peace of Mind,"To anyone comming here with a open mind looking foward to buy this game: a LOT o people gave this game bad reviews based on the fact that they promissed a unpause-pause battle mode which they changed to a turn-based. While the complains are legit, it DOES NOT reflect the quality of the game itself (they will probably also thumbs down this review to death too).The game has a really good narrative, voice acting and dialogues. Your choices matters a lot. I liked the way you do notdirectly customize your character. Instead, the choices you make on the start of the games customize your character for you (and you can not change it).I have not yet finished the game, but I already feel attracted to its lore and envolving atmosphere. I feel like I want to know story and that the protagonist I control is really myself and not a 3rd person.The fight system is a turn-based and rely on your primary attributes: might, speed and intellect. You have points on these attributes which is spent during the fight. The amount of max points on each attributes varies on the caracter creation. These points can also be used to easy your way on the storyline (like ""etiquette"" on Shadowrun). In some situations, like a dialogue, you can use might points to intimate the person you're talking to, the more points you spend, the higher is the chance to have a succesful outcome.The flaws on this game relies on the fact that theres not a quest ticker on the map/mini-map like many RPGs (espcially open-worlds), which i think it would make the game flow easier for people with avarage english (like myself) who do not completly understand those well-written texts. Thats a small feature which I miss a lot.Overall, I'd give the game a 9/10."
76561198007807564,Not Recommended,272270,30263079,Posted: 1 March,all,Drunetovich,"One wrong choice in conversation sent me to gameover screen with last autosave from two hours ago. I quit playing at this point, story is interesting but just not worth replaying last two hours for me."
,Recommended,272270,30661769,Posted: 21 March,all,Xaelvik,"I am one of the exceptions here in that I enjoyed the lengthy dialogue, despite its sometimes tedious verbosity. I enjoyed my experience, although, as other reviewers have mentioned, this game is not without its flaws. Predominantly, I didn't find myself particularly drawn to any party members, as their characterization seemed a bit tepid and lacked that distinctive allure that party members in similar game offerings feature.The conclusion was disappointingly, but expectedly, abrupt. I was pleased, however, that my dominant tides were at least referenced at the end, even if I didn't feel that they had a significant impact. The later sections in the game felt somewhat rushed in comparison to earlier sections.Again, I'll place myself in the minority by stating that the dearth of combat options didn't irk me. Plenty of alternatives exist, new and old, in terms of other RPGs if combat is a must. I enjoyed actually being able to think outside of the box to some extent, even if sometimes the presented options seemed a bit contrived or unimpactful. I really thought the ""Tides"" system, while admittedly simply another version of various RPG attribute systems, was nonetheless interesting in its own right, and characters throughout the game commonly remark on your dominant tides or when you behave in a manner inconsistent with previous choices.This game does take place in a futuristic setting riddled with anachronisms, and it feels like a setting straight out of a Jules Verne or H.G. Wells novel.The soundtrack is pleasant but largely forgettable, and voiceovers are sparse, which is probably a good thing since the quality of the voices, when present, leaves something to be desired.Ultimately, if you're looking for an epic that keeps you on the edge of the seat, I advise you to look elsewhere. This isn't Star Wars or Mass Effect (and I have a great admiration for these), but I can appreciate it for what it is: an enigmatic, intruiguingly bizarre, and beautifully rendered creation with sometimes engaging and sometimes tedious prose that will wholly absorb you if you allow it. It's not going to be in my top five RPGs, but it was an enjoyably unique experience nonetheless."
76561198038548482,Recommended,272270,20773529,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,xXxAngelxXx,"So long long time ago I played 1st Torment game. When i saw this one on steam i had to get it .So this is based on the early access . keep in mind many things will change .It is a very story driven game. Many choices . Many dialouge option. Very rich game. interesting locations.Feel very old school and this should tell you its going to be amazing .if you played BG 1 , 2 , fallout 1,2 it is in the same style.IMO it can only get better . So far i love the game i actually read every single thing . I dont do it in other game . strange how good writing can make you read ."
76561198033308586,Not Recommended,272270,30326178,Posted: 4 March,all,merciless_night,Yeah the world and character and really interesting But there is a to much bug to be enjoyable for me. Also there was  a point in the game where i played for 5 hour without a single fight and was getting really bore but than a fight yay and the game crash during enemy turn every time i try again to past it and just had to ignore it all togheter and continue roaming untill someone `try`to fix this game... if you were to be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in game you would must certainly have more fun it sad.
76561198027055300,Recommended,272270,29611330,Posted: 31 January,all,MensIuguolo,"YES.So much YES.This game is so good, it's worth every penny. The stories are so rich, character creation is so fluid, it's simply fun fun fun."
,Recommended,272270,30348443,Posted: 5 March,all,The Livid Christ,"Torment:ToN currently holds a score of 84 on Steam, which is why I'm writing this review.That's far too low.The reasons for this title to have a score lower than approx. 92 (which is about what I'd give it) are as follows:Torment:ToN was not designed to appeal to mainstream gamers. It was Kickstarted by people for whom the original Planescape:Torment was one of the best gaming experiences they'd ever had. People buying it on Steam without having had experience with PC games from the 1990s are unlikely to get something they expect.Torment:ToN won't be playable for people who don't read much, or who read slowly, or who need plenty of hand-holding to figure out what to do. It's true the game has a fantastic journal which notes new information for you and keeps track of what you're working on, but players who grew up with the flashing 'X' on their mini-map and an arrow pointing in the direction of the goal are likely to get overwhelmed.Game critics have called the Crisis combat system poor -- I don't understand this, personally. I enjoy the combat system enough to want to see it return in other games. It's streamlined, sensible, and challenging when it should be.Other critics have said the game should have been longer. I'm just out of the first area and I'm already planning my second playthrough. I expect to get many hours of gameplay out of Torment.Note also that this game is not priced at triple-A cost. It's about forty dollars now and I've already got sixty hours of gameplay on it.People say the character models are wonky. I don't understand what people want. I think the graphics are beautiful.In my opinion, the majority of people giving Torment a thumbs-down *must* be the sorts of players for whom it was never intended: children, poor readers, gamers who don't like an intellectual challenge, gamers who depend on iMac-easy tutorials, gamers who need to be told exactly where to go...I think this paints a pretty clear picture.If you love great interactive fiction and the ability to twist your story 1,000 ways, stunningly creative settings, and truly inventive puzzles, this is a game you're going to like.If you're really, really into first-person shooters, you should probably move along.Bravo, InExile. This is easily your best work of art to date.Last note: there are many scorching, damning reviews on T:ToN. Most (all that I've seen) are by players with as few as five or as many as thirty hours in. As I wrote, I have sixty hours and just left the first area. Subtracting a few hours for when I left it paused, let's assume I spent thirty-five hours on that beginning section. What this means is either I'm a terrible reader, or these negative reviewers aren't playing/reading much of the game. Often these bad reviews mention that the game is boring to them. Clearly, if you skim through a book, it's going to be boring. By all means, take bad reviews into account, but note the played hours, too. It's simply not possible to *get* Torment without putting in time."
76561198008137198,Not Recommended,272270,30318169,Posted: 4 March,all,at.stewart,"Enlessly buggy, particuarly combat which often won't let you perform actions. I suggest this be avoided until all the bugs are fixed."
76561198025836120,Not Recommended,272270,30695544,Posted: 23 March,all,Lathrael,"This game, sadly, is rather boring than being deep.Coming from someone who actually likes text based rpg's."
76561198024168202,Not Recommended,272270,30323595,Posted: 4 March,all,sidΞWay,"Overall...I have to say I'm very disappointed. Numenera is definitely not the game it was promised to be.The Good:Music and sounds - Weird, bizzare and mysterious, just like the 9th World itself.Location design - Incredible, weird, curious, mysterious, ""numenerish"".The Bad:Main Plot - ""What does one life matter?"", in the end the game doesn't really answer that question.Side quests - They are just there, forgettable and in the end it's all about the % roll on persuasion.Linear Structure - There is no open world. Game is divided on hubs, every hub has a few locations to visit, but at one point you'll be asked ""Are you sure you want to continue?"", and then every single quest from that hub will become ""Failed"", there is no going back.Compaions - VERY boring, uninspired, weak compared to the Main Hero, small choice to begin with and the most interesting one (The Toy) was cut out of the final version of the game. They don't have very interesting backgrounds and sometimes simply join you ""just because"". They don't have much to say, and when they finally say something it's not very interesting.Skills and Spells - Not much to choose from, very boring and bare-bones compared to the ""Corebook Numenera"" skills.Turn-based Combat - Sluggish, boring, completely NON-tactical. It was a huge mistake to make a pool on Kickstarter asking if people want turn-based or real-time. It was a bad choice, real-time would be much more tactical and interesting.False-advertisement Polish Dubbing - People were promised to hear the legends of the polish RPG dubbing, and we hear them indeed, for about 3 minutes. And that's it. Read the rest of it.In the end I'd say there are way better cRPGs out there. Numenera sadly feels solid only in some aspects but very weak in the others (more important ones). cRPGs should be all about you, your companions, relationships, friendships and adventures together. About tactical combat and overcoming the odds with clever use of your skills. Dialogues with your companions should make you feel something (like in Baldur's Gate where you could be betrayed in the most important moment as well as fall in love in someone who was near-irredeemable evil and change their heart).5/10, very expensive, very lacking in the core aspects of cRPGs, painfully boring combat, good soundtrack with emotional music but nowhere near as many emotions were put into the dialogues."
76561197979920540,Recommended,272270,30761165,Posted: 26 March,all,Adric,"As someone who's played Planescape: Torment many times over the years, I've been excited about this game since I first heard about it.  In general, I can recommend it on its own terms, and I think that, for the most part, though it does not quite live up to its ancestor's greatness, it does solidly fulfill expectations of existing PS:T fans.Pros:- The degree to which the Ninth World and its denizens are fleshed out and given life is marvelous.  The writing is mostly very good, and occasionally even better than that.  Some of the descriptions manage to find novel ways of conveying impressions and events, which reflects not only on the skill of the writing team but their dedication, in whole or in part, to truly evoking the gameworld.- Several of the companions are highly memorable.  I've only done one playthrough so far, so I haven't been able to fully explore all of the companion interactions (I only used 4 of the 6 extensively).- The visuals are great.  The backgrounds are static and pre-drawn, but the detail, variety and outright strangeness on display bring a heavy dose of the weird to the proceedings.  In many ways, graphics such as these, done right, are more evocative, more creative and more detailed than ultra-realistic, 3D graphics.- Lots of quests, some big, some quite small.  All of them display an attention to detail and self-contained emotional impact that makes them worth completing.  The general story and arc of the game is also compelling and evokes many of the same issues and tropes that made its antecedent so wonderful.- The game system is easy to learn, flexible and, unusually for an RPG, gave me no headaches with regard to the UI or its implementation.- The music is mostly electronic and ambient in nature, but does an excellent job of setting the mood in the various locations in which you find yourself throughout the game.Cons:- I didn't run into a ridiculous amount of bugs, but I did experience crashes every so often; 6 or 7 times if I'm remembering correctly.  All required a forced closure and restart of the game.  Most of the crashes happened only shortly after I'd saved, but a couple happened several minutes into extended combat/crisis situations, resulting in my having to replay a fair bit of dialogue and fighting/evasion afterward.  It's not gamebreaking, but its definitely frustrating.- The game is, as RPS noted, slightly artificial in its feel.  It was definitely designed with a specific audience in mind, and while this can lend a game focus, it also constrains the margins and limits of what the game will or will not be.  PS: T felt organic - Black Isle made the game they wanted to make, and they hoped there would be an audience for it.  This game feels a bit more like a product crafted to meet demand.  As such it doesn't leap out at you with new and fresh insights and experiences the way its predecessor did.- The story while multi-threaded and satisfying, is still essentially about how you try to defeat the menacing bad guy.  This makes it feel a bit more traditional than PS:T.  Likewise, much of the mystery lies in determining the motivations of others, rather than in self-discovery.- Not enough combat.  And before you say, ""But it's not about mindless fights!  And neither was PS:T!"", I'l go ahead and make clear that I know that.  But where PS:T was ~65% story, 35% fighting, T:ToN is, if you avoid unnecessary violence, 85% combat free.  These are rough %, but the point is the same.  I'm glad it focuses on story, interactions, quests, puzzles, etc.  But the game plays this virtue almost to a fault.  I had so many cyphers and awesome weapons and armor, and only got sparing use out of it.  It is possible to play a bloodier playstyle, but it still doesn't seem that it would shift the ratio that dramatically.- Too easy.  Once your main character has enough edge and stat pool boosts, you're basically going to succeed at almost eveyrthing.  Since your companions can also use their stats to help, by the time you're 40% through with the game, or so, barring failure to rest or bring refresh items with you, you're not going to fail many, if any, skill checks.  It's a testament to the story, world and lore that despite this the game remains compelling, but some additional difficulty would have been nice.Conclusion:In a game like this, story and characters are king, so those elements win out over concerns about difficulty and lack of combat.  That said, you can't just ignore the flaws.  There are some things that may turn some folks off and, potentially because it tries so consciously to ape its forebear, it falls short of the greatness of PS:T.  That said, after completing it today, I felt that pang of regret and sadness at knowing the journey was over, the one you feel when you finish a particularly great book or game, and I'm already thinking over when I'll play through it again.  I think T:ToN is a very good to great game that falls short of true excellence, and would recommend it to those who loved PS:T (despite the noted differences), and those who love CRPGs in general, especially if story is of critical importance."
76561198033842478,Recommended,272270,31815496,Posted: 17 May,all,ddrurymd,"I have been playing games on computers when all we had was a monochrome, green monitor and we had to load games with cassette decks. I remember when 8 inch floppies were considered ""high tech"". My first Commodore Amiga back in the 80's made me the envy of every nerd at my school. (""Motorola processor, 512 K RAM, 8 bit sound and  1024 color monitor? Cool!""} Sid Myer's Pirates! on Amiga blew the IBM version out of the water like it was a frigate with 48 cannons. So, obviously, I've played a few games in my life. I have seen technology get better and better and the graphics and sound improve by leaps and bounds.However, I also love to read, especially a compeling story.I guess that is why Planescape: Torment is my favorite game of all time. Fallout 2 is a close second. PS:T  was not the prettiest game at the time. Balder's Gate used the same engine but looked much better.  The combat was clunky in Torment and it was buggy. But the story was original and unlike any RPG I had ever played.  It's like a really good fantasy novel that's interactive. So while reviewing Torment: Tides of Numenera, I cannot help but compare it to what came before it.Torment: Tides of Numenera is a worthy, if flawed, successor. Of course, it's not anywhere close to being as good as PS:T. Is this really a surprise to anyone?  Sequels and spiritual succesors are rarely as good as the original and almost never better. The bar is too high. The story concept for T:ToN is certainly original and the game setting is bizzare enough to rival the Planescape universe. But it seems the developers and writers were too determined to make it a worthy spiritual sequel. The words do not flow natually or organically, the descriptions are, at times, overly verbose and I suspect a thesaurus was used heavily. Sections of it was like reading an long essay from a high school kid trying very hard to impress a literature professor.Other issues:- Side quests in PS:T were interesting even if not related to the main story. Side quests in T:ToN are hit or miss.- The Crisis, used in T:ToN, was tedious and limiting. It could have been better executed with options to include more movement points for actual combat.- The NPC, at least the one's I have interacted with so far, are not particularly compeling. The exception is the child as she  posed an interesting dilemna for a good character. (I'll say no more to avoid spoilers.)  NPC's in PS:T were not only compeling due to their backstories but brought awesomely cool options to combat. (Morte's Skull Avalanche and Falls-from Grace's Lightning Strike come to mind.)On the good side, as I said, the story itself was interesting and gradually unfolded. It was occcasionally predictable but I was genuinely surprised once or twice as well. The different settings for Act 1, 2 , 3 ,etc were well fleshed out, especially the Bloom. (pun intended). And it appears that decisions, or indecisions, in game do matter. That is refreshing.I have played through it once and I intended to play though it again to see how various decisions effect the outcome. To be honest, I did not expect it to be as good as Planescape:Torment but I found it satisfying enough to want to play it again. So that's why, despite the warts, I am recommending T:ToN."
,Recommended,272270,30938453,Posted: 4 April,all,Sasky,"This is one of the most immersive and beautiful RPGs made in a long time. Instead of typing out a long paragraph, I did a short video review of it here instead:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QyQqul01A1k"
,Recommended,272270,31668004,Posted: 10 May,all,Drakonych,A tremendous story worth experiencing.
,Recommended,272270,30480140,Posted: 12 March,all,Nyxa,"Not a traditional RPG but that's what I like about it. It's more about the journey, the choices and the story. There isn't a lot of battling (and that does tend to be somewhat slow) and I'm ok with that. I find that the people who are nay-saying this game are mostly upset they aren't killing more things.The game is also very weird and wonderfully strange and I like that a great deal. It's unlike any other type of game in that regard, pulled from the depths of imagination. It's a very very different world, this one."
76561198105378988,Recommended,272270,30480572,Posted: 12 March,all,Roundfield,This is the first RPG in which I have enjoyed doing ALL of the side quests. Well done!
76561197992274997,Recommended,272270,34914429,Posted: 12 September,all,gezzer,"Do you like to read? I mean really really like to read? Then you'll love this game (like I do).If you don't? Maybe give it a pass.I'm only about 14 hours in and I think I've read a good short stories amount of text. I've also had 3 battles, total. Might of had the potential of 2-3 more but I talked my way past them (I think).That's the thing if you want a deep thought provoking game with numerous ways to accomplish things, again this games for you.Want to be in a battle every time you turn around? Maybe give it a pass.It really is a worthy succsessor to Torment in every way. Which is it's strength and weakness.Not everyone is going to love this game, and that's all right.But if you love the old Bioware style games like I do/did, then what are you doing reading this? You've got other reading to do!"
,Recommended,272270,30745043,Posted: 26 March,all,Ri0,9/10
76561198019695951,Recommended,272270,30547451,Posted: 16 March,all,atemporary*******2,"This is an amazing game in an interesting world.  It's probably the most complete approach to non-combat oriented videogame RPGs.  I'm only listing shortcomings here due to the plane fact that anything I enjoyed about the game couldn't really be improved.That said, it won't be for everyone.  There is quite a bit to read and remember, and while it won't really slow play if you forget something, it seems quite easy to forget enough to render an experience confusing or meaningless.  The game is pretty empty if you don't like reading.  Also, failure is a common tool in the game.  It occasionally provides bonuses and typically gives an alternate solution to a problem.  The shortcomming of failure is that it is random, you can't chose to fail a roll if you think your character wouldn't succeed at something.  So while it offers more freedom of experience by rarely making failure absolute, it doesn't let you wield failure as a narrative option.There are also a few places where gameplay isn't smooth.  You can't always click certain objects that are clickable which leads to your characters moving over the object and, since your characters are clickable for some reason, they end up getting interacted with.  It would probably be a good idea to move most follower interactions to the character portrait rather than the game window.  Also, the flourish on creature names takes up a large amount of the game play window often obscuring the creature names when you click tab to show all interactable objects.  Maybe there's a way to shrink them that I don't know about.A minor quibble I have is with the hard follower limit.  While it's fair that certain party members want nothing to do with one another, it seems that restricting the party size to 4 encourages a player to often swap characters in the middle of stories to ensure that they don't miss anything.  It would make much more sense to include all available characters as desired.  You also end up cycling through unused characters to get at their resources during contests, this creates a weird dynamic that doesn't play very smoothly.  I would expect some better method of accessing the other character's insights and abilities without swapping through characters regularly.One weird narrative issue I've come across is the primacy of intellect.  Maybe my personal bias is manifesting as an in game bias, but it seems solving things through intellect is always a more rewarding path, particularly in a game where lore is the reward for many interactions.  Beyond that though, you will occasionally be faced with social interactions that could be solved with violence, that never present violence as an option.  I realize that this is the norm for RPGs but choosing a more peaceful path when there isn't an alternative makes that choice less meaningful."
,Recommended,272270,29369549,Posted: 19 January,all,CH1CK3NL1P5,This game delivers at every turn and it isn't even finished! Cannot wait for full release!Good job inXile!
76561197992481989,Recommended,272270,29773410,Posted: 7 February,all,Sahaquiel Faust,"As a massive fan of the original Planescape setting and torment especially this game gets a core element exactly right: the multilayered feeling of everything being *weird*, in a sometimes subtle and sometimes obvious way. It nails this aspect of tone beautifully.the system of three statpools was a little janky for me until I realized how Edges (the edge on a stat pool increases the amount of points you have on any check that don't burn through your pool) work. but I can roll with that easily now.other than that, everything was quite functional and I'm very excted for the full release"
,Recommended,272270,30405399,Posted: 9 March,all,ZAP ROWSDOWER,"A worthy successor to one of my all time favorites. I ran into a handful bugs, but no where near enough to dampen my enthusiasm for this big, weird world."
,Recommended,272270,33083856,Posted: 1 July,all,Psicraft,"Torment: Tides of Numenera is a ""spiritual successor"" to Planescape: Torment, but that's actually not a good description of the narrative.It is much better to describe the story it as a retelling of the same story in a different setting. The problem with that, is you can figure out the plot to the story in 2 hours or less, and figure out the upcoming twist shortly afterwards.As bizarre as the setting is, the story is not a mystery. So I will recommend it based upon its writing of everything else.It was ok. It was interesting to see the setting of the pen and paper roleplaying game Numenera without actually trying to find players to play it with.If you're looking for a fun little interactive novel, this is as good as any.[NOTE] Unlike anyone that backed it, I don't care if it was overhyped and underdelivered."
76561198293563936,Recommended,272270,31730152,Posted: 13 May,all,cowlover345,"3/5Game made more by ambitious fans than a wholly decked out production team, and it shows.Intresting plot, and a lot to do. Would recommend to fans of Torment, Baldurs Gate and older Fallouts that dont care much for combat mechanics."
76561198041170112,Recommended,272270,30662633,Posted: 21 March,all,Moller_Khan,"This is an old-school RPG with all of the pros of 90s gaming - high on ideas and low on fluff.Some of the complaints here are totally unjustified, money-driven and give you a huge sense of how entitled gamers have become. For the record, Planescape: Torment was also 40 Euros/Pounds/Dollars back in the '90s.Torment: Tides of Numenera is an immersive experience that expands your mind, confronts you with hundreds of philosophical questions and makes you look at morality in a completely different way. InXile should be applauded because this is the first RPG I actually could stomach for a long time. There have been a lot of saccharine, stupid games in the genre over the last 15 years and the imagination that went into this game is a feat in itself.If you want epilepsy inducing 4k graphics, non-stop killing and brainless clicking, look elsewhere. This is a game that demands your absolute attention, logic and abstract imagination. Torment: Tides of Numenera has the same undeniable quality, weirdness and presence that PS:T had... except it's not Planescape, the combat is turn-based and it's a bit short.Pros:- Some of the best game writing in a long time.- You can think or talk your way out of any situation.- The Crisis system is an inventive take on turn-based combat.- The graphics are a great nod to the original Torment.- Excellent soundtrack. Dark, atmospheric, ambient.- The meres: mini-stories that allow you to influence the game.- Forces you to think critically.- Numenera's Tides System is a new take on morality - all of it is relative.- Beautiful, weird and downright disgusting locations.- The visuals and animation breathe new life into the isometric RPG format.- Items can help or harm you and all of them are odd.- The sheer number of options and outcomes make it very replayable.- Totally alien and dystopian: free of shouty 21st century politics.(potential) Cons:- Shorter than expected.- No faction system.- Very text heavy. If you don't like reading, don't buy it.- Not for zombies. Requires imagination.- There are some minor bugs in the current version.- Some very blatant re-hashes of the original Torment.- Small choice of characters."
76561197979753277,Recommended,272270,29447482,Posted: 23 January,all,Eldril Sidewinder,"I started Tides of Numera on a Sunday hoping to get a glimpse into a game that is still early access.  I didn't expect to be fully engrossed for over 6 hours in a game that had me caring about the world and interested in the writing.  Simply put, the writing is excellent, and if the rest of the game is of similar quality, this has the potential to be spectacular.  If you are on the edge, I highly suggest the purchase.  This is from someone who never had the pleasure of playing Planescape."
,Recommended,272270,30383924,Posted: 7 March,all,sagate0525,i love this game so far execpt for a big glitch in with the peerless drones the game has frozen every single time i got to that battle please fix it so far the only place that has happened
,Recommended,272270,30340664,Posted: 5 March,all,Rydiculous,"Pros & Cons list belowDon't pay attention to the crumb bums that say ""This is not a worthy successor to Planescape: Torment!!1!"" After my first time finishing the main story, I can say this is a very good game and I personally got what I paid for: good storytelling & strong character development. However, I will say that the companions initially appear very front-loaded, this isn't the case but you'll go long stretches where it seems so. There's also little to no balance when it comes to the main character, especially. The combat is laughably simplistic but is redeemable only through the storytelling and the fact that you can solve a lot of combat instances, or a crisis as they call it for some reason, by talking to the enemy as opposed to just chopping them apart. I'll likely be playing this a few more times as the diverse ways of solving quests is tantalizing to me.Pros:-Strong Character development-Interesting NPCs-Storytelling is very good-Fascinating setting-Fairly reactive world-Multiple solutions to most questsCons:-Pretty bad combat system-Almost total lack of balance(my party was able to solve almost all of the skillchecks with their stat edge giving them 100% or near enough 100% success rating by midgame)-Very easy to miss key points of some sidequests-There's no real indication when you move from one ""Act"" to the next that you will not be able to go back"
76561197992215086,Recommended,272270,30510775,Posted: 14 March,all,Edreyn,"Really good game in old-school style. Not much of combat, but plenty of well written conversations, quests and rich lore.Really very similar to old good Planescape, there are many easter eggs from there. Almost all quests have multiple solutions and can be solved by different approach."
76561198273876653,Recommended,272270,29415207,Posted: 21 January,all,卄卂尺ᗪ 尺乇丂乇ㄒ,"This game is comparable to Mass Effect. It gives you the same vibes as you play it. If you like Mass Effect series then you must buy this game too. Both are equally perfect. Decision making and how they affect gameplay is huge in TToN. Character skills, proficiencies and stats are easy to understand. Companions have their own unique personalities, always with a bit of mystery to them. Quests are fresh and entertaining. The world itself and the lore is Earth 1 billion years  from now. It is full of technological marvels and artifacts from many civilizations that inhabited it. You can discover those Cyphers as you travel and use them to your advantage in combat. You will meet a lot of travellers from other dimensions and time travellers from the past.Very enjoyable experience. 10/10 Looking forward to more chapters."
,Recommended,272270,30440954,Posted: 10 March,all,Joker,"Hello friends this is my somewhat short, but hopefully somewhat useful review of tides of numenera. I'm going to break this review down into four separate categories followed by my closing thoughts.-----------------GraphicsSo let me be honest with you this games graphics isn't anything special, It's a crpg and I feel graphics isn't one of the major factors you should judge this genre of game on. That being said character models weren't all that impressive but they weren't by any stretch terrible. Some world environments actually looked pretty interesting and had a beautiful tone to it. I feel like the special effects of this game was its strong point in the graphics department but also it's most frustrating part.For instance there are certain parts of the game when you meet the sorrow and witness its grandstand this is amazing looking and creates a moment of awe, as well as some other maps you encounter look incredibly vibrant and colorful. While others look very plain and unimaginative. The most frustrating part is getting special passives later on in the game. These passives create a colorful shine effect around your character, near end game my guy looked like a walking Christmas tree about to give me a seizure.Overall the graphics where solid and did its job well that job being able to support the story and help tell it.Graphics : 7/10-----------------SoundSo let me start of by saying the soundtrack in this game was good mixed with a feeling of who gives an S***. There were times where the sound matched the mood correctly and gave me a sense of emotion and feeling to the task or event at hand. There was also times where I didn't even notice the music in the background at all tuning it out. Which made me wonder how their soundtrack was so hit and miss I could never really wrap my head around it. I feel like the major points of the story the music fit in well supporting the mood while delivering the message it set out to send us.All the music in between I honesty couldn't care less. None of the music was really terrible just most of it didn't really matter to the game. I feel the sound track aside all the ambient sound and voice acting (what little there actually is of it) is superb and immersed me more into the game.Sound: 7/10-----------------GameplaySo there is a common theme in my review which I'm sure you all have noticed. That theme being the story is the major strength of this game and I'm judging the other aspects of it based on how they support or elevate the story. Which brings me to my next category game play. Oh boy this game is hit and miss there are amazing moments to be had followed by head scratches and for game play this also holds true. The game play is honestly not very imaginative in this game and extremely straight forward.There are two aspects to the game, running around talking to people and making decisions based of stats, skills and tidal abilities, then there's the combat. The first part is fun and has rewarding moments along with emotion and enlightenment. Though I feel that this ties more into the story with a mix of it being game play. The game play being you holding tab looking for things to interact with and get into the lore and story of the world. Which leads me to the second part of the game play which is more of the definition of the word and that's the combat.Man oh man, I honestly don't know how to describe the combat for you I feel like the combat almost had no purpose. I mean it's not real time which that's okay but it's a turn based system without any real strategy or relevance. Abilities really didn't matter at least for me they didn't I was a glaive did not upgrade any abilities or used any at all for the entirety of the game. I put points into edge, stats pool, and effort I believe that's what it was called. Then I proceeded to click and auto attack on every enemy I went against till they died. Ciphers once again cool concept, it's a really powerful item that gives you stat boost or damages your foes or both but it can only be used once before its lost.Unfortunately I used a cipher one time against one enemy throughout the entire game, even then I didn't have to I just was curious to see how they work. In the end all I did was stack artifacts that made me hit harder and sell all my ciphers I had for gear. Maybe this is a glaive thing and the other classes aren't so fortunate but by mid game my guy couldn't die and my auto attacks where taking 50 to 75% of enemies life pools a strike. To me I feel like the purpose of combat was to make the game last longer and nothing more, that's how bland and tedious it was for me as a glaive at least.Gameplay: 7/10 (the aspects relative to the story, the combat id give a 4/10)-----------------StoryLast but not least by any stretch, the reason why I bought this game and I'm sure many others did the story.Tides of numenera is carried by its excellent story telling, lore and connection you feel with the castoff and his allies. If by any chance you are 1/3 into the game and aren't feeling the story I advise you to stop playing the game. Why? because that's how much this game relies on its story to flourish. Without it, it's not even worth a steam summer sell for 75% off. Is the story perfect? No, but is it interesting fun and keeps you waiting for what happens next? Hell yes. *Slight spoilers* you are a cast off of a deity called the changing god who is in essence immortal. He achieves his immortality through transferring his consciousness from being to being improving himself from his previous life. Your role is one of these castoffs trying to figure out what is going on in this world.The game has a lot of choice leading to numerous altercations and outcomes depending on how you act and treat your followers or the world around you. The voice acting is amazing but there is barely any which is unfortunate because I believe if the game had more of it, it would appeal to a larger audience. Warning if you do not like to read do not purchase this game it's basically a visual novel with combat being its mini game in between chapters. Overall this game is good but it has its share of flaws that are out shined by its interactive and amazing story telling. I would love to tell you more but I do not wish to spoil the main reason why you should play this game.Story: 9/10Closing statementsI had fun with tides of numenera I believe the game could have been a lot better though, There were a few moments in this game that where the best I have ever played in a crpg. That being said it was also inconsistent at times which lead to frustration, the combat is poor and needs to be revamped for future games. Also, some story telling which was the best and most brilliant in the game were flashbacks. To be able to play these flashbacks in real time would have been awesome instead we got a screen that we click on with nothing to show for it. Overall in the end I had a blast it was well worth the 26 hours I spent to complete it.Overall: 8/10"
,Recommended,272270,30271906,Posted: 1 March,all,Mike,"Torment: Tides of Numernera is a unique, enjoyable RPG experience and a step up in storytelling, lore and creative quest design from previous crowdfunded CRPG efforts such as Wasteland 2 and Pillars of Eternity. The same traits that made Planescape Torment such an unforgettable experience are in full force here- bizarre worlds to explore that ride the line between sci fi and fantasy, difficult moral choices, and and the ability to persuade/manipulate your way out of practically every confronation in the game. Without spoiling too much of the story, your character- the Last Castoff- is a relic of a mad shapeshifting immortal who also has the ability to seemingly cheat death time and time again. The Castoff goes on a long quest to piece together their memory while discovering their role in a grand scheme that could shape the fate of the worlds forever.Much of the player's interaction with the world comes through the stat system, which is simplified in a way that is both clever and functional. Alll of your character's abilities are reduced to into three stat pools- Might, Speed and Intellect. These act as as resources that can be used in both combat and practically every conversation/quest interaction option where a typical RPG might require a charisma/dexterity checks. The only way to recover these stat pools without using items is by resting, which typically costs a good chunk of money and eats up valuable time (which directly impacts certain quests). What this means is that the player needs to ration out these stats carefully, forcing players to consider other creative ways to solve problems if their party's stats look tight. While these stat checks being odds based does tend to encourage save scumming I feel like this isn't much of an issue because the game tends to give interesting results forfailingas well as succeeding in them.One example of the care and detail that went into Torment is with the Heretic's Fork, an obscure, expensive piece of equipment that takes up a valuable artifact slot and comes with no useful combat bonuses, but grants you the ability to ""scan the surface thoughts of most people or creatures you speak with"". Just to see what would happen, I bought this item and stuck it on my protagonist for the rest of the game, and was pleasantly surprised to find that all of my companions and practically every NPC I met from that point on had unique dialogue lines of dialogue (some of which directly influenced conversations). This is a lot of effort for one seemingly gimmicky item that the majority of players will probably never use.Combat is simple to learn but tricky to master, and there is plenty of room to creative clever character builds in the three unique classes and the variety of obtainable items. My personal protagonist was a Light Armor/Weapons using Jack with a focus on building up a massive Speed stat, raising her Evasion to such a high degree by the end of the game that she was effectively immune to all basic weapon attacks. Cyphers are monstrously powerful consumable items which you can purchase and find throughout the game, and intelligent use of them can allow you to overcome overwhelming odds even with a character build not focused on combat. Fettles such as flanking and spells which buff multiple characters encourage intelligent positioning and teamwork. I often found myself deliberately taking the violent path to resolve quests towards the end of the game, simply because I enjoyed seeing all the abilities and powerful gear I was collecting go to good use.The major complaint I see from some other Steam Reviews is that either combat is too difficult, or that enemies tend to mob and kill off the main character before you even have a chance to react. While enemies do tend to focus fire on targets- you know, like any compentent AI enemies should- the Stealth mechanic greatly increases the survivability of your members, and getting quality armor and artifacts helps your characters survive some pretty serious beatings. I am convinced that these players either are unable or unwilling to build effective characters or try to hoard/sell all of their Cyphers instead of using them in combat.If there's any legitimate issues to be had with Torment, it would be with the length of the game- even if you complete all the sidequests you're likely to finish in around 25 hours. The game comes rolling to a seemingly abrupt end and you don't have a chance to revisit any of the past locations you've been to to see more of the consequences of your actions. Another small issue I had was that the conclusion for Erritis's storyline was pretty weak for otherwise very likable companion. Also, the game hypes you up the entirety of the story for a big final boss fight against the giant eldritch abomination terrorizing your mindspace, but this simply never happens no matter what story path you pick, which is a bit of a letdown.These flaws do little to diminish what's so great about to what the game offers as a whole- a spectacularly original and detailed world to explore filled with interesting lore and memorable characters. Torment kept me hooked from start to finish with its compelling story, rich writing, and difficult storyline choices. I would definitely recommend it to anyone who played through Pillars of Eternity or the old Infinity Engine games, as well as any CRPG fans in general."
76561197987492734,Recommended,272270,30346059,Posted: 5 March,all,rVn>,A great cRPG and a worthy successor to Planescape:TormentAvoid if you don't like a ton reading :-)
76561198006569366,Recommended,272270,34824021,Posted: 8 September,all,Barbarryian,"A rather difficult game to rate.I've played 3 of inXile games (wasteland 2, pillars of eternity, and this), and they all have a somewhat limited audience, due to their somewhat dated structure and heavy amount of reading.And I will say that I think tides is my least favorite game I've played from them.The good:  The setting is like nothing I've seen before, and is easily its strongest component.  Far, FAR, future, where anything is possible.  Very original set pieces, characters, puzzles, etc.  It took a couple hours for me to get really invested in the story, but it's a pretty great one, all in all.The bad:  Combat is pretty dull.  Found that auto-attacking pretty much did the trick the entire game through.Some of the exposition can get a bit longwinded, even more so than pillars at times.In general, this is almost an interactive book.  The combat challenge is almost non-existent.  And that's ok!  It's an interesting and original story.  The lack of challenge is striking from that of pillars, which I had to turn down to baby mode.However, I think my biggest problem is that it's ~$45, and I was stunned that I finished it in about 15 hours.  And that's after chasing down every side quest I could find.  Plus, I only found 4 party members, which seemed low.  It felt like I was just getting into the story and then END.Anyways, I feel that its gameplay to dollar value is quite low, especially compared to other inXile games.  If you're a fan of the setting, and of reading, it's a decent buy.  If you like InXile games, it's much the same, just surprisingly short.  In either case, I'd recommend waiting for sale (I did).But if you're new to inXile or 90s isometric RPGs, I'd easily recommend wasteland 2 over this."
,Recommended,272270,32221448,Posted: 6 June,all,u1345m,So strange and interesting book.*9
76561197973330377,Recommended,272270,30891427,Posted: 1 April,all,BannerDay,"First off, this is one of the only games that I have played recently that I have been motivated to complete.It's a fantastic game that should be experienced slowly and thoroughly. The writing is the standout feature - it's easily some of the most engaging and imaginative I've seen in a game. Most of your playtime will be spent reading. Plenty of choice with clear consequences.Constructing/defining your character (your character’s CHARATER, not just your stats) is central to the game, which is unfortunately refreshing given the current state of roleplaying games.Combat system is solid, but it's possible to avoid most fights if that's how you want to roleplay.Your companions are interesting, and you will become invested in them if you give them the time. Although, I do think that each character could use one more quest to strengthen the investment. Experience is not gained by characters outside your party, so you are encouraged to choose three and stick with them.Overall, if you are willing to invest in the game, like you would with a good novel, it offers a very rewarding experience."
76561198064424606,Recommended,272270,31030093,Posted: 8 April,all,Funeral,"I wish there was a mixed option. I have completed the game.As much as i enjoyed it, it just for me is missing something.I would never tell someone not to play this game. it would be robbing you of a great experience.In short and with out a long drawn out wall of text for a review i guess i could say that they missed on their topic""What does on life matter?"" it should be, ""Choose what you 'think' matters.""6/10 with all the promises broken and things left to be desired.the world is amazing. Awsome short stroies and compaions back stories."
76561198103290668,Recommended,272270,31074302,Posted: 11 April,all,jgjsmith006,"It's not often I feel compelled to write up a review of a game but some games such as Torment: Tides of Numenera deserve it, partly because of quality but also because of the anticipation of waiting so many years for it to be released.  I was a massive fan of the original Planescape game  (which at the time was underrated by a number of prominent gaming magazines), and is my favourite RPG of all time.  With regards to Tides of Numenera I feel that it has the potential to be nearly as good as the original Planescape but falls someway short.  That does not mean that it is a bad game, only that it is a good game that has a number of flaws that prevent greatness.First the good:Setting - originally I was disappointed that the Planescape campaign was not being used but having seen the decline of Dungeons & Dragons over the past couple of decades (which Planescape is a part of) in the end I was glad that they went with the Numenera campaign setting.   As a reader of Jack Vance and a fan of the blend of sci-fi/fantasy that influences Numenera, I found the Ninth World instantly engrossing, and, just like with Planescape, felt I wanted to explore it further.  I particularly enjoyed the less linear sections of the game including Sagus Cliffs and the incredible Bloom, one of the best game worlds ever.Story/characters - I enjoyed the story, which kept me engrossed towards the end of the game, and appreciate the amount of text used to flesh it out, which I believe was over 1.2 million lines of dialogue.  I enjoyed in particular the back-story of the world's inhabitants and the games subplots perhaps more than the main story itself, and felt that this area started to approach that of Planescape.   Some people were complaining about the amount of reading involved so this game is not for everyone but for myself I thought it was well written, comparable with Planescape.  I also liked that you could basically complete the game with almost no battles if you chose to, relying on other skills such as guile or stealth.  Other reviews were not happy with the lack of spoken dialogue.  Whether this lack of dialogue was a design choice or because they ran out of money I am not sure, but I do personally find spoken dialogue too slow and distracting and much prefer reading at my own speed.   In term of characters they were generally very interesting and I felt that the personalities of the companions that accompany you were well thought out and each one intrigued me, particularly Rhin.  The downside to characters was that there were not enough of them but I will bring this up later on.Loading screens - when I heard this game used the same engine as Pillars of Eternity I was immediately apprehensive as my experience of that game had been ruined by loading screens.  Thankfully, Torment load screens were not a problem on my computer and the game was structured so there were not dozens of rooms to be entered (probably because of the game engine).Stats/Skills - I found the use of Might, Speed and Intelligence an interesting system and how you could put points into tasks.  I particularly liked how failing a task could actually open up new options in the game world, which offers potential new playthroughs.   I also enjoyed the types of skills on offer and levelling up characters, although I felt the level cap was a little low (see not so good).Combat - there were a few complaints about the turn-based combat (which Planescape did not use unless you count pressing the spacebar to pause the action) but I have to say that I am a fan of this as it allows me time to think and strategise.  I thought Tides had much better combat than Tryanny (which seemed to be mostly AI and confused the hell out of me), but not as good as Divinity which had some very interesting spell combinations.Now the not so good:Length - this for me was the biggest weaknesses, partly due because of the games strengths.  Around 40 hours into the game, and really starting to enjoy myself, all of a sudden I found myself levelled up to tier 4, and the game was starting to draw to a close.  40 hours seems reasonable but this was after completing every quest and having already played a large section of the game with a different character type before restarting, so it is feasible you could complete the game in much less time. I feel that the world setting was so good, particularly the Bloom, that I just wanted more, and it was very disappointing that it suddenly nosedived to a conclusion.  From what I am reading online it appears that the developers cut a whole game world and it certainly feels so from the flow.  You really feel that you are building up to something fantastic only for the carpet to be pulled from your feet as you are steered towards the end.  Hopefully, they can allay some of these issues by releasing additional downloadable content.Transition Linearity/Maps - although there are a couple of hub areas which give a degree of choice of how to approach quests there were a couple of linearity issues with the game.  For example, once you complete a certain stage you cannot go back.  There are a couple of points I would have liked the option to return to Sagus Cliffs to see if choices I had made elsewhere have influenced events in the city but this never happened.  This is possibly linked to the length of the game but there was a point on one map where it looks like you had a choice of portals to different locations but in the end you are shuttled through due to the approach of the Sorrow, which I found a little disappointing.  I also felt that more dungeon areas should have been introduced, particularly during the Valley of the Dead Heroes level which is more a sequence of rooms.Tiers (levelling up) - this is related to the shortness of the game.  The maximum tiers you can reach is 4 (which is about 16 levels) and when I levelled up and could go no further, I had the sinking feeling that the game was starting to end.  Ideally, I would have liked a bigger game world and the opportunity to reach tier 5 - downloadable content please!Bugs - there were a number of bugs in the game that I noticed including one that actually prevented me from taking a certain action to complete a quest resulting in the game freezing.  I also encountered a couple of freezes during battles.  With so much time spent developing the game this is something they should have got right.  Thankfully, unlike certain Atari RPGs (Greyhawk - which when patched is fantastic btw) at least they did not hinder my enjoyment of the game.Merecaster Sections - I grew up on Fighting Fantasy gamebooks so I am not put up with interactive text but I found these sections incredibly dull.  The problem was that they contained massive amounts of text and I was not clear what (if any) effects my choices were having.  I will have another run through the game to see if this improves.Minor gripes:Extras - while not a major issue I would have liked some form of overall world map to have been available.  Planescape also had a codex/bestiary which I found interesting and I feel that Numenera missed out on this, although there may be some plans to introduce this via updates/downloads.Overall I would say this is a good game that just misses out on great due to missing one major game location which leaves it feeling slightly unfinished.  I think expectations hindered it, and the fact I was not a Kickstarter Backer mean I am not as disappointed as I could have been, but it is worth purchasing if you are not put off by reading and turn based combat.  The characters, story and gameplay options mean that it is interesting enough for a second run through using different character companions and the Bloom is one of the great game locations of all time.  I would definitely be interested in more updates and games involving the Numenera game setting."
,Recommended,272270,24347101,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,jono,"Pretty damn good for an alpha -- the potential for greatness, both in gameplay and writing, is absolutely showing. I made it through most of the available content, but unfortunately ran into some issues with my save file. Which is fine, it's an alpha after all. I'm extremely excited to see where this game ends up after another half year of development.The devs definitely have their work cut out for them -- the engine is really clunky and has a lag-like quality to it. Additionally, there are a lot of little edge case bugs. Having played enough of the game to know its merit, I can get past that, but I doubt that the general reception would be so favorable."
,Recommended,272270,29496073,Posted: 25 January,all,AsidMjolnir,"A very enjoyable game, worth sinking some time into. It plays a lot like the games of the Baldur's Gate series, but with, in many ways, much more choice and freedom. I can't wait until the later chapters are added!"
,Recommended,272270,33314473,Posted: 6 July,all,Hardjacked,"One of the best RPG's I've played in years. I loved everything about it, every second. But this won't be true for everyone.First of all, if you're already looking for TL;DR then go away. Don't be an idiot and buy a game that's not compatible with being a wall-of-text reader.Thought this was better than both Pillars of Eternity and Tyranny. I happened to love the ""Effort"" system as well, and the effects of the various Cyphers made each situation ('Crisis in the game') really fun.Story is great. Ending will have your character show. Your real, true character."
76561198012731996,Recommended,272270,30655671,Posted: 21 March,all,Anarchtor,"Torment: Tides of Numenera is a very good game.It offers a great story, a great world, great writing and great characters.Of course it is not as good as the original Planescape: Torment, but probably no other game is either.This new Torment game offers lots of entertainment and I only wished it was bigger, more open and with more content. It is still well worth buying and playing through and if you don't mind a lot of reading I think you will have a great time.8/10"
76561198007312077,Recommended,272270,30619007,Posted: 19 March,all,pitfiend,"My feelings toward Torment: Tides of Numenera are mixed. While much love and dedication was obviously put into this CRPG, its hard to ignore it's weak points.I chose to recommend this game because at the moment of writing the game's overall score deserves some positive correction upward. I think people should be encouraged to play this game, and games like this in general (such as PoE and Tyranny), though when it comes to this title they would be served best by curbing their expectations.Pros:* A fascinating world full of wonders to explore and discover.* Interesting questlines and characters, for the most part.* Well written narrative, for the most part.Cons:* An incredibly frustrating combat system with long waiting time between rounds. (Although you can choose to avoid combat most of the time).* Banal and unsatisfying asnwers to some of the game's most intriguing mysteries.* Rushed ending that fails to meet the expectations.Verdict: Play this game to enjoy the ride and don't expect a mind blowing closure, just try to avoid the combat."
,Recommended,272270,30627709,Posted: 19 March,all,RickelodeonTV,"Torment is a more than worthy successor to Planescape:Torment, evoking the vast feel of colossal worlds and impacts with your every word. Every companion has a well-thought-out reason for being, and I was amazed at how some of my choices came back around. Was the whole point of everything as personally earth-shattering as PS:T? No. Nothing ever will be. Accept this, and let the Tides take you as close to that apex as we'll ever get again."
76561198139846465,Recommended,272270,30628396,Posted: 19 March,all,strekalalex84,"I would recommend this game but with some reservations. It might be best to get the game when the price drops or after future patches and added/re-added content. I enjoyed playing the game, with three different playthroughs, but not without some criticism. The very nature of this being hyped up as a spiritual sucessor to Planescape: Torment already set expectations too high and caused them to over-promise, which ended up coming back to bite them. But taken for what it is, it is a decent game. It just could have been more.World/Story - The setting is imaginative and intrigueing and the story is pretty good. The plot is a bit linear and, unfortunately, it feels a little rushed in the 2nd half of the game. Relative to my expectations for an RPG, the game's playtime is dissapointingly short and the areas are small. You get a strong sense that they had earlier iterations that were much more epic and had twice as many locations, but they ended up cutting out half of it. That's probably the biggest dissapointment for me. It's all over too quickly.Character Progression - On a related note, the level cap comes a little too quickly, at least if you play as a completionist and do all side quests. This is a feel bad thing in any RPG. In all three of my playthroughs, my main character reached the cap with about 1/4 of the game left. There was 1600+ experience past that which I couldn't use. That's easily enough XP for another 2 Tiers. If they added abilities for 2 more tiers, they could easily raise the cap to 7.Choice and Consequence - This is probably one of the aspects that they nailed pretty good. There are usually at least 2 or 3 ways to resolve most quests, sometimes with vastly different results. There are also lots of variable dialogue options that affect your tides. That said, in the long term plot, there isn't as much of a sense that your choices matter as there could be. It's all sort of foisted upon you as you're rushed to the ending.Graphics/Art/Music - The area backgrounds look beautiful and are well done. The character/NPC avatars are much more simplistic and clunky in comparison. The background music is pretty good for setting atmosphere, though maybe a bit empty at some points. You do get a sense sometimes that there was extra graphical/animation polish that existed in earlier iterations that they took out. This aspect is not that big of a deal to me though.Dialogue - It should be expected for this type of game that there is a lot of dialogue. This isn't a bad thing in and of itself. Anyone who wants a hack and slash dungeon crawl doesn't get what a game like this is supposed to be about. That said, sometimes they got overly verbose for details that didn't matter. 90% of the game is reading text and it could have been paced out better with a little more combat and exploration. Even Planescape: Torment wasn't as heavy on the text-adventure aspect as this is.Combat - Combat isn't quite as bad as some people are saying. It isn't a great though and the Crisis system can get buggy. With the relatively few combat encounters there are, and the fact that you can talk your way out of most of them, players may feel like they rarely get to use their combat abilities and thus character progression feels a bit empty. Much the same goes for all of the Cyphers, which are unique one-time use items, but you don't get enough of a chance to actually use them.Skill System - The general idea of the skill system is pretty good. The way they implimented it, however, probably makes the game a bit too easy. With investment in Intellect based skills, Edge points, plus the ability to use your companions to help with skills, it is easy to pretty quickly get to a point where skill checks are no longer a challenge. With a few exceptions, after the beginning it's possible to breeze through most of the game's skill checks regardless of your character build. Needs to be rebalanced with more risk and limitation.Tides - This is one of the most interesting and flavorful aspects of the game. The way that your choices determine your tides and the world subtly reacts is pretty well done. My one complaint about the tides is that I wish there were more explicit ways you can use them in gameplay. With a few exceptions, the tides are just a display of the morality of your actions and are not as reactive as they sold it to be, within a given playthrough. The subtle effects of the tides do show more across multiple playthroughs though.Companions/NPCs - Aside from Rhin and maybe Castillege, the companions don't feel as fleshed out as they could be. There is a significant lack of companion interaction, party banter, and voice acting in general. The game also pretty much encourages you to choose a team in the first area and stick with it, and there's no going back to the first area once you leave. There are no mid or late game companions. The lack of NPC portraits also takes away from immersion. Also, unlike Planescape: Torment, most non-quest-related NPCs can't truly be interacted with, they just show one liners above their head if you click them.Basically, I think the game has a lot of cool ideas and potential, but they just didn't flesh it out as much as they could have, or they gutted their own ideas a little too much to a point where quite a few features that were either promised or that actually existed in earlier iterations of the game ended up being left out entirely (including: NPC portraits, more voice acting, more companions, two or three more game areas that could have easily added 10-20 more hours of content, and so on). That makes the game feel a little empty or over streamlined.With all of that criticism, I still would recommend the game because it is still a unique experience, it has a unique setting and story, and it has its share of flavor. In some basic ways, they did capture the feel of Torment, they just could have refined it more instead of putting time and money into making it a console port and over streamlining content. I also am holding out hope that there will be future patches and add-ons that make up for at least some of the criticism."
76561198008034873,Recommended,272270,30949958,Posted: 4 April,all,necomancer01,"I consider the hallmark of a good RPG to be two things.1.I stayed up way too late playing it.2.I'm planning my next playthrough before I'm done with my first.So at 7:30AM, having not slept, and planning to be a Nano using two of the three party members I left behind, I decided this game qualifies. I found the world intriguing, the story interesting and the characters likable enough, some more so then others. The system for battles and general gameplay was great and I loved how simple and easy it was to understand and use.Overall a good experience, a game for people who love an interesting world and story to explore. Hardly perfect, a few things did annoy me a bit, but after playing and hating almost every cRPG thats come out in recent times its nice to have one that I felt motivated to play and not bogged down by game mechanics."
,Recommended,272270,34698738,Posted: 2 September,all,arioch,"All in all, this is a fine game which did manage to remind me of its illustrious predecessor. Many things to like: funny dialogs, fine irony, easter eggs, detailed world, original items and puzzles, memorable NPCs, cool forms of damage and a solid set of skills and abilities, Monty Pythonesque scenes (e.g., taking colorfully described surgical enhancements), some fascinating interior sites (e.g., the Necropolis).On the downside, the game is definitely too short and lacks nice expansive locales characterizing The Planescape: Torment. Battles are too easy (would be a good thing to have a difficulty slider or something such) and too few. Many useful items come too late in the game, and others are simply too cheap (or there is too much money in the game, prices should be higher). And there could be more recruitable companions -- I hope some could be still added via updates, like Oom was.And I do sincerely hope for a sequel!"
,Recommended,272270,30270895,Posted: 1 March,all,thiz,"First time in a long long while where I have to force myself stop playing a game. I thought this feeling didn't exist anymore. I'm losing myself into reading these words and I can't stop reading. I played far longer than Steam shows, I dont know whats up with that. Anyways, the storytelling is amazing, I love being able to talk myself in and out of every situation, its a roleplayers dream."
,Recommended,272270,30434677,Posted: 10 March,all,Fen,"Everyone who says that this game is bad - has right. Everyone who has an opposite opinion - has right. For me, original Planescape: Torment is a 10/10 kind of a game and with all respects given to Tides of Numenera, I can rate it ""only"" 8/10 maximum."
,Recommended,272270,30434926,Posted: 10 March,all,redvis,"This is a wonderful game and the most fun I've had in an RPG in a long time.  The world is diverse and interesting, characters have fantastic stories, and the lore and skills are top notch.  Excellent game!"
76561198007271893,Recommended,272270,30438151,Posted: 10 March,all,Yellowjacket,"It felt a bit short and a bit hollow compared to the Torment of yore, but it is a true spiritual successor.  Lots and lots of text and dialogue, it was very well written.  There is usually more than one way to obtain whatever objective you have.  NPCs are complex and nuanced, each with their own motivation, personality, and attitude.Very few required fights, and those that are forced are almost always objective oriented... you're trying to survive, escape or reach some goal rather than just kill the enemies.  It's a neat idea, and mostly successfullly pulled off - that said I would have liked to see more of it.  I also would have liked more opportunities to just pound some baddies.The supporting PCs are all unique and very well thought out - you will be interested in your followers, their objectives, and what they have to say.The leveling system felt a bit thin - most of the combat abilities weren't terribly useful in my ""jack"" (rogue type) playthrough.The whole ""tide"" system felt really undeveloped - supposedly your behavior opened up options that you might not have had otherwise, but even after finishing the first playthrough I wasn't really sure whether it made any difference at all.Overall, I was mildly disappointed, but the original set the bar very, very, high.  I still recommend the game on its own merits."
,Recommended,272270,30471933,Posted: 12 March,all,Zanteogo,"I just finished my first play through of Tides of Numenara. (I didn't play it during early access, seemed silly to play a partly complete story based game before it was finished)Overall, I liked the game.It's certainly a niche game. You have to like reading, as in full length novels type reading. Combat and character building took a massive back seat. If you play these games to level up, collect loot, and test your characters in combat, pass this game. You won't like it.It kept the original Torment ""feel"". Everything is strange, weird and alien. It takes some time to get the ""feel"" of this strange universe. The game eases you into it by taking a page out of the original Torment, your character starts with no memory. Everything is just as strange and new to your character as it is to the player. The universe is complex, and I actually caught the game breaking it's own internal consistency at least twice. For example your character is pretty much immortal (not much of a spoiler, you find this out 2 minutes into the game), as well as other characters who belong to your characters ""race"", only extreme things can actually kill them, however, the game forgets about this fact at least once. (not to the main character)One page it didn't take from the original was the lack of wacky party members. You got some crazy extreme ones in the original, (a floating scull, a succubus, a man who burns forever..) Nothing like this here. In fact I found them to be ""ok"". The exception to this would be Rhin. Though she is a normal human, her character differs enough the she breaks the mold from the rest. Not that the other characters you take on are all boring and dull. They all have backstories and little mysteries attached to them.The game can be progressed in various ways. You can avoid 75% of the combat with your choices, character skills, and some luck. When you are actually in combat the in game system is passible for certain. One thing that bothered me with combat was there was no in game explanation as to what all the damage types did.  Combat was also very buggy. Certain functions just stop working and cannot be access for no in game reason and random times. This bringing me to my next point...BUGS!!! Combat had the most of them, (stealth for example, sometimes I would not be able to select it, sometimes the menu would come up, I would have a good percentage of success, but the ""ok"" button would not work) If there was an in game reason for this I had no idea why it didn't work. Other abilities seemed to be prone to this. Twice the game got ""stuck"" on the enemies turn.  A couple times I would somehow break the combat rules and do something not allowed that usually got my character stuck and unable to end their turn. Outside of combat the game gave me issues saving, sometimes it just would not allow me to create a new save file. (thankfully ""quick save"" always seemed to work) Sometimes I would be unable to select anything for some reason. The only way to fix this was to save and reload. Another frustrating bug was if you look at something then shortly afterwards move to a new area, the window giving feedback gets stuck on your screen. The only way to fix this is to go back and look at the same object and allow the window to close on it's own. Had the game lock up randomly at least 5 times.One thing I have to bring up, the game creators have a video showing a slice of the game. In this slice they show pretty much every NPC spoken to using actual spoken lines. The game has hardly any spoken lines at all when you actually play it. Worse still, once you arrive at the same slice of the game, none of the characters who spoke in the video speak any of the same lines, (it's all just text reading). I'm not sure what's up with that. I don't mind reading everything, but I don't like being tricked into thinking the game has certain features it does not.To summarize; if you liked the original Torment, you will like this. If you like reading/story heavy RPGs, you will like this."
76561197969836448,Recommended,272270,30362063,Posted: 6 March,all,Sparkasaurusmex,"While it doesn't feel like a true sequel to Planescape: Torment, it certainly gets a lot right.  Definitely the Spiritual Sequel, which is what it's supposed to be.  A sequel released in a timely manner would not have been as good.  I'd argue that the Numenera setting is even better than the Planescape setting.  The wonder and imagination is all here.  It's as mysterious and intriguing as PS:T, if not more so.  If you are into atmospheric, text heavy RPGs this is one of the best."
76561198059331653,Recommended,272270,29455035,Posted: 23 January,all,nevyn0ad,"Early access review.One of the best starts I've ever seen to an RPG, and great characterisations through it.  The stat spending system is a great addition to the genre and makes resolving challenges interesting.  The RNG actually seems accurate, rather than the '50%' that some games claim when it succeeds 10% of the time, so trying a low chance is actually possible.  Main plot suffers from being very slightly linear but as Early Access only has the first chapter, well most first chapters are pretty linear and you get two primary branches to pick from anyway.  So that's at worst a minor niggle in an otherwise amazing game.Still a few minor typo bugs and the like also, but again, early access, all that is getting cleaned up slowly."
76561198064421022,Recommended,272270,21589612,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,brynleah,"Minor Spoilers!! (I think this review would be considered that way anyways.)I've never put up a review before in my entire time with steam. Which has been like years. So... yeah its a great game. The stories you read in this are fantastic, even though several of them are just little glimpses into different tales. At the very beginning, when defining the character, I couldn't stop myself from wishing that what I was reading was actually printed out as books. Let me tell you, I would read every one of them.This game has held my interest from the second it started, and has continued to keep it. The quests that are given are extordinary and very interesting, and I've noticed that, even the smallest quest, hold the question of, 'what does one life matter?' It really, REALLY makes you ask yourself that multiple times.I'm extremely excited to see this game finished and be the full-blown awesomeness that it is. I can't even imagine how great it'll be once its all finalized and stuff, its already as good as some of the best games out there! I can safely say its one of my top 5 favorite games of all time. Beautiful writing, awesome graphics and heartwrenching decisions that'll have you seriously conflicted all up in your brain. In my opinion, it has everything a game needs."
76561198060420064,Recommended,272270,21269958,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Mario46D,great game remminds me of playing tabletop dndif you are a real rpg fan you'll have a great time playing this gaemfair warning tho if you aren't a die hard rpg fan and you don't like reading (there's alot of reading not much combat i've only found 2 fights so far) you probably won't like this gamebut hey don't be afraid to try something new i loved this game i stopped playing because some things are only half way finished and i don't wanna spoil the story anymore without getting the whole experienceconsidering it's in beta 9 outta 10
76561198172269615,Recommended,272270,29867584,Posted: 12 February,all,LeftClicker,"If your a fan of the series Baldurs Gate or Icewind Dale, Fallout 1-2 than this game is for you.  I am about 10 hours in so far and I cant get enough I will revisit this review in 10 more hours.I have played for a bit more than 10 more hours... and I have nothing bad to say except this game IS extremely nostalgic for me and it has a very gripping story.  so far 10/10 nothing bad to say at all."
,Recommended,272270,33289814,Posted: 5 July,all,Leri,"Great game, great story. The ending is magnificent"
,Not Recommended,272270,30662023,Posted: 21 March,all,Ne7erwinter,"$4,188,927 'nuff said."
,Not Recommended,272270,30285614,Posted: 2 March,all,pato,"Boring and uninspiring writing along with game-breaking bugs. Not really gameplay heavy so there's really no saving grace. To be more descriptive: the writing is equivalent to a toddler writing a fanfiction of its ""predecessor"" Planescape Torment."
,Not Recommended,272270,30269482,Posted: 1 March,all,Meanie,"Front-loaded exposition in a game that is supposed to have a great story.That's not how you write a good story. 50 minutes in, and it's just a whole bunch of exposition. Let me explore and learn about the world, don't shove paragraph upon paragraph with names and locations I don't know or care about yet, and write me on the nose about what all these random words are supposed to mean to me."
76561198020092420,Recommended,272270,32789736,Posted: 25 June,all,Baptiste,Died before the tutorial. 10/10
,Not Recommended,272270,30292278,Posted: 3 March,all,Wasted,"I'd love to give this at least one star, except for it crashing at the first dialogue choice."
76561198030119501,Recommended,272270,31148980,Posted: 14 April,all,amhaun01,"Well worth the money if you like old-style RPGs and pulp sci-fi novels. If you're some kind of game-mechanics-production connoisseur, then maybe it ain't. I'm the first sort.Upsides: I liked the story and the idea of the main character, and how the character interacts with the game world, lots of interesting ideas and thoughtful psychology. The writers are obviously fascinated with objects and artifacts and how we interact with them; everything you interact with is described in Proustian detail, it's great fun if you like to read (if you don't, it's probably infuriating). The world was strange and intriguing, enough to make you wish there were more of it. And little to no fighting! Which, as a contrast to something like Pillars of Eternity (also great but in a different way), was refreshing.Downsides: The scale was smaller than I expected, and it ended strangely, abruptly (though one could argue the real story had ended already a few minutes before the ""game"" ending). The companions (except for Rhin and Matkina) were pretty dull, I'm thinking that next time through I'll try just not having any at all, see how that feels... Kind of a low-budget feel overall, but still a top-notch story and main character."
,Recommended,272270,31417279,Posted: 28 April,all,Visiteur Online,"Truly AMAZING ! Everything we hoped and wanted since ""Planescape Torment"" and even more ! Best ""roleplaying"" game I've played for a long time now.Excellent storytelling, an amazing world, such well-developped characters and above all such an intelligent game, which allows us to do whatever we want to revolve quests, crisis and other situations. Far far superior than Fallout 4, Mass Effect Andromedra or other poor so-called RPGs.Torment Numenera is defintely a deal-breaker game. I have nothing but one complain : it is so good, such a great adventure, that I'm sad to have it finished in 40 hours. We could have lived so many more experiences, unravel so many other mysteries ! I just really really hope Inxile will create a ""Numenera 2"" or will add a DLC campaign.If you love playing true RPG, just buy this game : you will have one of the best experience of all time. Seriously, you have to play that game."
,Not Recommended,272270,30422181,Posted: 10 March,all,insanityv2 or something,"im monte cook, author, dreamweaver, visionary, plus actoryou are about to enter the world of my imagination~numenera~"
,Not Recommended,272270,30267850,Posted: 1 March,all,iWasteAllMyTime,"I was looking forward to this game for awhile. I even gifted a copy to a friend. The universe is intriguing ect. ect....but everything else just makes it suck. There are sooooo many of QOL things that should have been implimented and the lack of them makes it unenjoyable. Camera following always, can only select your main character out of combat, lack of defined skill trees. Combat is by far the worst. You have only a move action and an attack action. Maybe I am just spoiled by Pillars, Tyranny and Divinity, but they might as well have just removed combat entirely and ended with the same game. It feels just feels unfinished. I would have rather them spent another 6 months and polished it rather than release it in its current state."
76561198142160090,Recommended,272270,30249761,Posted: 28 February,all,Jack,Really reminds me of PS:T in a good way.
,Recommended,272270,33148628,Posted: 2 July,all,Areldar,"Not masterpiece, however it is good enough game to spend 20 hours"
76561198144285620,Recommended,272270,30375911,Posted: 7 March,all,lordofthedom,This game is AWESOME. The ninth world is interesting and full of wonderfully detailed characters and places. This is NOT PLANESCAPE TORMENT and DOESNT NEED TO BE! Im so sick of hearing how great planescape torment was and how this game will never be planescape. Of corse it wont! its a totally different world you morons. I have played every great rpg known to man and this game is just as great as planescape but in different ways. I cant wait to see what the future holds for this game and its expansions. inXile did a great job on this game and they deserve mad props. You ♥♥♥♥ing planescape whiners need to realize its 2017 not 99 ...yes planescape was ♥♥♥♥ing awesome but so is this game so STFU and enjoy the hard work and effort these guys did to bring this game to your ♥♥♥♥♥y crying♥♥♥♥♥..
76561198063085320,Recommended,272270,30299959,Posted: 3 March,all,damian008,"10/10  Just buy it and play,you won't be disappointed."
76561197970001035,Recommended,272270,34509000,Posted: 26 August,all,SirZerator,"An excellent game, set in a very enticing universe ! I highly recommend it to anyone who likes good story-telling.Numenera invites you to explore a weird and unknown world, playing as a character who doesn't know much and can't understand fully what's happening to him/her. Although the combat system is a little complicated at first (you get used to it), most of the game is not really about fighting but more about exploration, dialogue and decision-making. Every one of the decisions you make will have an influence on the world, the people you meet and yourself. Some of them minor and some very significant.It's really interesting that in many situations, you don't fully understand what's happening, what you're supposed to do or just what is the right thing to do. Remember PS: Torment, waking up in the morgue, greeted by a talking, floating skull, go meet that guy you never heard about before... well, that's the feeling.The places you explore couldn't be more alien, yet with a little bit of familiarity. I like the fact that the technology you encounter is so new, so advanced and sophisticated, it almost looks like magic (Clarke's third law right there)."
76561198017043455,Recommended,272270,30369055,Posted: 7 March,all,Halicron,"What an awesome game.Please buy this game. Support these kind of classic RPGs. It's a dying art, this gaming medium of interactive storytelling. When you use your dollars to show your support, you help the writers and developers know that their work is appreciated and desired.This game is frustrating. It's frustrating in the best of ways. It's frustrating in that you can't outsmart it every time. You will make mistakes. But mistakes are OK! Mistakes sometimes lead to opportunities you wouldn't have had otherwise. Failure isn't always the end. Sometimes it's the beginning.This game is meant to challenge you. Don't savescum for best options. Accept that you'll make mistakes. Burn through your limited resources. But talk to -everyone-. So many people have a story. So many of them might have some hidden secret for you.I think that's what I loved best about this, was digging through the small secrets and finding big ones. The characters were fun and interesting to play with, the setting was weird and alien and macabre and funny-- it reminded me so much of the original Torment, a game with such a weirdly alien setting that no one should feel 'comfortable' there. You will fulfill and subvert tropes almost constantly.This game isn't a challenge to be summited. It's a story to be read-- an experienced to be shared."
76561198042015124,Not Recommended,272270,30269727,Posted: 1 March,all,OMGUKILLKENNY,"The story and world in the game is amazing. I really want to continue playing through it and discovering more of what it has to offer on that front. It is just that I can't. Combat in this game is rediculously hard. Even after choosing a class that ""masters defence"" my main character is killed after 2-3 hits from basic enemy attacks. After a dozen attempts in this one encounter where death is a game over, I was done."
,Not Recommended,272270,31358321,Posted: 25 April,all,Wamparius,"I can see why some people like it, it's very much like an old school rpg. I just wasn't much of a fan of the atmosphere and couldn't get into it."
76561198040533295,Not Recommended,272270,30582418,Posted: 17 March,all,Dragco,I don't get why this game got high ratings from ppl...weak combat and not much of it !! ok thanks bye
76561198007698407,Recommended,272270,30544725,Posted: 16 March,all,Hideous Savior,Very good if you like text adventures and roleplaying. Not worth playing if you only like killing orcs.
76561198008045828,Recommended,272270,30341542,Posted: 5 March,all,Meltreness,"HelloI finished the game today and I am pleasently surprised how good it is.The story is fascinating as is the world it plays in. The character are well written and the quests offer interesting choices.Even the battle system surprised me. Combat is way funnier than it appears to be at first and for a story driven game.If you don't like reading though, I would NOT recommend it to you.Overall I give this game a 9.5/10It would be a perfect score if I could have spent more time in the strange world the developers built.I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IF YOU LIKED PLANESCAPE TORMENT!!!"
76561197971853178,Recommended,272270,31732378,Posted: 13 May,all,Swami,"I played Planescape:Torment many years ago when it was first released and found it to be an excellent game.  I also played the original Wasteland way back in the day.  Inexile did a great job with Wasteland 2 and did an excellent job with the newest iteration of Torment.  Did a full playthrough in 30 or so hours with no glitching or crashes.   I chose a more dialogue based solution to most events and only fought in maybe a half dozen battles the whole game which, in retrospect, I wish I had fought more of.  Combat AI was done well.  The feel and atmosphere of the game is excellent.  Character development is done very well.The only real drawback was that I felt the game was a touch short."
76561197996972290,Recommended,272270,30401773,Posted: 8 March,all,ascii_heart,"its great! amazing story and characters, combat is cool, the world is incredible, and there's so many different ways to do things!"
76561198120811291,Recommended,272270,30400148,Posted: 8 March,all,Lemongrab,"Great world, good story, average game mechanics."
76561198004174990,Not Recommended,272270,30266053,Posted: 1 March,all,Chro'Tal,felt totally outdated. never refunded so quickly on any game - probably my expectations were spoiled by Divinity 2
76561197979142157,Recommended,272270,33409836,Posted: 9 July,all,scorzan,"The original Torment is still one of my favorite games and this very much delivers as a spiritual successor or reboot.  The story and characters are all well drawn and engaging.  The Numenera setting is fascinating and reminded me of Jack Vance's Dying Earth stories or China Mieville's Bas Lag novels--not the usual sort of thing you see in a fantasy RPG.The game is not perfect-some of the quests were buggy and it could stand to be more challenging.  Some areas contained encounters that felt unfinished or underdeveloped, but this was fairly minor.  I enjoyed the combat system, though it could have used more depth.  Overall, though, this was an excellent game that kept me hooked until the end.  Hope we'll see more in this setting."
76561197975542716,Not Recommended,272270,30395357,Posted: 8 March,all,Warper,"Boring, uninteresting game with deveptive marketing promise to be like PS:T.Also the game on PC have serious performance/fps problems: it is lagging even on GTX 960 with latest drivers in Windows.On Macbook Pro 15"" Middle 2015 with Radeon M370X it is just unplayable."
76561198042789685,Recommended,272270,29858259,Posted: 11 February,all,Charon,Amazing game sofar. I feel like a kid again ^^
76561198046786945,Recommended,272270,30673193,Posted: 22 March,all,bdng09,"It is story-rich with lots of depth. I find I want more! I want this universe to continue in future games; it's intriguing and wonderful. I found that I rarely had to fight because there are numerous ways to resolve conflict. This isn't a hack and slash so if that's what you're wanting, it's not going to be for you. But, if you love story and futurized fantasy, this game is for you!"
,Recommended,272270,34831758,Posted: 9 September,all,limbsmyth,"I loved this game, as I did it's spiritual progenitor. My only issue with it was it's length. Not long enough by far. Was it worth the money? Yes, unequivocally yes. I really wish they would produce more content for either this game, or just the world at large with other characters.I would spend a fair ammount on it if it were to become a franchise with more frequent installments."
76561197987481270,Recommended,272270,30745051,Posted: 26 March,all,SadHydralisk,"pro:* great storytelling* mind-blowing setting* great quests, with many different possible endings* no good/bad morality system, rather an five-different-affinities system, which allows also for mixed affinities (are you e.g. more the knowledge-seeker, or more the narcissist, ...)* good-looking and good-sounding game (for my taste)con:* combat can feel a bit clunky, in particular since there are chances to miss attacks.All in all, this is a great rpg in the spirit of Baldurs Gate. If you are into that sort of thing (including reading a *lot* of text), then this is your game. I love it! It is rather slowly paced, though, so if you get bored easily, then this might be not for you. I don't like the combat, but then again you can talk (or sneak) your way around many encounters, without missing too much, in particular it is not the killing of enemies which gives XP, but the resolution of problems (and acquisition of knowledge)."
76561198072861131,Recommended,272270,30254645,Posted: 28 February,all,Amra420,"very good game (during pre release, havent had a chance to play since launch) brought back many fond memories of the original torment.  I forsee many hours spent enjoying my adventures as the last of the castoff"
76561197978867242,Recommended,272270,30418309,Posted: 9 March,all,MilesMk1,"I had relatively low expecations for this game, and was very pleasantly surprised. I was hoping for an rpg/adventure where exploration and dialogue counted far more than grinding away at combat, and that's what I got along with a solid story, fun setting, great writing, and entertaining companions.Did inXile hit it out of the park? Well, if you compare it to the original PST, then obviously, they did not. The game is smaller, occasionally frustratingly so, and not nearly as ambitious. (although one of the upsides of the relatively small size is that there's virtually no filler) But that's an absurdly high bar. Compared to other indie(ish) RPGs like PoE, Wasteland 2, Shadowrun Returns, AoD or Tyranny, it's difficult to not call Torment: Tides of Numenara an excellent game. (unless the whole ""lots of talk and hardly any combat"" concept is not to your taste)Actually, speaking of other similar titles... I think it's absurd and unfair that this game is currently far worse reviewed than, for example, a game like Tyranny - which had a lot of potential, but was clearly released unfinished, and features far too much pointless filler. I think many of the poor reviews are less about objective judgement and more about shattered, impossibly high hopes."
76561198123938072,Recommended,272270,30432875,Posted: 10 March,all,latvanypekseg,"I just finished this game and enjoyed it pretty much. It is a successor of Planescape: Torment in a way that it is an exploratory game. T:TON is about discovering the denizens of the sixth world, finding clever solutions to people's problems, using junk you found on the way to invent new solutions. It is fantastic, the quests are well thought-out, the game truly shines in this aspect, every quest has several solutions, you can find another one and another one way to get what you want. You can see the amount of love and care that was sunk into this game and it really makes a difference.To add to this the designers managed to solve a problem as old as crpgs: How to avoid ruining the whole experience by saving/restoring. It is pretty hard to die, yet characters have three pools which they can use to solve different tasks which refresh every time they sleep. If you sleep a lot, you can solve every problem that can arise, with a little twist: Some quests change when you sleep, some goals become unattainable as time passes. This system is brilliant and most likely will become a new basic mechanic for crpgs.The world itself is beautiful and exciting, however I feel it is a bit fragmented, some cohesion would have made it even better. Several companions can be hired, most of them are interesting, and have rich backstories. The story of the game is enjoyable, not as great as P:T's but still entertaining and iimmersive.Considering everything I can only recommend this game to everyone."
76561198036742701,Recommended,272270,30434363,Posted: 10 March,all,Kable,"Not sure what's with all the negative reviews, I played this game from start to finish and enjoyed how it recaptured much of what I loved about Planescape: Torment."
76561197978036040,Recommended,272270,29491899,Posted: 25 January,all,TheCryingDemon,"I bought this game early january, played through the ""beta content/early access part"" in two days.realized the game didnt come out till January 26. Its now 00:20, and here I am."
,Recommended,272270,33539950,Posted: 14 July,all,}{ourglass,"Torment: Tides of Numenera is not a game for everyone, but if you like top-down turn-based RPGs, and enjoy reading lots of lore text, I'd thoroughly recommend it. I lost myself for hours at a time being completionist, completing side-quests and finding a surprising amount of non-combat workarounds to most conflicts.Would definitely recommend."
76561197991430581,Recommended,272270,33664096,Posted: 19 July,all,kbabij,"Perhaps the biggest flaw of this game is the inevitable comparison to Planescape: Torment.  This is obviously an intentional comparison on the part of the designers, and you can see some elements that are the same in both games: an amnesiac main character that can't stay dead, an unfamiliar alien world, belief shaping reality, a mysterious force hunting the main character, etc.  The truth is that if this game hadn't invited the comparison to Planescape: Torment, it would still likely be judged the same way.This game stands on its own, with some flaws detracting from the otherwise good quality.  I had originally started playing this game on a PS4 console, and quickly abandoned that experience as it was clear that the experience was intended for PC even if console releases were simultaneous.  I found the story to be compelling, the dialogue to be fresh and interesting, and the sheer artwork to be awe-inspiring.  The more I play, the more I get drawn into the rich world which they have created from the ground up.The few flaws that exist with this game mostly have to do with mechanics relating to combat and the points system.  Rather than opting for a system inherent in the Baldur's Gate series and Planescape: Torment in which the characters will continue to attack, cast spells, etc. until you choose a different action for them, this game is entirely turn based.  This means that you have to choose each and every action for your characters each and every time, from movement to special abilities to attacking the same monsters.  Although this system is inherent in games such as XCOM, Wasteland 2, and others, it somehow feels out of place in this type of game, especially since its predecessor Planescape: Torment did not feature a turn-only system.  And although the points system each character features allows you to increase your chance to hit with a weapon or to use a special ability in combat, these points are used so frequently that you will find yourself working hard to replenish them simply to get an edge from battle to battle.  Add to the fact that these same points are used outside of combat in scripted encounters to activate certain abilities, and you understand some of the frustration inherent with such a system.  And if you choose to rest to replenish these points rather than use inventory items to replenish them, the game actually advances certain quests and story elements independently.  This makes resting a tricky proposition if you're trying to solve certain quests that may advance without you.But even with these flaws, that's not enough to make me dislike this game.  It's too interesting, too beautiful, too engrossing to put it away and dismiss it.  It's not Planescape: Torment, and it will never be.  But on its own, it is a solid game worth the time of anyone who plays and enjoys  similar games, especially games that give you such a rich world with surprises around every corner."
76561197971692688,Recommended,272270,33323417,Posted: 6 July,all,[57th] Stilgar,"Not a bad game but not Torment Planescape by any stretch.Way more text, far less action. You end up having to talk to everyone multiple times to complete anything.And the dialog is not the same - no humor or depth. Just blathering.Buy it on sale."
76561198003701219,Recommended,272270,30323338,Posted: 4 March,all,LaserPewPew,"This game is OK, but not great"
76561198106458568,Recommended,272270,30712007,Posted: 24 March,all,outfoxed,"A worthy successor to the original classic. A little text-heavy in places, but that's to be expected. Crisis system is cleverly used, and it never feels like you're just grinding for levels and EXP like in so many other RPGs. Kudos to inXile."
76561198036024297,Recommended,272270,30717423,Posted: 24 March,all,ishkalafufu,Awesome.
,Recommended,272270,30710965,Posted: 24 March,all,mentat_emre,Not great as  Planescape: Torment but somewhat worthy story.
76561197988916995,Recommended,272270,30504034,Posted: 14 March,all,Longstrider,Good one.
76561198019584864,Recommended,272270,33736918,Posted: 22 July,all,Devorlast,"Good game, lots of negativity from folks who kickstarted it thinking it would be something different.Combat is weird but if you play the game focusing on diplomacy and smarts you can avoid almost all encounters in the game. I think I had to fight maybe a total of five times in the 40+ hours it took me to finish the game.The story is interesting and fun to follow. Plenty of side quests and LOTS of flavor text everywhere.Items and their descriptions are almost an art form all on their own. Even things that are seemingly ""vendor trash"" have rich, interesting descriptions and sometimes can be used in weird ways. I don't think i have had this much fun reading item descriptions since Baldurs Gate 1.Biggest flaws in the game are the linear progress in each ""act"" and the very abrupt ending of the game.There are no marked ""acts"" or chapters in the game but there are about four distinct location hubs, with the fourth one being the end game one that is pretty much linear. The districts are interesting and pretty large but still seem pretty locked tight compared to even Baldurs Gate series.The final of the game comes out of nowhere, you are literary doing some questing and following the story and BAM final mission comes up. Depending on your choices in game and how well you did in certain ""mares"" the options at the end of the game will change but ultimately it doesn't feel as fun as the ending of even Planescape. And of course your in game choices will be described along with their consequences at the end in a series of static text blocks... Well, at least its better then the initial Mass Effect 3 ending.Overall its a good game, well worth the price tag, takes over 40 hours which include probably about 10 hours of reading if not more. If you are set on fighting everything in your path and would like to take the force solution to your in game problems then you should get some other game, combat system is not the worst I have ever seen but it is very far from enjoyable."
76561198029066816,Recommended,272270,31190541,Posted: 16 April,all,Stevo,"Wonderful lore for those who look hard enough. I sugest the game based on the story alone, I made it through most the game on my first run by avoiding combat all together."
,Recommended,272270,34215276,Posted: 13 August,all,Sorenzo,"So far, it lives up to its name.Which is very, very good.I was kinda worried when I realized it was a sci-fi game, but they've really captured the essence of Planescape: Torment, despite the setting being so... new. Frankly, apart from a few things that are rather too outlandish, I'm very impressed with the setting. It's not easy to create a compelling setting without relying on previously-known elements, but they've pulled it off.I wouldn't necessarily recommend playing this game and Planescape: Torment back-to-back. I think much of the beauty of Numenera happens when something is vaguely reminiscent of something you saw long ago... especially since that fits the theme of the game so well. But I guess I can't tell you to go back in time 20 years just so you can play through Planescape: Torment and then forget most of it.But I can recommend you buy both games, play Planescape: Torment now, and then play Numenera some time later. ;)Edit: If you like a game with a lot of combat in it, you're going to have to be willing to be a jerk to the NPC's. Don't play diplomatically. ;)"
,Recommended,272270,30318801,Posted: 4 March,all,Hawke,"Summary.Torment: Tides of Numenerais a party-RPG, 35-40 hour long, the battle system is poor, the story is fine. The game is good, but it fails to compete with either nostalgia or the other RPGs available. Approaching it without comparison or expectations would provide the best experience.Update.Extra content has been added for free in the latest patch (1.1.0).Update.Completed the 2nd playthrough.The game tracks most of player's choices, but doesn't show if an event is the consequence of player's actions, time-dependant or a default scenario;There is not enough information in battles shown (i.e. no log, no rolls, no opponent's stats);There is usually one weapon per type (Heavy, Medium, Light) per stat (Might, Speed, Intellect) per area (except for Medium Speed weapons, there are sometimes 2 per area).Key points:The story is fine, the lore is rather bizarre, the information is presented in pieces to form the whole picture by the end (some side quests bite later during the main ones);Several ways to resolve quests;The decisions sometimes provide immediate or clear results, due to the game's structure you see some outcomes only in the epilogue;Areas changesubtlydepending on the actions taken;Terminology is different for the sake of being different - ""nano"" is a mage, ""CRISIS"" is combat, ""fettle"" is an effect/status, ""oddity"" is useless loot and ""numenera"" is an artifact in the most common meaning (matearial product of human culture/civilization);3 battles in the firsrt 15 hours, more unskippable battles later, turn-based combat, hard to say how balanced it is;No stealth outside of combat, which means inability to scout areas before encounters or start combat with an attack from stealth;RNG-based skill checks in dialogues encourage to use F5/F9 often;Several choose-your-adventure (text-based) sequences, several dialogue pazzles (i.e. answers mean something);Good graphics, good animations (but there's no option to speed it up);""Heavy"" UI, no option to sort items in the inventory (which gets more problematic as the player acquires more items);Good soundtrack, annoyingly voiced commands (turned off VA after 10 hours);Customizable controls;No fast-travel and a lot of running through the same locations;Some side quests are bugged (v.1.0.1);Companions, who are available, but not in the active party, don't gain experience;Tides seem to be the same thing as allignment in D&D and it can be min-max'ed as well.There are other games doing what TToN is trying to do, but better.For hardcore RPG experience -The Age of Decadance;For nostalgia -Pillars of Eternity."
76561198029442474,Recommended,272270,31793146,Posted: 16 May,all,Piethief,"If you enjoy reading, exploration, and decision making more than combat then Tides of Numenera is a great title.  There is almost no combat in the 8 hours I've played so far."
,Recommended,272270,32600245,Posted: 20 June,all,Ronberg,"This game had many expectations because of the name.Strip that aside, I very enjoyed this game. Don't expect more than one playthrough, but it is one sweet ride."
76561197970704303,Recommended,272270,30319011,Posted: 4 March,all,Aretak,"I'm sure the Good Ship Internet is already groaning under the weight of reviews comparing this with the original Planescape: Torment, which is only to be expected. The entire premise of the Kickstarter seemed to hinge on our collective desire to have more of that sort of thing, please and thankyou. It basically succeeds, I guess? Only much like with Pillars of Eternity, now that I finally have access to the Further Adventures of Videogame Systems I Found Thrilling in 1999, it's no longer something for which the Me of 2017 has any patience. I was messing about with Divinity: Original Sin to pass the time before this was released and realised it is exactly what I wanted all along, a worthy successor to those venerable Infinity Engine titles but infused with all the vigor and innovation of almost 20 years of gaming evolution.On another, much more specific topic, that dialogue window. Bleh. You spend so much time (SO MUCH TIME) in conversation with grotesque interchangeable character models, particularly if you choose to placate your way out of ever having to engage in the tiresome combat system. Could they not have hired an artist to sketch some portraits for the NPCs? It honestly feels like I'm just reading a wiki at times rather than interacting with characters in a fantastical realm.Anyway, recommending because it performs exactly as advertised!"
76561197982497233,Recommended,272270,31500196,Posted: 1 May,all,Mr.X,"What a gem of a find, i never played the original, so I really did not know what to expect.What I found was a very well written classic style RPG, with a futuristic twist, and lots of options for playthrough.give it a try"
76561198205167152,Recommended,272270,33638824,Posted: 18 July,all,scottm5551988,"If you liked Pillars of Eternity, Tyranny, Baldur's Gate,or Planescape Torment, and want something with turnbased combat like the old Fallout games, download this game! It really stands out in this isometric rpg renaissance for it's humor, replayability combat variety from battle to battle. Like the first Torment game, a character with converation skills and has less trouble remebering his past lives typically gets the most experience."
,Recommended,272270,30449736,Posted: 11 March,all,Æthian,"Been playing 10 hours so far into the game, and a huge fan of the Table Top Setting (this game when it was first advertised actually pushed me toward it considering my love for Planescape.)If you enjoy a well written Narrative that is a nice piece of science fantasy adaptation of the table top, The game had a huge swath of options for non-combat resolution. In fact just like Planescape Torment it's was far more liberating learning the story.However that said, like Planescape Torment, you will have to do lots of reading I cannot stress this enough. If you don't like reading a bunch of text and prefer voice acting, Nor have the patience, you will not like this game.I cannot stress this enough."
76561198007345664,Recommended,272270,33831486,Posted: 27 July,all,Ashley,"I really like this game. It is set in a very different world than any other games in the genre that I have played and took a little getting used to but every quest that I have completed has been interesting and revealed a little more about the setting, drip feeding information. The combat, which you are rarely forced into, is simple enough to be able to grasp straight away but complex enough for some tatical thought as well.The only problems I have had so far were a bug near the very beginning which required a save file deletion, and has not reoccured, and then a couple of pathing problems in crowded areas, which can be solved with patience.All in all I like game, it reminds me of older CRPGs with more information to keep a hold of but more rewarding when you finish quests that your hand wasn't held through."
,Recommended,272270,33993005,Posted: 3 August,all,NoodninjaDood,"I have really enjoyed this game! I've logged 84 hours acording to steam :) The world is amazing, the art incredible and the game play is fun. I love that the Crisis' are not always combat and that combat is generally avoidable. There were some things in the early acess version that I enjoyed that didn't make it into the final cut for whatever reason and I was a little disapointed by that it added depth to one of the characters and the castoff's labrynth."
76561198186413395,Recommended,272270,33869504,Posted: 28 July,all,Dragon_Code_X,Very very very cooool. Very cool. I love this. It's great. OMG. I'm bad at writing reviews but highly recommend.There is a lot of reading (that is a positive for me)I don't know. Pretty much it's just plain good.
76561198254675977,Recommended,272270,34565981,Posted: 28 August,all,Thorvaldur,I recommend this game.
,Recommended,272270,30995772,Posted: 7 April,all,give me head,"You've heard the stories; This game has a lot of TEXT. God forbid they actually make you READ in an RPG game!Seriously, though, it's a really good RPG, heavy on plot, dialogue and character development and less focused on combat.I found the story engaging and I recommend it to anyone looking for something different than the usual."
76561198012067179,Recommended,272270,34404388,Posted: 21 August,all,jorgonq,"This is one of the best, most original games I've played in recent memory. To start, my very small list of gripes:The ending: I felt the ending was a little lackluster. I loved the revelation of a large chunk of the plot however, I felt the end decisions were too open-ended. I would much prefer to be forced into only a couple of decisions via my choice-making throughtout the game.Length: I felt the game was too short. I accomplished the vast majority of tasks in my first play through and spent about 30 hours total. This game is so great I just want more of it.Equipment: I love inventory management and felt that there weren't enough weapon and armor choices.What I did loveThe World: The Ninth World is super cool. I love the mix of ancient, decaying tech with limited magic, some divine interference, and a splash of high-fantasy. If a sequel is made I hope it utilizes this same world with its rich history.Combat: I love that, especially in the beginning, the use of ability points is soooo agonizing. It makes every decision feel very important and also challenges the player to think outside the box and try to use the environment around them.The Story: Very fun and interesting story. I felt each chapter did a good job of fleshing out my character and what he/she was. I daresay by the end I actually cared about my character, which rarely happens.Environmental Interactions: It felt like nearly every other thing could be interacted with, and, most importantly, if a skill check failed it wasn't a big deal because sometimes something even better happened as a result.In summation, if you enjoy story driven games with inventive combat and good environmental interaction this game is for you."
,Recommended,272270,31402616,Posted: 27 April,all,Vaelentine,"A worthy spiritual successor to the original planescape; though I found the complete and utter lack of romance options a little odd, very, vvery fun and re-playable. Would buy and play again. :D"
76561198007383300,Recommended,272270,30538190,Posted: 16 March,all,TURNUP,"Exactly what I wanted, a rich and deep story. Not the perfect game (obviously), but Damn Good! Highly recommend."
,Recommended,272270,33758663,Posted: 23 July,all,napoleonic_sp007rz,"Maybe not as good as the original but still pretty good on it's own+ bizarre interesting background world that blend scifi with fantasy although overall the game take side to fantasy more than scifi (opposite of mass effect, for example, but this world is much much more bizarre).+ effort system, this system let you capable of trying harder to pass a skill check on many action both in and out of combat at the expense of your effort pool points, for example a normal attack with no extra effort cost you 0 effort point but only has 55% chance of hit while dealing 5 damage, if you spend 1 effort point that would add 10% chance to hit and +1 damage but of course your effort point on that area decreased by 1 point until the next rest.+ effort system isn't limited to combat, you have options to do so on any other actions including conversation (on specific occasions of course) and interacting with the world, IMO this is a gamechanger on rpg and a must have for any other rpg, I hope devs start adding it, after all oit add potential for role playing.+ more meaningful loots compared in other rpgs, as the dev said, there is no generic mace +1 damage as loot in this game, instead even the weakest loot has some interesting effect on this game.+/- hand crafted encounters with option to solve it in numerous ways including non combat for almost all encounters in the game, that mean there is no random trash mob fights in this game, I like it but some may not.+ with bizarre world comes bizarre characters- mediocre turn based combat- end game not as satisfying as the beginning.- although the world and characters are more bizarre here, I'm liking tyranny's characters/companions more, they are more memorable there than here, not realy sure myself why, maybe because the bizarre game world itself overshadow your companions here.- I hoped it would havre been more on the scifi thing than fantasy."
76561198039189926,Recommended,272270,34507304,Posted: 26 August,all,NICKATORS,"I enjoyed this game a lot. If you are a fan of table top role playing (like Pathfinder or something similar) than this game is definitely for you. It is not an action game although there is a combat component. This game plays like a true 'old school' RPG where you become immersed in your character and the story.On the other hand, iIf you do not like to read or take the time to get into all the lore and settings of a game then you probably won't like this game..."
76561198029006705,Recommended,272270,33418142,Posted: 9 July,all,Aegrum,"I wanted to avoid comparisons to planescape: torment but since tides of numenera is selling itself as a thematic successor (which it succeeds at), some things need to be talked about.Like Planescape, Tides is a cerebral text-heavy game where you can talk yourself out of most combat situations or avoid them all together. If you build a strong combative character, you can find yourself fighting quite a bit. But no matter how aggressive you play, the fighting will be dwarfed by the amount of reading you'll be doing. While the combat is solid and has a nice feel to it, this is hardly the best game for strategic turn-based combat. What you should be coming to this game for is the engrossing world and story, it's unique cast of characters, and the special mood this game offers.Both games feature a protagonist unsure of their identity who is faced with philosophical and existential situations in highly imaginative bizarre/alien worlds. Both deal with similar themes but remain different enough to branch into separate areas. ""What can change the nature of a man?"" is at the heart of Planescape, and ""What does one life matter?"" is at the heart of Tides.If you have played Planescape, I feel it's important to go into this one with limited expectations to be pleasantly surprised at all the similar feelings and nods to planescape rather than looking for what does or doesn't measure up. I think the mixed reviews are partly do to that, and also from people buying the game expecting something like Pillars of Eternity, where combat plays a much larger role and is significantly less text-heavy.Despite PS and Tides being in different universes, you'll recognize some names and items and even some of the areas+characters will remind you of those in planescape - again being different but resminicent. Tides takes place in the numenera table top world which itself is largely influenced by the planescape D&D campaign setting.There are some mechanics I really enjoyed in this game - such as failing skill checks can often lead to interesting variations in the quests, and may open up new doors that you otherwise wouldn't get to. In a few negative reviews I saw people saying that they wish they could do this or that not knowing that they totally could if they had made different choices previously. inXile's previous game Wasteland 2 offered an incredible amount of ways to navigate situations and complete quests, and Tides continues the possiblities by adding depth to skill check success/failureOverall, this game offered a great 40 hour ride with future replayability. I'll continue thinking about it. Highly recommended!"
76561197984668134,Recommended,272270,34520320,Posted: 26 August,all,jtmayfield,"I enjoyed the rich story element to this game. If you are into that sort of thing, then you'll definitely be into this game. There are some limitations that you'll encounter but the deep story telling and interesting characters will get you through."
76561198021619883,Recommended,272270,29255284,Posted: 14 January,all,Lichdom,I WANT MORE NOW!THE GAME IS AMAZING!SQUEEZING EVERYTHING I CAN OUT OF THE BETA!:D
76561197961557963,Recommended,272270,30366489,Posted: 6 March,all,blip,"add me to the thumbs up crowd. i loved planescape, and this is an excellent follow up. there is tons of reading, there are mysterious objects that i carried around the whole game waiting for when they would be the exact thing i needed, there are companions with  pretty decent plot lines, who are distinct from each other. i finished the game today, and i immediately started on it again with a different character. even in the first couple scenes there is enough difference in the play throughs for me to be happy to play again.my only complaint: compared to the elder scrolls games it's short. ;)the game was super stable on my pc (i had to tab out a lot and it handled it very well), and i found no bugs. i hope these folks continue to make these games. i will continue to buy them."
76561198063535854,Recommended,272270,30616389,Posted: 19 March,all,cave812,"Epic+1 storytime. Very cereberal game, It will make you think real hard about something before you do it, strategy is an element to it. The combat is bad but almost completly not needed, there are ways to get around combt almost all of the time and it seems combat is actually meant to be avoided wich is how I role played my first go through."
76561198047855705,Recommended,272270,32259015,Posted: 7 June,all,jordanl.l300,"I have 70 hours in on this game. in a SINGLE playthrough. This game was pure CRPG refinement. This is a masterfully done throwback to the artistic story driven games of legend.But enough about my opinion.The facts:If you don't like reading the game is lost on you. Not saying you cant expedite dialogue choices, but as the sequel to Planescape: Torment the game expands exponentially when you embrace the dialogue. There are even multiple choose your own mini adventures in the form of ""merecasters"" throughout the game which are, for the most part optional.Combat is a lot of fun. There are many choices to be made which affect your resolution of ""crisis"" which can be done through guile or firepower.The story is extremely well written. Definitely feels like the games of old, as I said. I found myself very enthralled and very engrossed in the story above and beyond the combat. Hungry and curious for exposing all the secrets and mysteies of the Ninth World and beyond.Be seduced by extra-planar entities. Playing for the paragon? Find yourself mystified and enthralled by a giant fleshy predator that approves or disproves your choices. Slowly corrupting you to more predatory actions.A completely alien world very unique lore and lots and lots of subtexts to help give you a large and living picture of this world a billion years in the future.Extremely fun and well worth the read/playthrough."
76561198145478359,Recommended,272270,31520142,Posted: 3 May,all,statichackx,"Love this game.  Most of my playtime is on PS4 version.   Decided to purchase it twice so I can run my second playthrough on my new laptop :)Writing is amazing, better quality than most novel's I've read.   Graphics for a CRPG are freaking top notch on PC.  PS4 struggles a bit with FPS so I must say the PC is a far better experience here, but nothing game-breaking on console.Style is 10/10.   Found an artifact on a table that had interaction consequences resulting in color phases through the EM Spectrum.  Knowing the order got me a nice item.  Every where you go is unique and thought provoking.Combat is 7/10.  Don't mind the turn based but targetting got a little rough in certain areas.  Also wish there was sooo much more chances to fight!Interface is 8/10.   Love the menus, but the dialog and regular HUD seem like they could use a touch up.Replay Value is 9/10.  One special thing about this CRPG is there are multiple levels to every dialog option.  For example,  'Examine the table' might net me a description of the table and its contents.  But now the option isn't just grey noting ive already seen the outcome, now it says 'Examine the table again'.   Sometimes you get the same resuslt in shorter or summarized (but still different) text, sometimes you notice something new, absolutely love this.Gameplay is 9/10.   Great Classic RPG mechanics foundation and love the tides system (although wish there was a bit more interaction with it, visibility into specifics such as a current tide level for each color, and wish it had a bit more consequence).    Loved reading every item description, lots of depth."
76561198032638684,Recommended,272270,31247838,Posted: 19 April,all,Tyrax,"This must be the first cRPG I played where I haven't entered combat in over 10 hours and where conversations feel like true battles - intense and satisfying. You know the saying, ""Words can cut deeper than any knife"".Will update the review when I finish it, but so far it's a solid recommendation."
76561197998619129,Recommended,272270,30612614,Posted: 19 March,all,Fatman,"TL;DR It's a good gameJust finished my first playthrough with a diplomatic character. The story is interesting, the characters well written (although there isn't as much interaction with them as I'd like) and there's plenty of approaches to problems. There are ways of completing the game without pretty much any combat (which is good).A lot of my enjoyment came from exploring a completely unknown world - I am not sure how well it will hold up over multiple playthroughs. I also didn't feel there were that many quests I wanted to go back to, to do them differently."
76561197972143046,Recommended,272270,33646024,Posted: 19 July,all,corinsenok,"Was fine, pretty, just a bit short.  I'm going to try its replay value, but after getting the full version it took mebbe 6-10 hours to finish, and I wasn't really really pushing.Good distraction for the price tho."
,Recommended,272270,34311773,Posted: 17 August,all,Kestrel Hudson,"- Easily one of the best writings among all of the videogames I've played;- Unique setting, interesting locations which are fun to explore;- Battles are rare, unique and meaningful, which is something I really appretiate since I've never enjoyed classic CRPG combat.I dont want to go into debates, my opinion is, the game on its own clearly deserves appritiation. It's a shame it didn't get one."
,Recommended,272270,34315497,Posted: 17 August,all,aikawarei,"It is text heavy and for someone who was brand new to the series, I still enjoyed it. I haven't played Planescape, but honestly, this was an enjoyable game with lots of replay value."
,Recommended,272270,30418405,Posted: 9 March,all,Fire walk with me,"Sigh. I really wanted to love it. I did enjoy quite a few parts of it. But in the end the feeling it left me with was disappointment. It feels unfinished, its concepts barely more than a sketch. A good start leads to a rushed and uninteresting ending. The majority of characters elicit no emotions from you whatsoever, they are actors in an incoherent drama you don't really care about. Some of them don't even enjoy a luxury of having a discernable personality. And as some people pointed out: a lot of text doesnt necessarily mean good writing. And yes - it is a spiritual successor to original Torment, that can't be denied. Unfortunately, the only thing which it failed to inherit is the original's quality.A game with great potential which it succeeded to fulfill only partially.I'm pressing a recommend, only because there are few if any similar games out there. That, however, does not mean that this one meets the expectations it had set for itself."
,Recommended,272270,30417769,Posted: 9 March,all,TheJake,"""Oh man. Look. This is hard to write. This game is absolutely excellent, but I'm not sure you should buy it."" The reviewer flinches from your attention. ""Ultimately, I just wasn't happy with the handling of the Sorrow and... some other key aspects."" He, or maybe it, shrugs tiredly and settles back into his work. Pointedly not paying attention to you.1: [Amanuensis] Try to remember if you'll like it. You know you've played something like this before.2: [Tidal Surge] Force the reviewer to tell you that it's the family motif that set poorly with him.3: I think you just take issue with the fact that this is basically Mecha-Ohana Simulator.4: You have to understand, themes this large often don't leave space for human elements."
76561198003343758,Recommended,272270,30460823,Posted: 11 March,all,Grimourum,"So far Torment seems like a very well written story driven game that makes me feel like I am playing a highly immersive choose your own adventure book. It creates a world that is very unique and interesting while fostering mystery and intrigue. It seems to take the role-playing part of being an RPG to the next level while including some cool mechanics to give it a twist. Having options to resolve an encounter instead of just mowing down the baddies is very interesting. If you want something different from the traditional RPG, this could be a good pickup."
76561198039983702,Recommended,272270,30439914,Posted: 10 March,all,wendigo211,"I vacillated on whether to recommend this game or not.  It is not as good as Planescape: Torment, but as long you temper your expectations, it is an enjoyable experience.  However, it is somewhat overpriced right now.  I would wait until it is on sale for 20-30 USD before buying it.The setting very much is that carnival of weirdness and peculiarity that one would expect from a successor to Planescape: Torment.  The Numenera setting is one of people trying to survive in the ashes of previous highly advanced civilizations; civilizations who built devices that appear magical to the explorers of this strange world.  This allows for devices that flagrantly taunt the laws of physics without the need for a sci-fi explanation as no one is alive who understands this technology.  While Numenera uses technology to recreate the setting that D&D used magic to simulate.  It lacks some of the coherence of the Planescape setting.  Within Sigil, belief had the power to alter reality and anything could be a doorway to another plane of existence, under those guidelines everything made sense.  There are fewer rules governing the Numenera setting.The main plot passable but flawed.  You are the castoff of a human who has gained immortality by jumping from body to body through history.  Whenever he leaves a body a new personality inhabits that castoff body with some of the memories of the original.   This person is being chased by an immortal monster, and that monster is also chasing all the castoffs.  This monster is pursuing you because of something called the tides.  The problem is the tides (and the problem with the tides) are never well explained.  You essentially start the game being told you must repair a device that will stop this monster, and all your efforts in the game resolve around finding someone who can repair this device.  You never really question why you are doing all of this, beyond basic survival, until the last 10 minutes of the game.  Note that all the endings of the game are determined by your choices in final conversation.The gameplay is not very good.  Much like Planescape: Torment, Tides of Numenera does allow you to talk your way through quests instead of fighting.  The problem is, while conversations are arguably the focus of the game.  They are not the main gameplay mechanic.  The gameplay is really focused on crises that can be resolved using stealth or combat.  Most of the crises consist of more than just beating the enemy and the early crises can be fun to play. As you progress the character mechanics and acquisition of items reduce the crises to trivialities.  The game features a very generous system of stat pools that can be used to purchase successes.  It is so generous that it trivializes the game.  Any conflict you encounter can be solved either using the consumables you acquired or spending some points from the pools that refresh whenever you rest.  The pools offer larger bonuses than skill levels, making skill choices redundant.  This also limits the character variety and reduces replayability.Despite these flaws, there is joy to be had in exploring the world in this video game.  Some of the side quests are well done and the descriptions of the items and locations are interesting and entertaining.  The game clocks in at a respectable 20-30 hours, not great for an RPG you probably will not be replaying, but it is a memorable experience."
76561198287475774,Recommended,272270,33797910,Posted: 25 July,all,"Alas, Rich Yorick","I first became interested in this game after hearing that my favorite author, Patrick Rothfuss, actually helped write out a character. And let me tell you, it shows. The characters in this game are very well developed and unique, making me want to get to know each one of them. And the fact that each choice has some impact... Mmm, there's a lot of replay value. I've spent many many hours on this game, and I'm still curious enough to start new playthroughs with new choices being made."
76561198001888575,Recommended,272270,33630555,Posted: 18 July,all,jenjanes,"I am sad to see that many of the negative reviews on here are due to technical difficulties, because this is a great game. It is quite true to the spirit of the original, although it lacks a certain dark grittiness that was present in Planescape: Torment. The main story, as well as the side stories, are compelling and original. The only cons I would grant this game is that it seldom goes on sale, occasionally you will fail a quest due to circumstances partially beyond your control (which seems unfair, although it does not happen often), and I would not recommend it for someone who doesn't like to read (there is a lot of reading involved in this game, which I like). If you were a fan of Planescape: Torment, or you were a 90s kid who read Choose Your Own Adventure novels, do yourself a favor and buy this game."
,Recommended,272270,34298412,Posted: 16 August,all,Panzer Juice,"This game is not Planescape Torment. If you're looking to recapture that Nostalgia you'll be disappointed. Tides of Numenera is a great game though. The writing, choices, characters and deep story are all what you'd expect from Inxile. If you like Wasteland 2, this is on that level. There isn't much voice acting and the beginning can be slow especially if like me you're unfamilar with the source material.All criticisms aside there is an amazing game here; performance and controls were never an issue. If you enjoy Strategy CRPG with a deep story and tons of lore, choices and great companions. This game is worth every penny at $45 and a steal at ~<$25TL:DR Highly Recommended"
,Recommended,272270,31305440,Posted: 22 April,all,Arturito,"Although I'm new to this genre of games, I enjoyed this game much more than I thought I ever would. I would definitely reccommend this to anyone that is deciding on getting it or not."
76561197960957932,Not Recommended,272270,31883553,Posted: 21 May,all,YHWH - PaceR,"Good storyline, but a bit too short and combat is meh.Buy on discount."
,Recommended,272270,31817920,Posted: 18 May,all,Drophilus,"This has some excellent potential, but it feels like half the game it could be - and I mean that literally. The game should be twice as long and twice as in depth, with a greater  variety of locations to explore, and companions to run around with. I am and was a huge fan of Torment, and I really did enjoy the time spent in this game. I accept the criticism others have made. And I hate to edge at spoilers, but I felt like the ending was too reminiscint of the infamous Mass Effect 3. That said, I reccomend playing it -- and I'm happy to see they've decided to add content."
,Recommended,272270,30631361,Posted: 20 March,all,Ray Smuckles,"I loved the game. It made full use of the Dying Earth setting to deliver a slew of strange concepts, which I found extremely stimulating. The writing was generally of a very high calibre, and even the descriptive text I found to be a cut above almost anything else in the RPG genre (c f Pillars of Eternity where a lot of the descriptive text and worldbuilding is awwwwwfffuuullly boring and should never have made it into a finished game - though it's a good game for other reasons). I liked the reactivity built into the interactions. I replayed Planescape Torment recently and something that bothered me was how there'd often be no recognition that you'd done or learnt something. For example, I'd be well into the Clerk's Ward, having done every quest I could, and still have the exact same conversation with Pox outside the Mortuary, asking who the Dustmen are and what they believe. From what McComb said in one of the streams, this may have been a casualty of technical problems with the engine. Numenera had excellent reactivity - if I'd learnt something related to one character or which might be relevant to a quest, I'd usually have an option to bring it up in conversation in NPC interactions. Consequently, it was very easy for me to look at the situation the Last Castoff was in, think 'How would I deal with this?' or 'What would I want to know if I were in the Castoff's position?' and explore the resultant avenues of inquiry.It's probably fair to say I was most interested in the setting and writing behind the individual quests, which is where the game was strongest. Gene Wolfe's The Book of the New Sun is one of my favourite literary works of all time, and Jack Vance's Dying Earth isn't far off (honourable mention to Michael John Harrison's Viriconium - Harrison is, much like Wolfe, a technical writer par excellence). The thing I most would've wanted that the game didn't give? More! And by that, I don't mean that the game is short - I don't know exactly how long it took me; my recorded gameplay time is just under 43 hours, but I spent quite a bit of time with the game open in the background while I was doing other stuff, so I'd estimate I'm in the mid-30s for game time, which is not short. What I mean is I loved the world and quest writing so much, I'd love to have played a sprawling, Baldur's Gate 2 length game, seeing all of the weirdness that the Ninth World has to offer. But I understand this would be beyond budget and not worth the return on sales. Anyway, the game's flaws don't feel so significant to me.I can see how they would turn someone else off the game, however. Combat was flawed, for example - not irredeemably bad, but with faults in execution such as the time taken for turns, and poor encounter design. The central storyline was also not great. It didn't feel like the game's primary antagonist related particularly well to the game's purported theme, nor was it well-developed. I think the inadequate attention paid to the Sorrow is probably the biggest failing of the game's writing. An additional area to the game, in which you explore a location related to the Sorrow's origins, would have done a lot to remedy this, even if it wouldn't have fixed the direct role of the Sorrow in the story's central conflict.The Changing God was interesting and I thought dealt with well. Possibly more could have been done with him, but he's a concept which could be pushed in so many directions, and there's so much that could be done, that it'd be very hard to look at any particular use of him and say that that use exhausted his concept or executed it perfectly.Some of the flaws other people experienced I did not find - for example, I liked the companions. Again, more could have been done with them, but what is there is not bad. The only one I did not care for too much was Tybir, who was simply too generic. He wasn't done badly, so that failing is no real knock on the game. I also liked the visuals. Sure, more animations would have been nice, particularly combat animations, but I thought the art style and colouring were vivid and evocative.To summarise my view on Numenera, considered alone: I liked it a hell of a lot, and it's probably my favourite RPG since the Witcher 3, and before that... Vampire Bloodlines? Arcanum? I'd put it comfortably above other relatively recent high quality RPGs like Pillars of Eternity and Fallout New Vegas, which I also enjoyed but didn't resonate on a deep level. The writing with respect to the individual characters and the setting are top-notch, even if the central story lacks in some respects, and earns the game a place in my pantheon of great videogame storytelling experiences.How do I think it compares to Planescape Torment? Having replayed that game recently: quite well! PST is a more coherent game, from a storytelling perspective, and that gives a good argument that it is better from a literary view, but I didn't think the setting was as fascinatingly varied and exotic, and the quests aside from the central storyline weren't as consistently engaging. Combat in PST was also, rather than being deeply flawed, fundamentally bad and odious. Character wise, PST has an edge, because each companion related thematically to the central storyline, though I found that the common thread of the binding nature of torment and suffering was a little relentlessly dour.On the whole, I'd say they're closely comparable in the level of enjoyment I derived from them. I suspect my view that they are comparable in terms of overall merit is premised on my affinity for Dying earth science fantasy settings over straight fantasy settings, even ones as strange as Planescape, so take that for what its worth."
,Recommended,272270,30972789,Posted: 5 April,all,gullevek,"As I have never played the original game I just started without any prior knowledge (besides the basic stuff I read up about the world).At first I was very confused and couldn't get into the story at all. Too many strange words without explenation, confusing people, places. Etc. But the more I played the more I got into it, so much that I couldn't even stop playing this game. The story is really amazing, well written and executed. I can't imagine I ever read pure text in some side thing (Mere) that had nothing to do with the main story itself, but moved me deeply. Very well done.A warning anyway. This is a RPG with a lot of text. Really a lot of text. And text that needs to be read to actually understand what is going on. This is not an action heavy RPG. You can really skip, escape, avoid all battles. There is also not the ultra loot here. So shop interfaces are very simple because there is no need for more.I highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys a deep great story with amazing art work and fantastic locations.If you came here because you played Pillars of Eternity, this is very different. The battles are turn based, there is not much loot and no vast areas to scout through some hidden artifacts.Came for the story, stayed for the story.Highly recommended. Will play it again."
76561198031384096,Recommended,272270,32372276,Posted: 12 June,all,pbdunton,"Great game. I was a little worried about the original premise of not focusing on combat, but found that there was enough of it for me. The leveling-up system has a lot of original elements that are rewarding. The story is great. A little bit of a different experience from Tyranny and Pillars but I enjoyed it just as much. Like the original Torment it has a cool core concept and setting."
76561198028384588,Recommended,272270,30472081,Posted: 12 March,all,roberthatem,This is a really immersive game with lots of character development and story. Really excellent old-school style RPG.
76561198026764468,Recommended,272270,30259688,Posted: 1 March,all,Nyarly,"Hello all,I am early in the game and from what I could see, the game is good, but not good at the same time.I am really hesitating between recommanding and not recommanding the game at the same time.First, the game is gorgeous, you can't say they didn't make a great work there, the pillars of eternity engine is certainly great (though I would have liked some coop like baldur's gate).Then the story, the story is certainly worth it, it is really well written, intriguing and you really want to go deeper into it.The narrative is certainly the strongest point of the game with some stuff I could argue about like the change of scenery coming out of nowhere which in game is only a story, you take a couple minute to get into and by the time you're into it, you're back in reality... Some game effects could have been added to make more immersion.Music and narration goes along with it, all pleasant and makes you want to hear more.The the mechanics, the gameplay, the combat system... Well, let's start by saying that turn based combat isn't bad, I personnaly like turn based when it is well made such as fallout 1,2 or more recently divinity original sin!BUT WHY OH WHY CHANGING THE MECHANICS SO MUCH??? The first torment was a blast combat wise... This one is really a deception... They threw away the D&D mechanics relative to the Torment universe to create a really poor system with 3 stats (might, speed and intellect) which form a ""pool"" from which you can drain points to perform successful actions or having a chance to fail them... Meaning, if you make a warrior, you will have high might and most likely succeed your might test all the time until your might goes down to 0 ! (example if you have 9 in might, you make an action and decide to spend 3 points to succeed it, you will have 6 left in might until you can replenish it)The system is horribly bad, just like the cyphers which are kind of like a one time use magic object.Going away from the classic D&D rule set is the biggest mistake they made, they should have conserved it even if it would cost more to have the right to use them!Which also did cost them the class system which is down to the nano (the mage/mechanic), the jack (jack of all trade, master of none, kind of rogue) and the warrior, well, what's more to say about it? Master of weapons and armors.Heck, even taking the pillars of eternity system would have been better! It was their engine so why not take their combat system instead of this horrible pool system!Even by beeing a warrior with everything in might, if you empty your pool, you can fail a test... Same with the nano I am playing with right now.Finally, the interface is really blend and I would have appreciated to see the portrait of NPC you're talking to avoid confusion while reading a dialog between more than 2 characters because this ask you to be really attentive to each name popping during a conversation.The dialog window could have been made better to avoid the need to scroll down when making a choice.Appart from that, the game, the animations of the decor, the story, everything is great and is the reason why I would recommend the brilliant writing of the scenario... Don't play Tides of Numenera hoping to get a deep RPG system... The RPG is all about the story and what it will make you discover althought many already state the story feels short.Fort a 50$ game, this is quite a let down! I am finally glad I didn't back the game.The world while seeming quite alien is lacking of mystical creatures and npc like the modrone, the black knight, morte, Anna, Ignis... And all the fun, weird, original and deep characters which could travel alongside with you in the original game. They made us go back to something classic."
76561198035796040,Recommended,272270,30592830,Posted: 18 March,all,jacobcrafoord,"Having played Planescape: Torment many times, and with all the information I had about Torment: Tides of Numenera prior to the game released, I had the highest expectations when I bought this.Although not as great as Planescape: Torment I still think it's a good game with a good story. One of the main differences is the main character, the last castoff, that - unlike Planescape: Torment - isn't the main focus of the story and is more of a tool/vessel whom the story unfold around. The game is more 'a' journey than 'my' journey. The roleplaying game is toned down and the emphasis is on the narrative.The companions, with a few exceptions, feels less likable and interesting compared to those in Planescape: Torment. I wish the developers had dared to go further with their imagination in the creating process.Very nice graphics. I loved it. Sagus Cliff, the Bloom...beautiful, fascinating. Characters, for example the last castoff, is unfortunately quite ""robotic"" and the visual effects of spells/effects on characters a bit annoying after a while.Music is great, especially in the beginning - ambient - though there were an overall lack of songs that stood out, like ""Fortress of Regrets"" in Planescape: Torment. Sound effects are sometimes too prominent.Many of the quests and sidequests are even better than those in Planescape: Torment. Lots of different ways to solve them with lots of different results.New system for skills, abilities and fighting. I like it and I think it's promising. The biggest problem is that it's too easy. In the beginning of the game it's ok but quickly the challenge disappears. You fail a skillcheck because you choose to (can sometimes give interesting results), not because you run out of skillpoints.8/10Knowing what I know now, do I regret buying it at full price? No.Will I buy any expansion in the future? Yes."
76561198027930252,Recommended,272270,29744503,Posted: 6 February,all,Darion,"I finished the first act in the current beta and I wanted to share my thoughts with the community. Now I am a long time favorite of games like Baldurs Gate and Icewind Dale + pretty much all other RPG's, but I never played Planescape Torment - unfortunately, so I was excited to try this alleged successor to what many claim to be the best RPG of all time.First of, this game is different in the sense that it is a true rpg - meaning that you can actually avoid combat pretty much all together through diplomacy, threats and deception. Now to some, I imagine that might feel boring, but to me its really a treat to be entertained in an old-school kind of way. It feels like you are living in an excellent book, where your choices matter. Its also sci-fi fantasy, so don't expect to find much in terms of familiarity in neither the world itself or its inhabitants. Sure there are a few kinks here and there - but nothing gamebreaking, however the lack of character customization seems disappointing.I would recommend this game to people who enjoyed a game like Pillars of Eternity for its writing - not the combat. You absolutely have to enjoy lots and lots of complex reading, so if you are a 'big words hurt my brain' kind of person, then you will probably not like this game at all. There are no fancy coup de grace killcam animations and the actual combat feels underwhelming, but I like to think of it this way; I may find the♥♥♥♥♥of a baboon ugly, but I still like to watch it sway in the brisk wind ...Rating: 4/5"
76561197970320868,Recommended,272270,33737654,Posted: 22 July,all,sizer99,"This is a game for people who want to read a lot, and find wonder in books like A Wrinkle in Time, Mister Bass, or Golden Compass.   There are so many great ideas here, just spread out for you then thrown away, entire series just flashed on your retinas then discarded.If you're here for a balanced RPG or combat, just forget it.   This is not your thing - this is an RPG that attempts to recreate a creative human GM spilling his guts with creativity, and your wonder and a frission down your spine at what this means for your lovingly created and curated character.  By the end of the game you'll be OP, but who cares?  It's the journey that matters.  You have the all the options here, there has never been more choice in an RPG.The question is whether wading through piles of color text is a pleasure or a burden for you.  For me it's a pleasure, so I'm enjoying the hell out of it after a slow start.  But if you don't like, seriously LIKE reading, you'll miss the point and give it a 7/10 like most reviewers who've been trained for Shooty McFace."
76561198016104518,Recommended,272270,33600850,Posted: 16 July,all,GoatGruff,"Good game, enjoyed the story very much.  Quite short though, has some replay value but not sure if it's enough for the steep price.  Less than 9 hours to beat the game."
,Recommended,272270,31194271,Posted: 17 April,all,Mavrik,"Excellent successor to original Planescape: Torment, Torment: ToN features a strange new world to explore with interesting companions and a compelling main quest. Very recommended."
76561198031968351,Recommended,272270,31658681,Posted: 9 May,all,[!!!]CBK,I love it. The world is interesting and rich. The story is good. As far as it being a spiritual successor to Planescape Torment I think they nailed the spirit of it. Some game mechanics are new and a bit odd at first but they're growing on me.
,Recommended,272270,31207243,Posted: 17 April,all,kaptainkommie,"Story heavy with lots of options more avoiding combat. The engine itself leaves much to be desired, but the game overall certainly follows in Planescape: Torment's footsteps, IE: lots of text reading."
76561198030960612,Recommended,272270,31963000,Posted: 25 May,all,Orestes,I really enjoyed the story and love the world. The combat was alright. The only real complaint was the sluggish response/movement.
,Recommended,272270,31985151,Posted: 26 May,all,Pan,"As a successor to Planescape: Torment, TToN is naturally narrative and dialogue oriented. This is not limited to conversations, but permeates to the game's combat and mechanics. There are times when, after combat initiates, you will be able to use your actions to speak with enemies instead of attacking. You may also use these actions to hack into a machine and disable enemies. It is worth noting that you will be reading during most of your playtime, in the spirit of PT and other old school cRPGs. If this is not your thing, stay away from TToN. If it is, you are in for a treat.I found the writing to be beautiful and the narrative fulfilling. Being a spiritual successor to PT, a lot of the themes will be familiar to people who played the original, as well to elements in the game's structure and its narrative. It is a very personal story and delves into interesting philosophical questions similar PT's.While PT's combat was good at all due to its focus on narrative, I found TToN's combat to be competent and enjoyable though not its strongest suit. Nevertheless, the strongest point in combat was that you could ultimately avoid it or end it through dialogue or, in some cases, stealth.The actions you make in combat require you to spend points from a pool based on your character's skills, but these points are not limited to combat, but can also be used to succeed on tasks during dialog and other interactions. I found this to be a good way of bringing together all of these mechanics and allowing you to choose which is more important.I dare say that Torment: Tides of Numenera is a worthy successor of Planescape: Torment and builds upon the main pillars that made the original so beloved. A recent update added a new companion character, which means I will have to play it again, and I will gladly do so."
76561198072902181,Not Recommended,272270,27033153,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,sokka87,"ok, wow, where to begin?well, first off, i liked the story so far as ive seen.  it's an interesting concept and keeps my attention moderately well.  The sound track is good, and i enjoy elements of the gameplay, but...1)  the graphics are pretty awful.  I mean it, it honestly looks awful, even when comparing it to PST which this is supposed to be the successor to this game.2)  Combat is a chore.  the few fights i actually had were pretty horrendous, the abilities were pretty pointless as you could only use it once or so and then its done for not just fights, but until you rest next.  it made combat really unsatisfying3)  The overwhelming sheer quantity of bugs!  Ive played this game no more then two hours and have already ran across over half a dozen (already documented) bugs ranging from game crashes to freezing to simple things like the portraits vibrating weirdly when the mouse scrolls over them.  I know its in early access, but im barely into the game and already finding this many issues?  seems a bit ridiculous to me.4)  general lack of care for the characters.  When i first played PST, i instantly fell in love with one of the first characters you find.  He was unique, he was witty, and he was memorable.  The 3 companions i met so far ive played with and am trying to want to get to know, but they are just really really boring.  This might just be a judgement call on my part or a matter of taste, but they are by no means worth remembering or so much as caring about.don't get me wrong, i want to like this game.  i'm going to play it to completion (or as far along as completion goes for now), and if it changes my mind, i'll gladly rewrite this review with glowing reccomendation, but sadly, this game doesnt live up to half the example of PST.  If i were a potentially interested buyer, give this game a hard pass.  Its too late for me, but save yourselvesUpdate:  ok, as of the december 20th update, i need to revise some of my statements.  The graphics, while still lacking, are refined and look a little better.  Combat actually feels fun now that it doesnt cost ALL your ability points to use an ability once or twice, and i actually ran through the game with only minor hiccups and bugs, nothing game breaking or disheartening.  Still dont care bout all the companions, but thats more that you dont get to explore their backgrounds.  They may not have an instant eye catching appeal, but once you get used to them being around, they grow on you.  All in all, i still wouldnt reccomend the game for preorder but, maybe when its out february 28th 2017, it might be worth a try."
76561198026269490,Recommended,272270,34091297,Posted: 7 August,all,setilight,"The writing on this game is simply amazing. I happily played this game for nearly 50 hours and the (very infrequent) combat was by far the worst part of it (the combat is way too easy and somewhat clunky). The story uses some of the tropes Planescape Torment used, but the world of Numenera is interesting enough to keep you engaged, even if you guess where the story is going. I especially liked the ""Meres"" which are a kind of, beatifully written and drawn, in-game ""Choose Your Own Adventure"" books.I did not experience any bugs or technical issues.Definitely recommended to anyone who likes lore-heavy RPGs and isn't bothered by ""vintage"" graphics."
76561198067520831,Not Recommended,272270,30413378,Posted: 9 March,all,Doctor J,"I wanted to like this game, I really did. To be fair the story is engaging, but that dosent make up for the combat. The game gives you oppertunity's to avoid fighting all together, but when you have to fight it's torture. All considered If your willing to put up with Torments combat you can still enjoy the engaging story.6/10"
,Recommended,272270,28963858,Posted: 2 January,all,Cool Guy Sexhaver,They seriously F'd up the ruleset.
76561197968809681,Not Recommended,272270,30455137,Posted: 11 March,all,Fraggy,Bit of a let down.
76561198016012124,Recommended,272270,31045484,Posted: 9 April,all,ph0masta,"BETTER THAN THE ORIGINAL (YMMV)This game has some of the best writing and most interesting story of any video game, ever. I was majorly disapointed with previous ""tribute"" RPGs like Dragon Age and Pillars of Eternity. I feel that this game finally hits the nail in terms of storytelling, even surpasses our favorate late 90s classic CPRGs. The writing and original settings are top notch. Lets say that it TTN was a novel, it would probably be winning SciFi literary awards. What makes it even better than a novel is the way it tells the story by letting you explore and interact with the environment, rather than merely scroll through pages of text. The setting of this game is in a specific part of the Numenera world that was segrated specifically for the game, basically on the opposite side of the world from the table top setting. So all of the settings are original totally unqiuely created for the game. The Bloom was the area I was most impressed with be there was lots of original weirdness and interesting backstory to all of the areas in the game. Additoinally because of the alternate outcomes to a lot of events this game is definately worth mutliple play throughs. I've already beat it twice but am waiting for new (free) content to be released before I try the thrid time."
,Recommended,272270,33926993,Posted: 31 July,all,DedalusRoot,"Started playing this weekend and 7 hours into the game I'm amazed at how much I like it.I was quite irritated by all the bad user reviews on Steam, so I was concerned spending that much money on a game that might suck, but honestly (and subjectively) the game is amazing.I love the story telling, I'm really into the quirky characters and the Skill Check system keeps it all comprehensible while adding complexity as you level up (As opposed to, say Pillars Of Eternity, that hits you right over the head with its complexity, when you first start).The crisis system is not that bad, since I only had two fights in six hours of gameplay (including the one in the tutorial).I get how the lack of battle would be a downside for some people, for me it's welcome change and makes the rare battles feel quite ""adventurous"". ^^"
76561198080355090,Recommended,272270,30260040,Posted: 1 March,all,MFMegaZeroX,"Despite what many of the top reviews are saying right now, this game is fantastic. The negative reviews are mainly for a mismanaged Kickstarter. So long as you aren't part of that, then this outrage doesn't effect you.The actual game itself is a very well written spiritual successor to Planescape Torment. However, there is even less of an emphasis on combat, so if you prefer more combat heavy RPGs like Baldur's Gate than this may not be for you.The RPG mechanical elements themselves are pretty light. There are 3 ""effort"" skills you can spend to pass checks, which can only be recharged by items and sleeping. The combat is also based on spending these skills to use abilities.The main alluring part of this RPG is the top quality writing and all of the different choices that can be made during quests and even outside of quests. For example, in many quests, you have the ability to learn deep secrets from people. After finishing the quest, you could always go and trade those secrets away for another secret, perhaps one that can save people, or perhaps one that you can use to your advantage. Is this something you want to do?Torment: Tides of Numenara is all about these kinds of choices. If this sounds appealing to you, then I highly recommend the game!"
76561198221726740,Recommended,272270,30391021,Posted: 8 March,all,ilya-korinec,"Brilliant!Got the just the same feeling as in very long ago, whe Nameless One woke up without  a clue what tod and Morte not being exactly helpful. :) It is all here, in new world,  new charecters and gameplay.That same feeling that couldn't be forgotten,"
76561197975076665,Recommended,272270,30419894,Posted: 9 March,all,Havelock,"This game is a glorious continuation of the RPG tradition carried from the early Ultimas and Bard's Tale through Baldur's Gate and the original Torment.  It's the best-written game I've played in years, with a unique and compelling world that makes exploration and inquiry immensely rewarding.  I expected to like it, but I did not expect to like it this much.  If you have any love for RPGs this is a must-have."
76561198004635224,Recommended,272270,30542018,Posted: 16 March,all,NecroDamus,Amazing game
76561198000425597,Recommended,272270,30263758,Posted: 1 March,all,S_Comer10,"A lot of people ae upset because of cut stretch goals and the like, and that's all fair. But saying the game is not good becasue of that is not fair nor logical. The fact is, the game is great fun, if you are into this type of game. One has to understand it isn't about making the biggest, baddest warrior there is, although you certainly can and can beat the game that way. But that isn't the game's focus. It suppossed to be about the dialogue and the character. The characters are not, admittedly, the best, but they are good. And I also find the leveling to be very addicting, for some reason. It's incredibly fun and I have enjoyed every minute of it thus far and look forward to the end of my midterms so I can finish it.Again, its fair to be mad that content was cut and that there was bad communication, but that doesn't change the fact that it is just a really enjoyable game. I give it an 8.5 out of 10."
76561197995549017,Recommended,272270,34864488,Posted: 10 September,all,WhiteCyric,Excellent game. Feels very much like the old classic Planescape: Torment in atmosphere. Story is not quite as awesome but improved visuals and gameplay make up for it very well.
76561198032524950,Recommended,272270,30646155,Posted: 20 March,all,Theo,"MAN.  I don't write many reviews, but I already feel compelled to share my thoughts on this game.I'm roughly 1.5 hours in and I'm in love.The story is alredy compelling.  I'm traversing every conversational path I can with the worry that I'm negatively effecting my relationship with the strange and fascinating characters I've met already.  I can't wait to read more about this world.The user interface is GORGEOUS.  It's fast, sleek and polished.  It's flowy and vibrant and relaxing. Very well done.The character creation process was definitely my favorite done in any RPG I've played to date.  And I've played a LOT of them.  70% of my library is RPGs.  I love RPG's.  So much.The music is to die for.  It's beautifuly done and it changes flawlessly as tensions change in dialogue.  I already feel like I could play this entire game with VERY little (and quite possibly none at all) actual combat.  And I LOVE it that I have that option.  I'm already envisioning replays with different attitudes and builds in mind.  I believe they will create completely unique experiences already.The price?  Meh, so far I'm feeling good about the purchase.  But I think to make that detrminaiton before 20 hours is probably silly and something that would have to be changed later.  So I'm abstaining on this topic while leaning towardy the thumbs up side in the early leg of the race.If you've been watching this one, get it.  If you start to watch it now, pounce the INSTANT you see it go on sale.Games this well done take me back to my 15 year old summer nights reading choose your own adventure books while my actual imagination was still vivid.  Now I'm old and jaded and I require advanced technology to take me there.  But this game is doing an EXCELLENT job so far."
76561197970585835,Recommended,272270,30799058,Posted: 28 March,all,Hexaflex,"T: ToN is a great game and a worthy successor to the Torment name. The strengths and flaws of the two games are pretty similar, so if you're looking for an immersive, story (text) heavy game to explore and think your way through, here it is.+ The world and characters within it are fantastic, it's easy to immerse yourself in a place that feels alien setting-wise but familiar mechanics-wise. This is the thing I love most that both Torment games share.+ The writing and quests are overall very good. The quests react pleasingly to the different ways you can solve them and the descriptions and dialogue are often thought-provoking and fun. There are times when a little too much text is dumped on screen without much other interaction, but if you don't enjoy reading you wouldn't be playing a writing-heavy RPG in the first place. People who are complaining about ""reading a book""... what the hell did you expect?~ The combat is solid, but not wonderful. I did run into a couple of bugs in combat (I didn't encounter any outside of it) which was annoying, but eh. I expect a few bugs in a game this size. I actually enjoyed the turn-based combat here more than the Real-Time-with-Pause of Pillars of Eternity, which surprised me a bit, being a big oldschool IE fan (BG, BG2 etc).- It's quite easy. The combat and skill checks are at least reasonably challenging to begin with if you avoid sleeping while you do all the first town quests like I did, but after that there's not anything that took more than an attempt or two to ace. I don't really play narrative games for a heavy skill test though, I play for the story and setting. Making the moral and investigative choices in dialogue is where the ""difficulty"" lies in my mind.- Yes, the final act ends a bit abruptly and the game is a little shorter than I'd like, but it's not worth getting bent out of shape about. 64 hours for a methodical runthrough of an RPG seems decent enough to me. I don't care what budget the game had or where that came from, I care if the game is fun and (in my mind) worth the money, and this one is.If you're the sort of person who likes investigating all the nooks of a game before moving on, this one has plenty of fun to discover. People wanting a more mechanics-heavy challenge or who get bored reading long chains of dialogue, then yeah, stay away."
76561198086949560,Recommended,272270,31460711,Posted: 30 April,all,begepotam,"This game deserves thumbs up: awesome artwork, bizarre world (from visuals to oddity descriptions) interesting story - loved it all.Despite few technical problems that were mentioned many times its only problem is the name: Planescape: Torment is an epic game and probably my all time favorite, but the negative reviews are mostly blinded by the PT nostalgia which is just not fair."
,Not Recommended,272270,34243349,Posted: 14 August,all,Anacrusis,"Boring as all hell. Nothing but stupid conversations. If you love endless reading this game is for you, although I'd recomend reading books instead, no useless clicking involved."
,Recommended,272270,30423999,Posted: 10 March,all,Christeneus,"Ace game, if you played the first in the 90's, welcome back... a quck 30 hours saw me finish it, spar working my way back from the morgue, nay for save games thankyou, ..but I've a few more tides to surf a second round, absolutely, great mark up and well delivered all around"
,Recommended,272270,30500890,Posted: 13 March,all,The Techromancer,"I know its a bit early to say it but this game is probably my game of the year. I enjoyed Torment's strange atmosphere having never played anything like it before, and I found the story increadibly engaging and gripping. The interesting mechanic of balancing your exertion between combat and world events, with the same action pool for both, added a tactical edge to the world map and combat both. For the most part the game is very forgiving as well early on, with death being as much of a mechanic as a fail state throughout. All in all I would recommend this game to anyone with a love of weird absurdist sci-fi fantasy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, old-fashion crpgs, and a hard on for being the most important person in the world.10/10 best game"
76561198000261078,Recommended,272270,30282793,Posted: 2 March,all,Luke Hoskin,In my opinion so far it is as good as the previous one
76561198013553517,Recommended,272270,32298586,Posted: 9 June,all,Penguin & Pirate,Loved it
,Not Recommended,272270,32750988,Posted: 24 June,all,Birth1118,A very well written story but a horrible game.
76561197985870592,Recommended,272270,30500634,Posted: 13 March,all,ebecraft,"I feel conflicted. The game is beautiful and unique in many ways, but should I have to continue to force myself to find my niche? Maybe I am old, and that prevents me from finding beauty in the abstract, character in the protagonist, and meaning in the game? I will keep playing, but I can't seem to connect or care at all. Neutral rating for now (tenative thumbs up)."
76561197974959773,Recommended,272270,30271535,Posted: 1 March,all,wildcard,"First review ever...I've played nearly every crpg since the dos days.  The original torment was definetely one of my favorites. This though very text heavy does the original justice, and then some.  I find myself drawn into the lore, not just the major points but also the suddle nuances.  The combat i find is fun, and avoidable if you so choose.  Bottom line i highly reccomend this game might not be for the action seekers but if your a fan of the genre, and like to think/involve yourself in an epic story you should enjoy this.  The Nameless castoff?"
76561198089954745,Recommended,272270,30458762,Posted: 11 March,all,Amlin,"TLDR: If you like crpgs or want to try and dip your toe into the genre, this is a good place to start.  There isn't too much combat to worry about and slow your enjoyment of the story.  Great replayability, if you like reading and want something different from typical scifi or fantasy play this game you won't be disappointed.As a gamer that has never played the original Planescape: Torment and having limited experience with crpgs, I went into this a little intimidated.  The ones I've played were daunting in terms of gameplay, while they were all rich with deep storytelling the pacing of the game would often be hampered with the endless amount of creatures which  you would have to fight between story sections.  Some of which could be a frustrating wall until you grind even more weaker monsters to progress yourself.That is not the case with Torment: Tides of Numenera.  I completed the game on my first playthrough in 40 hours, throughout that time I had very limited combat encounters and instead got to enjoy and immerse myself with the well written story and side lore that each environment you cross paths with uninterrupted by needless combat.  The developers weren't kidding when they say they have a books worth of story packed into this game.I enjoyed this game, on the second playthrough you'll likely skip a few dialogue here and there but not in the same manner as other rpg games where you'll make a few different choices but be lead the same way.  In this game, there's a lot of replayability.  There is no way you can see everything in a single playthrough even if you save-scum."
76561198065922938,Recommended,272270,30463305,Posted: 11 March,all,gomfedj,"I remember playing Planescape torment years ago, liked the way combat was not the center of the game, was very different at the time and took me awhile to get used too. This game feels very similar in that aspect, combat is an option, but often the 3rd or 4th or 5th, not the 1st option. There are only a handful of required fights (i believe required, otherwise my choices may of forced them) even those often can be run away from, or assited by using objects on the battlefield to change things.I overall had a great time playing this game, even if i did save scum a lot, just to see the different outcomes at times of success or failure. I feel like unless you do that,  or play the game multiple times you will miss a ton of the dialog/lore/backstory/etc...Not sure if the game is worth the 45$ price tag, but it is SURE better than a 60$ price tag and i know i had more fun with the game than some i spent 60$ on! I say give the first hour or 2 a try and see if you like it, otherwise there is always the refund option."
76561198068961460,Recommended,272270,30463639,Posted: 11 March,all,anubis.hellraider,"Overall a good game but nowhere close to the original ""Plancescape: Torment"".The game desipite it´s only roughly 30-40 hours long campaign still a good match for the original in aspects of general playtrough (focus on story not on battles) and unfortunatly companions (P:T as combat aid, T:ToN as combat aids (minor) and skill mules (major). Aside from that they are glorified NPC´s)The new mechanics work and fit into the story.The overall story is also good (if short)Despite the overall matches sofar there is however one, or rather three, big part/s that invalides the game as a successor instead of a standalone: It has nothing to do with the charactes, places or story of the first game.Places:As the name of the original suggest it takes place on the ""Planes"" more specificly the first 2/3 take place in Sigil, a place called the City of Gates (to other planes) and is filled with creatures of said planes. T:ToN on the other hands play on the ""ninth world"" and among other things you see at least 2 spaceships and in ""flashback"" one space station.Characters:The only character that comes from the first game is Adahn. First Game he was a fictional character that could be brought to some sort of live by telling people that it´s your name. T:TON makes it the name of the previous host of our body in the game.Story:The only elements of the original story that makes it into this one is that the Protagonist can´t die (with exceptions). The reasons in P:T was that we underwent a ritual to seperrate us from our mortality. The reason in T:ToN is that we were made this way as a vessel for the changing god.Summary: Would buy again (even the Immortal Edition but that one only in a Steam Sale) but take down the ""Successor of Planescape: Torment"" Award. That one is undeserved. Even as a ""spiritual successor""."
,Recommended,272270,21624851,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,The Furry Meme Dealer,"Okay. So.This is a Torment game.Enough said.But saying that won't get me any upvotes so here have some actual effort.I honestly don't know if I'll add spoilers, so YOU WERE WARNED. I stilll haven't figured out how to do that nifty thing where the spoilers are blocked by a black bar and you can only see it by shadowing over it with a mouse.I bought the game thinking it would be like Baldur's Gate.I was pleasantly surprised.The only way I can describe the combat gameplay is if Fire Emblem and Baldur's Gate had a mutant superbaby with steampunk hair.Outside of combat it plays pretty similar to Baldur's Gate.You wander around and stuff, and there aren't any shops yet, so I can't describe those to you. I am hoping for something reminiscent of the shops that I remember playing Planescape, but I think no matter what I will be pleased, so it's no use asking them what the plan is. Half the fun of shopping is spending half an hour searching for the ""buy"" button before giving up and filing a complaint because the sprites for that button weren't included in the most recent update.As I type this, I am waiting for my character to unglue himself from the wall. This game is glitchy as **** but it is early access and only one patch has been released, so that doesn't matter. What DOES matter is the beautiful visual effects. It feels modern but still gives me that shot of PURE, UNBRIDLED NOSALGIA every time we cast a spell. Er, use a cypher. I've been playing for a bit, and I still haven't completely figured out the rules.WARNING: IF YOU ARE PLANNING TO BUY THIS BECAUSE HERP DE DERP IT LOOKS LIKE BALDUR'S GATE, YOU ARE IN FOR AN UNPLEASANT SURPRISE.I went in thinking it would be Baldur's Gate III THE STEAMPUNK WIZARDS. I spent about fifteen minutes trying to move around before I remembered ""Oh yeah, it isn't."" It doesn't have one of those ANNOYING AS HELL unavoidable tutorial levels that teach you nothing because you just figure it out as you play after you go through the tutorial level. It took me three failures in the first combat encounter before I figured out how to use skills/spells/THE SPECTER CONE BLAST WHICH IS ABSOLUTE WAIFU. Baldur's Gate had those monks just chilling in Candlekeep. This has nothing. Maybe when they release the finished version it'll have a bit of teaching in it.So, in summary.Pros:THEFREAKINGGAMEPLAYEffectsMusicTELEPORTERS EARLY GAMENo annoying tutorialDoesn't take as powerful a computer as most 2016 games do. My computer can barely run League Of Legends and it runs this rather smoothly.That feeling of godliness when you finally escape the first room in the game without glitching into the wall.Cons:No tutorial or even any attempt to teach you how to playNot Baldur's Gate III. It is coming, my brothers and sisters, it is coming.Difficulty when reading certain cutscene things or whatever you call them, such as the part when you take control of the sick rich guy. I could not understand half of what I saw, and I ended up just picking random options.I will update this at some point.Maybe..."
76561198343529459,Recommended,272270,29931736,Posted: 14 February,all,76561198343529459,"amazing game. it bugs out like crazy though... im trying to complete the quest where i have to destroy a bunch of drones in the reef of fallen worlds but the game keeps crashing. there is also  a bug in which the scrap metal of the drones (corpses) continue to move like they did when they were alive which is very annoying. hope they have addressed these bugs before they release it at the end of this month, other than that the story rich, interesting characters, gameplay and game mechanics will keep you playing this game for hours.It would be nice if they released all the content they promised, foci, more locations, etc."
76561198020632567,Recommended,272270,30605782,Posted: 18 March,all,Fiolas,"A deep narrative experience. If you seek a shallow, childish pseudo-roleplaying experience like most of the crpgs on the market (including the loved BG saga - which I like btw), with tons of fights, and only ilusoric influence on the world around - you will be totally disapointed. This is not a dnd style rpg. This is a masterpiece - closest to the non linear tabletop storytelling experience ever made. For me it's 8/10 when it comes to gameplay, 11/10 when it comes to storytelling, non-linearness, atmosphere, creativity, roleplaying etc. Can't  to dive into it again. Don't listen to whiners - they wanted another childish monster slaying crap. It's not."
,Recommended,272270,30752335,Posted: 26 March,all,Peppery Rabbit,"I played this game after going back and completing Planescape: Torment and, honestly, it's very very loosely attached to it. The only things that a taken from that are a few vague themes. I'm not complaining about that at all because this game stands up on its own.As with every game like this, the main upsides are going to be the story and the characters. The characters and their development were done very well. Each person has their own unique feel and you do genuinely get drawn into their own stories, none moreso (for me) that Rhin.The story, on the other hand, was pretty bare bones but I feel it was more a vehicle for the characters and it was interesting to a point.The look of the game is also great, lending a lot to the themes and the different ages of history that you're told about. The cyphers and esoteries (spells) are also quite cool and well animated.Now for a few gripes I had. Firstly, the voice acting. The quality itself was fine, as you would expect from a higher budget indie game but the amount was quite disappointing. You expect to have voice acting all along the main storyline in games like this but, even when you would expect it, it wasn't there. For example, the last encounter of the game had no voice acting.Secondly, there is A LOT of text. I feel like these 2 points are linked but I feel this would turn off a lot of people.Finally, the combat mechanics were a bit poor. I feel like it would have benefited from a system with disengaging strikes and other things from the game Tyranny.Overall, it's a great, interesting game with a hell of a lot of character and you can just tell the devs loved making it.If you like story, grab it. If you like old school CRPGs, why haven't you already got it?"
76561198070919265,Recommended,272270,31332220,Posted: 23 April,all,jastick,"The world is engaging and the characters are interesting I happily emursed myself in the game world exploring the deep history and interesting resource system. The combat for the most part isn't very challenging or interesting and lacks most strategic depth with certain attacks and abilites being obviously better in almost every situation. Having said that I still enjoyed it, and the process of trying to manage your resources in combat so you still have something to work with to complete tasks felt added a slight tactical wrinkle. (Having said that with solid character building that can be all but eliminated.) The focus of this game is story, and building an interesting setting and exploring ideas, I believe it succeeded on those fronts. As such I would recomend it to anyone interested in an interesting and engaging story and game world."
76561197983237917,Recommended,272270,20878585,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,teric,"This has to be the most buggy game I've picked up on early access yet.  There minor bugs usually like not being able to loot a corpse or the like, just mildly anoying and plentiful.  Don't get right away if you can't handle it.On upside it is probably the most interesting and beautiful game I've played in recent history.  I might shelf it for a month to let some updates happen, but definatly going to keep playing and reporting buggs."
76561198040173835,Recommended,272270,20925436,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Darkpheonix,"really love the feel for this game,  though gotta laugh when I exitied the fiirst building the landscape was upside down (imaged was flipped restarting fixed it).  The variety of variations for the scenes is really refreshing from the linear gameplay that clogs most of the game industry,  alowing for multiple playthroughs of highly variable gameplay.  Reminds me of pillars of eternity in tems of asthetics."
76561197992431747,Recommended,272270,31594647,Posted: 6 May,all,blppt,"I despise turn based combat, but the story in this game is so good that I couldnt stop playing till the end."
,Recommended,272270,33943602,Posted: 1 August,all,May90,"Best story in a video game I've seen, hands down. It even surpasses Planescape: Torment in some regards. The ending is superb, and the amount of details the writers put in the universe, the characters and the story is staggering.The gameplay is also surprisingly strong. Where Planescape: Torment was built around conversations and most other elements weren't very well thought out, Tides of Numenera also introduces a complex system of interaction with characters and objects through using various skills, such as Smashing, Persuasion or Lore knowledge, and the amount of possible interactions is enormous. The interaction may fail, which sometimes leads to unpredictable (not necessarily negative) outcomes. These interactions are also the cornerstone of the combat system, where, aside from the usual attacks and spells, you can interact with objects nearby to damage or disable your enemies or to shield or heal your group, or sometimes you can talk to some of the enemy characters and convince them to lay down their weapons.The soundtrack is amazing; I haven't checked, but I strongly suspect that the composer is the same as in Planescape: Torment, or, at the very least, he/she was strongly inspired by it. The visuals are dated and don't always match the narration, but the artists did an a good job with the engine and managed to create very atmospheric locations.---My only points of criticism are the companions and the sound effects. The companions are by no means boring or poorly written, but somehow they aren't very memorable. Where Planescape: Torment had a flying skull, a naughty tiefling, a levitating burning man or a succubus keeping a brothel specialized on intellectual activities, Tides of Numenera has a bunch of humans (except for Oom; Oom is on par with his/its Planescape counterparts) with somewhat generic sub-stories. Sound effects are good on their own, but their volume isn't balanced properly, and every so often some annoying sound will dominate the background, making it difficult to read the dialogue lines without being distracted, or to feel immersed in the area.---Overall, this is a perfect spiritual successor to Planescape: Torment, with a lot of elements refined/improved. Precisely what I wanted from this game while waiting for it all these years, and frankly, much more than I hoped for from a Kickstarter project.9.5/10"
76561197973905833,Recommended,272270,33118009,Posted: 1 July,all,TheSeaker,"I love this game. For me, it's easily the best cRPG to come from this revival era we seem to be in. As some of you have said, it is mostly a novel read. If you bought the game but didn't want that.....well, that's kind of stupid as it was well advertised as such. But I think the story, world and combat far exceed the original PS:T. Combat in PS:T was HORRIBLE. Controls were more clunky and the inverntory was worse. The game as a whole was just worse. Granted, the PS:T is considerably older than TToN. Storywise, I prefer T:ToN, though that's just me. Honestly, I can't imagine what must be going through the minds of people on here saying that T:ToN fails to live up to the spirit of PS:T. Storywise, maybe. Depends on your taste. But the rest of it is a no brainer. TToN hands down. I think this might be one fo the worse cases of rose-tinted glasses I've ever seen. Sad, really. This game certainly deserves better."
76561198063393620,Recommended,272270,30342823,Posted: 5 March,all,toksik66,19hrs in.....still havent fully explored sagus cliffguess its time to quit work and divorce the family.....
76561198089567395,Recommended,272270,30316470,Posted: 4 March,all,[GoT] Лисандр,"Very good-quality game, however I would like more freedom of choice and once in 3 more playing time. The game is not very long."
,Recommended,272270,31229868,Posted: 18 April,all,Z. Bilious Todd,"This game is full of amazing ideas and insane concepts, all packed into a condensed space. Though you probably know by now, only play this if you really are in the mood to read!It's one of those things that throws so much overlapping content at you that you'll feel overwhelmed until you realize you only really have to pay attention to the stuff that interests you (ala William Gibson or Cloud Atlas). The game emulates the world it creates: everything feels old (it is really retro) and confusing; like layers upon layers of unknown culture, you are often lost, but find ways of sorting out the problems by exploring.Gameplay wise, you mostly LISTEN in this game: talk to NPCs, learn about the world, solve quests. The combat is fine thanks to it being turn-based. Inventory management is minimal, as are most systems not related to dialogue (though it can be odd that, when you level up, you are often making precise decisions about things you will never use in the game at all). The ""pools"" system, like RPG stats that deplete based on checks that determine if you fail or succede, is novel.It's telling that many people's favorite part of of this game are what's called ""meres."" Essentially when the game strips everything else away and become a simple choose-your-own-adventure. At its heart, this game is a graphical representation of a very inventive paper & pencil RPG sourcebook, which a cool story running through it.Also: If you are a fan at all of Jack Vance, you should definitely pick this up!"
76561197997995392,Recommended,272270,30561937,Posted: 16 March,all,braumin,"The main plot was ok, but there just wasn't any real side plots at all. A few side quests, yes, but nothing with any sort of arc. I enjoyed it, but I didn't love it."
,Recommended,272270,31368166,Posted: 25 April,all,Professor Freaksworth,"Lots of people who played PS:T didn't like this game apparently, but I am still not understanding why. It is very much in the same light even if it doesn't hit every mark. It is a new world to discover in the exact same way we experienced the Planes but with a better combat system."
,Recommended,272270,30399759,Posted: 8 March,all,Adaptive Mental Posture,If you like reading you'll enjoy this one!
76561198263553772,Recommended,272270,30563038,Posted: 16 March,all,dyachenko.andriy,"simply excellent. great plot, spellbinding ending, smart story. battle system is much criticized but i thought it is ok."
76561197999876965,Recommended,272270,30607740,Posted: 18 March,all,Alcedes,"There's a lot of salt in the review section for this game, which is unfortunate. After sinking almost 50 hours into it, I found it to be a well-written RPG in a fascinating world with a compelling story.It seems to be unfairly held up to the original, which is hailed as some perfect zenith of gaming. If you have rose-tinted nostalgia goggles on, then yeah, you'll probably hate this game. It's not Planescape torment.But playing this game, and juding it on its own merits, I found it worth my money. The combat wasn't great, sure, and the graphics aren't anything to write home about. But as I mentioned above, the game takes place in a fascinating world, with a well-written and intruiging story. Could it have stood to be longer? Probably. In the end, however, I got what I came for, and don't regret my purchase."
,Recommended,272270,31574975,Posted: 6 May,all,julfy,'Updated My Journal 2.0'They don't make them like that anymore.
76561198013741629,Recommended,272270,31356584,Posted: 25 April,all,Radiofloyd90,"I enjoyed most of this game. Overall, it's quite a unique experience. Tides of Numenera feels like a tentative first step in what will hopefully become a series, or at least have its own spiritual successor, and as an experiment, a tinkering with the crpg formula, I think it was mostly a success.The game doesn't end on the most positive of notes though - I don't mean the details of the actual ending (which aren't that interesting, the main story of this game is less interesting than the million smaller stories that make it up), but how it happens, accelerating quite quickly once you progress past a certain point in the Maw."
76561197973064382,Recommended,272270,30314381,Posted: 4 March,all,Ember,"If you're a fan of interesting story-driven isometric cRPGs, I wager you would like this game.  It's fresh"
76561198127568051,Recommended,272270,31239533,Posted: 19 April,all,The Hand,"Super fun Game, beautiful art, rad music and a killer story. This game provides an escape from my first Sci-Fi/Fantasy Loves Warhammer and Warhammer 40k. Tides of Numenera is where the Ancient Past and Ancient Future become one in you. Good job people who made this game!"
,Not Recommended,272270,30322253,Posted: 4 March,all,yajnaji,"Planescape Torment is one of all time favorite games so you can imagine the excitement and high hopes I had... HAD for this game.Greatest disappointment ever - the game is bland, poorly written, slow, boring, awful gameplay and just uninteresting.There is nothing here, nothing at all, no inspiration, no awe, no emotion. It's a cold, barren attempt to recreate a classic that will never be replicated.I've been loving the revival of CRPG's (Original Sin and Pillars most of all) and you know what I've been doing in this game? The so called paragon of writing? I'm skipping... SKIPPING text just so I can advance through the game to end it just for the sake of it and end the TORMENT that it is playing this utter piece of junk.I didn't like Wasteland 2 either so inxile is like a banned dev company for me now.And by the way - a big middle finger to steam for the refund policy. Games like this take more than two hours to minimally understand how they run and how they are.I want my money back, this game is more expensive than half priced and much better games out there."
76561197966033380,Not Recommended,272270,30252386,Posted: 28 February,all,Clunge plunger minge mangler,"game is way too consoley and gimmicky, like they spent 5 years boozing and doing drugs on the kickstarter money then scraped together what they could and made a 10 hour game for $40, wish I spent 119 minutes playing then refunded instead of seeing if it got better."
,Not Recommended,272270,29533180,Posted: 27 January,all,fastpuppy,Eh... kind of boring. A little more combat would be nice. I know it's not the point of the game but damn this is too much slogging.
76561197977433578,Recommended,272270,30249979,Posted: 28 February,all,zault,"""Terminal Velocity""2mins into the game and I already lost. I love it."
76561198045391673,Recommended,272270,30414450,Posted: 9 March,all,atducey,"A true spiritual successor to PS:T, Numenera blends intuitive combat and skill mechanics with brilliant writing."
76561198002213629,Recommended,272270,24610399,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,AllNamesTakenLOL,"Wow! The most recent update has really, really impressed me. If I wasn't confident in this being a worthy successor to PST, I am now! So excited for the final game now."
76561198327929409,Recommended,272270,30226647,Posted: 27 February,all,I love total war,"Great game, better than POE"
,Recommended,272270,30441871,Posted: 11 March,all,Macintosh,Best what happens to RPGs in 10 years.
76561197971640510,Not Recommended,272270,25450487,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Huggles `,"If you were expecting the great return of PS:T, don't. It's not there and signs are it will never get there. The design IQ is not of the same level.* Graphics are unsettling and annoyingly cluttered. They totally went way overboard in depicting the ""whacky"" setting, that a normal area would probably have a few ancient robots made of banana cake, floating eyes with tree shaped black holes above them and a giant tuba encircled by moons of multicolored cheese balls. Basically it's nausea inducing rather than being fantastic or even interesting.* Writing is bad on many levels. It's... it's really bad guys. Sorry.You have these half hour long text-adventures that are grossly over-written, you have writers trying to be ego-tripping-writers to the point where you got characters being written so over the top that they're retard-funny.For example, here's a guy threatening you in TTON: ""Two things are more dangerous than death in this world"".. ""Asking impolite questions of strangers and playing with numenera you don't fully understand"".Who the hell wrote this crap? What the hell could be more dangerous than f*** DEATH?!I mean props for trying to be ""dramatic"" but ""2 things are more dangerous than death"" ?? Why not 3 things? Why not chocolate bunnies? I mean, ""being impolite""?? What?!?!Or why not ""2 things are more dangerous than drinking and driving"" for example? ""2 things are more dangerous than boarding an overloaded elevator""? Maybe ""going outside with wet hair"", But more dangerous than DEATH? srsly??At times it feels like the writers of the game were told to ""write really damn good!"" and overdid it to hilarious effect. It is nothing like the gritty and compelling writing of PS:T, where characters are characters and your guy is a character also.The devs. explained at some point that the dialogue is so godawful because they didn't want to describe your character too much, and so dialogue is mostly ""information"".I guess that's what you get when you try to make a torment game without feargus urquhart and chris avellone both on the teamAnd there you go. The more I played it the more the comparison to PS:T made the experience a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ one for me. So I stopped. Maybe when it's released somewhere in 2065 (it's been delayed like 3 years already)"
76561198023308936,Recommended,272270,30271671,Posted: 1 March,all,Liberals get the bullet too,"If you enjoy games for story and options other than combat, I reccomend this game. If you like combat just get Pillars of Eternity or Dragon Age"
,Recommended,272270,30261316,Posted: 1 March,all,riderin,Amaizing story! Avg. gameplay. Imaginative visuals!
76561198055192422,Recommended,272270,30515685,Posted: 14 March,all,olack87,"Not as good as I hoped it would be, but still worth the time and money. The overall story, while full of potential, ends in a non-satisfying way. However, individual quests and side plots in the game more than make up for it. You are immersed in a fascinating world full of possibilities. While I am critical of wasted potential, I definitely enjoyed it and hope that more games would focus on depth and storyline over combat such as this one."
,Recommended,272270,30284202,Posted: 2 March,all,Ginseng,Good game.
,Recommended,272270,30315719,Posted: 4 March,all,Horrb,"After playing for 6.2 hours, I just made it past the character creation screen. So far, it's been great!"
,Recommended,272270,30281908,Posted: 2 March,all,alpha-weak-quasiretard,10/10
,Recommended,272270,35070478,Posted: 19 September,all,Alexvn,An excellent game.
76561198023806412,Recommended,272270,30351662,Posted: 5 March,all,fmalfeas,"I'm not the best at writing up reviews, so I'll try to keep this fairly basic.The combat system is simple but fair.  There's a lot more of it than most reviews would have you believe if you don't build your character to just talk past everything, however.The setting...I love the setting.  It's the deranged aftermath of multiple apocalypses and ascensions, where the line between science and magic has worn so thin it's almost impossible to tell the difference anymore.And it's very much a proper successor to Planescape: Torment.  More concerned with philosophy than action.Finally...this makes me want more Numenera games.  The system has some very interesting possibilities."
,Recommended,272270,30325912,Posted: 4 March,all,(),Best Torment game in 17 years.
,Recommended,272270,30780884,Posted: 27 March,all,gorodeckii,"There are some shortcomings, but overall I liked it a lot. I don't know what else people expected from Planescape's ""spiritual successor"". The game focuses on story and writing above all else, it has a huge amount of text, it raises questions about immortality and consciousness, it's full of weird characters, items and locations, and it favors intellect-based characters so much that it's totally unfair. Yep, sounds totally like Planescape to me. It's not AS good, but still good.The only problem for me are companions, their stories just aren't that interesting, except for one or maybe two.Also, why people who have like 60 hours on record complain that the game is short? Seriously. I have 50, that's one playthrough with all sidequests and some save loads to see different outcomes. Even without all that, I think just the main story would be at least 15-20 hours. What the hell, guys."
76561198044443837,Recommended,272270,31355338,Posted: 25 April,all,Leronira,TORMENT: TIDES OF NUMENERALeronira's Rating Scale:Absolutely fantastic experience.Definitely worth playing.Enjoyed it.It was somewhat okay.Avoid like a cancer.
76561198389754056,Not Recommended,272270,32191743,Posted: 4 June,all,CrusaderFox,DO NOT BUY!!!! You can't even customize the characters appearance! What kind of RPG is this?Not to mention that everything looks absolutely goofy.Waste of 45 bucks. Absolute waste.
76561198056088309,Recommended,272270,20883818,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,marblejester,"So far - it looks great, PHENOMENAL! Submitting gameplay with commentary on Youtube right now.The only negative is that the mysterious monologue narrative at the beginning is voice-acted, but that's just my knitpick."
76561198288103492,Recommended,272270,31580514,Posted: 6 May,all,.B.A.R.A.N.,perfect.
,Recommended,272270,30284013,Posted: 2 March,all,Mr. Purple,10/10 would update my journal again
76561198071173417,Recommended,272270,31532382,Posted: 3 May,all,ProHacVice,"This game is really good. There really are multiple ways to deal with pretty much every situation. I find the story very interesting. Please be advised that most of the negative reviews are coming from basement-dwelling losers who are sadly fixated on Planescape: Torment - a game that is nearly 20 years old. They are upset because these man-boys are trying to recapture their lost youth, when they still had an optimistic dream that they would one day get a girl and have sex. Sadly, their illusions have been shattered and they realize that will never happen, which makes them quite bitter. The exact same type crowd is also bashing Prey - before it even comes out! Sad, pathetic losers. It is unfair and really not helpful at all to give a negative review to a game because it isn't similar enough to an old game for you. Hell, I've been playing video games since before they even had graphics, but I don't go around comparing every game to Zork and then bashing it because IT IS A DIFFERENT GAME.PS - also be advised that the thumbs downs for this review are from those same virginal, basement-dwelling man-boys."
76561198016713814,Not Recommended,272270,30450085,Posted: 11 March,all,bperkins7,"This gordy lookin lizardman, cant stand it."
,Recommended,272270,32481626,Posted: 16 June,all,alerticus,Enjoyable lore and story!
76561197989776377,Recommended,272270,30513911,Posted: 14 March,all,Dunhart,"I wasn't a kickstarter and though I've been looking forward to this game as someone who loved Planescape: Torment, I subjected myself to as little hype or foreknowledge as possible.THE SETTING: It's a bit like a cross between Fallout and Planescape. The premise of a Sci-Fi/Fantasy world filled with gadgets that might do something cool or blow your face off is very appealing and could possibly lend itself to all sorts of great stories. Absolutely loved it, I hope they'll make more games that use it in the future.GAMEPLAY: I really like the Crisis system and the idea that you can, and indeed sometimes have to, resolve them without combat. In fact, I experienced so little combat I can't even properly comment on it.STORY: WARNING, SLIGHT SPOILERS. This is where the game lets itself down a bit for me. Of course, I still compare it to Planescape: Torment (which I rate as the best video game of all time, storywise), so it's still not BAD. Just, could be better.I liked the party characters, none of them felt flat or one-dimensional (with the exception of Erritis but perhaps that was intentional). I just wish game developers stopped enforcing arbitrary headcount limits.The foreshadowing you can get with Anamnesis gets a bit spoiler-y at times; I guessed several major plot twists (like the importance of the Ghostly Woman) before I even left the first city.The abrupt ending feels more than a bit rushed and the central question ""What does one life matter?"" gets a bit flimsy at times, where Planescape: Torment's ""What can change the nature of a man?"" never dropped out of focus.Also the final end sequence I hated, for the same reasons I hated Mass Effect 3's ending. Throughout the game, the primary antagonist (The Sorrow) is represented as a hateful force that tries to kill you through no fault of your own and cannot be reasoned with. At the last moment it basically goes ""Turns out trying to kill was really hard, maybe I should just talk to you instead"" and offers the same insane troll logic the Reapers in ME3 used as justification for trying to kill you. And then the game forces you to agree to play along with the Sorrow's one-sided offers for compromise; The only ending where you don't is shown to be a bad one."
76561198022373242,Recommended,272270,30263997,Posted: 1 March,all,Robot-ninja-vampire-jedi-pirate,"Updated my journal, and I loved it."
76561198050712099,Recommended,272270,30263918,Posted: 1 March,all,reginald.allouchery,"I am posting this in part in reaction to the childish negative reviews directed towards inxile that have nothing to do with the game.  This game is amazing and strickingly original and we don't get enough games of this quality that we can afford to post negative reviews for stupid reasons.    Some content was cut?  So, look at the final product.  What are you, five?  Content always gets cut.  The game is strong and feels polished and finished.  The story is great, the world reactive, the writing fun (if a little on the purple prose side of things.)  It's a great RPG with a strong narrative and a fascinating, original setting.  Don't let the crying babies keep you away from this gem."
,Not Recommended,272270,30243923,Posted: 28 February,all,=PD= Roke,"Not yet ready. I managed to play about 20 minutes and then the game locked up, I lost my progress and have to start over. Given that so far it's all just text based ""choose your own adventure"" style with really ugly character art, I'm not really motivated to go through it all again just to get back to where it crashes."
,Recommended,272270,27305000,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Azathoth777,"It's good so far, but I really hope it gets a great update soon..."
76561198032140201,Recommended,272270,27922055,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,3Dogg,i love this game so far
76561198042132122,Not Recommended,272270,20898663,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Asbo_Flemzo,"Ill start by saying im a massive planescape: torment fan. If i was reviewing a game similar to that i would be totally happy and giving it a great thumbs up. The mistake the developer made was saying it would be similar to it in the first place.If your buying this game forget the notion it will be anything like Planescape torment, nothing apart from the art style is anything like the old game. You will find no interesting characters, no interesting areas, no interesting quest in your first 6-7 hours of play in the first area, almost no combat to speak of, no humour. Its just NOT FUN.Well lets look at the positives charater creation is cool, until you relise you get the same stupid looking character model/ portrait no matter the choices, i mean the planescapes main character looked terrible but it was totally apart of the story why he looked like a corspe and thats what made him unique. Animations and graphics have evolved due to technology but it displays some of the worst character models ive ever seen, i can barely see the difference the species of creatures.Out of all these type of game so far its the worst ive played, once its finished ill review again but hell its not worth the money, looks like a million dollar cash grab to me."
76561198010065210,Recommended,272270,20777854,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Windows7,After an hour I say EXACTLY 0YESNOMAYBESARCASM10/10 would RPG Again
76561198030801403,Recommended,272270,30369362,Posted: 7 March,all,UglyThomas,If you're a fan of old school story driven role plaing this game is for you.
,Not Recommended,272270,31658703,Posted: 9 May,all,atomaweapon,The save game location is in some random folder deep in the balls of your computer. Why in gods name a company would do this to you is beyond me. I lost hours of save game because I restored a backup of my pc. F*******ing stupid. DO not buy this garbage game
76561198066452632,Recommended,272270,30419221,Posted: 9 March,all,Machine,A very worthy successor to Planescape: Torment.
76561198065607437,Recommended,272270,24774909,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Bazoozoo,cant wait for proper releasein the mean time i had no idea what i was doingi'd still recommend it for future play
,Not Recommended,272270,23530923,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,paxprose,"I'm not the demographic for this game.I didn't play the previous Torment, but I was excited due to the positive feedback from the kickstarter and the overwhelming response from nearly every review online.That being said, my objective observation is that this story is not a game.It is a build your own adventure book in which you'll traverse a wall of text. After twelve hours of ""playing"" this game I was just... bored. The ""combat"" is so sparse that you could even argue that it isn't necssary, and that the whole ""game"" could be ported to a kindle with the same value.I'd rather have read this as an adventure book. It would have not brought forth expectations of 21st century animation and probably wouldn't have cost $45."
76561198043487844,Not Recommended,272270,35088729,Posted: 20 September,all,Cap'n Wafflce,:'(
,Not Recommended,272270,30240289,Posted: 28 February,all,richard.cosgrove,"Like Planescape: Torment, this game tells its stories through reams and reams of text. Unlike Planescape, it's horribly overwritten. The writers have used 50 words where 5 would do. As this is pretty much a massive choose-your-own adventure novel, the tortured prose made it tiresome and unplayable for me.Also, the game doesn't seem to have a connection with the original Torment game, other than the main character being an amnesiac who's recovering their memories - an RPG cliche that should be killed with fire."
76561198052261186,Not Recommended,272270,20881841,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Snowtown,"Updated since playing the release version:A lovely world, full of rich ideas. If only it were a playable game. I keep being hit by save game bugs, and after losing hours of progress I just don't care enough to start over from the beginning again."
76561198062388607,Recommended,272270,31796770,Posted: 16 May,all,Frogs,"numenera is an amazing setting, makes picking this up worth it on its own."
,Recommended,272270,25831178,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,NA,"It's buggy, but shows a lot of potential."
76561197991844396,Recommended,272270,31796703,Posted: 16 May,all,Lorus,Enjoyed it
76561198005998378,Not Recommended,272270,29334623,Posted: 18 January,all,dmcintos,"Not impressed.The lack of D&D in this game was a real letdown.The gameplay is dull... the ""otherness"" of it is so/so...I didn't feel engaged with it, with the story, with the characters or with the background mechanics of it. It's a shame bu there you go.If you think this will be like Planescape - Torment, then I suggest you reconsider."
76561197970837903,Not Recommended,272270,23533839,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,kerry,"I think somebody needs to say this. It took 4 years or something for these people to come up with this titbit of rubbish. The latest patch changed very little and to get advice like we already know the text doesn't fit in dialogue box and we're working on it. WOW. Pease guys shelve the product, keep my money I don't care but don't ♥♥♥♥ up torment. And another piece of advice stop trawling the kindergarten for your writers the story is so unoriginal. A person who doesn't know who he is, anybody recognise that one. This is terrible."
,Recommended,272270,30239784,Posted: 28 February,all,Saltycake,I died from touching something I got told not to.360/10 would touch again.
,Recommended,272270,30264003,Posted: 1 March,all,Reconᴴᴰ,Yeah this is a nice meme
,Not Recommended,272270,20852000,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Hidden Inside,"Contains spoilers. You were warned.To those who think im being unreasonable or just hating on the game: please go back to your fallouts 4, wastelands 2 and other garbage hailed as universal masterpiece. If however you played things like Consortium, Age of Decadence, Silent Storm Sentinels, Vampire the Masquerade: Bloodlines or had an irl roleplaying adventure with a competent DM, and enjoyed them, - you are likely to agree with me here. The game is at best a 7/10, despite all the promises and hollow boasts at how incredible its gonna be, it doesnt deliver. It hasnt delivered the experienced it strived and promised to. If you disagree with that, hey im happy you are happy with the game, because i am not.I have concearns about this game. I absolutely love the concept, how its realised however... i played just one hour got annoyed with some things to be honest. A lot of people are giving this a 10/10 straight up, talking about how great it is, and for the most part its pretty solid, however: there is room for doubt. During my 1st launch i died before spawning, *spoilers* you are ejected from a sort of cocoon down the planet, so i figured might aswell get there faster. Dead. But if you sit around in midair pondering existance you dont die despite falling god knows the distance. Now ingame the reason for why you die in one condition and dont in another : Terminal velocity, nevermind the distance its the speed that kills you. Great.Moving on: the tutorial is a cluster♥♥♥♥ and in theory as you see memories of others it could be incredible, what it fails to do however is give any sort of direction or motivation. Oh hey its another faceless husk i never seen before and i get to decide what happens... oh boy, where you pretty much select what stat you want to increase, which is probably far from what you would have done if you gave 2 ♥♥♥♥♥ about the characters involved.Writing is top notch with a few bumps here and there but its all too ♥♥♥♥ing convenient. Oh hey check it out! There are 5 tanks and consoles, oh gee and 5 enemies 1 per console who could have guessed. Oh and the radiant light vanquishes yeh yeh great tides n stuff.I sat there for an hour (or less i might have went to cook something) being bored out of my mind and i love rpgs. I had no empathy to anyone involved for all i care the characters should have all died. It wasnt some intense situation there is no sense of urgency or impact or pretty much anything other then tedium forced upon you. QUICK THERE IS NO TIME TO EXPLAIN GET THIS DONE! OH YOU WANT TO KNOW MORE? WELL LET ME TALK TO YOU ABOUT IT FOR 20 MINUTES WE GOT TIME! You just proceed at your own convenience, where is the monsters starting attack midsentese because you are ♥♥♥♥ing too slow? Where is need to survive? Why should i care for a hundred characters im gonna see for just 20 seconds of screen time?Its 2d and yet it lags like no other. There is no optimisation whatsowhever. And on top of all that, they hired Mitsoda to help them sink this boat.The game has a great potential, it can be amazing, hell i ONLY saw tutorial, nothing more but it was enough for me to be dissuaded from exploring any more at least till they release this.Its a no for me atm, only people i can recommend this to are avid RPG fans, game has some interesting things to offer, but not too many and are outweighted by all the negatives.Update11/06/2016: Well, they made an update, removing the horrid starting battle/introduction to tides, replacing it with no introduction, random spam of TIDE INCREASED with no explantion on why or what. Sometimes it just keeps spamming same one aswell GOLDEN INCREASED, so after about 20 blips of it i thought ok i might have it up in the sky with that value by now, - turns out it didnt even move.Battles! The famous ""we'll have about a dozen crisises"" yeh no wonder, with a fighting system where you cant attack or cast anything, no ♥♥♥♥ing wonder you dont want any more of that. So right now, tides is a talking simulator.So i decided to give it a go after people said 'its just tutorial"" and went out there, talked to people a bit - 1st area there was some orc in stasis, weird looking semiconstruct, cultists and quantum clock, in a bar next to it - a psychic cafe in which a few ghosts, an alien and an otherworldly creature preside, all like 5 minutes of walk, not to mention talking digging insects that were brought from another plane, yet EVERYONE is losing their♥♥♥♥♥♥that you are just another body used up and discarded, which apparently were plenty before. Half the npcs ♥♥♥♥ing met you before anyway, others know who you are just because, some are psychics, some have spies that you cant ever see, others just deduce or heard rumors. Everyone is so ♥♥♥♥ing well informed, its a wonder peasants havent rebelled by now, since everyone is so incredibly observant, they see corruption, some can even see into the ♥♥♥♥ing future and whatnot yet no one does nothing. Thats another thing, so you got an npc who can see the future, but she doesnt know hers. Makes sense, just like so many other things.There are A LOT of problems in the writing. Some things are done right, i loved some of the npcs, those were brilliant like that girl who kept yelling that she is CHAMPION OF LAND YOU'LL NEVER SEE, or the dude who crashed and burned, the digging insects were done well, the scummy negotiator, - a lot of things are done really well, not impressive, but fun and enjoyable.Point being, good thing you are gonna delay this till 2017 there is A LOT of work ahead of you. Get to fixing."
,Recommended,272270,25870712,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Michu_z,"""What can change the nature of a man?"""
,Not Recommended,272270,21578670,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,SkullAndBones,"Disappointed it was turn based combat, I thought it was going to be like PST.I just wanted to poke my eyes out during the intro....and well that's as far as I got unfortunately.I'm sure I'm missing out a great story, but I have no desire to go back.Edit: Commenter makes a good point, no fault of the game that I can't stand the combat mode of the game. But I only have two options, recommend or not.I wish there were a middle of the road option since that seems to be more what I thought of it."
76561198009195561,Not Recommended,272270,30240695,Posted: 28 February,all,goomba,The player character looks like some sort of androgynous blob.It reminds me of that horrible cave rave scene from the Matrix Reloaded. Awful. Just awful.
76561198325855206,Recommended,272270,26239191,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,elena2ro,Great story
76561197974495099,Not Recommended,272270,26059792,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Pvt. Teer,"I've never been so bored with a game so quickly. The models are ugly, the combat is a bore, the walls of text are uninteresting, the design is overdone. I checked out almost immediately. I've bought games I regret purchasing, I've bought boring games, but I've never had a game that I disliked so qucikly and so intensely that I requested a refund. Considering how much I enjoyed the original, and how much I enjoyed Wasteland 2, I'm extremely disappointed."
76561197973969245,Not Recommended,272270,23028164,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Glimmers,"Firstly, I absolutely LOVED the first Torment game!  The story was incredible!  This game has some of the same alure, but it's very unpolished.  I'm also not seeing updates to the game.  I feel like I bought a half-game.  I'm not super happy with some of the crashes that have forced me to start entirely over.  I like the ingame feedback options and bug reporting, but if you're hoping for a great game experience try back in maybe 6 months or so."
,Not Recommended,272270,22147278,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Chess The Vice,"It's really choppy, just runs like horrible♥♥♥♥♥♥ Betas suck."
,Not Recommended,272270,20862767,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,zmitrokz,"Somehow my character managed to die during the first sequence when I am supposed to build my character by choosing options for 5 tanks. This isn't old skool, this is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Not going to waste any more of my time on this fart of a game."
,Not Recommended,272270,21740121,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Negative Therapy,"I bought the original Torment in 99 with the novel. I didnt spend 50 bucks to read a goddamn book. This is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ dialouge heavy. If I wanted a choose your own adventure, I would have bought a ♥♥♥♥ing book. This doesnt even have the same intiracatcy of puzzles the original had. As a matter of fact I havent ran into one yet. This is NOT a video game. This is not even a decent succesor to Torment. Not at all. Unless youre an old school tect gamer, DO NOT buy this game."
76561197993432458,Recommended,272270,20884544,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,mattminus,"*Updated After Full Release* - As, I'd hoped, the complaints below have been addressed. This game is a worthy purchase if you're a fan of Planescape Torment or Numenera________________________________________________________________________Let me start by saying that I hope I'm able to change this review someday. I love Numenera,  I loved the original Torment, and the small parts of this game that work show a lot of promise.That said, the ""game"" is far too incomplete to get a recommendation at this time. It's at a very early alpha level of bugginess, such that all but the most patient of gamers will not be able to tolerate it. If you don't imagine yourself happily persevering after the fourth time you've crashed during character creation, you should probably wait a while before checking this game out.Even if you are prepared to save after every action and reload a lot, brace yourself for a shocking lack of content. You'll get a quest, head out for the dungeon, and then get a dialog telling you to imagine you just completed the quest. At the current state of development, the game is very thin.These two complaints should be addressed as development progresses. One thing that won't change is that this game looks and plays like a game from 1999. Thats not a bad thing, it's just what a gamer like me wants, but it's not for everyone.Those complaints aside, I haven't returned it and continue to slog through it. Why? Because it's a great portrayal of the Numenera setting and system. Because the writing is top quality and the dialog trees are extensive. Because I suspect that I will love this game when it's done and don't want to wait for them to finish it.So, if you're the kind of person who loves Planescape and plays in a weekly tabletop Numenera game, this title is worth a look. Otherwise, I'd keep my eye on the forums and pick it up when it's got a little more meat on it's bones."
76561198072317318,Not Recommended,272270,32400385,Posted: 13 June,all,HappyHead,"It IS a good game, but I just couldnt bring myself to like it.The real issue for me is that the question, ""what does one life matter"", asks nothing of those who hear it beyond its answer. It is a ""mere"" philosophical question. As one of the developers pointed out, the game repeatedly hits you with this question from a variety of different and intetresting angles, but the question dies once it has an answer and, unfortunately, may people already have somthing of an answer walking in. Players are simply actualizing what they already believe into the game world rather than being challenged by it.In Planescape, the question was ""what does it take to change the nature of a man?"" From the beginning the question was deeply personal in nature because it's basically saying ""there is somthing wrong within you, how can you change that?"" When Planescape hits you with the question from a multitude of angles, you are drawn into the suffering of the characters and identify with their struggles WHATEVER it may be because all of their struggles are deeply human (being born to a certain family, being wracked with guilt, being unable to do good like you want, being consumed with ones own trauma, ir simply being unable to rid yourself of the darker aspects of yourself. etc etc etc.)I guess that's why I can't really recommend the game. It IS a good game, but I went into it expecting to find the same level of humanity its predecessor had and was left wanting. Numenera asked me who I was but Planescape asked me how I could change. For this reason, there is no moment from Numenera that has stuck with me, but Planescape? That game has stuck with me and has captured my imagination for years.If you have yet to really answer the question this game asks, MAYBE this game is for you. Maybe somthing in it will stick with you and change you in some way. But I for one just can't shake the feeling that Numenera took one step forward in game mechanics to take two steps back in impact."
76561198070945588,Recommended,272270,25284640,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,StiNKiNG EViL,Release is out ow and its a great game. Worth the money now.
76561198013336701,Not Recommended,272270,30436800,Posted: 10 March,all,TinEater,"My first reaction to this game was crazy positive.  I'm an old-school RPG guy and it checks off all of my boxes.  Unfortunately, it's sitting on my hard drive unfinished and unplayed for months.I just don't feel compelled to go back to it.  Why?  I don't mind text-walls but there's very little game-play outside of the dialogue boxes.  The writing is meant to be the big draw of the game, but it's wildly overwritten.  It aims for flavorful but ends up being obtuse, even pretentious.  The density of the text also makes re-starting feel like a slog.  And you will re-start.  Character choices, both in the beginning and at advancement, aren't meaningfully explained, and there's no respec option (to my knowledge). The infrequent combats feel more like puzzles than fights.  It's is the only respite from Torment's relentless purple prose, but it's easilly the most irritating part of the game.While it's admirable that this game is trying to do something different, the end result just isn't fun."
