user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198005772592,Not Recommended,272470,10220845,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Awsumpossum,"I liked the Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing quite a bit, so I was excited for II.  The original game had its problems, but had enough atmosphere and quirky humor and story for me to enjoy it.  Where VH excelled, VH2 does not.Pros:1) Game's atmosphere is beautiful.  I particularly like the outside areas.  Unfortunately, very little of your gameplay experience takes place outside.Cons:1) They attempted to fix the lackluster skill tree from the original game.  The original lacked choices and most of the skills were useless.  They did a complete 180 and the skill tree still sucks.  Now, it is oversaturated with no coherent structure.  Certain skills unlock other skills but have no function in relation to those skills.  For example, Want to build around ice damage?  Pick one skill on the right, arbitrarily attached to some fire and lightning.  Then, try to pick a skill on the left, arbitrarily attached to other random skills.  Makes no sense.2) Balance.  Game balance is awful.  I played the original game on the hardest difficulty [I play most ARPGs on the hardest difficulty].  VH2 seems to have mobs that are weak [on any difficulty] and mobs that do an incredible amount of dmg on any difficulty other than ""casual"".  Even if I built my character around heavy defensive passives/tricks ranged/casting things [which tend to do more dmg in general] hit BRUTALLY hard.  There's also the occasional 1 shot from a challenging to see ability when swamped in a pack of mobs.Edit: I've now played through the game with a second character.  My first was a thaumaturge that really struggled with balance.  My second was the original hunter character, but built around spell-casting.  I played my second time on hard/heroic difficulties - stacked the mana shield defensive ability and some other defensives, and could face-roll pretty much anything so long as I had mana.  Again, certain skills are way more powerful than others, effectively making the oversaturated skill tree still feel problematic.Edit Two: Played more on the thaumaturge on heroic.  Balance is really what is holding the game back.  Built my character around abilities that could do damage while moving and crit chance/crit dmg [crit chance around 32-35%, crit dmg maxed @ 450%], and high HP, made heroic pretty easy.  The problem, though, is sometimes you just get 1 shot from off-screen, even with high damage reduction.  Difficulty basically scales like this: Mobs have higher health making it take longer to kill them.  High dmg abilities do insane dmg and can result in 1 shots.  The longer a mob lives, the greater chance of a 1 shot.  Not sure how they can really fix this, but it makes build diversity fairly limited.  At a certain point you just have to be able to do damage while moving and you have to spec heavily into defense.3) Storyline/Quests.  This is really my main qualm with the game.  The storyline of this game is really disappointing.  Maybe the storyline isn't disappointing [as it makes sense in the context of VH1], but the way it is executed is disappointing.  The questing sucks.  Very little variation, mostly based around tower defense.  The vast majority of your missions are ""secure X, Y, Z points by battling through streams of enemies.  This was my least favorite type of mission in VH and it seems to be what the entirety of VH2 is built around.  If I wanted to play Tower Defense, I'd play Tower Defense.  The final boss fight, spoiler alert, is not even a fight.  You literally kill streams of enemies until his force field's HP hits 1.  He then blows up and the game ends on a pathetic attempt at a cliff hanger.  I understand the attempt at a military strategy/real-time invasion, but it simply fails to be enjoyable.4) End Game:  It's about what you expect.  You get ""random"" dungeons [just reskinned areas of the main story] and tasks to complete within them.  Some of them also have interesting things that makes them substantially more difficult [Your companion won't help, can't regen life/mana, etc].  I did a few of them on heroic difficulty.  They were a challenge.  The quirky interactions don't take place between Katarina/Helsing so it's basically just the mindless challenge of slaughtering enemies with certain affixes that make the already poorly balanced gameplay more difficult.  I'm glad they added this feature.  Unfortunately, it does not do much for me because I've already done a lot of this in Path of Exile AND Path of Exile's system is better.  All in all, I think it will be fun for people who haven't already beaten the model to death in other games, but wasn't real fun for me.5) Multiplayer:  Much like during the launch of the first game [in which it wasn't even functional], multiplayer is quite buggy.  In fact, I've only successfully joined 1 game [I've tried to join many], and the host disconnected shortly thereafter, rendering my efforts obsolete.  I've also tried hosting multiple times.  I will get a message that ""x is trying to join your game"", but they are never successful in doing so.  Not sure if it is a bug, a lack of stable connection, or what, but multiplayer seems quite hit or miss.Verdict:If you did not play the first game, don't buy this.  The first is a much more complete experience.If you loved the first and are desperate to see where the story goes, buy this.If you loved the first for what it was, and aren't too attached to the story, don't buy this.The game simply lacks what made the first game worth playing - the quirky nature, originality, and great atmosphere - while not really fixing any of the detracting factors of the first game [lack of real diversity via skill tree]."
,Recommended,272470,32490588,Posted: 16 June,all,Bum,"I was compelled to post after seeing so many thumbs down... wtf?These negative reviewers are higher than I've ever been. This is the best game of the series, and one of my absolute favorite games in the genre. My friend and I loved every minute of this fantastic indie ARPG. Sure there are bugs, but nothing that prevented us from enjoying the hell out of this gem.The music and atmosphere, the graphics, the humor, the action, the story, the loot, the awesome crafting system, the depth of the skill system and gameplay customization... it all comes together to make this one of our favorite co-op experiences that my friend and I have had. The game is shorter than I'd like it to be, but that's because it's so damn good. There are some other game modes in addition to the campaign, so you and your friends can milk it for more gameplay.Note that this game has some great features (like crafting and skills) that were actually removed from the final cut. So playing the final cut does allow one to fully experience how good this 2nd installment really was. And contrary to several reviewers on here, my friend and I loved the *OPTIONAL* tower defense segments, as they are fun and refreshing.TL;DRThis game is worth savoring apart from the final cut. Watch for sales, the Van Helsing games are offered at heavy discount from time to time."
,Not Recommended,272470,15686271,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Edgewalker,"Update: I have investigated the claim that the bugs have been fixed - it is possible that some are, but a quick check showed that the game is still unplayable as multiplayer co-op.This game seemed promising, but has a number of bugs that make it unplayable.  The only reason that there are positive reviews here is that the people writing them did not attempt multiplayer.  These are some of the bugs were unable to fix over several hours of attempts:*Stats from gear are not being applied to damage*Mobs stand frozen after death and do not despawn*Enemies are invisible to one player*Projectile effects are invisible*Cannot attack or target enemies*Enemies ignore player*Enemies path or are knocked into unreachable locations*Game crashes during load screens*Load screens persist for several minutes*Quest objectives do not complete even when conditions are metI just wish somebody was answerable."
,Not Recommended,272470,16016626,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Julivia,"My husband and I played through VH1 together, and bought 2 to play together also. Unfortunately it's unplayable and we had to give up after trying for a couple of hours. He created the game and I would join his, and my side of things was buggy right from the first scene with Prisoner Seven.  Also, neither of us could import our characters, so we had to start over. Hurray!Some of the bugs were odd but not a big deal:  I would equip an item and I could hear his character say ""I can't equip that."" and his Katarina would respond to me equipping gear on mine or giving her items to hold.I was constantly running into problems seeing enemies (at all), having them appear to still be alive and standing even when they were supposed to be dead, no ability animations, abilities not working at all, cut-scene conversations being repeated on my side which forced both of us to wait for me to be able to click through it all again before I could move, etc.   So I would leave the game and come back, and things would work for a few minutes before breaking again. After doing that several times I started to crash instead of just bugging.... we gave up after the fourth time I crashed in 20 minutes.Before he and I started this together, I played it alone for nearly 2 hours with no problems at all. It just seems to be multiplayer that's awful. So so disappointing."
,Recommended,272470,14694074,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Doc Rock,"The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing II ReviewThe Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing II Complete is a game you don't want to miss. The game starts out a bit slow but after you get a couple of hours in, its non-stop action and excitement. A must-have for any action role-playing fans. There are numerous skills and perks to customize your character, a multitude of magic items and artifacts, rare monster trophies, many extensive sidequests,  runecrafting,  and more that is sure to keep you entertained for many hours. Controllers are fully supported and there are several multiplayer options as well. While Van Helsing II is mostly hack and slash combined with RPG elements, it also has a well developed tower defense game weaved into the story along with numerous sidequests that add to the fun.This game has many great features that would easily fool you into believing it was developed with a massive gaming budget. The storyline is great, the soundtrack is perfect for the mood, the voice acting is superb, the graphics are rich with detail, and the gothic art is simply astonishing. It does so many things right and that is rare, even from many of the bigger studios.The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing II plays out much like its predecessor and picks the story up right at the end of the original (although it can be enjoyed without having played the first one). In fact, there is an option that allows you to import your favorite characters from the first game. However, it has several key improvements, most notably, the game offers several character classes from the beginning and even more skills/perks to suit different play styles instead of adding them as DLC like in the original game. The tower defense portion of the game has been improved and enriches the story.  The User Interface has been re-designed and is much better. The graphics have been improved as well and really give you that gothic feel. And don't forget about the DLC's included in the Complete Package. The Pigasus DLC introduces a new lair NPC pet that you can send out into the Ink to search for rare magic artifacts and weapons. The Ink Hunt DLC is an extension of the game that adds 4 new maps along with quests and nmissions to extend the overall game and can only be played after the base game is finished.The Good:=======+  Nice graphics/artwork+  Quality soundtrack+  Well-written storyline and good voice acting+  Numerous character cusomization options+  Several Multiplayer options+  High replay value+  Steam Trading Cards & Achievements+  Full controller support+  Quality DLC+  Well designed user interface+  Smooth graphics+  Active developer support with updates+  Many customization options for game, sound, video, hotkeysThe Bad:======-  Long Intro video-  Initial learning curve is high (it gets easier)-  Slow  loading at startup-  A few bugs still remain (not game breaking)-  Changing between controller/mouse requires re-launchFinal Thoughts:===========This game is nothing like it was when it was first released on Steam. Originally, there were many who had issues with bugs and crashes but the developers have actively worked to fix them and still remain involved in the community. Since then, this game has vastly improved and new features are still being added. The game is very entertaining and offers a lot of quality content for the price. I strongly recommend this game to all action role-playing fans. It has quickly become one of the best available and I look forward to a Van Helsing III.If you liked this review or want to see more recommended games, be sure to follow our curator group:Follow Original Curator Group"
,Recommended,272470,10849020,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,AKatarzynaK,"First off, if you’re interested in this game but haven’t played the first one yet I HIGHLY recommend holding off on this until you complete it. This is for multiple reasons, the first being that this is a continuation of the highly enjoyable first game, so you’re more likely to have an understanding and appreciation of the storyline. You are also given the option to carry over your character from the first game, including all skills and items, a feature which I was very pleased to see.Just as the first, this game is a solid ARPG which puts Diablo 3 to shame. The art style and steampunk atmosphere is very well done and pleasant to explore. Gameplay graphics are great, although the cutscenes seem to stand out as being of lesser quality.Like the first game you are joined by your ghostly companion, Katarina. You have the option to allow her to aid you in battle, or to put her in ghost form where she neither deals nor receives damage, instead providing you with a damage reduction bonus.There are a wide variety of skills to choose from for both you and Katarina. It’s easy to spread yourself a little thin when it comes to the somewhat large skill tree, but if you play it smart you can easily tailor it to suit your preferred playstyle.There are tower-defense minigames, which I happen to enjoy but if you’re not a fan you can easily skip them with no penalty. You are also given control over captains, who you can send to take care of issues which are apparently beneath you. This is a new feature, adding a bit more strategy to the game as you must decide which of the captains in your command is best suited for the task at hand.You'll be surprised at just how many great references are hidden throughout the game. I will refrain from mentioning any so as not to spoil them for anyone. If you are like me and try to fully explore each map you will be greatly rewarded with references, loot, and fun.My biggest issue with this game is the ending, which I found to be a bit underwhelming and extremely predictable. This is by no means a big enough deal to ruin the game, but it is worth mentioning."
,Not Recommended,272470,16108982,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Chris believes in Raptors,"This game seems pretty fun, and has good control options (including WSAD controls, neato!), but when my friend and I tried to coop the game we got stuck due to bugs pretty early in.Long story short, in Coop play, the objectives don't always mark themselves as completed.  And there's no way to reset the quest.  Thus, your only option is restarting the game again.Super ouch.I'll update this review if they patch it at a later date."
76561198040401422,Recommended,272470,10231844,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Dolor,"The Great:- Compelling isometric ARPG combat- Varied and satisfying skills and progression system- Satisfying execution of almost every aspect of the game- Tower defense (optional) mini-game that is good enough to be sold as a standalone game (almost worth the price for it alone)The Good:- Well written and delivered dialogue and narrative- Strategy elements added to already great ARPG mechanics- Very similar to previous game (which was also great)- Good loot dropping ryhthmThe Bad:- Very similar to previous game (previous game was great, so this is only slightly bad)- Some of the added elements weren't fully realized (e.g. sending followers on quests had little to no impact on game)Conclusion:If you like isometric loot ARPGs (like Torchlight), this is a must buy.  Even if you don't, this game is absolutely worthy of a purchase at some pricepoint."
76561197990158242,Not Recommended,272470,23839136,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,[U.S.M.]HunkUmbrella,"Coop system is just horrible! I bought for my friend this game on summer sale and you know how we managed to get into coop game? we dont, spent all day on f88ing research, trying to find the solution and there are no answers on official forums on disscussion threads. It seems even developers dont know how to fix this. It's June of 2016 and no coop fix still."
,Recommended,272470,13869004,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Maklemon,"One of the best RPG games ever. Pretty nostalgic since it reminds me Diablo. Great story, boss fights, variety of heroes and talent/skill builds, amazing environment, graphics, items and sets, healing and mana potions, awesome in every single way. And all the Easter Eggs you can find will make you smile. This is one of those must have games. Easy to beat once, but can you do it again with different hero and on hardest difficulty? Play and master it!"
,Recommended,272470,13636238,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Fishzerg,"This game is a perfect quick fix if you have a Diablo/Path Of Exile craving, but don't want to spend another hundred hours to satisfy it. Game's story lasts for about 15 hours at normal pace, but there are possibilities to continue playing if one wishes to: the story can be replayed at higher difficulty and there are scenarios that are certain non-randomized levels with varying challenges for end-game.My advice is to play the first game first (because it is pretty good too), then import the character into the second game (just a button click away) and continue the story with 30 new levels of skills. Van Helsing II is otherwise a very nice game, good-looking steam-punk theme, good voice acting and an entertaining story, plus a lot of parody and great humour with references to various pop culture. Game play offers three classes and there are several builds to explore. Tons of items, including legendary and set items.Game runs smoothy, with an occassional crash (had about 3-4 crashes during 20 hours), but game saves frequently so one seldom looses progress. No other issues encountered here. Combat is fun and satisfying, and it is very entertaining to explore the world. This is actually the first game of this style where I bothered to pay attention to the story and other lore-related details. Great fun stressless casual hack-n-slash game!"
,Recommended,272470,21415586,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Gosedre,"Van Helsing has his work cut out for him. For all the monsters he's slain, the looming spectres of Diablo, Torchlight, and Path of Exile cast an imposing shadow over the rugged hero. To set itself apart, this modern dungeon crawler has to find a way to truly sink its claws into the player beyond the usual loot'n'grind. The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing II, the second part of a planned trilogy by Neocore Games, succeeds remarkably in carving out its own identity, but at the potentially steep price of polish and balance.The visuals and soundwork of Van Helsing II are competent, with a few bright spots. The graphics are technically solid, with varied color palettes that provide atmosphere as Van Helsing explores underground caverns, snowy forests, and laboratories full of disgusting experiments. The voice acting is serviceable and the musical score is suitably sweeping and epic, with a few catchy songs, but nothing new for the genre.A common criticism of dungeon crawlers is that they start off slowly, and Van Helsing II does everything in its power to defy that stereotype. Players of the first Van Helsing will be pleased to find that they can import their character into the sequel, with all of their skills and equipment intact. Newcomers are able to create a character of one of the three classes -- the iconic Hunter, the mage-like Thaumaturge, and the tech-oriented Arcane Mechanic -- that begins at level 30, giving them a set of gear and plenty of skillpoints to spend. Those who find the game's in-depth, granular skill system a little too daunting can start at level 1 without any major handicaps, giving them more time to learn the deep mechanics of the game.These mechanics are much of what set Van Helsing II apart, but also where this ambitious title first stumbles. The game is unapologetically complex; each class has four primary stats and access to dozens of abilities, all of which can be upgraded up to ten times. There are plenty of ways to construct a character, but unfortunately, not all of them are viable. Many skills pale in comparison to others within the same tree, and it's easy to find yourself with a build that simply doesn't work. Luckily, a respecialization option is both cheap and accessible, making it easy enough to experiment until a satisfactory skillset is found.There is a lot of content in Van Helsing II, and most of it is implemented well. The usual prerequisites for the genre are in place: a lengthy storyline with plenty of side quests, co-operative multiplayer modes for both the campaign and individual scenarios, and a 'Battle Royal' PvP offering for those wishing to test their mettle against other players. What sets Van Helsing II apart, however, is its dedication to making its single-player experience memorable to the player. Throughout the fifteen to twenty hour campaign, Van Helsing spends plenty of time fighting his way through hordes of enemies, but he also fortifies and defends his Secret Lair (yes, that's what it's called in the game).The Lair -- the heart of the Resistance movement of which Van Helsing is a critical agent-- is unlocked early in the game, and houses merchants, alchemists, and enchanters capable of modifying and upgrading Van Helsing's equipment. It also grants access to a couple of additional minigames that add much-needed variety to the usual action-adventure fare, including tower defense-style sequences in which Van Helsing must prevent the antagonist's forces from discovering the Resistance's hideout, and a menu-driven command center where the player can build a small army and send them on missions that grant equipment and monetary rewards. Though fairly basic in design, both of these distractions are plenty of fun, and I often found myself teleporting back to base to play with them between campaign missions.The combat itself doesn't introduce any shocking twists, but it stands proudly with the best in the genre. With eight of his abilities available on the skill bar at any given time, Van Helsing is never lacking for tools with which to fight, and a generous cooldown on potions and plenty of ways to restore health and mana keep things moving at a tight pace. Enemy variety is impressive, with three or four new kinds of foes introduced in each zone, and multiple difficulty levels allow players to suit the challenge to their preferences. The biggest problem that I found was that pure melee characters never really come into their own. Every class has ranged options (and, in fact, the Hunter is the only one that can melee at all), but for all the depth of the skill trees, there's no real way to avoid the punishment that comes from being surrounded by the game's dangerous enemies. It's certainly possible to succeed with a melee-oriented build, it just never reaches the destructive potential of the other choices.It's a good thing, too, because the plot of the campaign doesn't stand too well on its own. The storyline is basic, but decent enough: after slaying the evil Professor Fulmigati in the first game, Van Helsing finds that the exiled General Harker has returned to take his place. Setting out on a mission to overthrow the new government, the monster hunter is joined once again by the ghost Katarina, who has to be one of the most obnoxious characters I've ever encountered in a videogame. A constant presence at Van Helsing's side, she's an endless font of overwrought sarcasm and grating negativity; in the first two hours of the game alone, she voices her distrust of a new character seven times. I counted. As if to make things worse, she and Van Helsing trade uninspired quips with depressing regularity; the tone of the story, which can get fairly dark at times, is completely offset by the constant, heavy-handed references to games, books, and movies the pair make. Occasionally, a gem of a line can inspire a smile, but for the most part, it's a distracting and desperate attempt at humor.Further putting a dent in things are the technical issues. The game isn't particularly buggy, at least not in the conventional sense, but it found some creative ways to hamper my enjoyment. Load times are far too long for a game of this size, and even inexplicably happen just from alt-tabbing. The camera is solid enough during gameplay, but in cutscenes, it has a habit of taking nauseating jaunts for seemingly no reason. Oftentimes, a scene with two characters simply standing on either side of a table discussing tactics is lent a surreal air as the perspective randomly changes.Despite these problems, it's hard not to recommend Van Helsing II. Most of the issues it has feel like the inevitable consequences of making an ambitious game on a small budget, and I have to applaud Neocore Games for packing so much content into their latest endeavor."
,Recommended,272470,18931631,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,lordsebastian101,"a decent sequel to a great action RPG game, Van Helsing 2 seems to think the bigger the better, however this might not be true when you're suppose to be playing a lone hunter. they essentially turned Van Helsing from a monster hunter who was just passing through Borgovia to it's one man army saviour and resistance leader. as a result unlike the first game, this game features less hunting for strange creatures in dark forests and more large battles in rain drenched streets. which i see as a bad thing.Gameplay wise, if you like action RPGs you will like the combat in this game, it throws as many monsters at you all at once as possible. the controls are responsive but the sound effects don't have enough impact behind them. the game also has a tower defense mini game(about 5 side-missions). which seems a bit out of place. graphically the game looks good and has some nice weather effects. however they toned down the Gothic themes and went full on steampunk in this one so you won't see any cool creatures like the scarecrow from the first game. the voice acting is good from the main characters (Van Helsing & Katarina) and so so from the other characters, but not awful. overall if you played and liked the first game you should pick this one up"
,Not Recommended,272470,10305716,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Flipmonger,"Pre-ordered 3-copies of this game for myself and two nephews.  Single player works fine up to a point, and multiplayer suffers from a variety of issues that makes it unplayable (unless you like restarting the game everytime it crashes).  Playing multiplayer along side with nephews in Story Mode yielded broken quests that carried over to the Single Player mode - we were unable to continue playing because one of the quests was glitched, ""Power of Perum - Part 3 - Kill the Adpets"" (can't kill something that's not there!!) even switching back to Single Player mode brought us back to the same glitched quest.  We tried restarting the game several times and selecting the Respawn Monsters under Options > Gameplay, but same thing.  Multiplayer crashes whenever you try to teleport to your friend's location or if they're still in a loading screen.We played the first one without any major issues affecting gameplay, but the sequel seemed to be a rush-job - looks nice, but it's broken.  Ideally, we wanted to try the PvP areas once we hit 60 but if the quests are broken they can't level up unless they grind all day (but where's the fun in that).  Additionally, the pre-order armor set was somewhat of a joke since you'll level up pretty quickly past 30 to make it obsolete.I played a new character up to 60 without issue in Single Player.  My opinion, the Multiplayer Mode is broken and will break any quests even going back to Single Player Mode.   There are a vast number of in-game perks that have been added, but not very intuitive.  Some items, like ""The Ring of Guidance"" - will instruct you to perform certain tasks, but the instructions are unclear and it fails to do anything.  Crafting is either broken or they made the instructions a secret - I've yet to figure out how to craft something, but ended up just selling all my crafting items for gold (much more productive).   Enchanting is much easier, but costly.  Trying to get a particular enchant from random can cost you millions of gold in a few minutes... would've been nice to see if the enchant was available prior to blowing millions on something that'll never come.  And lastly, the Chimera... annoying to hear him chase/hack on the NPC cat in the Lair.  Even after sending him off on a hunt he can still be heard chasing/hacking on the NPC cat in the Lair... ended up turning off Battle Sounds completely to get rid of the annoyance.Overall, the story is great, Single Player Mode works, but Multiplayer Mode is broken and will break your Single Player Mode game.  Sadly, we'll be passing on this for several months and may return to it once it's ""finished"".  Until then, I wouldn't recommend it if you're looking for a Multiplayer Game as I initially hoped to play with my nephews.  If you're looking to just play solo, then it'll be worth it."
76561198060587355,Recommended,272470,13464431,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Daniel,"Extremely fun. Great characters and dialogue, good skill and item system. Only negatives I can think of are the end game could be a bit better, and more people need to play cause multiplayer is dead."
76561198022842797,Recommended,272470,10211712,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,TeamplayerZargash,"Been waiting a while to find a game that provided everything I wanted and more. No joke, just the other day I was like man I want a game that is very challenging, has build diversity and lots of options, tons of loot and an ARPG preferably that I can move around with the keyboard (something I'd not found before).And last night, Tada, Bam, Van Helsing shows up on my radar via a Kripparian comment on how hard this game was, looked into it, found it provides keyboard movement or mouse movement, tons of skill tree's across 3 classes, tricks, aura's, Huge pet skill tree, mini games. Man I really don't know how this is only $15.00. Christ I have more stuff on my skill bar than most MMO's. Something like 16-20 things I can micro manage at once if I wanted (Only use 12 at the moment, but seriously wow, although you could get away with 3-4 just fine)Needless to say, I'm having a blast, more than I could of expected and some (tower defense included, cool creative story telling cut scenes, really good graphics and excellent effects, side hero quests you can send minions on, haha).If you want a real fun challenge, do Veteran Heroic, will keep you on your toes for sure (Fearless is to slow for my blood since enemies have gobs of hitpoints).Only negative I can think of so far is it seems a few people are having crash issues (considering 10-15K people are playing, and only 50 or so people on forums complaining, its not that high, but you take a chance).  Also one of the voice actors is kinda meh, but everything else is golden...."
76561198050800085,Not Recommended,272470,18781081,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,mdloafer,"When I first bought VH2, I had many of the same problems other people have mentioned with various glitches in the game, crashing to desktop repeatedly, etc.  I left for a few months and came back, and it is now much more stable than earlier in the year.  However, I still haven't enjoyed it.  The wild spikes in difficulty were pretty frustrating.  I would find myself going into a new area and having to constantly run while I heal up, after only being hit a few times.  Aside from the weird jumps in difficulty, the gameplay on the whole just didn't really grab my attention.  I wish I could be more constructive, but it's not anything I can put my finger on.  I've thoroughly enjoyed the Diablo games, Torchlight, Dungeon Siege, but VH2 just felt very dry and wasn't for me."
76561197968514473,Recommended,272470,22766488,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Meat-King©®,"“Join the resistance, they said. It will be fun, they said. No one ever mentioned something about a doomsday device!”The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing 2 contains all the best elements of the first game, and introduces novelties in form of bigger and more varied skill trees for all three classes and additional mini games, that contribute to the games atmosphere.In comparison with its predecessor the general level of difficulty has been increased, resulting in a more challenging world of Borgovia, that is filled with original monsters, magic and weird technology. At the same time the skills of your ghostly companion have also been rebalanced, allowing her to support you in your preferred playstyle in a more effective way.But the greatest strength of Van Helsing lies in its love for detail. Allusions to certain films, comics and the original book by Bram Stoker are proof of that. Furthermore, the protagonist and his delightful ghostly companion will keep you entertained with their wry sense of humor and many snappy dialogues.Nevertheless, there are a few shortcomings. One of them is the stiff combat system, as already encountered in the first instalment, which would have needed more attention to establish a more fluent hack & slash feeling. Another point is the storyline. While building on the events of the predecessor, the presentation of the story feels rather loveless, making it relatively easy to predict certain story related events.Trivia:Please do not open the cell of the familiar looking psychopath with cannibalistic tendencies, who prefers Chianti to certain cuisine. Your fellow resistance fighters will be very grateful for it.Achievements:Estimated time for 100% completion: +50 hoursSingleplayer achievements: 59Multiplayer achievements: 4"
76561197987332012,Not Recommended,272470,16429822,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,oldeizerssen,"We bought this game mainly for the multiplayer and we were highly disappointed. We can't play a half of an hour without any bug. And of course we can't finish the game because we are stuck in a last bugged quest. Graphics and art style is very beautiful but bugged game ruined my experience.UPDATE AFTER 5 DAYS:It even get worse when i try to sign up to the official game forum. After registration and validation I am still not able to write or comment posts. Why? Because administrator must approve my account before i will get full access. What the ****?!? Full access to what? Access to creating and commenting threads? I found a thread with same bugged quest that happened to me, but there is still no response after almost week. But I am not surprised because they still didn't approve my registration.All what I found everywhere on internet is only one option. When you got stucked because of bugged quest then YOU CAN SEND YOUR SAVE TO COMPANY AND THEY SEND YOU YOUR SAVE BACK. Whaaaat?! :D That is fokin awesome bug fixing for everyone.Sorry but totally NO for this bugged game and company. As I read many people are unsatisfied from first game and it seems it will continue through the whole series and company do nothing about it.PS: Am i blind or they remove entire Van Helsing II section from they forum? I don't see it now, just don't."
,Recommended,272470,10226700,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Charlotto Poncakey!,"I love ARPGs. Diablo I, Diablo 2, Path of Exile.These are the heavy-hitting ARPGs I stack everything up to.Diablo I had atmosphere and a pacing you cannot find in any other game. The slow deliberation as you traveled through the dungeon has not been duplicate to this day.Diablo II had a flexible skill tree that entices players to construct a build for each and every skill. I'm not sure why, but those skills had real character.Path of Exile. My newest love has been especially revolutionary in their currency and item modding systems. The challenge of POE drew my attention. Graphically, the game is terribly bland.The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing IIAtmostphere: This game has a great atmosphere. Turning dark and gloomy areas into interesting scene pieces without the boredom like in POE or the ADHD tones of Torchlight II. There's a story that guides you along without being overbearing.Sound: The voice acting is nice. The banter between Helsing and Katarina is frequent and entertaining. There is some bad voice acting for other NPCs. The spell and combat sounds could use work.Systems: While the game is not revolutionary in its currency system, it has a good amount of gold sinks. Shopping, to respecing, enchanting, item modding, gambling: these are just some of the ways to spend your gold.Gameplay: The gameplay is pretty standard fair for ARPGs. However there is a slight targeting issue and some environmental boundaries that you might get hung up on. The maps are not procedurally generated, but they are handcrafted nicely.Customization: There is quite a bit of customization across the character classes. They advertise over 200 spells. They all seem quite varied and to add another layer of depth, they all can be modded further by the use of the rage system. By activating one or more of the rage buttons, it modifies the ability to perform differently. Similar to the rune system from Diablo III, albeit not as grand, almost all abilities have 3 mods. They usually come in the form of an extra projectile, more damage, % life gain on kill, first second of channeling stuns all targets, etc.Difficulty: I heard this game on max difficult was impossible. 4 hours into my second Hunter (lvl 9), I am encountering mobs that are similar to merciless difficulty mobs in Path of Exile. It is not until around this level have I fought my first REAL rare mob. These ice witches that I am fighting, all have a slow aura........ which stacks. In a two stack of these witches, my melee hunter was moving at around 20% movement speed.The problem with having extremely difficult monsters in these type of games, is that it forces players to kite. I still find the courage to fight in melee range. But when I'm playing hardcore against 4 Path of Exile charging Brutus', I still end up running at the end of the day.There's something for every theorycrafter. Whether you're trying to create game breaking builds or make a subpar gimmick skill work, the game is extremely fun."
,Recommended,272470,13950564,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,I have no idea what I'm doing,"YES.I mean, it's a great game. Finished it singleplayer with a completely new character (i.e. I didn't start in veteran mode) in like 16 hours I believe, but I did not find all the secrets. Started veteran and I'm still having fun with slightly harder enemies and - of course - better SHINIES. Hopefully I won't miss things this time.The story was fine, although a few things were predictable, but I didn't mind. OST isgreat, Katarina is awesome again - although I'd wish for a few new lines instead of those we already know from VH1 (mainly talking about her reactions to ""send to town""). Also perhaps different voice packs for different class (you have three to choose from). But still, I can't complain much about the visuals nor sound (some monsters sound stupid when they get hit repeatedly, but whatever). VH2 also has several new features compared to VH1, mainly Chimera (I'm not gonna spoil it, but it's a fun thing) and generals (or whatever they were called, those guys you send out to do missions). And the tower defense minigame is back (this time we have 6 different levels).The only thing I fear about is multiplayer, since I've heard that there are still MP bugs, similar to those VH1 had. However, as I haven't played MP yet, I'm only mentioning things I've read on the forums - nothing I've experienced myself. I did have some trouble with VH1 multiplayer, though...Did I mention the OST and Katarina are great? No? Well, OST and Katarina are great.tl;dr: Buy it if you like aRPGs.EDIT: So, I now had a chance to play multiplayer. In fact, went through the whole first playthrough with a friend and on the veteran one now. Yes, this game still has some glitches, but not even half as bad as VH1. No more incredible, random lags during any dialogue. I (as a non-host) did crash a few times, maybe thrice during that one playthrough. There are other glitches such as ""invulnerability bubbles"" staying on champions despite them being vulnerable (you can see their HP go down, though, so that's a clear indication they're not immortal ;-)), had some (mostly allied) characters keep running into a wall, etc. But the gameplay is smooth and frankly - I'd say that considering my friend's laggy connection (he lags on TeamSpeak!) this game somehow manages to workaround those lags well. Well, that's if you get used to the fact that each of your hit is slightly delayed, but that's not a problem after you play for a bit. I don't even pay attention to that anymore.So, yes, this is still ""thumbs up"" and still ""definitely recommended""."
76561198035054806,Recommended,272470,12996519,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,sara_bear,Excellent follow up game to Part 1. Worth a 10 spot if you liked the first game.
,Not Recommended,272470,16670139,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Kris,"Critical bugs which prevent you to complete certain parts of the game are still present and this is unacceptable and it feels like half finished product more than a year after its release (even you released a sequel in the mean time which is also bugged).I experienced very low FPS on some rainy levels, especially during the extraction rig boss fight on my geforce gtx 980 dropping to 15-20 in some cases.Multiplayer is still unplayable also.Please finish & test your games before you release them."
,Not Recommended,272470,11097052,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Flea,"The return of Van Helsing was heralded with much excitement and anticipation to the return of hunting beasties and baddies throughout the Romanian-inspired expanse of Borgovia, but it was met with disappointment and hands thrown up in confused defeat.Like the first installment, The Incredibly Long Title of Van Helsing II (herein referred to as Helsing II) places the player in control of the gruff speaking monster hunter Van Helsing, son of the more famous Helsing that you're thinking of. Haunting his side is the impolite and begrudgingly helpful ghost Katarina, who takes on a variety of roles depending on your pre-made script for her. Taking place immediately after the events of the first game, Van Helsing finds no rest as he is instantly thrust into a new conflict that has arisen from the wreckage he left upon solving the last one.There's something lost in the adventure by continuing the story so soon after the first game, and keeping you locked into the land of Borgovia. The first installment generated a lot of adventure and captured imagination of the player as they continuously unlocked more secrets about the odd monster hub of Borgovia. The player would move across the country side, rescuing small villages and delving into secret ruins and all-around truly capturing the feel of being a Van Helsing. This game, however, locks you back into Borgovia, with very little left to explore. Van Helsing is now well versed in the country's conflicts and legends, leaving only a few snippets of secrets to discover on his path. Also gone are the days of basic monster hunting, and instead he is charged with leading a resistance against a mechanical and undead army, none of which really feels like something that fits in with Van Helsing (they were featured in the first game, but not to this degree).The variety of monsters you face feels limited, though it could only be deceptively so. It's hard to tell as any monster design is usually lost in the pulled back camera, environments blending in with the colors of the monsters, and the sheer mass of baddies that will swarm you. I feel bad for whomever designed the creatures, putting time and effort into creating each and every unique monster, only to have 90% of their design lost in the crowds. There are unique enemies, much like in Diablo, but unlike Diablo they are few and far between, with no real randomness to their set up. For the most part you'll just dredge through wave after wave of swarming enemies, only able to pick out your allies in the crowd by the color of their health bar.Musically the game falls flat. The title score perfectly matches the backdrop of the time period (fictional though it may be), but you'll be hearing that and not much else for the entire game. Your attacks have adequete sounds to follow their barrage, but the enemies will pretty much just roar and snarl, if anything. Voice acting is average to below average in some cases. The actors read their lines, do the inflections as best they can, but there's no passion or thought behind the efforts.Just like the first game, the gameplay is heavily inspired by Diablo, where you move by clicking on an area or just holding down the mouse button and aiming your hunter, and attacking is also controlled by the mouse buttons and the 1-6 keys, so you wont really be mixing movement and attacks at the same time, though it's highly recommended you learn to not stay in one place for too long unless you're really good at slowing enemies down.To help you in your quest you have skills, auras, and tricks. Skills are acquired through the skill tree, the points for which are gained with every level. At first they're cheap, needing only one point to upgrade, but soon they raise the price to two points per upgrade and then three. This is done so you don't get more powerful abilities as quickly as the lower level ones, but as a result progression through your tree feels very slow, especially as you debate whether or not you should upgrade an existing skill, either through a passive effect or one of three bonus effects that you can toggle in the field. To its credit, this game does well with an individual skill, tossing aside the notion that it's all just upgrade the skill in a lateral fashion, and instead allowing you to further customize how you want your skill to operate, but much like the costs of skills this also serves to slow down progression through the tree. You can argue if this is good or bad, objectively, but to the player it feels dull. Auras are passive upgrades and tricks are mana-less abilities usually reserved for when situations get tough. Both auras and tricks are upgraded with skill points as well, though, further slowing down tree progression and either resulting in you having a few of each, or a lot of skills and virtually none of the other two.Coming over from the DLC of the first game, Helsing II allows you to choose between three classes instead of one: hunter, engineer, and mage (the exact names I don't remember or care to look up). Hunters can use guns or swords and swap between either on the fly (though you'll most likely only stick with one as they don't share a skill tree but they have to share points - further progression slowing). Engineers attack more slowly and deliberately as well as summon turrets and mechanized spiders to help out. Mages do what mages do best: magic. All three can dabble in different elements (fire, ice, poison, and lightning), so they all feel very similiar in their effects even though their executions can be different.The game would had been better served with just the original class, much how the vanilla version of the first game came. This allowed for a very varied class, offering lots of avenues to explore for your hunter. Now, all three feel slightly more limited compared to the original design of the previous game.Gear comes much like in diablo, in different rarities with a lot of different stats to consider. You can enchant gear, there are set bonuses, the usual fare you come to expect from an action RPG. The large variety of stats that can be on a piece of gear allows for gear progression to be less linear than most games, which can be overwhelming but it does make for a richer experience.Tower defense is back, but you can completely skip over it if you want; while fun, it's understandable if you do skip it after the first or second try, as it can get tedious. Along with tower defense you have unique npcs you can send out on missions along with soliders you pay to train and equip, and a beastie that can also go out on missions and collect loot and gold for you. It's a concept that has been done before, but honestly it's not one I'm a fan of. You are given these quests that sound interesting, and then are told that you are not allowed to go - you have to send an npc on the mission and you don't see how they progress, just if they succeeded or not. It's incredibly hollow and I saw no point in its inclusion at all.Overall, the game plays much like the first game, but what content was there has been watered down by the inclusion of new, often shallow, content and all of it is spread too thin on a surprsingly short game. There is three chapters to the game, each relatively short and the story of the game just...ends. You can see it coming rather easily, but you're still interested in what will come of the predictable development, but they don't give you the satisfaction. The cliff hanger of this caliber is almost insulting, flaunting the idea of a sequel or future DLC so blatantly you get the feeling that they just didn't feel like giving you a real story when they could chop it up and serve it to you over a longer period of time, hoping you are willing to pay up each time you get another chunk.If you're looking for a fun action RPG, you'd be better suited with the first Van Helsing, or better yet Torchlight I/II."
,Recommended,272470,12232735,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,ynto,"Rating: 7/10Visuals and gameplay remains the same as in Van Helsing I, but there some differences. The first is the interface, which I like more Van Helsing II (such as inventory, shopping features, rage indicator etc.). Humor, references and hidden content are pretty much the same (great), but what I luck is the variety of environments. The areas with nature are drastically reduced and everything is more in steam-punk style. There are also some changes in ""tower defense minigame"" and extras like rune-crafting and army building. Overall it's still pretty fun and if you like the first game, I will recommend to get this one as well."
76561198001651748,Not Recommended,272470,24458474,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,steveb315,"I reallly liked VH1. This is very much like the first one, but with a lot more BUGS.Game feels rushed. Co-op is a mess. Trading, zoning, even just inspecting in multiplayer has caused crashes.The co-op connecting sometimes just decides to stop working with all the associated ports opened.I found a work-around is to set the password to just ""1"".The game is fun most of the time, but the bugs are close to game-breaking, escpecially in multiplayer mode.I can't recommend this game."
76561198029493734,Not Recommended,272470,16580543,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,dragonknight902,"The game is unplayable, even in single player you can only go so far before a bug will completely stop your game progression. Do not waste your money for a game you will not be able to play past any decent point. I got to level 14, which by this games standard (as far as I can tell) is not very high, then I was halted entirely by a bug that made a quest interaction unable to occur. I am not the only to experiance the bug at the instance I did. I you want a complete game like Diablo just buy Diablo because at least you can complete it.I not only do not recomend this game but if the is the product this devloper is producing I refuse to purchase any further games from them. The game has been out for over a year now and is still unplayable."
76561198079643213,Not Recommended,272470,10248373,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,shadowDDD,"This game crash and lag every few minutes. I wouldn’t suggest on those who want to buy this game is to wait until they, NeoCore Games, fix it.While playing  this game in co-op story mode, the game would constantly crash or lag, forcing me to shut down the game and steam in order to relog back in. Then in a few more minutes it would the freeze up until it crash.Another major bug I have encountered is the skill bug that would allow you to duplicate your ghost infinitely and use the healing spell without consuming any mana.Please fix this game. I pay, reorder,  for a working game and not to be beta tester."
,Recommended,272470,16780906,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Secchan,"Honestly, it was too short and the ending of the story came about too soon and too suddenly. Other than that it was very similar to the first game and I enjoyed playing it. All the Easter Eggs made me smile. I haven't done multiplayer, but in single player I only encountered one bug that was easily ignored by a console command.The variety of skills and weapons makes it a lot of fun and there's always room to replay the game as a different class to see if you can beat it again - like you could with the first game. The addition of a war table made for a fun distraction in-between quests."
76561198122877656,Recommended,272470,10213732,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,VaultManiac,Fun and a nice change from diablo. Doesnt take itself very seriously and has a few good laughs... Play it. You will like it.
,Not Recommended,272470,15979329,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Gamezon Games,"Game might be decent for coop if we could play it.Sadly, we kept having game breaking issues such as all attacks/skills not working, extreme lag, disconnects, out of sync, etc.Same problem with Van Helsing 1.Maybe this has good single player, but it's not why I bought it.These games should not be listed as multiplayer because they are mostly unplayable."
,Recommended,272470,22800294,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Dominant Chris,"I don't understand why this game is getting a lot of hate, people complaining about bugs are overreacting theirs no game breaking bugs I got stuck in one area and couldn't get out but i used the teleport ability and went back into the level it's not hard people, some say the game is downright laggy, only one area was like this and I'm pretty sure I know the reason for it (the rain), it's not even that bad once you progress further into the level. The game itself is brilliant! really enjoyed playing through it, if you can pick it up on a sale I recommend you do so."
,Recommended,272470,32535404,Posted: 18 June,all,Hannes - get cube link on ste@m,"better than the first one, probably the best in the series"
76561198023973747,Recommended,272470,12517572,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,bpjohn21,"Great Games for fans of Diablo type RPGs.Supports Co-op play (played with 2 other friends to the end) and was VERY Fun.The game can be diffifcult at times for some of the boss battles (expect to die...)There ia a LOT of depth/customization to the game in the skills, abilities and items, MUCH MORE thant DiabloOverall rating for this is an 8.5/10It would have been even higher but we did encounter a few places where the maps have bugs (a 3d collision problem and it it took us some tries to get our co-op game connected and synce'd, but as I said we were able to finish the full game and we all really enjoyed it.I am purchasings the Ink Hunt expansion right now"
,Recommended,272470,11945450,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,robotnyk,"Highly recommended, if you're into hack'n'slash RPGs. If you like the Diablo series, and you need a change of scenery, pick up this game, and pick up the first episode too. It does not revolutionize the genre. The production might not be up to AAA standards. The voice acting is a bit so-so at places, the UI is not the cleanest. But the gameplay itself is solid, the class and talent system is complex enough to validate multiple playthroughs, and offers randomized scenarios after finishing the story, which is about 8-10 hours long."
,Recommended,272470,10205191,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Darth Guybrush,Even better than the excellent first game!
76561198085430696,Not Recommended,272470,10295265,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Amanzhol,"It's a pity, that the game hasn't got a demo. Based on reviews, I thought, it would be satisfying game, but mistaken. The most evident disadvantage is a combat system. Despite big variety of skills, items, perks it's felt very monotonous."
,Not Recommended,272470,10277704,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Captain Rape,I'm russian but I don't care about russian language in game. I'm ok with just english version. But. This game is FULL of bugs. Its almost unplayable. And why the hell I can't save my game progress in multiplayer and then continuine sory solo?
76561198079660932,Not Recommended,272470,10259889,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,jlwuvsamberley1010,"Horrible glitches, constant freezes, wow is this game terribly flawed. They should never have mentioned multiplayer when it clearly cannot go more than a few hours before all you encounter are multiple bugs. If you die and try to respawn the game instantly freezes and does not unfreeze. There are occassions when your special abilities are limitless, but the game will crash. Sometimes you will move and the enemies will go in circles but you cant hit anything or pick up anything. This game has been out for about a week or so and yet their tiny updates fix nothing in regards to multiplayer gameplay. If you are looking to play this solo, as i have tested out the solo gameplay, then it is an ok game 6.5\10...multiplayer i give it a 2.5\10, horrible glitches. Me and my two friends due to lack of multiplayer games chose to take a chance on the second game, boy do we wish there was a refund clause being implemented on these companies and their lack of testing a product before accepting money in exchange. They hit you up for your money and just ignore you like the interacting has ended once money has exchanged hands."
76561198052922608,Not Recommended,272470,10479052,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Ki,"Bought this specifically for the multi-player function and then cried.  Game crashed three times in the first 10 minutes.  Completely unplayable.  If you intend to play multi-player, find yourself another game."
76561197976240806,Recommended,272470,10211098,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Siyuko Valkyrie,i like the game but i think they need to have the controler support on it it was more fun that way also for some people might be a good idea to get physx drivers an update your drivers if you have not it might help for some people that crash i know that helped me stop my crashing but for others that have other issues might be something else but also might be a good idea to smooth it out more as well but still its a good game all in all
76561198003349639,Not Recommended,272470,10299092,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Methsliath,"Despite all old and new features this game is quite frustrating and boring. Levels are imbalanced, loot is pretty useless (yep, this is genre feature, I know), battles are grueling in bad sense and, to be honest, there is so small amount of new things compared to first part: old monsters, old locations, old terrible camera and so on, that it should be called Expansion pack or Add-on, but not SECOND game. Yes, we have brand new skills and perks and all this stuff here, but it isn't much to make this one challenging.Also VH II is buggy (not so badly as first part, but anyway) and loads as long as Vista on first Pentium.You should look for first game: it's cheaper now and isn't worse after year of fixes."
76561197992847750,Not Recommended,272470,10319266,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Egor,"Game is fun but I've crashed or my girlfriend has lagged out wayyyy too many times for even an indie game. I like the game but I'm not even sure we can finish it, because all it brings is frustration."
76561198007486006,Recommended,272470,20612675,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,claudiassj,"The second installment of Van Helsing's series has nothing more to offer than the first one.It still has all the requirement to fit every stereotype of the hack'n'slash: poor graphics, chaotic, slightly boring, flat protagonist, no real dialogue, repetitive to death. Clearly it is not genre I like that much. So, why am I playing it, and recommending it on top of that? Two main reasons, which are what really set Van Helsing apart from all the other games of its genre: the amazing atmosphere of its world, a charismatic mix of steampunk and gothic fantasy you cannot find anywhere else; and secondly, the quirky humour, filled with references to other famous brands. Honestly, in which other game can you loot a dead Grey Wizard, wielding a sword and a staff, lying in front of a broken bridge, in an underground cave?"
76561198191274090,Recommended,272470,28878738,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ajacks,"If you liked the 1st part, then you will surely like this one too... I wonder why many felt negative about this game. In my opinion the key factor is the ""time-gap"" between games. I mean, if you start playing the 2nd part right after finishing the 1st part, you are sure to feel bored or a 'drag' of the whole story. A 3-4 month gap after playing the 1st one should keep you interested in part 2.When I first purchased Part 1, Part 2 & 3 were already out, but I did not buy all together. Purchased one after one with gap between gameplay."
,Not Recommended,272470,10597704,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Deathecus,"This game is a lot more buggy than the first. Not quite as charming and the fighting is definitely more grindy and slow. Most of the monsters are annoying to fight (auto turrets and missles and flying saw discs that shoot at you and monsters that spam slow you).The first game is superior, sadly I was hoping for more of the same instead it feels like a gimped version of the first."
76561197998322004,Recommended,272470,10520345,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,ballianed,"Suck it, Diablo 3, this is a lot more fun"
,Recommended,272470,12713825,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Perrywinkle208,Good game. Can get a bit repetetive later on. Lots of different ways to play. References to other games and stories are entertaining if you notice them
,Not Recommended,272470,16031418,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,The Serene,"It could have been fun, but right now, it is not. You can't import your character from VH I because of an already over a year old bug that still is not fixed. If you start a new character at level 1, the item drops that are useful have a requirement of level 30+, so you can't use them when they drop for your level 5 character. That is also a known bug and still isn't fixed, although a patch has been announced repeatedly (as was for the ""file too old"" bug that prevents importing a character)So, while the first installment was fun, I can not recommend VH II for the lack of support and bug fixes."
76561198030339686,Not Recommended,272470,10479029,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Drunken Padre,Multiplayer is unbelievably broken!! - Multiplayer feature should not even be listed against the game. I bought it with three friends specifically to play together and it is completely unplayable - crashes and de-syncs every few minutes. We hadnt even made it past the first cut scene before we had to give up on it. EXTREMELY FRUSTRATING AND DISSAPOINTING!
,Recommended,272470,22592511,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Andrew Ryan,"If you love dungen crawlers. youll love this game. Not only do you slash monsters left and right. you look f**ken bad♥♥♥♥♥doing it. it has a good story and after playing this game, i feel like i have to buy the others. I love this game"
76561198012833532,Recommended,272470,22684823,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Awesomo 2000,"More of the same as the first one, so if you liked it a lot, you might possibly like second Van Helsing as well. But beware, there are no major changes to the game, it feels like more like a large DLC that continues the story than anything else."
,Recommended,272470,14107457,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Jearbear,"A great sequel to the first Van Helsing, still filed with great humor, refrences, and a fun aRPG diablike combat system that proves to be challening and fun from start to finish. One of my favorite aRPGs along with the original, I highly recommend for anyone that enjoys the genre. It's also multiplayer now!Overall Rating: 8/10"
76561197970353087,Recommended,272470,28083756,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Rainbow,"Fantastic game. Good strategy needed in fights, Awesome levelling up system. Gameplay is relentless and keeps you occupied throughout. If i had to choose a similar game i would pick Diablo 3. Wherein that game has great movie cutscenes. Van helsing 2 has a little more in depth i thought. It still doesnt beat Diablo 3 in my mind but definitely comes a close second. Go and buy this game as you cannot go wrong. A lot of reviews talk about bugs but i havent seen any to date. Enjoy the game."
,Recommended,272470,10226157,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Chicago Falcon,"This game is really awesome and a lot of fun. Its more of ""The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing Episode 2"", rather than a second seperate game. The story line picks up right were the first game ends and you should ideally import your character from the first game. There is a whole second tier of abilities added onto the first set thats in the first game, and if you don't import a level 30 character, you won't be able to get those abilities (unless you play with one of  the level-30s they already have available. There are a few more things they've added in from the first game, such as squad commanders located in the lair that you can send out on missions, kind of like the missions you send you assassins out on in AC: Brotherhood. They also improved the lair-defense mini-game so its  a lot more fun....and if you don't want to play the defense game, you can send your resistance squads to do it for you. One final thing that makes this game so awesome is all the funny little pop culture references...one of the early missions is ""Saving Private Bryan"", who is totally useless except for the fact that the commanders like the cakes he makes...and when you go into a cave, Katerina says ""We can't stop here, this is bat country"". Also, there's Don Quixote's lance, some plans from Da Vinci that give you a permanent stat boost, and you find Gandalf's body with a sword and staff on it...Van Helsing and Katerina make fun of him for trying to be a wizard and a fighter. Also you come across a Stargate.I like this game more than Torchlight or Diablo, and if you like dungeon crawlers, you'll probably like this one. But just play the first one before this one so you can import your save."
,Not Recommended,272470,10785723,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Lenko,"It's really really hard to recommend this sequel. The first VH was very enjoyable, but the second feels uninspired.The new classes are lack lustre and I can't help but fall asleep during combat. Clunky animations ho!Online MP is quite buggy as well, which doesn't help when you buy this game for a buddy and yourself, in order to play co-op."
,Recommended,272470,29873828,Posted: 12 February,all,Mr. Matt,"Since some folks may look into puchasing these games individually as opposed to in the ""Final Cut"" edition which includes all 3 games, I'm going to also post a review of the individual games, taken from my Final Cut review with very slight modifications. I'm going to call this one Van Helsing II (while the first and third games will be I and III, of course).This a good game. However, the maps don't stand out/wow me like Van Helsing I did. I played through most of the game in its original release, and through its entirety in this version. You get a pet chimera, which sits in your base and you can send it to search for gear by clicking a map for it to go to. You never see the chimera except at our base, and he takes 10 minutes per trip to return, but you can reduce the time to 4 minutes if you find enough special items to equip on him. I only found 2, and he took 6 minutes to come back. He levels up, but it took a long time for me to get him to level 5. Leveling him up just means you have better odds of getting items when you send him out, and I never got anything jaw-dropping. It's a fun little minigame of sorts, but nothing incredible.That's the biggest change between Van Helsing I and Van Helsing II. Other than that, the story was decent but nothing amazing, the movie/TV/game references got a little carried away, but it didn't push me too far, and I actually thought the final boss fight was really well done for this sort of game. It was better than the -final- boss fight of any Diablo game, in my opinion, as you are going up against two bosses leading two armies, both of which are all trying to kill you! You show up in the middle and can take the armies' qualities into account to help decide which side you should ""aid"" in winning before taking that side out last. I wish more action RPGs with this camera perspective put anywhere near this much effort into making boss fights fun. The villain was kinda meh, and there's a character who you will look at and say ""This ally character is obviously evil"" the moment you meet the character. Still, it's a pretty decent game; not great as the first. I do recommend it, but it's more of a ""yeah, it's pretty good"" situation where it makes the recommended list, but not by a lot, whereas I will praise the first game for years to come."
,Recommended,272470,13702213,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,GreyMack,Well i just completed Van helsing II and it took me round about 20+ hours with 20 of the 63 achievements aquired.To be honest this could have been Van Helsing 1.5 as it's really just more of the same but hey that's no bad thing if you enjoyed the first one and I did so i definitely got my moneys worth.I would say worth purchasing especially if you can pick it up in a steam sale.
,Recommended,272470,10638499,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Mindzorz,awesome
76561198040457997,Recommended,272470,10214060,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Keemossi,"The first Van Helsing was one of the better hack'n'slash games, and this is pretty much more of the same. Really good for the price.Lots of bugs, though. Enchanting items can crash the game, typos, missing descriptions, missing images.. yeah. I didn't encounter any game stopping bug, but the game does feel unfinished."
,Recommended,272470,10213787,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,diegraver,This game is just as good if not better than the original.... just keep patching up the bugs...!!
,Not Recommended,272470,16260364,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Arwen,"This game would be so much fun, if the developers would fix the bugs, that are known for over a year. These bugs are not just minor, but also lead to a dead end that forces the player to quit playing the game.I played the first part, which was also full of bugs, but still playable and I was really looking forward to play this one, cause it's fun to play. But not like this. It's really a shame, that instead of fixing major bugs, the developers rather decided to make a third part."
76561198009547655,Not Recommended,272470,10226001,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,kevini100,do not buy this game is crashes evertime when you enter the inkwell to your secret lair.
,Not Recommended,272470,10223324,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,ryunp,"Lags on my laptop with lowest possible settings, yet I play D3, WoW, Mass Effect series, etc just fine on medium+ settings. Tried to switch to smaller resolution in windowed mode but now the game window is just title and border with maybe a 100x20 px dimension that crashes every time I try to start the game. No way to get in and change to graphics settings, no utilities or configs I can find in the file directory tree... So I can't even try to play it anymroe. Thanks.This game is barely in beta stages, how did this get released to the public?Edit: Found registry data in 'HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\'. Renamed 'NeoCore Games' to 'NeoCore Games_old' and it regenerated registry data. Back to trying to get it running without massive lag."
,Recommended,272470,25365479,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Nikobawzz,"it's a good game, nice graphics, good co-op story mood game play and everything, but for some reason it doesn't want to work for me anymore, i come to second load screen and then it stops working for me, for some reason, i don't know why, cause i haven't changed any settings or anything."
76561197970728391,Recommended,272470,26441141,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Old Man 678,"Another good game for the most part. I love the atmosphere of the game. Has several funny parts as well (some little movie tidbits mixed in here and there) and Katarina always has something to say. 3 characters to choose from and unlimited possibilties to change your gear and try to build the character you want.But, what plagued the first game plagues this one as well. It is incredibly hard, which is isn't necesasarily a bad thing, but this game is so hard until you get leveled up (almost to the max) that it explains why there is such a low completion rate of this game (I believe less than 20%). The camera angles are terrible. Causes alot of issues, especially in battle. And when you get to level 57, you open the scenarios window. If you thought the game was hard, the scenarios are even harder. When you have an achievement that you can't die during a scenario to get it, you knows it's hard (less than 1% have)Still enjoyed the game though. Nice music, story, and solid graphics with unrelenting action makes this game move along. If you want a challenge, look no further."
,Recommended,272470,15056932,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Crimson,Van Helsing 2 is a fun ARPG that doesn't take itself too seriously.
76561198275314000,Recommended,272470,25775880,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,The Blade Siren,This is an awesome game aside from the freezes the game periodically does.
76561198002701961,Recommended,272470,10848482,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Mortiga,One of the best RPG ive played. Humor is good. Van Helsing 1 was pretty darn good. This is way better!
,Not Recommended,272470,11144263,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,SinnyQQ,"Crashing for no good reason, just like the first one? CheckStill contains the most torturously long load screens? CheckImpossibly difficult gameplay involving dying every five seconds right from the beginning? CheckAn incredibly ♥♥♥♥♥ier game than the last one, which already wasn't that great? CheckAt least last time the voice acting was somewhat charming, the bugs were more hilarious than annoying, and I actually had something to smile about every once and a while."
,Not Recommended,272470,29184487,Posted: 11 January,all,SSGrantox,"The game has alot of broken content. The trophy desk for levels 31+ has no explanation and nothing in that menu responds, you cant actually use the crafting system, and from what i've heard (unable to test since nobody plays this anymore)the multiplayer was/is broken. The endgame content is nonexistent because after beating the game, the only thing I could do was go back and fight respawned enemies, and if the content was supposed to be multiplayer, that ain't happening. If there was anything else to do, the game didn't bother to hint at it.Next, the combat is unbalanced. Enemies have such a wide variety of strength that one enemy will feel like you're at the beginning of the game, and the next enemy kills you in a single hit, even on NORMAL difficulty. This results in a bunch of frustrating moments where even with a properly leveled character, you end up getting killed before you can even react (keep in mind that this was normal difficulty setting. The higher difficulties must be god awful). I spent most of my gold reviving myself from deaths that I couldnt even react to. Its also one of those systems that scales with how much gold you have, and allows you to revive for no cost if you're broke or in a boss fight so death is of no consequence, since the shop has items worse than item drops. Aside from the glaring issues during the later enemies, the beginning to mid point has okay combat.The skill tree is garbage - in order to get later skils you have to buy unrelated skills you'll never use, wasting points. Anything but the most basic skills require many more levels than the actual level requirement for the skill, unless you invest most points into getting a single skill. It doesn't help that these stepping stone skills cost more than one point at a time. Theres also Auras and tricks in tabs beside the skills, but they work off the same points system, further reducing the points you have for skills. There's also one skill called ""Boiling blood"" that does a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of damage to the enemy at the cost of *some* health. They obviously never bothered to test the skill, because it uses *all* of your health (this skill is a good way to commit suicide), and usually instakills the enemy too. The crazy part is, I didn't even know it was the skill killing me at first because the rest of the enemies kill me so fast anyway. This means that the PVP combat was probably broken beyond repair, but thank god it didn't work in the first place and the rest of the skills are probably unbalanced as well.The games various menus are clunky. There are many extra menus and submenus that don't need separate pages, the menus have no consistent formatting and often alot of things lack clear explanation so you end up needing to google info on what this or that does. The map is servicable, but it is confusing.The mission system in the base is worthless. The only reward you get is gold which you'll spend reviving yourself, and trash items that you'll probably sell for more gold. Most missions can't be done by you, you have to select a general to have a random chance of success or failure. It's pretty boring TBH, read a description, send a general with the skills to match that description, wait 30 minutes for the lottery to finish, get gold you don't need, or an injured general you'll need another 30 minutes to use, repeat. The generals can level up, but they only get a perk which provides a miniscule boost. Since the generals can't upgrade any skills to a usable point besides their preset skills, theres no point in leveling up your generals, or to even use them at all.The missions you can do involve defending a base, where you spend points on traps to kill the enemies. Like the boiling blood skill, they didn't test them at all, so the gatling gun turret is the best, and usually kills everything on its own.  Most of the kills are done through traps, which makes it more of a tower defence than an ARPG.Getting to the story, it has 3 good main characters and a pet chimera, but everybody else in the game is forgettable(That word doesn't even begin to describe it). They are introduced for one quest, then become a useless npc in the base that I guarantee you'll never use. The voice acting and witty banter between Helsing and Katarina is good, but that's the only thing in the game thats good. As for the ending, it didn't resolve, it's just setup bait for the next game, so if you want the story, you'll have to buy their next game.The game itself works(as far as technical issues, the game sucks), and looks good but this is not worth playing honestly. 2/5.  Just buy diablo 3."
76561198037285261,Not Recommended,272470,10568922,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Sviskon,"These developers are arrogant♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥for not fixing old Van Helsing 1 bugs, instead just wants more money and release Van Helsing 2 with the SAME bugs!Me and my friends bought the first game when it released on steam, which were so buggy that you could barely play the game, and multiplayer didnt work at all!So we uninstalled the game after waiting for a fix for a week or so, saving a whopping 20gb disk space.Now we decided to try the second game, hoping that everything would be fixed from the first game... well what do you know, the SAME♥♥♥♥♥♥♥mess all over again...Cant join each others games in multiplayer, decided to play solo, stuck in the very first part of the game with not being able to use the elevator and had to start a new char to fix it.Then in the next area i get to i got the next bug smashed in my face.. the game suddenly dropped to like 5 fps for no reason, everything but the 2D effects which were still smooth (weird as hell).Made me want to ask for a refound and NEVER try any of their games again.Its sad because the game has huge potential."
,Not Recommended,272470,10844725,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Madinkan,"good game but VERY VERY buggy. Do not recomend buying until they fix it.Bom jogo, mas muito cheio de bugs. Nao recomendo a compra ate que eles consertem isso."
,Not Recommended,272470,10990459,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Limmir,It has good level design and interesting skill trees. However they do not compare to the amount of glitches this game has especially in co-op.  Have had two characters get quest frozen with no way to progress by level 14 with a level cap of 60. I could not imagine ivnesting so much time to get quest glitched and unable to progress.
76561197993054848,Not Recommended,272470,10847713,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ricardov_rijn,"the game is to short for the price , u can complete the whole game and search every corner in like 4 hours ,gameplay is nice"
,Not Recommended,272470,10852115,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,djgrimx,"An interesting story line, some neat, albeit repetitious, abilities on 3 different characters. I liked some of the side missions you are given, but ultimately got stuck at level 29 having beaten the game with no way to level to 30 to play on the harder difficulty. I'd recommend you start a character at level 30 if you choose to play."
,Recommended,272470,10835584,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Ducain,"This was mostly a response to the ""most helpful"" review at the time (which did not recommend the game) that became too long to fit in the comments.http://steamcommunity.com//profiles/76561198005772592/recommended/272470/I felt like the review in question mostly complained about items that the ARPG genre struggles with in general, not just Van Helsing.  With Van Helsing's fresh and numerous, unique additions though, I believe this to be a requisite title for any ARPG fan.It's not that I disagree with all of your assessments, but pretty much all ARPG's have problems with items #1-3 throughout in some form or another.I usually play a melee character, and other games usually treat melee badly (vanilla Diablo 3 comes to mind, at least compared to my experience with Barbarian vs Witch Doctor).  I was pleased to have a pleasant experience in Van Helsing 2 using a melee character.  I can't speak to mage balance because I balanced my DPS with plenty of defense/resist as a melee theme (no mana shield though).  I would sometimes get gibbed pretty quick, but I would usually see that there was dangerous stuff I didn't move out of (kinda my bad).  Plus, this game has a perk that lets you get a ""free life"" every 3 minutes where you turn into a ghost on the spot so that little mess-ups aren't such a big deal.  There's a trick that lets you vanish from all aggro as well.To touch on difficulty:  I played the game on Hard, but you can change it on the fly (which is nice) and you can get these unique trophies that modify the difficulty of the game in very specific tradeoff style ways (if you so choose).  My favorite was a trophy that gave +100 magic find, but mobs have 20% more HP.Van Helsing's storyline #3 is waaay better than almost all other ARPG in my opinion.  The quests, dialogue/voice acting, and story progression are probably only matched by Diablo 3 in quality.  Torchlight, Path of Exile, and other ARPGs barely have a useful story aside from framing mob slaughter.  It's not as good as every other game I've played, but it's top notch for ARPGs.  I see this as a highly subjective evaluation though, so I'm not as adamant about this as the other items.Endgame for #4 I can't speak to, because I usually just play through games once usually.  I haven't tried multiplayer #5, but I can see that would be a frustrating experience.In my experience with the hunter on hard for one play-through (no multiplayer), I would definitely recommend it.  I see that you had problems with the mage and maybe the gibbing gave a bad taste in your mouth playing at heroic difficulty.  When comparing it to other ARPGs, it's hard for me to see how a fan of the genre wouldn't enjoy experiencing Van Helsing and thus recommend others to ""give it a go.""   I really thought the unique elements of this game were refreshing and want to see a third one.List of other awesome stuff I love about this game is below.  I'll add more later whenever they come to mind as I'm playing the ""Ink Hunt"" DLC and replay the game using an Arcane mechanic.WASD movement option:I don't use WASDallthe time to move and attack, but it helps tremendously when kiting and in place of a ""move here"" hotkey.  By the way, they need to add a ""move here"" key, I was looking for it when I saw I could configure WASD (they currently have it defaulted as the up, down, left, and right keys.  You can also do another advanced move where you can use your mouse for things on menus (character/inventory, etc) while at the same time moving around precisely (where normally if you want to move, you HAVE to have clicked with your mouse on something).  Although I wish there was an option to make make the base keys move diagonally.  W should move the character up and to the right, the S key should make the character down and to the left, etc.  This is because most paths in top down isometric ARPGs like this usually have main paths pointing diagonally.  This default diagonal movement keeps the player from more often having to hold down more than one WASD key.The many cute easter-egg moments (this is just ONE example):In the ""Ink Hunt"" DLC I just saw two goblins in a Titanic-esque pose fall off the front of a boat in the air, embracing each other throughout their death fall.  Sadly, I was so stunned I didn't take a screenshot   :(Very easy to compare gear quickly:When comparing gear, by using a special option in the menu, you can see two different gear comparisons.  One comparison of base stat changes, and one comparison with all enchantments together.  This way, you don't always think, ""Wow I rarely get a decent upgrade!""  When, in fact, you've been comparing the gear using the enchantment and infused essences together in most games.Interesting Boss Fights:The bosses usually have some kind of special addition that I haven't seen.  Like in the Ink Hunt DLC, this boss shoots a fire beam out in an arc as one move, slams down from above with another move, and draws you in with a third move.  This is just one example, but at least the bosses aren't, ""They just take longer to kill"" (although they do take longer to kill).  Luckily there is also an aura that dramatically increases your proficiency (by 25%) when taking on elite mobs.Rewarded for paying attention to positioning:For instance, there are some mobs that have wind up attacks in front of them that can easily be avoided using direction WASD.  Other mobs will have a front facing shield (some of the mobs literally have a tower shield with a peeking window) that you must get behind to score more damage.  Other mobs will visually look heavily armored in the front, and you must move behind them and they turn slowly.  And I know what you're thinking, ""That'd be annoying to tell if the mob just has a buncha armor up front, that's a subtle tell...""  and you're right!  That's why they also add the front-damaging-reducing quality to the mobs description bar as well so that there's no confusion.  I like how the game rewards me for paying attention to positioning and taking full advantage of WASD + point-n-click synergy."
76561198079691557,Not Recommended,272470,10248296,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,buzzfrictions,This game crashes every minute in co-op and skills are bugged. Buy this game if you want to play it solo.It is at best 5 out of 10 game.I had I hope for this game.
76561198106965380,Not Recommended,272470,15990390,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,titanevolution,this game would be fun if it didnt crash and bug out all the time going from one area to another can make u crash when u fight people they will have know animation some times u can tp to a teamate or u might crash now this only happend while i was playing with a friend never played singal player so idk but i thought the game was fun but to many bugs i didnt even name half the♥♥♥♥♥♥that happend to us so i say get if if u dont mind lots and lots of bugs
76561198044011017,Not Recommended,272470,10238419,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Puff,"Many bug, much annoyance, very headache."
76561198006934852,Recommended,272470,17164170,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,-- ExotixisT -- (eks-ot'i-sist),"Recommended as a solo experience only. Not recommended for co-op play.The few hours I played alone were trouble-free, however having played through the entire campaign in co-op mode I can attest to the horrid multiplayer implementation. Expect various bugs, synch issues and crashes causing frustration and time-wasting, having to restart the game client often and in some instances restarting entire sections of maps.The above major issue blemishes an otherwise excellent title, with high quality artwork, gameplay and story, continuing directly fromVan Helsing I, which I recommend playing first for both the story and the character import feature, enabling continuation of the player's narrative.NB: Buy the Ink Hunt DLC for extended gameplay, ignore Pigasus.- Skinny from the Fat B*stard(curator link)"
76561197972908203,Not Recommended,272470,15868476,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Chaoticgenius,"With four people I have tried to play this at different times. In the second zone we have run into a variety of bugs EVERY time. It has been a year and there is still some MASSIVE bugs. Game breaking, unplayable, stuck on save from then on bugs.  I quit. I will not pay money to these guys again. I'm done. I loved the first game but I'm not exaggerating saying I've tried 10 times to play this game with people and had a different and game breaking bug every time. DON'T SUPPORT THESE PEOPLE."
,Recommended,272470,10736275,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,LonerD,good game. i wanna continue.
,Recommended,272470,13964274,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Lil' quack,"Very fun, good story, little less on the adventerous side, more of comabt focused, 8.5/10"
76561197998202182,Recommended,272470,10622794,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,_Panzer_X_OZ_,Hell Yaha!
76561198050858977,Not Recommended,272470,26330232,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,fabulousfreep,The incredibly bugged broken adventures of nobody because the game is unplayable. Game is too incrdibly buggy and broken for me to reccomend this mess to anyone.
76561197997097511,Not Recommended,272470,11002322,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Deadpool,Buggy gameplay. Impossible multiplayer settings. No fun to be had here.1/5*
76561198015357411,Recommended,272470,10397263,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,dront,Funny and enjoyable.
,Recommended,272470,11408320,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,lethalalex101,i absolutely love this game played the first one and got this one and i havent been disappointed yet
76561198000943852,Recommended,272470,10303995,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,pentotal,Good Diablo/Torchlight clone with a bit of tower defense gameplay added.Three different classes are choosable each of them can be further customized thanks to a rich skill tree.A single player playthrough takes about 15 hours.You can start a veteran game importing your character (including all skils and stuff) from the endgame or from the previous Van Helsing game.Technically is well done.Played on a i5 4670 16gb 780 Ti  obviously it was smooth as butter with all bells and whistles turned on at 1920*1200.Just for kicks I've tried it on a E8500 4gb 5870 with the same settings and resolution....had to turn off many graphical settings to reduce lag.
76561198043475341,Recommended,272470,13856385,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,jbowed21,"i picked this up because it was one of the few on steam i didnt have in the action apg. let me start by saying it looks good game play is good. it has the right feel and alot of good things. the one big issue is this. they dont change the look of your player with the armor or cape. the skills are mostly passive , i liked that, boosts and other changing buffs. the story is ok not great, voice acting is good. skills are nice to look at but they dont seem to have that yes that hit feeling when you used them. you have active buffs that have no animation. its a mixed bag. no d2 or torchlight but worth the money mostly. it needs a few fixes to show changes to what your wearing or actively useing. the sounds for skills need to be changed some and load times need to be inproved. the load times may be my system. my only real problem is that the fact that the armor and skills dont show when changed. it bugs the hell out of me and makes me feel like im playing a game from 15 years ago in spite of the rest of the good things. if d2 could show this there is no reason of any game like it made after it shoule not ."
,Not Recommended,272470,10514388,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,SMFC[Let's Speak English],"Cons :Too less skill points in the end to feel the powa..Even after Ink hunt I had feeling that game has not finished, last boss was kinda lame and not impressive. Ink Hunt is waste of cash 100% I was hoping to get there at least some quests with good number of skill points but got like 3 skill points thereStats you get from glory are total crap and are not worth to botherTower def missions are only fewArmy missions and army building is also few missions and thats allPros:Cool graphic.Suggestions:More levelsMore skill pointsBetter glory statsMore Ghost levels and skill pointsMore Chimera levels and skillsMore Tower def missionsMore army build missions"
,Not Recommended,272470,10890303,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Deejus Philbin,"Seriously, don't even bother wasting your time with this game. What you see in the videos is a totally different experience when you play. It just feels clunky and awkward. Basically flushed money down the toilet.-The hit detection is non existant. Enemies will literally just stand there, refusing to acknowledge the fact that you hit them.-The skill system is very poorly done.-The gameplay is probably the worst of ANY ARPG I've ever played, this includes Diablo 3.-The story could be amazing but honestly, I have no clue because the gameplay was SO BAD I had to stop playing.Seriously, if you paid more than a dollar for this game, you got ripped off."
76561197992229015,Recommended,272470,16004509,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Dire,"Is this game any good? Yes, yes it is, but it's definitely not ""great"". I still recommend it. Here's why:Pros:- Engaging story and characters (for an action RPG) with enough humour and charme to keep you entertained- Interesting setting (It's a mixture of the industrial revolution with magic and monster hunters), with interesting enemy design etc.- Gameplay is good enough- Diverse skill tree- Lots of items- 3 distinct classes (I think the other classes were in VH 1 as DLC). The traditional hunter, a flamethrower type guy with advanced weapons and a mage- 4 difficulty settings- Ability to import chars from VH 1 or create an ""expert char"" at lvl 30- ""Endless mode"" apparently- Low price point- Base of operationsCons:- The campaign is pretty short. I've beaten it on ""Casual"", because I'm not that interested in spending 20+ hours on this, in about 9 hours with every map fully explored. The story picks right off after Fulmigatis death from VH 1. This time you are up against General Harker, who takes over where the other villain died...well, eh. It's definitely necessary to view the VH series as a 3 episode game, because that's what it is. You're pretty lost without having played VH 1.- The story has 2 major problems:1. The main villain, General Harker, is seen only at the very end of the game and has not even 1 line of text in the entire game. What kind of villain. Wow...boring as hell. 2. It's obvious from the very beginning that Prisoner 7 is going to betray you and become the next villain...very predictable. Also, there is generally a lot less ""lore"" in the game than in VH 1..- The setting is still cool, but there is little new to it. I think a snowy peak and a spider level are the only new settings being used. The rest is typical wilderness and city...disappointed.- The gameplay isn't bad, but it's also not entertaining for long, unlike say Diablo 3, where you have several active abilities and augmentations that can be switched around for lots of combinations. Here you basically get a limited amount of skill points to use 6 active skills (of which I only used the heal for the hunter, because honestly, weapon skills seemed more important) and also, theoretically, 8 weapon skills (4 melee and 4 ranged). I say theoretically, because you can only unlock so many skills that seem useful in 1 playthrough, because you also have to level them up 10 times to get the ultimate augmentation for it and to improve its damage. Since I barely made it to level 28 in my first playthrough, I didn't have a lot of diverse skills, because, frankly, there are just so many of them and so many seem redundant. You can't just pick up a new skill and try it out, because it might be completely useless without the augmentations or without levelling it up, which makes the system rather pointless in my opinion. Again, Diablo 3 for example does a much better job of just giving you skills to play around with, without forcing you to invest loads of skill points that you can only get back through a respec which costs a lot of money.)- The crafting system: It's frankly very boring and apparently you cannot use the rune system until level 30, because items below that level can't be disenchanted for materials you need for runecrafting...that is seriously ♥♥♥♥♥♥.- There are lots of items. Unfortunately, maybe 5% of the items that dropped were actually useful to me, which makes the experience rather dull...for example, if your campaign is only 8-9 hours long and your players have to use the same weapon for 3 hours then you failed in making the loot system interesting...also dropping loot that a player can't even use, because he is level 10 and you drop a level 38 sword is supremely dickish...I still have that sword in my stash.- The game is imho not unique or interesting enough to play through again...so that is also a problem. There is no longevity.- Even on the lowest difficulty setting you can get killed very easily, repeatedly, which is also kind of frustrating, for example when you are facing 3 mighty enemies and can barely pierce their shields, but get instagibbed by their non avoidable ranged attack, that is bad game design. I don't mind a challenge, but the hordes Van Helsing throws at you are ridiculous at times.- The ""base"" gets annoying pretty quickly, because you get radioed frequently to return to base and complete some mission or whatever. Thankfully you do not have to do that...at all I think, dunno, you can also let your soldiers do the missions, but it interrupts the game flow pretty annoyingly and constantly.- Money does not seem to be an issue in this game and I have no idea what to even spend it on...save for resurrects.- The sound clipping is STILL present and is extremely annoying. Try a char who doesn't shoot with guns...*sigh*All in all Van Helsing 2 does not improve in any way upon Van Helsing 1. The only new addition I can think of is the base and that's really a minor feature. The story is less engaging, the novelty has worn off. There are still funny moments, but they are less interesting in general. It feels rushed out and as I said like episode 2 of the same game, which it apparently is, since now we have Van Helsing 3, which I will be testing now, and which probably doesn't have any changes in it either. It's a bit sad, because I think you could really expand upon the game's crazy setting, but eh...maybe 3 is better.Why do I still recommend it? Because it's a solid enough ARPG for almost no cost...it's cheaper than most games are even when heavily discounted. And for that it's good enough and entertaining for a short amount of time, especially if you want to continue your save from VH 1 (which I didn't have anymore, because not Steam and uninstalled, blah)."
76561198032528294,Not Recommended,272470,18275322,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Warriorsage,"By some miracle, I've avoided most of the bugs people are complaining about.  I also don't care about multiplayer elements, so that's not a detraction either.The story seems like a pretty good idea hastily thrown together.  Many plot elements have zero explanation, they simply ""are"".  There are loads of pop-culture references which border on fourth-wall breaking, and spice things up a little.  At many points there are FMV cutscenes between you and Katarina where you must make decisions on some things, such as doing something a certain way, removing armor from an altar, searching a body, etc.  These decisions never have a bearing on larger things, but it adds some appreciated variety.  The dialogue has hit or miss voice acting, but the game is definitely interesting enough.I made four different characters and constantly ran into the same problem over and over again.  Everything chugs along peachy-keen until you get your face put in the dirt and you're f***** right in the a**.  This is not a particular boss fight (as far as I had gotten anyway), it's always some innocuous-seeming group of mobs - too many mobs - that do it.The problem with this formula is that this is a completely linear ARPG.  There is no grinding for gear, or experience, or stats.  Reskilling is easy enough if you haven't spent too much money, but after awhile you get this creeping suspicion that the difficulty spikes are complete bull****, meant to breathe life into what is otherwise a tactically uninteresting game.Other people complain about the tower-defense elements, or the commander aspect where you send subordinates on missions.  While these things don't bother me, I do ask - why?  The game has only one ending, and these things have no bearing, but these are far more involved than sidequests, so why are they there?The skill trees are massive.  There are far too many abilities, and far too few points.  The progressive-skill design is complete nonsense.  Abilities not even remotely related to one another will be required to learn other abilities you may want.  It wouldn't be so bad to waste skill points like this, but like I said - no grinding.My biggest gripe however is the GUI.  The game has controller support which in my opinion dumbs down the interface by sheer necessity, and in my opinion cripples the game.  You essentially have 6 hotkeys, and both mouse buttons.  The function keys can swap certain abilities on the mouse buttons, but even though skills might be able to be bound, depending on what type of skill it is it MAY NOT BE USABLE ON THAT PARTICULAR BUTTON.  This means that certain skills can only be left or right mouse-bound, even though the game says otherwise.  Any particular class has literally dozens of skills, but using any more than 8 is punishing because of the occasional need to kite.  It all feels much clunkier than it should have been.So, essentially, the game would need massive retro-fitting to be a good LINEAR ARPG.  It simply breaks too many rules of good design with its self-imposed limitations to be enjoyable for very long, especially with the reality of games like Torchlight and Divinity: Original Sin.  Perseverance should be required for games like this as a matter of intelligence or discipline, not simply fighting the game's awkward systems."
,Recommended,272470,13916209,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Kotil Stonehead,"Thank you guys for this game. It's my favourite hack'n slash game so far. Love music, love humor and huge amount of tiny tiny features that keeps you enjoing even after hours of playing. Thank you for not being boring repetative dumb hack'n slash like competitors i.e. ""snowstorm"" production about ""hellboy"". A tons of skills, upgareds, modifications, enhancements, runes, addons, pets, companions, crew, army, base, radio, Silver hair witch hunter, random events and much much more. Even simple tower defence as a side quest  created something like ""woow"" factor on my face. I just simply didn't expect that. Most important for me is Co-op and I have to say it works pretty well, apart from the resistance army management (only a player who own the session have an access to it). Thumbs up and thanks for this. Looking forward to see the 3rd part."
,Not Recommended,272470,15400937,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Ty 哈,Just an improved game of the boring original one.Still boring.5.5/10
,Not Recommended,272470,32363256,Posted: 12 June,all,Cuban Pete,"Finished it like in 4 hours or something. They push you to buy the DLC's; you know the drill.. Anyways, it's not worth your money, don't buy it."
,Recommended,272470,17557340,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Zephkiel,"I won't write a long story.This game is the direct continuation of VH1, with an increased lvl cap.All the goodness of the 1, with even more possibilities.Most of the people here complain of bugs or whatever.Didnt have any."
76561197993460363,Recommended,272470,10241836,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,StudSteveBeave,"I loved the first game and I'm really enjoying this one too!  It also has great support, I had a game breaking bug, emailed the dev and he had my save file fixed and back to me in less than 12 hours!"
,Not Recommended,272470,18801632,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,The Returned,"Does not work on Mac. Starting a game does nothing, the 'Preparing to launch' window appears for a few seconds, and then... nothing. Don't buy if you're on a Mac."
,Not Recommended,272470,10215407,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Evelilyt,"A lot of people have the same problem - game doesn't start. It crashes at loading after movie. I spend a lot of time to find the solution and nothing helps. The only thing I found is dozens of comments about bugs. Guys, this is not beta-version and still it has a lot of bugs, not mentioned that many players can't start the game at all. Neocore lose the reputation. Some people in comments want their money back.This is not The Incredable Adventures of Van Helsing. It's The Incredible Headache of Trying Get the Solution or Van Crashing.So will you take a chance and buy this game? Cause you have 50% that it doesn't start.And still there is no russian localization.We all are waiting for fixes!UPD: Finally after hotfix I can run the game. What can I say... It seems like developers didn't optimaze the game at all... It looks like slide show on my computer (I played a lot of games with system requirements greater than this game and there was no problem). Still game has a lot of bugs.Considering all problems I think this is beta version not final release. So I suggest steam mark this game as beta version."
,Not Recommended,272470,10217086,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,SwitchBL8,"Can't say I like this new Van Helsing. Played VH1 a lot, replayed it and replayed it. But the game is more like a towerdefense game than an action rpg now. Wish I had spend my 15 euro on something else."
,Not Recommended,272470,24459035,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Mr Kitty,"i should have payed more attention to the fact it has mxied reviews. this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's feels extremely cheap and is very very poorly built. i bought it only fo the coop but in all honestly we played for about 2 hours before having enough of abuse that we shut the game down, permenantly. NO element of this game deserves a good score, graphics, sound, plot. gameplay. stay away from this. i'm glad it only cost me 15$ and not more. i'm not going to touch any of the games in that serries ever again."
,Not Recommended,272470,19201631,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Tillburg,More of the same... and the same and the same. Just play the first one and you're done forever.
,Not Recommended,272470,13274521,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,H. Harpoon,"the first one was shockingly fun, this one.... not so much.  Worth about 4 bucks if you enjoy the series.   Hope the third one is better."
,Not Recommended,272470,11386545,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,PaladinLuster,"In short, this game is fun but barely playable at times. Ever since the launch of this game, there has been an issue after another. Its much more stable now but i still cant wash the bitter taste of frustration out my mouth.The story line is fun but that is about it. Achievements are buggy, multiplayer is buggy, some mechanics are buggy... you get the picture.By this game at your own risk."
,Not Recommended,272470,11374557,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,shiro,"As a big fan of Van Helsing 1, i was waiting for this game,now that it's out there, i can tell you that the development for this game feels like it has been rushed.If there's is no patches to balance the game, fix the bugs, and etc..don't bother getting this game at the moment,although if you are a fan of van helsing as i am and just want to continue where you left,you will be served, this game is not bad by any mean, it is enjoyable,it is looking pretty, but if youre new to this series then i highly suggest youconsider buying the first one to get started ;)"
,Not Recommended,272470,11334816,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,TheSumofAllBeers,"Broken...This game has numerous errors that render it unplayable for a large portion of the people that own it. The devs have made no effort to fix the problem; the first game also had these issues. Most of the errors will not even let you start the game. After finding a huge number of forum posts with people with the same problem, there was no answer. No patch, no help. Buyer beware..."
,Recommended,272470,10204383,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Sexual Mufasa,Played through Chapter 1 tonight and it's already worth the money and a vast improvement over the first game
,Not Recommended,272470,15050001,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Sir Suckalott,Unplayable due to countless bugs stopping quest progress or access to new areas.
,Not Recommended,272470,13282089,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,rainf0x,Awful game. If you ever liked hack'n'slash you will be so much disappointed from this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197993327908,Not Recommended,272470,13716492,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,whats82,"A group of friends bought this game exclusively for our annual LAN event. Several hours in, one of us crashed at the load screen and was not able to join back in because ""Your character has not progressed there in story mode"". That killed it for us and we ditched it.If you're getting this game purely for the coop component, don't."
,Not Recommended,272470,13975156,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,King K. Rool,this game sucks♥♥♥♥
76561197987550463,Not Recommended,272470,15206508,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,COOKIE HUNTER,I bought this game to play co-op with the wife. So far our experence has been lack luster at best. The co-op suffers from too many glitches like: skills/abilities stop working and connection issues/disconnecting.The achilles heel for us is the skills and abilities which stop working/not responding. The affects the joining party member and not the host.
,Recommended,272470,12697141,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,wadihadramawt,"Not nearly as cheeky and clever as the first game, but the gameplay is modestly improved. Some fun coop monster flood, well worth the purchase price on steam sale."
,Recommended,272470,13049632,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,XPENDABLE,"Just like the first with a lot of new features. Improved user interface, more skills to choose from, new items, scrolls, captains awaiting orders for missions, and so on. A giant step in the right direction."
,Recommended,272470,14021105,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Hwestar,"Прогресс относительно неплохой первой части во всем. Уйма возможностей пооптимизировать, достаточно интересные механически враги, которые красочно умирают под красочным месивом спецэффектов. Любопытные референсы и умеренно хреновые шутки. В каком-нибудь бордерлендс пресиквел с этим все сильно хуже.Думал пробежим сюжет персонажами из сейвов первой части, но я по пути буквально утонул в возможностях рункрафтинга, прошел стори и остался на сценарии ради ""вот еще пяток миллионов/эпик рун и будет идеально"".  В итоге за 50 часов докачался до состояния когда фирлесс как изи и на этом закончил. Но порывы пройти еще раз и найти не найденные секреты пока не отпускают."
76561198007229722,Not Recommended,272470,10852166,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,atomdrake,"I really liked the first one fantastic story, great gameplay, and dynamic RPG elements. So, I was excited to try this one out. However, when I started it up the mouse cursor disappeared and I was unable to click on anything. After struggling for a few minutes, updating my GPU drivers, and rebooting the machine I tried again with the same results.Checking through the forums found that people have been complaining about this since launch last year. Turns out, the solution is to unplug any game controllers before launching the game.Why these developers think it’s okay to force gamers to alter their hardware because they’re too lazy to put an if block into their code is beyond me.Lazy programmers get no points from me, and certainly won't be getting any more of my money.0/10.Don't waste your time."
,Recommended,272470,14466043,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,General Glauca,"Very awesome game, you should give it a try as a gamer or even to new gamers out there."
,Recommended,272470,10633555,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,asd,Gucci
,Recommended,272470,10369601,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,MarikSi,great ending
,Not Recommended,272470,13920720,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,lil intro vert,Game is actually awful. My friends and I constantly crash during cutscenes and loading into the game. Mechanics are boring and repetitive. Save your money - Diablo 2 is better in every way.
76561198022820771,Recommended,272470,10233806,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,SocioPsycho,"The incredible adventures of Van Helsing is a Fun 3rd person hack and slash game. They improved much from the first game, not only in graphics but also command. The game is not perfect and has a few faults, but it stands on its own merits and supersede the first one. I enjoyed my time playing, as I look forward to future content and even, hopefully a 3rd Van Helsing in continuing the story. For a complete in depth look at what the game has to offer enjoy the video. Thank you for your time and for more reviews be sure to check out the channel here.https://www.youtube.com/user/SocioPyschohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yCIskQvNTSc&list=UU7_-PLIhjsEBwIQXqKxmNpA"
76561198086031440,Not Recommended,272470,15227033,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,vangogu,"I am a living room gamer; because I am a professional programmer I strongly dislike playing games with a keyboard and mouse -- it feels too much like work. A few weeks ago my son and I got bored with playing Reaper of Souls on Xbox One, and we were in the market for another ARPG of similar quality. We tried Crimson Alliance on the 360 and got bored with it fairly quickly.And then, WOOOSH: we discovered the first installment of The Incredible Adventures of ""Maester Van Helsing""! We were so excited that I took a day off to rebuild an older PC into a dedicated machine for my living room. Years ago I brushed off Steam as a failed experiment; but Van Helsing made me come back to it, and build my own Big Picture Steam Machine! Sure, the game's UI could use a bigger text size for those of us who like playing on sixty inch monitors from twenty feet away, but that's the only fault I found with the game (perhaps in Neocore's native Hungary big screen TVs have not been invented yet). Overall, the first Van Helsing game was a delight, and we put some fifty hours into it!Naturally, we wanted to continue the adventure and bought Van Helsing Two. Not just game number two, but two licenses as well since we were dying to try multiplayer.Now I wish I could put this nicely, but what en effing dissapointment!Van Helsing Two is a Piece of Crap.After being released roughly one year ago, it suffers from tens, if not hundreds of bugs. It is slow. Multiplayer sucks (it fails to update one player's screen correctly, randomly disconnects, etc). The added complexity of the Command Center minigame adds unnecessary confussion and bugs (you have invisible characters that will speak to you although they are away on a mission). The game crashes when you add essences to yout equipment.I could go on and on and on, and while I found the concepts, graphics and overall atmosphere of Borgovia enticing I cannot really recommend the game to anyone. The execution was obviously left to twenty year old incompetent programmers. And to be clear: when I say the game is slow, I mean that compared to playing the first game on the exact same 3.4 GHz AMD dual core machine that plays Van Helsing One without breaking a sweat.Judging by the rate at which Neocore launches new DLC and new games (Van Helsing Three is about to be released this year, and in between they made Deathtrap, a spinoff from the  Van Helsing series capitalizing on the Ink) they are more interested in taking our dollars than fixing the bugs in their existing games.Overall the game feels like a rough, unfinished BETA. Save your time and money and play something else -- even the early access version of Victor Vran is a better investment."
76561198057178713,Recommended,272470,13446969,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,T-Timo-T,"A short campain, but it's worth it because when you finished the campain as normal. you can do the campain again with the same champion but than on veteran."
76561198015147679,Recommended,272470,19577582,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Strandly,Gratuitous Diablo-like death and destruction!
,Recommended,272470,10689061,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,NoRemorse,Dude.
76561198027209660,Not Recommended,272470,16916374,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,groovieknave,"I didn't think it was possible, but they made this game worse than the first one. Highly, HIGHLY overpiced. See my review of the first game... it's exactly the same.Dear Developers,FINISH THE GAME BEFORE YOU RELEASE IT. You have 3 games now and haven't fixed the first one... I hate you."
,Recommended,272470,13893305,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Adam,"Well polished indie-ish title, great fun - I think better than the Diablo series in many respects."
76561198011834412,Not Recommended,272470,16665782,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Derida,"I recommend that dont buy it.if it hasn't a  lot of bug, it's great game. but it has critical bugs a lot.and this game's support is not responed my question."
76561198201808531,Recommended,272470,17060772,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Gak,"Nine hours into this game and I'm quite frustrated.I finished up the main story in VH1 and decided to play VH2. 1 seemed so short to me.Thankfully 2 picks up at the moment 1 ends and I was happy to see the story continue.My eletion turned to frustration over little things that could have been done better.DX11 doesn't work in game on my PC. There are massive pixelized blobs wherecharacters stand, right from the very first scene. Rolling back to DX10 fixed this.Every time I start the game I get pop ups from Microsoft and Steam recognizing it asthe first time I'm launching the game. Not a biggie. I just question why this happens.Mobs of monsters that pull you toward them, surround you and kill you when you can'tdo anything about it is not fun. As is elite type mobs who will one shot you the momentthey see you. This for me is a big design flaw. No matter what armor/weapons/skills you have,I have found these situation completely unavoidable...and too frequent.This is my main peeve for VH2. Balance is so erratic. To be fighting hordes succesfully onlyto be one shotted by a creature that barely enters the screen is just not right.Despite my downside problems with the game it has such promise.The addition of a Chimera pet was nice to see. You can send it on private missions andit will bring back items for you. You can even call on this pet to help you in your ownbattles, although it doesn't really seem to do anything but stay to the rear and tendsnot to help me. Perhaps further down the line it will start helping more.The defense mini games where you send commanders out into the field isn't what Iexpected in this game. They're quite fun but did take a while for me to get into.They build up some decent XP which is always nice.Katarina's wisecracks have been given a shot in the arm. She's much more vocal this time around.Her comments are always a treat to hear. The numerous pop culture references are, IMO, one ofthe highlights of the game.  The ""Private Bryan"" quest I'll be remembering for quite sometime...genius.Just like the first game it's beautiful to look at. Creatures and mechanical beasts are very welldrawn and animated. Frame rate for me suffers a bit when the screen is overloaded but It'sstill playable. I found I depend a lot on Katarina when this happens.Do I like it enough to recommend it? Yes. The story is a good one (but VH1's was a tad better).The flaws tend to frustrate me but I'm trying to overlook them. This is a fine game but, for me,1 was a much better game.With all its flaws I do enjoy playing. I'm not sure if it's to finish the game or to find outwhat Katarina is going to say next!"
76561198064714278,Not Recommended,272470,17048501,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,March_September,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!! YOU'LL JUST REGRET IT HOUGH I ENJOYED IT FROM THE START BUT YOU CAN NOT FINISH THE GAME BECAUSE OF BUGS THAT WILL♥♥♥♥♥♥YOUR ♥♥♥♥ OFF UNTIL YOU LOSE YOUR MIND AND QUIT THE GAME!! ALSO THEIR SUPPORT IS S*CKS AND NO ONE FROM THEIR DEV TEAM CARE FROM THE COMMUNITY'S ISSUE. WASTE OF MONEY INDEEED.
,Recommended,272470,10613609,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,luckytintinnz,"I enjoyed the first game and the sequel has been as enjoyable so far. Seems like there is more interactions between Van Helsing and Katarina this time, which is a plus since they are always amusing to listen to. Also there seems to be a lot more movie/game reference in this one. ""Saving private Bryan"" and ""You shall not pass!"" got me chuckled. Overall a fun ARPG and definitely a good value at $15."
,Recommended,272470,10240890,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,IDNoise,2nd is like 1st but better :)Interesting story.Better Tower Defense minigame.New companion\grind helper - chimera.Army management (just to rest some minutes between fights )MORE ENEMIES.
76561198047533476,Recommended,272470,10546619,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Valdi,"Not too bad of a continuation of the trilogy, But i still prefer the first one so far. They are both still buggy at times mainly co-op tho with quests bugging and stuff. still very playable but the bugs can be frustrating."
76561198038978650,Recommended,272470,10928804,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,CUBE,"Solid gameplay, nice graphics, beautiful soundtracks and a great variety of skills and builds to choose from. The runecrafting, enchanting and alchemy systems are beautifully done, creating a great balance between item crafting and farming. They give players access to powerful equipment if they're not lucky with magic finding.The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing (both 1&2) are comparable to Torchlight 2 and Diablo 3. I actually have had much more fun playing this game than I did Diablo 3 and I still am.9/10."
76561198004494086,Recommended,272470,10550034,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Kor,"An enjoyable game although possibly a little short.   The end game features help prolong play and hopefully the addition of more DLC will add to the experience.Gameplay is smooth, fast paced, and fun.   The skill system promotes experimentation and is not too punishing.   The crafting system is a little flawed in the fact that you find upgrades so readily you're outgrowing your crafted items too fast.Overall a good sequel and any ARPG would not regret buying."
76561198009849401,Recommended,272470,10230317,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,theblackfrog,"yep, even better than the good first one"
,Recommended,272470,10664014,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,The 1nteger,"Very early days but my first hour has being solid so far (completed the first one), at worst it looks like it's gonna be as good as the first if not better. The visuals are slighty better then the first, there seems to be many skills and tricks to unlock and try and Katarina is as a badass a sidekick as ever! I'll update as I get further along......heck, who am I kidding, I'm reviewing this 'this' early because I'm being original and asking you to checkout the 'first ever' Let's Play of this game by yours truly (it's not the first ever), what better way to see how awesome the game is, come on, you know you want to, otherwise you would be too busy playing it or trying to find out if it's any good, you wouldn't be sitting there reading this now, would you;)Let's Play The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing II (Blind Walkthrough) - S1 - Ep 1 of 3/Playlist"
,Recommended,272470,10676680,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Trick1961,Not only continues the storyline but adds some cool new features to an already great game.
,Recommended,272470,10521086,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Striker,"If you are a fan of the original Van Helsing like me this is worth buying. It's basically more of the same with solid gameplay, but a little less comedy and wit this time around. There are a number of optional tower defense side quests to break up the pace of the game a bit. I recommend playing this on a higher difficulty, I found the game to be very easy even on Heroic. At max level you have the option to either run Scenarios or Neverending Story like VH1. The scenario setup is different the the first game and rewards the player with stacking bonuses for complete a series of 6 scenarios. They also added in a few new twists like the Chimaera and improved skill trees and functionalities for Katrina. Overall a great game for the price that I definately recommend to fans of action-rpgs."
76561198020535145,Recommended,272470,10618157,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,kinseeker21,THis game capitalizes on the the first games strengths and adds more. This game gives you alot more freedopm and alot more control. Great game over all.
,Recommended,272470,10236512,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,(aethom)  ネコ im a cat,"The game remains mostly unchanged at its core, but the level cap's been increased to 60 and there are enough new skills and tricks to make the extra 30 levels not feel like a chore. I had trouble transferring my character over from the first game which is unfortunate, and like the first game there are a ton of bugged achievements, but I didn't run into any other issues. If you haven't played the first, I'd say skip it and get this one. Otherwise, if you just want some more ARPG action, this will fill that need."
76561197965544250,Recommended,272470,10589233,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,(=HK=) Mason_ Æ,"For those that enjoy action RPG's this one is well worth it! With a pretty extensive skill tree there is a large variety of ways you can build your characters and the type of roles you want them to take on whether it be tank, mage, ranged, or high damage and everything in between. For those that have played the first one will enjoy the fact that there is more than one character type to choose from and the story line to be just as entertaining if not better than the first, and for those who haven't played the first dont worry about the story part because there is a quick overview of what happend in the first and sums it up pretty well. has good replay value and the potential for even better replay value along with additional DLC that looks pretty cool but i havn't played any of those yet. this game also has some pretty cool side quest mini game type thing which is a cool tower defense with an action rpg twist along with some other unique features that make it stand out in its own way in the ARPG world."
,Recommended,272470,10212221,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Djb_gamez,"its a great game but it a shame i'm having optimisation issues worse than the first one. unplayable at the moment for me until i figure it out. 8 cores and 32gb ram and im at 1fps at minimum settings =[ but my personal issues do not reflect on this game! buy it play it! for the price it should be £30EDIT: I fixed the problem, i went in to the steam folder and ran the x64 version rather than the x86 version and it works like a dream.  Back on max settings and no framedrop :D"
,Recommended,272470,10295497,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,sideways408,Honestly i really like this game. I have played them all from Diablo 2-3 to PoE to Torchlight to anything else you can think off. This game sticks out more then any of those games and has alot of unique stuff to it that i am still discovering and has alot to offer to people who like build variety and loot.Out of the 32 games i own on Steam this is my favorite. I am defintely supporting this game from now on.
,Recommended,272470,10416376,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Unrelentless,"Great game with a terrible ending....Extremelly fun and challenging and even funny at times.A few very interesting builds possible although early game is pretty limiting in choices.Veteran mode recommended.Harder difficulties require more kiting than necessary but all in all, a very fun game.Personal Score 85/100"
,Recommended,272470,10715226,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Twunk,"The first game of Van Helsing got me hooked. It looked and felt like Diablo 2, the gritty atmosphere and the RPG elements.This is what got me initially interested in the second game of Van Helsing.Well I've recently completed the game and I've got to say that it did not disappoint. The second game has got bigger levels, harder enemies, more skills and items to play with. Than you've got loads and I mean loads of ways to combine items with essences and enchants and runes.Although the final boss battle did disappoint a bit in comparison to the other boss battles, overall I still would buy this game."
76561197974423604,Recommended,272470,17874741,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,rickstir09,Liked it...
,Not Recommended,272470,20719266,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Geist,The game is very fun 1 very big problem that i have not able to fix or come across one is it crashes alot :/
76561198063185839,Recommended,272470,16123555,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Barkly the Basketball,I like it :D
76561198073247569,Recommended,272470,12591130,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Raindance,"Solid ARPG with witty dialogue and the potential for hundreds of hours of replayability. There are a number of faults, but the game is overall quite enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,272470,14393623,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,ArcticDragon,"Van Helsing 2 is when it works a very fun game much along the lines of torchlight 2 and Diablo.  It doesn't take itself very seriously as far as plot but has good amounts of items and skills for character customization.  That is however, when it works properly.  I cannot leave a review for single player because I neither played it nor intended to play it when I purchased VH2.ProsFunny DialogueDiverse itemsMany skill choicesGood UI and ArtConsMultiplayer has a problem every few hours (crash or desync) when playing with only one other person for the entirety of the game.No mod supportAll in all this game pushes me to the exact edge of what I am willing to put up with, I've had to redo parts of the game because of crashes and change which of us is hosting just to continue.  On the other hand it has all of the things I like about loot driven AARPGs when everything works.  In conclusion you might want to wait to buy this game until is more stable if it ever gets there, or just find another AARPG there are lots of them."
76561197981532595,Recommended,272470,12766166,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,merlin4711,"Well... I got this during the Spooky-Game-Halloween-Event at a reduced price. And I'm glad that it wasn't this expensive. It's not that it's incredible bad or something like this, but... I can't put my finger on it.Let's name some points I kept in my mind.It's hard. Okay, I might not be the most veteran ARPG-Player. Maybe hard doens't fit at all. It's balancing is kind of strange. Those who played it will remember a given mountain with some krystal-golems at its top. Playing at Normal I made my way up there and performed not this bad. But.... when stepping inside some given secret laboratories, where you may get you very own second companion... it just was like I swiched to Extra-Hard difficult. On step out of your spawn-point and get mauled in a matter of split seconds? seriosly, dafuq?And switching to causel made this even more strange. Most time its kind of boring, but at all I play for the story waiting to unfold more than playing for the monster-hunt. But then, suddenly, Instant-Dead because of I don't even know. Or monsters that take so much damage I wonder if they got a Zero to much when getting their hitpoints. Just to meet something that was supposed to be a Boss (certain spiders), but that went down in a matter of seconds. Strange.Maybe I performed this bad because of the fact I never used one of these essences or even the runes. Why? Well, most time it just didn't work. Combining essences? Well... somehow, yes, but wait, why did I get something I just can use as soon as I will reach level 40?Applying Runes? Insert here, place there... the Forge-Key remain greyed out. Dafuq?*sigh* Sometimes I wonder how stuff like this slip trough a honest form of quality-control. Wait, no, I can imagine. Because the guys who tested this were able to ask. Maybe its incredible simple to do rune-smiting and stuff, if you just watch out for a nifty litty thing, that wasn't in the quick-tutorial...Anyway. I liked these two protagonists (Fluffy ^^), and for the next weeks I will recall words as ""incredible"" in a very special idom. Unfortunally I missed part One and be afraid that this may be necessary to understand what really happens there. And... seriously, anyone out there who played this who didn't know from the very first moment what absolut unforseeable plot-twist some time in the game will appear? I just waited the whole game for this to happen. And finally...Well. Get it? Or leave it? Hard to say. Some day I will give the arcane dude a try, but for now I won't play any more, because the story has been told. I really liked all that stuff you may find at these maps. especially that rebel-logo in that factory ^^ And I wasn't disappointed with the loot it hide.But... well. It's a nice story, it contains funny moments (""just pretend we didn'T saw anything"") and so on... But at least these rebellion-captains are a bit static, as  the whole hideout.Aw... just drifting away. That game has much potential, but I didn't played out all of this. Grab it, when you like ARPGs and don't mind unspecial Skill-Trees and stuff but like a good novel to play.Greetings"
,Not Recommended,272470,16612467,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,piranuy,"It would be fun unless the game have so many critical bugs that prevent you from continue to play. I like coop games and that what I had to experience in this one:- 3-4 quest bugs that prevent you from playing further and you can fix it ONLY in single player mode (goodby my partner)- quests sometimes didn't counted as completed for my partner, so next time when he would host instead of me we have to replay the quest again- game crushes during important locations loadings that led to quest being no counted as completed. The person that tried to connect to you after that will get message that he didn't ""progress till that moment in the game"" and had to host the session because of that so we could replay this quests.- ""breaking"" things worked only first time and then even the companion couldn't break themThe first game was good, but after that I will not buy 3rd part fearing the same buggy experience."
76561197998177676,Not Recommended,272470,17572935,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Hassat Hunter,"1 word: SummonsSo sad, since it's tainting a pretty good game. One would think a smudge wouldn't undo a good game, but this is one giant attrocious ""enjoy your single-digit-FPS"" sucking all enjoyment out of the game smudge.And while not changed, I can't with a honest heart recommend this game to you..."
,Not Recommended,272470,20408333,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,kiwkiboo,"For mac user, this game cannot run on mac even it said so. It crashed right after I ran it. You can check the steam forum because I am not the only mac user who had this issue"
76561198093030286,Not Recommended,272470,16208632,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Suppsy,dosen't even let me play that's how good it is!!
76561198002691647,Not Recommended,272470,10687737,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,lorne,"Alright, but the game takes a couple hours to really pick up. The game has a couple good points, like the item crafting systems, and it is much better balanced than Torchlight 2, but it crashes every hour or two on my computer and there's no way to manually save, so the game involved a lot of repeating the same 30 minute segments."
,Recommended,272470,11431718,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Wrathinside,"Good mixture of quality and price.Slavic folklore plot/creatures, steampunk atmosphere, funky humor, tons of slapstick tributes - nothing less than Bordlerlands level of fun for campaign progression.Diverse way to build a character with skills, perks and item customization. Endgame grind isn't steep, especially for certain builds, but at least that's what you can do now and by yourself, not after hundreds of hours and with prayers to RNGesus.Scenarios for now are pretty limited, not that much room for replayability as some other RPGs provide. But there could be updates, there is still Tower Defense mode, there are missions for your captains - things NeoCore can polish and introduce later.They have already done magnificent job with part two, which looks like a really sophisticated version of the original, and just after a year. I have my hopes that they will keep evolving their new franchise.It's not a brilliant game, but it's much better than D3 at the point of release, and it's not much behind TL2 in terms of gameplay. But it's much cheaper and more unique than either of them, so if you want something fancy from an ARPG - go for it."
,Recommended,272470,24099939,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Gaspari,"As with part I, many negative reviews are related to multiplayer. I play 1p, and it works great. I prefer bringing a charter up to level 30 in part 1, then importing and playing through part II. It really only has replay value to the extent that you master character classes. If you win with a character, you can easily re-spec and try other skills. Still, easily worth the money. My favorite part is in the latter stages of the game where you're defending tunnels. Traps are fun."
,Not Recommended,272470,15668166,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,spooky,There is no difference between 1st part of the game and this one.
76561198079417298,Recommended,272470,10469004,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,zeromadx3000,very great game
76561197991964811,Not Recommended,272470,18933409,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,jbrady1,If you are a windows 10 user beware.  I ran this on two seperate windows 10 machines and had constant lock ups and crashes.  I literally could not play more than two or three minutes without a crash.  I loved the first Van Helsing and really wanted to play this one.
76561198009025108,Not Recommended,272470,16265181,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Gozu,
,Recommended,272470,21309266,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,𝕮𝖗𝖍𝖎𝖘,O jogo e espectacular pena ser curto!
,Recommended,272470,16910546,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Lif3less,"""Van Crashing II""The saga continues!"
,Recommended,272470,10242045,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,RavenHrt,"Really great game. I loved the first one, just too short in my opinion."
,Recommended,272470,10784761,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ChaosDom,Fun and ingaugingluv the jokes and gameplay is enjoyable
76561197963100617,Recommended,272470,10220987,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Burglebunny,Best arpg since Diablo 2.
76561198045291203,Recommended,272470,10247302,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,ensignedwards,"Very fun, charming game. Improves on the original in almost every way, and the original was pretty good, too. While the original was mostly a generic (though well-executed) Diablo-clone, Van Helsing 2 adds a lot of original mechanics (resistance management, expanded tower defense mini-game, and some truly insane boss fights) to really establish its own identity in the genre.For $15, you'd be a fool not to buy it."
76561197970505921,Recommended,272470,10227233,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,knives909,Definately recommended for people who enjoyed the first game.
,Recommended,272470,10237854,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Deeviant,"This game is amazing and it is just so well done. If you like Diablo 2 ish Action RPG's with a strong focus on single player, GET THIS GAME."
,Recommended,272470,10254052,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Skaryn,"Much like the first part The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing II  has a cool story, good gameplay, fun quests and loveable characters with great voiceacting. The mechanics and overall style do remind of Diablo but this game has so much more to offer! If you like atmospheric Hack'n'Slay games you can buy it with a clear conscience."
,Recommended,272470,10365040,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Rezon8r,"Played the hell out of the first game. Loving this one even more. THe only thing I wish they would add is controlelr support. It may just be me, but I really liked playin the first game with my gamepad."
,Recommended,272470,10405444,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,BadGerMan,"Great game, a lot of content and features. Had a blast playing it and an absolute steal for the price."
76561198053839059,Recommended,272470,10428700,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Gazza,"as good as the first one if not better.enjoyed the 1st so liking this one aswell.i like these sort of rpg games  ie diablo, torchlight so forth.so no brainer for me bought it."
76561198082364032,Recommended,272470,10231909,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,reed21868,"I just finished the story and If you played the first and liked it, get it because it's more awesomeness.If you played the first and liked it, know that some of the problems with the first have been fixed like enemy variety and such.Fantastic game, loved every bit of it and I'm glad they continued to work on this series after the first one. Starting a new character is actually a little more intuitive for people who want to start with a more pre-defined class since you can get a bit more specific right off the bat. You can transfer your old characters provided they're level 30 I think, which is great even though it's practically a necessity.They added in runes for your weapons and armor, at least I don't remember it being in the first game, and I havn't messed with it yet but the interface and process seems easy to do. There are no clunky systems, every part of the UI is simple and easy to use, plenty of loot to grab, high replayability, EXCELLENT voice acting yet again, combat and skills are satisfying and fun to play with, great soundtrack, etc. Also, SUPER FUN if not revolutionary tower defense mini game missions, and great little easter eggs galore. This studio knows their audience very well and loves to put in tons of winks and nods (sometimes full blown call outs, they're that blatant) to stuff we love including lord of the rings and even batman, among other things. Tons of awesomeness in this game, I promise you. Also, this game is a STEAL at 15$, you can't go wrong with this if you're looking for a great arpg.Now, my only real complaint is actually a kind of compliment: I liked this game so much that it's length left me disappointed, but I'm guessing that the production strategy neocore is going with is to sell each chunk of the series at such a low price so that they can actually stay afloat to make the whole series. I'm guessing they're not a huge studio so this is probably just what they have to do. Something else minor (at least to me), is that there's occasional screen tearing and the odd bugs here and there but nothing game breaking, so I didn't mind it much.All in all, I give it a 4.75/5, I loved the hell out of it. Can't wait for the 3rd game."
76561198044565336,Recommended,272470,10236438,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,VanityGames,Fun GAMEPLAY.. they just need to build onto multiplayer content! Make Multiplayer more interactive.
,Recommended,272470,10238395,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,wefllagn.OVO,I died and pressed respawn at Lair.My character just decided to take a nap on the ground next to a bunch of zombies and whirling death machines.10/10 Game
76561198010757578,Recommended,272470,10239057,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Grim_Reaper,"great game but i do recommend that players play part 1 first,or you miss alot of the story.all in all a great game very good storyline and you addapt the char the way you want to play"
76561197981595160,Recommended,272470,10923984,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,nova_aus,I picked this up on a whim and was surprised at the depth of the story and character customisation. I really enjoyed the optional tower defense missions that were scattered throughout the story. I highly recommend this game if you are in to action rpgs.
76561198009588556,Recommended,272470,10231944,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Rhino,Great game!  If you like ARPGs this is a pretty well done and rich one.
,Recommended,272470,10257404,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,KingRat,"A solid 8/10In few words: hell of a fun. The graphic is good, the maps are spectacular, the story is interesting (but predictable... but hell, its an aRPG), skill are varied. The gameplay, buffing up your items are addictive.Pro:- A minor point, but you can import your character from the first game. But, to be honest, it a must-have part of a three episodes game.- Runecrafting, itemcrafting and alchemy. All makes a big, comfortable item buffing system.- Skill tree is much bigger... but on the con, I found myself using only 2 new skills- Chimera, resistence management is fun, giving tasks, sending your Fluffly little monster on hunts.- Easter eggs made me laugh many times, which is rare.- Graphics are good, runs smoothly on my 3 years old laptop with medium setting.- Tower Defence games- Witty, nicely written one-liners, funny dialouges- Actions all the way from the beginning to the end.- Revamped scanario mode.Cons:I am sad... because most of the ""pro"" points are sometimes cons.- I collected so many craft items, i simply didn't use them. Just hoarding, hoarding and that's all.- Small bugs: typos in skills, item names, quest subtitles jumping up and down.- Chimera skill didn't prove to be useful. I made Katarina my tank with great dps. And chimera always got injouries on it's hunts.- Tower defence: it was a great addition, but felt they put all of them in the first half of the game... and none in the last half.- No sings of PvP multiplayer.Yet, with all it's flaws I love the game. 12 hours of action, new scanario mode. The studio LOVES it's games. The try to fix the bugs, learn from their mistakes. Keep up the good work, count me in for the third game"
76561198060715853,Recommended,272470,10259038,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,SGT.NutBuster,Amaing ARPG
76561198019170874,Recommended,272470,10225359,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,chevmech,Awesome game.  Fantastic loot and scoot with a side order of tower defense and mini-games.  Almost too much content to process.  Easily the best in the genre to date.
,Recommended,272470,10229734,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Grympel,"Just like the first version of Van Helsing this is one epic game and if not the best then at least one of the best co-op games made. It's sad that such a great game is crippled by network issues, would think they had learned from the first version by now and sorted it.Solo score: 6/6Multiplayer score: Currently not working good enough to rate!"
,Recommended,272470,10237519,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,[FF0000] Acilina,"Now that they patched it and I can actually start the game, I come to find there's no controller support.Now, I know it's just a minor thing, but if they could have full controller support in the first game, why can't they have it in the second? I absolutely hate playing with a keyboard, especially with the large laptop I have, and it really deters me from trying to enjoy the game.Aside from that, I'd have to say I'll recommend it for the benefit of the doubt."
,Recommended,272470,10245404,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Capocuoco,"this game is insanly good if you're into action RPGs this is the game for you. first off you don't need to play the first one to understand the story. this game has all th things that RPGs need huge skill trees, lots of character costimization, a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of weapons, differet class to choose from, and a bueatiful world. every item changes the way you want to play. leveling up in this game works so well. this game is such a good buy for $14.99. did i metion its awesome!"
,Recommended,272470,10464992,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,gaudy47,"Awesome interface, good difficulty, loot gallore... whats there not to like? Just hang on listen to the story and enjoy the ride"
,Recommended,272470,10774407,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Deano,"NAIIIIZE, i be farmin dem Godly weps n stuffz, taking me ages tho :/"
,Recommended,272470,10227731,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,MrPeters,"An excellent game well worth the cost.I've so far played around 16 hours and it's only getting better.There's a lot of content including, but not limited to, Tower Defense, squad management (Sort of, you send out characters who do mini side missions for you), Chimera hunting (You send it out on mini side missions in order to get items, gold and making it gain experience in order to make it stronger, you can also summon it into battle) and the main part which is the ARPG story.Once you've reached a certain level you unlock a trophy room and scenarios (Think D3 adventure mode-ish).You can choose in the option menu if you'd like enemies to respawn or just let the areas stay empty once you've cleared them (immersion).As of now, the game is a bit buggy but if you check the forums you can see that the developers are working hard to fix it and I have yet to encounter any game breaking bug, I've only encountered three bugs so far but they're barely noticable (Two includes traps in the Tower Defense which makes them useless but they're not needed in order to complete it).I'm playing on Hard and my specs are (Max graphic, no framedrops and no crashes).i7-2600k 3.4GHz (rev 2.0)8gb RAM (ddr3)Windows 7 64bit (x64)GTX 580 (1.5gb)Sabretooth P67 (motherboard, don't remember which rev.)Feel free to ask questions."
,Recommended,272470,10235806,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Higurashi,"A great sequal to the Van Helsing series!! This time more weapons, more monsters, more skills, level cap increased to 60, Lots and lots of quests and achievements!!! The story it self is really in depth, you are part of the resistance and you command an entire army!!! Long Live Le Resistance!! :D Haha Great game two thumbs up!! Must play the first all the way through to understand the story, but i really recommend this one!! If you love the first this one is BETTER!!! XD"
76561198006607005,Recommended,272470,10248156,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Kernowace,"Better than the first one, and the first one was Awesome"
,Recommended,272470,10237361,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,[dhcp]Silicon,Even more fun and with better graphics than the first!
76561198055669339,Recommended,272470,10222776,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,EmVande,"I am only 10 levels into the game as a hunter and I can tell that I'm in for a hell of a ride. The combat is great and the game is beautiful, any fan of action rpg's has to have this game."
76561198068660042,Recommended,272470,10230509,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,winddragon247,"great game so far, fairly deccent story, but i would hope that they will release a patch or update that will allow full controller support"
76561198049949176,Recommended,272470,10235031,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Kyarah,"After some trouble on the day of release the game now works perfectly for me and is as amazing (so far) as part I was! If you enjoy dungeon crawler/hack&slash games with a good exciting story and funny voiceacting, this is the game for you! Damn, I wish I didn't have to get up for work tomorrow so I could play more! ;)"
76561198033539154,Recommended,272470,10265640,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Gears of Halo Theft Auto Five,This has been a great buy. To me it feels like a champions of Norath or Baldurs Gate game just with steampunk elements in it.
76561198086901008,Recommended,272470,10274152,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,chiken,"Fun campaign, fast paced game and good in co-op and multiplayer."
,Recommended,272470,10782782,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Dynosphere,"Did you like tIAoVH 1? If so, buy it!More seriously - It's part 2 of the trilogy, continuing the story from the first game.As an ARPG, brilliant, 3 classes, and loads of ways to build your character.Musical score is outstanding, graphics are up to date (Better than path of exile by leaps, can't compare to D3 as haven't played), story i'll reserve judgement on until the trilogy is complete. Your sidekick AI Katarina is outstanding (as a character) and the back-and-forth between the characters is enjoyable to listen to.Its what a sequel should be - continuing the story of the first one while improving upon it. The combat has been streamlined (as in control is easier, more fluid and natural whereas it is a bit stiff in Van helsing 1 when managing multiple spells and rage points).The downside is bugs - they are there and some people have issues with crashing; however this hasn't been a serious problem for both me and my partner after spending well over 100 hours cooping the game (gradually reaching the 100 hour mark per game). Also the devs are very active in the forums and pretty snappy at responding to peoples issues most of the time.Game is longer than the first one and considerably more in depth lair now, ""end game"" arguably needs work, however its an ARPG endgame generally consists of replaying and gear grinding, gear grinding is facillitated through nightmare scenarios and neverending story.If you like ARPGs and haven't played either, give the first a go but bearing in mind the second is considerably improved. If you enjoyed the first and are holding off for some reason - stop that and get it."
76561198065666437,Recommended,272470,10232700,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,kobun26,the game is a lot of fun i recommend it to any arpg fan and i have not any issue with multiplayer like the first game
76561198025649956,Recommended,272470,10236861,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,MuppetKicker,"This has been a fun game. Still has bug's, but nothing major so far. I have injoyed the amount of things you can do with items. Change the look, abillitys, name. You can upgrade them or break them down. They have put a lot of extra things for you to do, as well as find."
76561198124975036,Recommended,272470,10412858,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,dzdncnfsd73,"i finished game and what a great time killer that was , unfortunetly steam doesnt have the achievments working ( what a shocker there right  lmfao) wish steam made their games on their server better and i had to use forums to get this game going , only site i have a problem playing games but anyways van helsing 2 def a great buy at the price , awesome gear drops in every map , lots of gold and lots of mobs. 9/10 for me . Oh i have to mention they have mad skills , tons of skills you can learn you wont be upset at all , some great skill effects too"
,Recommended,272470,10216720,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Eltwong,"I haven't played the first one but from previous reviews it was pretty great. I've playedthis a few hours and all I can say is this is what Diablo 3 should've been... Diablo 3 right now is pretty much hand-held gameplay with linear builds. This game gives you specs for both you AND your merc! So far it's fun although the people who've joined my open game have been less than communicative. Looking forward to building the fastest shooting glass cannon hunter I can! :)PS. I'm down to play with anyone, just let me know!"
76561197963648068,Recommended,272470,10454296,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,sKorpion,"Excellent!every bit Van Helsing... but more.more spells, better gear, more game modes, better AI, etc etc etctruly brilliant!nothing but love for the franchise :)"
76561198067968218,Recommended,272470,10223493,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,DrKnow,I was very impressed by this game.  The only negative thing I have to say was the download size which is 20 gigs.
76561197988527477,Recommended,272470,10233050,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Kehllendros,.
,Recommended,272470,10245666,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,iustinp,"You can import you character (yay!), the graphics are nice and the gameplay awesome."
76561198004622597,Recommended,272470,10255755,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,andrewv94,"Great game, so great I will be playing it at least 3 more times to try out the different characters. Everything I loved about the first one, only expanded and made more memorable here. Cannot wait for the third one"
76561197987173297,Recommended,272470,10464945,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Rajcze,"Well I liked the first game. But it was too short in my opinion. So I bought this second one and it is even shorter :-( Thats first thing. Second thing - IT ISNT A NEW GAME. I would rather say that it is datadisk to first one. Some new (and I must say cheap) story with very poor ending, new weapons, some new skills, abilities and features and almost same UI - those dont make a new game. And last criticism from my side goes to Katarina - where the hell is her humour?! :-) Pluses: as well playable as the first one. Same good dark atmosphere. Plus I liked ""tower defense"" minigames in tunnels.68%If you like hack and slash RPGs try the first Van Hesling first - it was slightly better - if youll like it - buy also second one."
,Recommended,272470,10804209,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,ZeddiZ1,"After playing the first one, and being a big fan of what I call Diablo Esque games, this one is a pleasant suprise, its got a rich story and a rich background, rather enjoyable, the classes differ enough in that there is multiple play throughs even with the same class.Theres hidden secrets to find, the Tower Defense mini Quests are alot of fun, the Captains and their Resistance missions, whilst rather basic, still adds a bit of depth to the game.I'd have to rate the game a 7/10"
,Recommended,272470,10208914,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Taco Da Ags,I think they fixed it i finally got my game to work its pretty fun still really buggy. i wouldnt recoomend to play if you want a game you can buy download and play right away with out bugs. still the buggiest realeses ive ever seen. and still filled with them.
76561198024825883,Recommended,272470,10402467,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Toradako,The first game was a treat in Van Helsing mythos in an action RPG immersed in a steampunk world.Van Helsing 2 is a refinement of that keeping the richness and wit of the first.Item crafting/modifications are as complex as ever.Eagerly awaiting the post-beta release.Great work so far NeoCore!
76561198035761529,Recommended,272470,10410675,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Tarjaic,"Tons of loot and gear, would like to see more classes and longer story but great game overall."
76561198066063730,Recommended,272470,10765539,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,goW1LD,"Great game overall. I was really impressed by the graphics and all the special effects. The game is beautiful with nice colors.The combat is interesting with all the possibilites and the liberty to skill some skills on Van and Katarina.I like to play games that are hard and in Van Helsing, we can pick 1 of 5 difficulties and the higher ones are a great challenge.I was a big Diablo 2 fan and I played some D3, I'd say this game is pretty unique and deserves the attention to all hack and slash fans"
76561197962876401,Recommended,272470,10877600,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,[ZH1]Aztek,Awesome game! - Reminecent of Diablo 3!
,Recommended,272470,11242476,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Omeron,"let me start off with saying that they fixed a lot of my complaints from the first game. they story was pretty lackluster, but lets face it this is an action rpg and none that i can think of have a good story. all classes are now free, when you get legendary drops as rewards from bosses you can always use it for either you or your ally. you can respec anything about your character if you dont like it(yay perk resets). they extended the skill trees and modified thier system to allow you to use more skills. now for the things they didnt change but should have. i still use my ally as a buff totem, and the rage system encourages me to not spend any rage(benefits include 3% lifesteal, 10 mana per hit, and +17% damage). everything said and done im going to give this game an 8 out of 10 as action rpgs are not really for the story, and there are still a few things wrong with the game, but they left it open for a 3rd game so heres hoping they fix the rage system and usefulness of the companion."
76561198088953558,Not Recommended,272470,14718878,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,mujeebster,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!There are random, quest-breaking glitches at multiple parts in the game. Whether it's pathfinding, objective-marking, object collisions, etc., there are too many for me in good conscience to ever recommend this game to anyone, ever. Yes I played the first one and hated it, but I half expected the devs to learn from their mistakes and create a quality product for the second game. I was 100% wrong, it's considerably worse.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!My character gets stuck running, the game crashes after loot drops, dialogue is drawn out and pointless; the slowest talkers are given walls of text to speak. It's either you're interacting with 3 feature length films, or you skip it and lose interest quickly in an already convoluted plot. Can't get drawn into anything when half the time you're waiting for everyone to shut up so you can hopefully get through the next battle glitch-free.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!It's not done, and if it IS the second of a trilogy, part 3 will forever go unplayed by me."
,Recommended,272470,20102373,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Bale,1. Great graphics and sound effects.2. Funny follower and yet very annoying at times.3. Great skill trees and builds.4. Rewarding loot.5. Replayable values.9/10-1 since I am too powerful in game. I need to die.
,Recommended,272470,23036848,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Piszozo,As good as other games of the series
76561198092169073,Recommended,272470,12895725,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,awesomeness1974,"This game is incredible, i personally prefer it compared to diablo 3. They did an amazing job on the storyline and cutscenes, although there is minor glitchs where the game would crash in certain spots or being stuck in one spot.Overall though Amazing game definatly recommend it! :D"
,Recommended,272470,13326030,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Solidus Snake,Bought it at $7 during the sale. It was the best buy ever. Beautiful Graphics and gameplay. Love the storyline. Recommend it to everyone.
76561197984638483,Recommended,272470,12870255,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Matthew,"If you like diablo style games, think of this one as the best diversion you can get. What i mean by that is that it's not quite a game you can play for 700 hours and still feel like you need to get that ""one last item to round out your build"" it's more of a game where you play through it's 2 or 3 times, 30-40 hours later you are done with it. Loot is solid, however the quantity of loot also means that you rarely find the thing you know was an ""awesome drop"" it's more a case of constantly equipping and enchanting the latest and greatest. Although there are some pretty cool items every now and then that break that rule.The world and graphics are purposely desaturated and have a steampunk kind of vibe to them. The game can crash quite easily, and there are things that prevent it from running if you don't have a certain runtime or soundcard driver or (insert reason). And that's a shame, one day you may wonder what everyone is talking about when they say it crashes a lot, the next you find out what they are talking about and get just as frustrated as them at the game simply not running.The game uses a 32bit and 64bit runtime, and the 64bit in van helsing 2 is not quite the big difference in performance than it was in the original game. Both run fine, perhaps the subsequent patches have helped that respect. The games import option was originally not working, and you had to start a high level build, that has since been fixed so i won't hold it against the game. The sequel is a better all around game, bigger, with more to do. The original has been patched to be in line with VH2, whereas it originally was a ""one playthrough game ends"" game. Which severely limited the games lasting power to about 6 hours. Now that those issues are addresses and you can play again, with new characters and item drop chances - and also you can play through the first game and then import into the second. My score of both games (since they are connected now) has improved.The first game get's a 7/10 the second game get's a 8/10, if they manage to make the lasting power and game size of the third game as big as the first two combined. That'll likely get a 9."
76561198073592891,Recommended,272470,12931275,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Fernaliciousness,"Great game. The only probleme is that it feels like a big expansion and not a new game. Sill, if you liked the forst one you'll like this one."
,Recommended,272470,12661631,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Curdle_Sanders,"A step up from the originial in my opinion. I continued my game with my original character and had a blast. Didn't test out any of the new classes, but much expanded and polished verison of the first game which was good."
,Recommended,272470,13010321,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,GuiJay,"The incredible references of Van Helsing II is an honest action-RPG that doesn't try to break the mold. It's a bit short, but still enjoyable. They tried to add so many game mechanics to it that some of them feel unfinished or without any purpose other than existing, and some of them are so obscure or confusing that I wasn't able to understand how they worked. Most of them have to do with item customizing, but the equipment you find in the field is usually plenty good enough.Word of caution: optimization is a bit wonky and some computers have encounter spots in the game where the is incredible lag, although overall it ran pretty smoothly for me and my friend. Coop feels solid, and there weren't any major game-breaking bugs in the way.In summary, it's a good game and completely worth the budget price it carries.Also, REFERENCES."
,Recommended,272470,13366692,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,ToshRaka,"Awesome Hack&Slash ! Diablo-like with more difficulty, more mechanics ..."
76561198004577398,Not Recommended,272470,13929299,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Phantom,"Not as good as the first one, certainly WAY WAY WAAAY more buggy"
76561198057600045,Recommended,272470,29483445,Posted: 25 January,all,thevibe27,"Not the best RPG but not the worst, still some hours of fun. 7/10"
76561198094497023,Recommended,272470,27941266,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,BoB,"Love it, always have, always will"
,Recommended,272470,11957515,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,adpt Nwagerhr.o7- ಌ,So much fun! SO MANY SPELLS AND STUFF!!!!!!!! AND FUNNY EASTER EGGS!!!!!!!!!!One weird thing is the game autosaves progress and so you cant save at specific places or redo certain spots unless u make a copy of the save.
,Recommended,272470,16250212,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,ReBoot,Borgova is an interesting place!
76561198056554783,Not Recommended,272470,35043438,Posted: 18 September,all,webwrangler,"Dont know whats the issue but after upgrading to windows 10 game will not load, neither this one or the first Van HelsingI have ran the compatability wizard, it sets it to windows 8 and game will stil not launch"
76561198080647536,Recommended,272470,14937121,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,JohnPodesta,"Great game, if you prefer a good singleplayer story and lots of variation over endless grinding. Van Helsing offers a huge skilltree, lots of item collecting, customization and crafting fun. The gameplay is more relaxed and linear than other rpgs, you dont have 100 simultaneous quests but maybe 3-4, and you dont have 5 chars to take care of but only your main char and Katherina a helpful ghost with its own skills.The campaign itself is a bit short (maybe 30 hours) but the replay values is very high, since you only reach ~lvl30 after the first playthrough and about half of the skilltree only comes after lvl30.  I really liked that you have a lair (your ""home"") where you return after the battles to upgrade your stuff, manage your restistance group by sending out troops, a bit like in dragon age. The tower defense minigame is so amazing, you will definitely want to buy Deathtrap, the full game that they made out of it.There are a few bugs and balancing issues, but no dealbreakers.Multiplayer is unfortunately deserted, at least when I tried (1 year after release) there seems to be no one playing :("
76561197992270248,Recommended,272470,16098863,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Zuntullah,Much better than the first one.
76561197962397563,Recommended,272470,34786541,Posted: 6 September,all,Snowflake,"Nearly a 100 hours played, I simply cannot fathom why this game has mixed reviews.This is an amazing ARPG, a massive improvement from the first game (Which was also pretty fantastic)."
76561198030228607,Recommended,272470,35225542,Posted: 26 September,all,aym2004,Excellent Game
76561198073998738,Not Recommended,272470,30677267,Posted: 22 March,all,barrera_ml,"Van Helsing II, didn't quite meet my expectations, I am normally easy to please and as a developer myself I like to give fellow devs a chance and try their products.Right after finishing part I (Which is a pretty decent game) I installed part II and imported my character, once I made it out of the lair I started fighting the mobs but they were brutal I was like ""wow"" I thought because of the lvl of my character and the difficulty, I always play the highest difficulty to make it challenging but these guys were literally moping the floor with my face pretty good in spite of having a tank build for me and lady Kat, on top of thatd epic equipment, enchanted, enhanced, you name it.So, after my failure I decided to start from 0 and created new character and lower to hard difficulty and ... surprise, it made no difference whatsoever still failing like a champ, then I lowered the difficulty to easy and i noticed that the enemies deal ridiculous excessive damage regardless of the difficulty (either that or I really suck).Anyways I changed back to my imported character and just kept on following the game and noticed that you don’t have to do anything the allies kill all the enemies even the spider robot, so I didn’t find any sense on playing a game that doesn’t need a hero, lame if you ask me. I don’t even think is playable if you get mobed,  I could easily kite the mobs on VH 1 and the damage I was getting was high but not as much as in VH 2, but not just that, at least I was the main protagonist of the game and things needed to get done by me so dying and sweating were worthwhile.Then the combat system got a bit sloppy, you have to re- aim after you kill an enemy and the hitboxes are bad because some times I couldn’t lock on the targets and just kept on running and getting my♥♥♥♥♥♥handed to me while trying to find something to hit, meeeh.Bottom line, I wouldn’t recommend this game, after the allies did the job for me I decided to leave the rest of the game to them, they don’t need Mr. Van Helsing, sob! :(  I hope number 3 has something better to offer."
,Not Recommended,272470,13540902,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,The entire Jason Aldean audience,I want my money back/10
,Not Recommended,272470,13365848,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Dantastic,"Games like this are why I pirate. This crap was 20 bucks because I missed the sale and thought the game looked good enough to buy, IT WASNT. NO REPLAYABILITY. Game is SHORT. WAY too many options of skills and not enough points to use them, Gameplay in and of itself feels choppy and unfinished.Seriously want my money back, this game SUCKS!"
,Recommended,272470,10517720,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Dead.,"i don't know if you have tried to punch a rock to death with your bare hands before, but it's quite stressful"
,Recommended,272470,10207216,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Waywocket,"Revisiting my review now that I've completed the campaign. TLDR: buy it now.Van Helsing II stars right where the first game ended, allowing you to continue your campaign with your existing character, or start a new one either at level 1 or 30. Unlike, say, the transition between Diablo 1 and 2, there are no changes in fundamentals; VH2's tactic is to be a bigger, better version of the first game, and at that it's wildly successful.The gorgeous visuals of the first game are enhanced by excellent weather and atmospheric effects, plus some truly impressive spell effects that had me constantly wanting to mash the screenshot key.The excellent soundtrack returns, plus around the same amount of new music again, joined by surprisingly good voice acting and an array of viscerally satisfying sound effects layered on top of an ambience that combine to give the game a wonderful sense of atmosphere.(By the way, it does support multi-channel configurations, though I'm not sure if audio effects are fully positional with respect to the extra channels.)In terms of gameplay mechanics, VH2 takes the first game and extends it; all of the features from VH1 return as-is, and are expanded by enough new skills and abilities to give the game a great deal of customisability. There are three character classes, but by the time you've customised your character with the skills you want, two players with the same class could - probably will - have radically different play styles. I think they did a pretty good job of avoiding the Diablo 3 problem where some skills are effectively mandatory, and others are basically worthless, and I think overall it has a greater degree of viable character customisation, but of course there are some skills that seem weaker or stronger than others. You can fully respec every character choice if you wish, though it comes at a price. If you want to try out a wide variety of options with the same character, prepare to save up a *lot* of gold. If you choose to start with a level 30 character, there are a few pre-made options to pick from that give some variety in character builds (or you can make up your own of course). Being a game about one specific character, you obviously don't get to play anyone else, so there's not going to be any option for a female hero - the game would need to be entirely rescripted. Of course this is so obvious that I almost didn't even bring it up, but I know that kind of thing disappoints some players so I thought I'd mention it.I found the gameplay to be highly engaging throughout, even when I was getting my posterior handed to me (I'm just saying, that's a whole lot of ornithopters to fight while there are pools of poison all over the floor and homing incendiary bombs being launched at my face). I can't imagine anyone who liked the first game being disappointed here. I'd say that the main campaign is probably about half as long again, with some added variety in environments and fight mechanics (I can call down an artillery strike? Hmm, that has significant friendly-fire potential). Don't expect any *major* novelty there - we're still basically visiting wilderness, city, and areas in the ink - but it's not just rehashes of exactly the same zones, and some of the additions are... honestly pretty breathtaking. I love being able to look down at the city far below me. One of the things that sets the VH games apart from other ARPGs like D3 or Torchlight is that there are a lot of areas where you can see, for example, another level in the dungeon, and rather than being essentially just a complicated backdrop that tantalises but remains forever out of reach, here it's frequently another part of the level that you can get to.I've played a lot of ARPGs since the first Diablo, and honestly I'd be pretty comfortable in saying that this is the best since Diablo 2 was released in 2000. I'd have no hesitation recommending it even at three times the price.Original, first impressions review follows:First, if you didn't like the first one, look elsewhere. This is basically more of the same. You can import your old character, and the game starts seemingly immediately after the ending of the first one. In fact, it's so much like an extended version of the original game that I'm a little surprised it wasn't released as an expansion. The gameplay is essentially an incremental step from VH1, with some added features and extended character progression.That said, I'm not upset about this. I enjoyed VH1 a great deal, and this - so far at least - seems just like a further iteration, which is exactly what I was expecting. The gameplay updates may be fairly minor in the overall scheme, but they're good nonetheless (and I've only played a couple of hours - there could be more in store). Given that it costs less than an expansion pack for most big-budget games, anyone disappointed by the similarity in gameplay might do well to think of it as a standalone expansion, if that helps.I find the game has a great visual appeal - I love the art style and the atmosphere, and the music is great (it can all be found as oggs in the install directory, and it has all the music from VH1 plus about the same amount again).Overall I'd say this is one of the better entries in the genre for quite some time."
,Recommended,272470,10240558,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Feb,"Fantastic game as long as you have a few friends to play with, Highly reccomended!!"
76561198040536336,Recommended,272470,10302783,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Scarlett,"Another Awesome game, great graphics, great gameplay.!!Well worth the money, and would recommend it to anyone.!"
76561198046004264,Recommended,272470,10662237,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Shinoki,So Good
76561198043084210,Recommended,272470,10529763,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Qvéčko,very nice game
76561198005638393,Recommended,272470,10217240,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Phoenix,"Post date: 05/24/2014At the moment I think my review of this game boils down to 1+2+1(!) things:1:- It's a fun game. I had a nice feeling of progress and incentives to play on. I would say it's great, if...2:- The story mode is pretty short. It is not important, because you have things to do afterwards. But none the less it feels... a bit too short.- The content that is praised so much is mostly not new, but 'only' an implementation of the DLC of part I. Don't get me wrong, the content is good. But it's just not as new as it is proclaimed in a lot of reviews etc.1(!):- At the current stage I have to say it feels ... totally not ready for release. A lot of people have a lot of issues. The range of bugs goes from calss-descriptors for items / effects to the client not starting / crashing all the time. The ironed out some bugs (like not being able to import part I chars) in a quick hotfix and do seem to be working on the other issues. But such things shouldn't be in a release game.My conclusion:Pretty fun game! Not as 'big' as Diablo III or Path of Exile (meaning I think I'll be 'done with it' sooner then it took me in those games), but enjoyable. But wait until the BUGs are dealt with."
76561197969807092,Not Recommended,272470,12387929,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Phaedryn,"I rather enjoyed the first game and was looking forward to a continuation of the story with the second installment.  I got that, but what I was not expecting was that the second game (other than the story) was identical to the first.  You have the same ""classes"", with the same abilities, that you level up all over again.  If they were going to go this route they should have at least allowed a save game import function from the first one.  After less than an hour it just felt like I was starting a new charater from scratch (I was) with nothing new to look forward to except enemy units and locations."
,Recommended,272470,10687411,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,thrashard,"If you like action rpgs, buy this up. Definitely one of the better ones."
,Recommended,272470,16470533,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,CAPTAIN CAPSLOCK,ONE OF THE BEST RPGS I GAVE PLAYED. IF YOU LIKED DIABLO OR TORCHLIGHT OR JUST LOVE TO KILLS SWARPS OF ENEMIES USING BADASS SPELL ITS IS A MUST PLAY.HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT
,Not Recommended,272470,17537632,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Trepsky 太マラ,Worse than 1.
76561198043645817,Recommended,272470,12516023,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Vilkata420,"Few bugs here and there, but nothing game breaking from what i saw. My opinion a good game that can only get better"
76561198096329502,Recommended,272470,13190670,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,grace1289863,Loved it. Are there flaws that bother some people yes but in my opion I thought this was a great game. I was a huge fan of the first one and this one made a bigger one. I can't wait fot the third one to come out. This game plays like diablo 3 so fightng monsters and looing. I'm not a crittic I love plaing games I know a bad one when I see one and this is not a bad game. I recommend this and have played over again.
,Not Recommended,272470,13289964,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,outermostjeff,Every time I start the game it crashes DO NOT BUY!!!!!
,Recommended,272470,13371551,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Neptune,"If you liked Diablo, Torchlight and the likes of it, this one will find its way into your library sooner or later.While there still are no dynamic maps and the replay value is basically zero (if not on a higher difficulty with a friend inb CoOp), it is still a decent game for any friend of RPG, top-down perspective games which lead you through dungeons and tell you a intrigueing storyline.8/10. Would play again."
76561198048458945,Not Recommended,272470,14054143,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,reddragon2437,"Just reinstalled this game after buying it when it came out. Tried to start up, game hangs at loading screen with mouse hourglass never goes any further. I ran the verify integrity of game cache, said there was nothing missing, i tried chaning the vanhelsingx86.exe to vanhelsingx64.exe and vice versa, i went into regdit and change the value to 0, still nothing. if someone could assist me that would be wonderful."
76561197993328599,Not Recommended,272470,10363391,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Kallekofot,"Too many bugs ruin a good game, starting to get really tired of this as they seems to thinks its a finished product. Good game otherwise but wouldnt recommend to buy."
,Not Recommended,272470,17856133,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,zootch,literally play this game for 5 minutes and realize what a waste of money this was for a humble bundle
76561198011206762,Recommended,272470,24473987,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,aeielan,good game so far
76561197992112271,Not Recommended,272470,16138387,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Angry,. . .
,Recommended,272470,10457348,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Paraddox,Awesome game for the price :)
76561198065654641,Recommended,272470,11282442,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Silliest Goose,Great game. A bit buggy but the storyline and art make up for it. 10/10
,Recommended,272470,10492329,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Strained Acacia,Hella baller
,Recommended,272470,12299748,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,WickedJuti,One of my top favorite games!
,Not Recommended,272470,28317559,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,charabis,"Game has potential, but I find a lot of clicks and button presses never register.  Add to that there are only the 3 classes this long after release and you have a game that gets boring fast."
,Recommended,272470,11078461,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Rosebud,"What a Wonderful game! If you at all like this type of game, you will love Vam Helsing. It is a fun little adventure with a great dumb story and fun charaters. I would recommend this game to everyone because it is just plain fun."
,Recommended,272470,10237734,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,OhioMan,I can talk to rocks!  20/10 you must get this game!
76561197966480061,Recommended,272470,11234001,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,spellfire,when I was playing this it was buggy it had the weapon upgrade system unfuctional it was a mess not been back since but wile was playing it even with its big probs couldn't help but like itthe plot wile somewhat predictable was fun the setting did the job well the home base I hear anoyed some people but I realy liked it especaly sending out your minions and matching there skills with the job needs made you feel like you were in charge always nicenote to self go back and complete first gameif you like diablo stile games definatly worth checking outoh and the geek references come thick and fast and the humor I enjoyed
,Recommended,272470,12770560,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Seneschul,"Excellent fun! Modestly intrigueing story! About as good as the original.Customizability abounds.If you like torchlight or diablo, you'll like this game!The DLC isn't half abd either."
,Recommended,272470,13297105,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,🎉,Better then Diablo 3.
,Recommended,272470,10462396,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Akira49,"This game is amazing ! Lots of things to do, tons of equipment, crafting. It's worht every penny!"
76561198015543406,Recommended,272470,14190343,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Big_Daddy,"If you like the Diablo series, you will find this series entertaining as well. A very broad collection of monsters, weapons, items, armors, etc. Not overly difficult to play. Good graphics and mood settings. A worthy addition to any gamer's collection."
,Recommended,272470,13288631,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,DirectC,Very nice game!
76561198045105398,Recommended,272470,13320078,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,MrThreepwood,they put a button so you can zoom in to lady katarinas♥♥♥♥♥♥so i recommend 10/10
,Recommended,272470,34232213,Posted: 14 August,all,ExiledEntity,In a lot of ways I would say this game is better then Diablo 3. And I love Diablo 3
,Recommended,272470,33400131,Posted: 9 July,all,Cheerilee,i just beat the game lolstart round 5pm now 6 am did no take long to beat and really super fun game
76561197961277512,Recommended,272470,10230460,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,TiduZ,"Really good singleplayer ARPG, better than torchlight imo and similar but bit better to the first game. Definitely worth $15 and more."
76561197992943678,Not Recommended,272470,11324440,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Rowland77,"Game is not optimized, with severe FPS and stuttering issues.  It's a common issue reported by a lot of people, even those boasting mid-top rigs.  Skimming the message boards, the developers insist they've fixed it, however it's kindof ridiculous that the problem keeps getting reported and nothing is being done.  The common solution offered by most is to enter the install folder and start changing the files around, which doesn't work.  Sorry, but it seems like another situation where a developer pumped out an 80% completed product, took the money, and ran."
,Recommended,272470,10201235,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Awake,nice game dude's
76561197971084619,Not Recommended,272470,12329145,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Broke(n),"So... I bought this game thinking i could play co-op with my brother, which i could... Bugs tend to take the fun out of the game when it crashes on a quest on lvl 5. Both of us just couldn't get passed a quest giver.. It would give us the quest, but we couldn't get passed the questgivers talking and it crashed... So in my opinion this is a waste of money. Unfortunately.. was looking forward to this game."
,Recommended,272470,12296301,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,jimmyplz,"In the middle of a fight with a giant on a bridge, he said you shall not pass!"
,Not Recommended,272470,13300428,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,?!,-1
,Not Recommended,272470,15635413,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,geniusthemaster,"im not going to lie, this game had beautifull sceneplay, ILLUSTRIOUS enemies, INFINITE DUNGEONS,mediocre item creationcrappy drop rateincreasingly expensive death tollsCRAPPY looking items on charactera 5 MINUTE BLANK loading screen TIMER (its not even nessesary!)bleak special effectsdangerously high cpu usage and heat(have you tried 50%? it works far better for QUAD CORE)TROLLISH INPASSABLE AREAS with permanent respawning enemies and enemies that respawn thOSE!-even on easiest mode and im a serious veteran tanker|kite-er in all diablo games.so let me tell you how to makea game, research these terms and your next game might be #worth it::DYNAMIC preload (preload 2 maps ahead not the intire game)level multiplier (enemies damages are multiplied and devided on player average)heaps of goldbumpmapping, shine, fullbright, glow, cell shading, hit box shapertexture compressionmostly thats it. until then i paid a fortune for a game that only lasted me 2 hours of fun.im leaving this message up with >GLOW RED HOT FIERY LETTERS< until this gets fixed. nbody deserves to wait 18 DAYS of downloading time and 50$ of potential pizza cash, to eat as much garbage as i did. im serious veteran of BILLIONS of tough and rare games not exluding gunstar heroes and alien soldier, which are beyond kickass and load in .2 nanoseconds with an emulator called    gens+ rewind                .i cried twice playing this game and im well over 40 years of age."
76561198044870737,Recommended,272470,12362631,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,luluz,Lady Katarina and Van Helsing conversation always make me smile. Nice job from the developer.
76561198024404011,Recommended,272470,11930161,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Thoughtzilla,"EDITED REVIEW - As of two weeks after purchase, the game is fully playable - and is an EXCELLENT single player APRG. I say single player because there is almost nobody playing this game online, which is too bad. It's more thought out than Diablo 3, and feels a bit higher budget than Path of Exile. If you're looking for a great ARPG experience to play solo, pick up TIAOVH 2.There are tower defense modes, a story (campaign) mode, and some amazing easter eggs thrown in for good measure. Item drops are generous and on point with your character (after my first play through I was wearing 40% ""Unique"" quality items) and the classes all do different things.That being said, the class balance could use a little work, the mage feels great at wiping away lots of trash mobs and definitely has advantages against bosses, but the engineer is amazingly powerful, especially post-veteran.8/10, would recommend and would play again!------I cannot recommend a product that refuses to work. After following the (multiple) threads to fix the problems, the game persists in failing to load. If you want to play a game, look elsewhere. I've written Steam about it and commented on the community page for the game.I'll update this review if the problems are fixed. Such a let down."
,Recommended,272470,11038861,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,BlackDice123,Fantasticly fun game ..must have..recomended
76561198000793705,Recommended,272470,11017772,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,RednSilver,Great game
,Recommended,272470,11018528,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,tantongreasby,"Great Fun, Nice game!!"
76561198018262367,Recommended,272470,11078416,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,cung,always been a good game best single action rpg at good price
76561198055673915,Recommended,272470,11074005,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Noob_Sky,Good Stuff~~~
76561197976727569,Recommended,272470,32698925,Posted: 23 June,all,NeverAgain,"I like it, 7.8 out 10.I played and liked in order  D3+ >  TL2 >  GD  = VV > VH > POE.Cheers,NeverAgain"
,Recommended,272470,33668791,Posted: 20 July,all,daurgothoth,"More Van Helsing, more missions, more fun."
,Not Recommended,272470,27897779,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BigBrotherHItMAN,waste of money.
,Recommended,272470,15960635,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Paradise Decay,"One of my favourite games of last year was 'The Incredible Adventures Of Van Helsing'  A Diablo styled RPG with some cool twists.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-MNtKlp0AEThis sequel, along with the brilliant 'Deathtrap' is also a no-brainer buy for me. One of my idea's even made it into the game!"
76561198007339149,Not Recommended,272470,10210907,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,JokersCard009,"If you're unable to play a game after you pay $14.99 for it. That's not just a travesty, it's fraud and a breach of trust. When will game software companies quit rushing development and production for quick sales. It makes me wonder if they even hired a QA team at all. I don't pay money for a game just for it to crash on me every time I open it. This is not entirely Neocore's fault but the Steam client and team as well for not making sure the build was stable enough for release and sale. If you're wanting to play this game, avoid any frustration and wait about six months to a year. After they have patched it thoroughly and made it completely stable to the point it's actually playable."
,Not Recommended,272470,12677832,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,bobrocks007,"Like the first installment, it's good for hours of playtime, but it suffers from many of the same issues.  I had to turn almost all the graphics enhancements off to reduce the lag, as that's what killed me 9 times out of 10.  Gameplay consists mainly of spamming the same powers over and over ad nauseum and using a health or mana potion intermittently.  I ignored the tower defense section almost entirely and delegated the tasks to NPCs.  The story was not all that interesting again, and the voice acting for the assisting characters got on my nerves.  The ending to the game is underwhelming, and they expect you to play through the campaign again in order to unlock scenarios.  I say, to what end?"
,Not Recommended,272470,19025339,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Verdantil,Made Obsolete byhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/400170/
76561198208583320,Not Recommended,272470,24013215,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Ranger,Junk. Don't work. no refund also. Junk development
76561197999082133,Not Recommended,272470,30756829,Posted: 26 March,all,Tyler Durden,What were they thinking? I was expecting a nice follow up to the 1st one but instead got a tower defense piece of junk.Very dissapointed
76561198012749929,Recommended,272470,33606428,Posted: 17 July,all,LochnessLobster,It good
,Not Recommended,272470,12064981,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,NeoRizer,"More of the same Diablo clone ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t from the first one... hack your characters and enjoy the nonsensical plot and contrived gameplay...Nothing new here...As an added bonus to the pretentiousness of this game expect some incredibly lame LotR, Starwars and Halflife references along the way... Among many others I care not to bother mentioning, as they're too obscure and only the 5 basement dwelling chuds would recognize them.Sigh... gaming is dead."
76561197970538611,Not Recommended,272470,18080410,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Westenra,"I did not appreciate being unable to import my character because he was one level shy of the 30 mark minimum. The story is bland and uninteresting, involving a villain that we never see with motives that are never explained. It was nice to be able to play as the DLC characters free of charge, and the compelling stat growth from the first is maintained admirably, as are the creative enemy types. Unfortunately, the game feels like an add-on to the first in terms of quality and content. Graphics are exactly the same, and the scenery is almost entirely boring dead-tech metal, lacking the colorful forested areas from the original.The game also spends too much time on pointless, distracting minigames. One of these, a simple tower-defense, is fun, but I paid for an ARPG, not a tower-defense game. Another involves sending minions out on specific missions depending on their individual strengths and weaknesses. I hope the developers didn't spend to much time on this aspect, because it is utterly, 100% pointless.Lastly: I was unable to beat the game. This is a huge taboo for me as a critic. The difficulty spikes ten-fold during the Drill battle, as the game throws endlessly spawning OP enemies at you as you run around flipping the same switches over and over. It's tedious and unfair, and my requests for help on the forums were met with disdain of the ""get gud"" variety.At least the menu music is pretty."
76561197970736323,Not Recommended,272470,10210147,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,No interest,This is a pile of rubbish. Crashes within a minute of starting The first game was a lot of fun but I suggest that you avoid this like the plague.   No game with this kind of basic corruption should be allowed on Steam.Save your money for anything else.
76561198267677101,Recommended,272470,32992992,Posted: 29 June,all,KeepItMello cs.money,Good game i can play all the day
,Not Recommended,272470,13890929,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,coche5e,"sux...played .7 hours...click, click.deleted! Buy something else..."
76561197998070635,Not Recommended,272470,10212657,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,tranzquility,"Game doesnt play, when content is loaded it crashes.Computer:Alienware M17XR14  201316 Gigs ramI-7 3610QMAMD Radeon HD 7970MWindows 7 (64)"
76561198131381355,Not Recommended,272470,10205566,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Wife_is_nothing,"This game bug as hell, believe me, I pre-purchased it and cant even start the game now. I have spent 5 hours finding any solution in the internet."
76561198023059687,Not Recommended,272470,12890517,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,VERADOSA,"SADLY THIS GAME IS BUGGED TO HELL AND THE DEVS ARE USELESS,OR THE BUG DEVS ARE!!!!.....and its a friggin great game....they should be lined up and shot....sorry ...its a great game but so bugged i cannot reccommend at this time....so many bugs....and i love it....EVEN I CANNOT COPE!....."
76561198017591677,Not Recommended,272470,22148598,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,paul.green977,Didnt enjoy this game at all.  Even though it was on offer a waste of money
,Not Recommended,272470,32812749,Posted: 26 June,all,CalebAlpha,"Got this game on Summer Sale for 4 euro with all dlc and yet I still feel ripped off.The game started with a very long loading screen (about 4 minutes) awkward control system on menu (to select is not ""select"" but you need to press ""continue"") and when I finally got in game I was treated to a scruffy low resolution start area and hard to see pixely characters. I'll probably give this game another go but when I'm in a more nostalgic dos box type of mood.Can't recommend this one feels way too rushed and crude, stick with Torchlight and Diablo."
76561197975556931,Not Recommended,272470,13872380,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,parceler,"game has major problems with starting in win 8.1 with steam own 1 and 2  none start. 2 systems a rampage4 4930 chip 32 meg ram, rampage5 5930 chip 32 meg ram.  280 games  all run but not these."
,Not Recommended,272470,10425443,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Cartof,"Don't buy this boring piece of crap, it does not compare with the first part ! It is VERY BORING, nothing new, just a waste of time with mindless point and click but without the good story and humor of the first part.NOT RECOMMENDED !"
76561198072455009,Recommended,272470,12381706,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,gtgtgt-2011,hi
,Not Recommended,272470,34023286,Posted: 4 August,all,PixelKhaos,Play the first one instead.
76561198043327865,Not Recommended,272470,31108831,Posted: 12 April,all,Necronullus,Game doesn't even load just crashes right out. IDK why.
,Recommended,272470,10205203,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Nreth,6/511/10
,Not Recommended,272470,10201359,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Laurentiu,"The first impression is not too good. There is a awful bug  in the first screen of the game. If you don't open the door and just click outside of it you are automatically teleport in the middle of mobs somewhere at a lower level. From there basically you are stucked and every time when you are to close to the borders or try to open the only door available, you are teleported back. Maybe I am the only one that happens. Another problem is you can't start the game from level 1. The option is there but is disabled without any explanation. Why is there if I can't use it. I will return to  The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing until all the problems will be fixed."
76561197993277554,Not Recommended,272470,25012226,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Silens,Think you could have spent a few development hours on a female character model
76561198034394371,Not Recommended,272470,10203283,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Hacked Heaven,"couldn't get past the first load screen without bugging out on me very sad im not sure what to do, I lowered all settings and still same problem. To many bugs seems to need fixing"
76561198077170807,Recommended,272470,13867877,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,daniel-crni(KAKASHI),gg
76561198075658872,Recommended,272470,10200714,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,XenoSwag,how do you play the normal mode that start at level 1
76561198080929453,Not Recommended,272470,28411530,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,exodusseven,What a dreadful disappointing bag of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥  Absolutely awful.  The worst introduction  and first ten minutes I have ever been subjected to.  I am gutted i actually paid for this garbage.
76561198045786671,Not Recommended,272470,24726817,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Qtaro,No.
76561198269614666,Not Recommended,272470,33510842,Posted: 13 July,all,raidovermoscow,"Terrible, terrible dungeon crawl game.  Terrible weapons coupled with uninteresting and confused story....Who am I? What am I doing?3 Hours in and frustrated as hell.  Don't know what else to say..."
76561197993295408,Not Recommended,272470,12485688,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Tony Joe,Keep crashing after having played for 20-30 minutes. dont know why. disappointed again... for stream service. :(The game is overall... 60/100 I think. It's totally a wrong way to present MMo RPG.And... the storyline... so bad.If u think FFXIII has a good storyline... go for van helsing 2.If ur adult n picky... well it's up to you to buy it or not.  remember the crush.
76561198121146503,Not Recommended,272470,13755778,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,TheRock,it's nice game
76561198015104887,Not Recommended,272470,22514715,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,captainmurder,Does not work. Controls are crap.
76561198030272053,Not Recommended,272470,34268775,Posted: 15 August,all,Mr_Jake_Smith,"A total and complete Rip-off of Diablo, that, and the fact that I completed the game/end-game with top tier gear in 34 minutes.. Not with the timme and effort."
76561198145395734,Recommended,272470,19023524,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,ViolentSnarfer,Fun
,Not Recommended,272470,19548546,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,svorenson,"If you really liked the first Van Helsing, then this might be great, as it offers more of the same, as well as some variation. For me, though, it didn't spark enough interest for more than a couple of hours."
,Not Recommended,272470,10309157,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,余响,"This is just a lazy production which improves no game experience from prior one. Honestly, this only make the game worse. Dont buy the game"
,Recommended,272470,10409940,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,CombatIneffective,"I very much enjoyed this game; it's a solid ARPG, with quite a bit of replay value. There are three classes, and I took them all to the level cap, after which you can level up your ""glory"" and get small bonuses to various aspects of your character, and two ability points. No more skill points though. For $15 it's a great little ARPG."
,Recommended,272470,10331060,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Scias,Suprisingly engaging diablo clone
76561198080086397,Recommended,272470,13524277,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,CptFatCatHarkonnen,"Warning: Decently long review, TL;DR at bottom.Bought the game on sale during Winter Event (so 2 days ago) after playing the first, rolled veteran arcane mechanic and blasted through the story line. Loved gameplay of storyline even though it felt more like a connection to the third game, Katarina is funny as always and it was for the most part amusing.Biggest hiccup was hitting end game content (i.e. Scenarios) where I was DRAMATICALLY underequipped, and really the only decent way of getting gear was from the pigasus. So I had to slide my bloody, grumpy, body through scenarios flailing my failing limbs around until I could afford one piece of pigasus gear (~10 mil standard), after which it got much better. That said, scenarios are fun but bless their hearts they just kill me sometimes.PROS:- Funy(ny) storyline, well written and obviously well planned. No awkward tacked on sequel bait.- Included DLC classes from first game with more skills, all of which are fun.- Decently improved multiplayer from first game, still glitches during storyline and crashed game multiple times during scenario runs in endgame, but much improved from where they started in first Van Helsing.- Much better gear drops than in first game, makes farming much more exciting- Better endgame than first, though that's not really saying much since the first games endgame didn't drop muchCONS:- Endgame has some very cheap feeling shots at the player (will cover seperately, not terribly detrimental to the game at large) .- Slightly buggy multiplayer using LAN connection (can't speak for full wifi)ENDGAME:And here we come to the crux of most of my issues. Endgame is vastly improved and generally a very good experience but with that said some of the things they throw at you just feel like they were player tested on devs and didn't see much actual exposure to a realistic player base.You start out with a difficulty curve that in reality is more of a mountain (could maybe be solved by having the final boss drop a piece of pigasus gear?), and though you climb the mountain and can get a huge amount of satisfaction from doing so the mechanics of the scenario system sometimes feel engineered to take the wind out of your sails.The whole scenario system suffers from a distinct feeling of a lack of agency, you get no choice what maps, what penalties, and what objectives you'll have to complete when running one of the 6 objective scenarios and almost more painful is the lack of ability to even choose what order you run them in. You literally get thrown into one and get penalized for rerolling it if the difficulty's too high, if the penalties are too harsh or unprepared for at current gear level, or if you fail on of the objectives. You even get penalized if you reroll the scenario before FINALIZING it (something that I can't tell if was intended, or if it's just a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ bug).That all added together the scenarios are generally enjoyable, and actually very fun, but all of the joy you can expect to get out of them MUST be measured against your ability to not get upset when bashing your head against a wall of unforgiving and blatantly punishing mechanics. For example, there are ""clue finding"" objectives in the scenarios which ask the player to kill groups of elites around the map in a time limit. The implementation of this objective in particular ends up making it feel almost impossible to beat, and generally kills my enthusiam for continuing if paired with a horrible map and a bad penalty. Take home message to devs, hard is fun, challenging is funner, but punishing (i.e. player gets penalized with no agency and no ability to mitigate damage) is just asking for patience, not enjoyment.TL;DR -Great game, worth a purchase (will immediatly buy next game) and recomended to be played after first. Endgame suffers from several flaws (feels like devs made it planning for everyone to have maxed out gear, nothing less) and it is deeply recomended by myself to start on casual (normal is not normal, normal is hard). All in all, worth the money though I'd say wait for a sale if you're unsure. Fans of the first will love it though, and if you are it's worth a full purchase."
,Recommended,272470,13425078,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Bleys,"One of my favorite rpg adventure games; I didn't expect to like it this much. Honestly one of the biggest perks for me is the flexability of the game; you can change the difficulty at any time, and you can die without being hit with super big consequences, which takes the pressure off having to do really well. The later difficulties are challenging without being over the top, and strategy plays a big part on whether you win in fights or not; there's more to it than just having a high level or good armor.Other things I liked about the game; fast paced and interesting storyline, lots of features, a good array of weapons/equipment, interesting skill trees. I found the gameplay to be fun and interesting.strong perk: you can change your skills and stats repeatedly!!!biggest negative I found is the multiplayer has been hard to find other players for."
,Recommended,272470,13750168,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,bullbountampa,"While the level access is linear, there approaches to defeat the various areas are varied, and allow you to experiment with different methods to your heart's content.  You can grind, if you wish, and become supremely powerful or you can just play though and have fun with a steady level of challenge.  Great balance of challenge and progression without becoming overwhelming and frustrating."
76561198015856863,Not Recommended,272470,13898119,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,PowerlessMutant,Don't do it.
76561197987624663,Recommended,272470,13901961,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Morningstar,"awesome game, like to play it!"
76561198013328690,Recommended,272470,13901965,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,rasabt,"Part 1 offered solid hack'n slay/arpg gameplay in an interesting setting:-industrial/steampunkish meets Van Helsingfurthermore you got lots of voiced goodness going on between Helsing and his ghostly companion. They chat, comment, talk to lots of diffrent, sometimes strange, sometimes funny, sometimes nearly Pschynoautsesque NPCs and it's always entertaining. Unlinke the rather boring, blend D3 npcs and mainchars, there's a real chemestry going on here.If you don't get attached to this strange couple during Van Helsing 1, part 2 will do the job.The same goes for every aspect of the series. The catchy soundtrack and melancholic flair make this a very special ride.The whole gameworld is full of detail. you can see the effort this smal dev put into the series and it pays of.Part 1 was a complete game: lots of things to collect, loot, grind, many diffrent ways to build the couple for combat -> part 2 builds on this and feels even more refined. New gamemechanics, which build upon the solid groundwork, new build-options and new lvl-hights to achieve.I've rarely played 2 a parts of a gameseries that blend this good. They didn't change anything drastic, didn't chop up the story, they pretty much just refined what was already a very good game.If you like hack'n slay/arpg-games this is for you, if you like to explore an interesting setting and protagonists this is for you.I can fully recommend both parts of the franchise and seeing how things are now, probably part 3 also."
76561197981682505,Recommended,272470,13879998,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,║▌║▌║яαsρ,"Except for a couple of glitches, (you know the ones where you might just uninstall and rage on message boards because the game is broken and you can't progress?) the game is fabulous. A kind of Skyrim with interesting characters and plenty to do. Some memorable boss battles and the story is solid."
76561198044273447,Recommended,272470,20069235,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,oxen666,good enough
76561197967758490,Recommended,272470,19691505,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Kugel,Funny game to kill some time
,Not Recommended,272470,16544360,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Quel,Game kinda broken. You can't interact with objects that are required to progress with a main quest. Normally grounds for a refund but not in the generalized guidelines. Meh.
,Recommended,272470,20035103,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,nik,"VH2 is a Great Co-op game. I played it coop with the same buddy in VH1 too. This game balances out the combat in normal difficulty well as VH1 had a major issue of crazy difficulty even on Normal mode. The game does have silly bugs that irritate you just like VH1 did. I personally would not play this Single Player, but with a buddy or two, total Dhamaal!IMPORTANT NOTE:- Don't botther with the dlc UNLESS you are STARTING the game in veteran mode as ALL the dlc's are only really applicable from Veteran mode onwards. And the DLC's are nothing great BTW."
,Recommended,272470,20655126,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Squirrel,The game is just so bad. There is no improvement. Still....5/10 would play this again.
76561198019014801,Not Recommended,272470,15959326,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Fox.Chicken,Crashes on startup unplayable.
76561198056854215,Not Recommended,272470,15966608,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,BBiggP,Bought Van Helsing 1 and 2 Mac version.Neither work correctly.Part 2 black screens and then nothing.I should not have to be a programmer to play a non beta game.I paid a price to learn a great lesson....Neocore.Never again.
,Recommended,272470,16810301,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,DevilSign,Some bugs but Amazing Game!
76561197969290082,Not Recommended,272470,16215927,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,magus32,How do I say......garbage! Far too complicated to be casual. Very unintuitive controls. Cheesy dialogue. Just not fun. Would rather play Diablo or Torchlight instead.
76561198022644031,Recommended,272470,16403962,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,amonikowski,"Diablo 2 style with a sense of humor.  It's fun.  Controls well.  Everything works.  If you like leveling, looting, and chuckling then play the game, although it's nothing special in the visuals department.  Replayability is high.  Good value for the price."
76561198036463944,Not Recommended,272470,16897604,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Rustabomb,"Playing the Mac version, the single player quest crashes after about 6 hours of gameplay. Lots of people with the same problem. No response from devs to emails and forum postings. Huge waste of money even though it was bought highly discounted."
,Recommended,272470,16152421,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,hoangthang030492,Very good :)
,Not Recommended,272470,15429819,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,josaphine2824,"Not as good as first one...while there are some things that were done very well, the negatives still out weigh the positives.As others have said Neocore should really be working on fixes for the bugs in this game before releasing the third (and final game). As it stands right now I cannot reccomend this game. 4/10"
76561198032534613,Recommended,272470,16083325,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Victor Knight,Great game in-gauging world as well as characters
,Recommended,272470,16054110,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Catpain Marion McTebb,Got some serious RSI going on in my mouse hand
,Recommended,272470,15160779,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Boolin,Great arpg if somewhat on the short side. It feels like the game was cut short so they could do the old DLC trick. I would say it was polished to about 70% of its potential.The story is entertaining if not deep. But for an arpg it does better than some. Except that the end is a clear BUY THE NEXT INSTALLMENT cut off.Worth $15 yes. the DLC. Not a fan unless it's included in a VERY reasonable bundle.
,Recommended,272470,10791860,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Alux91,"A fun game with an enjoyable story, better if played with friends."
,Recommended,272470,10930411,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Loiosh,Haven't played it yet. It looks good so far.Actually I'm only doing this for the sake of leveling.
76561198112557089,Recommended,272470,12199745,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,ixi,SUPER!
,Recommended,272470,12418623,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,matronicus,"What to say about this game.... I played as a caster through  all of the game and most of the game on the hardest difficulty and it took me a long time to beat it; more time than I cared to invest, but that being said for most of the game I was enjoying the difficulty. The sidequests/minigames will take up a sizable portion if you care to do them all.Pros: story and voice acting very engaging. Cons: Every once in a while if you try and shoot an enemy that is around a corner the character will force move around the corner to attack, it cannot be cancelled.7/10"
76561197973770753,Recommended,272470,12245876,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,vad,"I liked the predecessor and I like this game. The basic skeleton of van Helsing 1 and 2 are remarkably similar and work well in both games. Also, I think they've kept the quirky humor and atmostphere pretty much intact. Most of the new additions I think add variety and a freshness to the experience. The so-called ""Tower Defense"" missions work better this time, I think.  The towers are more varied and pack a punch and combine in various interesting ways. Sending the generals on missions was fun too, though not very dramatic.Pros:* Better graphics than the first and lots of much more interesting spell visuals* More varied due to lair upgrades* The chimera is useful* Loot optimized GUI: both I and II need to be complimented on the GUI. It allows in almost all circumstances the kinds of comparisons you need to do. For instance, it's just great to be able to shop, then open Helsing's character tab to check up on DPS or whatever. All the panels that open are clearly optimized and always show just the right information (very few exceptions - it's impossible to get the details with crittical hit chance, mana regen, etc. while shopping.* Nice new inventions in loot. Like the charged items, Ring of Guidance, etc.Cons:* Short'ish game (but good replay nevertheless due to the different classes and builds possible)* Somewhat weak ending, but at least they're consistent as van Helsing 1 was like that too* Chimera needs to stop clawing at the invincible cat in the Lair (noisy, annoying)* The nice new inventions could've been polished off a bit. Like ... can I recharge an item? (dunno)* Just couldn't make Rune Crafting work. Seems I miss some essense capacity thingy ... no ideas how to buy or make one. Never inserted a rune in anything. Strange, since most of the game is so intuitive and simple* Forging. Yet another feature I never found any use for in either game.* ... and you don't even get to meet Vlados (like WTF)Given the decent price it's a good buy, and if you like the genre and liked van Helsing 1 then this is a  game worth buying. There's just enough new inventions to give it a familiar yet fresh feel. So it's a kind of ""polished van Helsing 1"". I think it'll fly this time, but the next installment should definitely do something extra to keep the attention of the fan base. For instance adding in some more choices and have those affect the story considerably (guys, it's not like you need to go all Witcher 2 on us, just throw us a bone relic...)"
,Recommended,272470,12280278,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Zee,"Very much a straight continuation of the previous one, same type of story and humour. (All of which I approve of greatly!)Adds a lot of new skills and passives as well for both you and Katarina (your ghost buddy), which is fun as well!The interface is somewhat updated as well, which is also nice.Only issue you might run into (solo at least) is small random difficulty spikes where the majority of mobs will not be a problem, and then something runs up to you and one-shots you.All in all very much worth it.. and gawd damnit now I'm waiting for number 3 for the continuation of the storyline..."
76561197987540339,Recommended,272470,11392678,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,<Killer Point>,Great Co-op game! :)
,Recommended,272470,11174617,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,[GCS]Lord Chalupacabra,"Learns from most of the mistakes of the first game. Ranged burst damage isn't as much of an instant kill anymore. The level cap is higher and the skill trees are deeper, including katarina's. The tower defense sections are numerous and awesome, and the towers all have upgrades to make them truely leathal. Some combinations are absolutely devistating.The story is ok, but ends a bit abruptly. There will definately be expansion packs or a IAVH3. There are also a ton of pop culture references. Everything from Monty Python to Star wars makes it in, and as long as you aren't taking the game to seriously they can be quite funny."
76561198020257116,Recommended,272470,11160253,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Electronic_Bunny,"Seems like a decent game if you have a good computer, but do not trust the steam page's system requirments or even recomended. I have a computer that is just sporting slightly higher than the recomended power and even on the lowest settings the game can not be handled on large levels like the second one. I was really anticipating this game but now it is near impossible to play because of jumpy gameplay and visual cinematics that run slower than their audio even on a computer that is better than the minimum and recomended system requirements."
76561198158938940,Recommended,272470,25083559,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Ltm1900,"Finished in 7 houts. Missed many secret contents, while beating the game. But still quite fun."
76561198164888675,Not Recommended,272470,19666535,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Choclit_bear,"Infuriating bugs, every time I enchant something I have to restart the game which in itself is maddening as unless I restart my computer the game loads but is unplayable as the textures dont load!The game is also increadibly dumb when it matters..... the boss fights. The last fight is entirely pointless, you can die 100 times and still ""win"" the fight. Like whats the point??"
,Recommended,272470,25416221,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,CrunchNomNom,"If you liked the first Van Helsing, then you will probably like this. The story isn't very imaginative, but they never are in these action RPGs. There are a lot of funny lines though, or at least I thought so... I like Katarina the ghost companion and her sense of humor. Plenty of references to movies, TV shows, other games, etc, and I probably missed a few.There are some new game mechanics introduced here that weren't in VH1, but the main gameplay is basically the same. I imported my character from VH1 and played through on the veteran mode."
76561198018105374,Recommended,272470,19923360,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Erabe,10/10
,Recommended,272470,25449558,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,SuplexedByLesnar,"At this point, I'm kind of roped into the series. I was able to play the first one for free and the second one was dirt cheap during a sale.With that said, this isn't a game for the weak. You will face HORDES of enemies on screen at all times. You are easily overpowered but, luckily, there are many ways around these battles. The main characters are charming but nothing great. One is a famous hunter of the land and the other is his ghost sidekick (sounds like a tv show honestly). The storyline is pretty cut and dry with a twist you can see coming from 10 minutes in.Regarding it as a sequel, I felt pretty disappointed. There wasn't too many differences between the gameplay styles of 1 and 2. I wasn't expected a completely different game but it would have been nice to add some new ideas. They do try to do a sort of ""tower defense"" mixed with delegation of commanders and soliders but it never felt really satisfying. I felt like I just did everything I did in 1 for this one.Overall, I do recommened if you like the dungeon crawler genre with an easy to follow but not grand story."
76561198077096518,Not Recommended,272470,21971208,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,extinction,.
76561197985682612,Recommended,272470,30815532,Posted: 29 March,all,WillowNCFOM,I am not a massive isometric action-rpg fan but this game as an co-op experience has been pure joy from beginning to end. Visually stunning with a fantastic variety of enemies and well balanced difficulty. Have to strategise well and use balanced load-out to compete against the AI and requires real teamwork to accomplish goals. Multiplayer connection is not always a smooth experience but performancve adequately and the campaign forces all players to be at the same progress level to join in multiplayer which does make sense to ensure all players are at more or less the same level. Highly recommended as a co-op experience.
,Recommended,272470,18351545,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Titan ScreaMy,awesome
,Not Recommended,272470,17877263,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,sickdude,This game has too many bugs in co-op.
,Recommended,272470,17615565,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,digsomediamonds,great game but hard...
,Not Recommended,272470,17794199,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Ken,Stupid developers!They force to restart the game just to apply a simple graphics setting (e.g vsync on/off or resolution changes).The game couldn't regconize the mouse when there is controller plugged in.Optimization for PC is terrible.This game worths only 5 bucks in terms of quality.I'm glad that I didn't buy the latest version of this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ franchise.
76561198066976754,Not Recommended,272470,15985482,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,PoodieTang69,The game is laggy even on a highest tier mac. I tried making the graphic low and still no hope. It simply just lags on a mac. Don't recommend buying if you are on a mac.
76561198065806040,Recommended,272470,15990094,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,ednooooo,"Van Helsing is a very enjoyable hack n slash rpg set in a steampunk classic horror world. The game does have some small problems but the devs have done fantastic work adding to the game since its release. Van Helsing has a fun B movie vibe but most importantly, the gameplay is solid and a lot of fun even if its nothing new."
,Recommended,272470,15976950,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,crusadelord,"+ Got me into isometric games+ Fun gameplay+ Good humour (Dialogue, pop culture easter eggs)+ Tower defence where you can jump in yourself and not just rely on towers+ Variety of enemies"
76561197991271569,Recommended,272470,10862057,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,derFeuerlord,"The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing 2 is a suprisingly fun game!In most parts it is your 'average' Hack'n Slash game. It plays like Diablo or Torchlight and is similar to them in many ways - but it has a few points that stand out.Van Helsing calls himself a Monster Hunter, but monstrous hunter would be more accurate. All the monsters he can possibly encounter can't hold a candle to Van Helsings abilities. He can learn to shoot lightning, fire, ice, he can freeze time, become a ghost and teleport. And he even has a ghost under his command! Well... sorta at least...Ok, my point is: The abilities in this game are fun to play with and make Van Helsing look like a total badass. More than in any other hack'n Slash I have played so far. I love that!And then of course there is the humor. This game is taking itself not exactly seriously, constantly making fun of it's own plot, mostly expressed by Lady Katharinas sarcasm and it has tons of funny references to movies or other games.It also comes with some tower defense missions, which add a little bit of variety to the gameplay"
76561198045412179,Recommended,272470,10865944,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,zaniix,"Worth playing, kill monsters and get loot with some fun jokes here and there.Be aware that the 64 bit client is buggy, either check the block in settings for run in 32 bit or rename the 32 bit client to the 64 bit exe.I enjoyed it."
76561198004375557,Recommended,272470,11168158,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Gipson,"A awesome sequel that follows right after the events of the first game.  You have stopped the mad scientist but the city he occupied it now torn by civil war and you must lead the liberation of the city from the hands of the militarist General Harker!  Good plot, awesome levels and creatures to fight, and new skills to learn.  You can import your character from the first game or you can start with a new one to explore a different class."
76561197995661875,Not Recommended,272470,11202533,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Ahuitzotl,"The Mac version is awfully slow, and with luck you can play it for more than 15 minutes without a crash. This version is even worse in terms of stability and performance than the first part. As if thy did not learn anything from the already bug rideen first part.I deeply regret spending money on this on."
76561197965602081,Not Recommended,272470,11193978,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,NeonBootyGoon,"This game was sadly quite the disappointment. They put out a new game, but didn't do anything with the classes really except extend them. The tower defense aspect is still in the game, and they made it more fun in some aspects because traps actually do something this time, but more boring as well since the mass mobs just coming at you without any hope for gear dropping, and getting almost no XP from them, makes it boring.You now have extra mini game's or something, i dont even know how to describe them, in the game to play around with. You have some beast that you can have go on missions, and he comes back with gear. Simple and to the point, w/e, free gear i guess. Secondly you have three captains that go off on missions and you level them up. I  dont get the point of these guys, they dont give you anything, i cant tell that they make any difference in my gameplay, but they're there, and you can send them on missions. But they do this whole ""you're a general, command your troops"" thing in this game, all throughout, but it feels like the decisions you make dont really matter, which is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ feeling.Finally, they added a runecrafter guy to the mix, sadly i was unable to ever use him or the engineer to combine gear since a bug wouldn't allow it to work, which brings me to my final complaint.BUGS, holy crap is this game buggy. Parts of the game weren't even playable do to this. I ended up beating the game, and generally with AARPG's i play the hell out of them, over and over. Van helsing 2 does not give me that want, i dont want to play it, at all. I have hundred's of hours in Diablo 3 (♥♥♥♥♥♥ game as well), Torchlight 1 and 2 (both fun to play with friends), hundreds in Path of Exile, and thousands of hours in Diablo 2 (best AARPG to date, ten years later).TL:DR - Van Helsing 2 is more or less DLC for Van helsing 1, with more bugs, and some busy work to keep you occupied."
,Recommended,272470,12340022,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,trn,"So here are my initial thoughts after a first completion (I’ll update when I’ve finished with a character imported from Van Helsing 1).This is a top notch action role playing game. There’s a lot of emphasis on the ‘action’ and it’s a pretty breathtaking journey from the opening scenes to the finale. In addition to standard ARPG fare, there is a pretty satisfying tower defence component (which can be completely skipped if you don’t like it, but I recommend giving it a try, I thought I’d hate it and I loved it) and a troop management minigame (a bit like they had in Assassins Creed Revelations – send soldiers on missions, they bring back loot, train them up etc).I’d strongly recommend this to people who’ve played the first Van Helsing game – and if you haven’t, get both and support an excellent franchise.There are a number of areas this game improves from Van Helsing 1. It has better graphics, greater variety of missions, very interesting boss battles (I love the finale), larger maps and more to be getting on with. My first playthrough was about 14 hours on hard mode, which is a nice length and included completing most of the side quests. There’s also two game modes, one for newcomers with a level 1 character, one for those importing a level 30 character. This means new tricks, new items and increased difficulty. All good stuff for those looking for more. I can see this occupying a lot of my time ...It’s not all roses, however... there are a lot of re-used assets, both backgrounds, scenery and enemy types, you are never short on cash, and the loot drops are a little disappointing. Most of the loot (almost all the epic items) were repeated from the first game and dropped by very few enemies (there are too many empty chests). The best items appear at scripted moments and after level 15 I pretty much didn’t change out my loot (I finished the first playthrough at level 31). In addition, Katarina is still pretty useless as anything other than a bullet shield after about level 10, she dies way too easily even with lots of upgrades.In sum it is better than Van Helsing 1 and stands on its own as a great ARPG that is more of an isometric Borderlands than Path of Exile and if that’s something you think you’d enjoy it’s well worth a couple of quid."
,Recommended,272470,12127175,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,FAArscape,Good game II  :p
76561197992373608,Recommended,272470,12110079,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Mordecei,"It's a disappointing sequel to the first one... This feels like unfinished DLC, which takes you through same structured missions over and over again while you wait for something more to happen. The ending (wont spoil it) was also one of the biggest disappointments, which i've seen in a while, THOUGH, this game isn't all bad; It's also alot of fun! Loads of Pop-culture references, corky humor here and there.Combat is fluid, pretty much the same from the first game, though they tried to add alot more abilities, which some works, but most of them feel the same or are just useless and in the end you'll be just spamming the same 1-2 abilities with the boosters, which I didn't have problem with, cause most Arpg games have that.The story was a letdown, circling on the same issues and adding features like ""dungeon defending"" doesn't make it any better.Graphics are above average for an Arpg, only problem is you'll be mostly staying inside in this game and not enjoying the different variation of weathers as in the first game did.7/10"
,Recommended,272470,12066115,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,JoannaDark,"This game is bloody brilliant. Its not often an ARPG comes along with this level of detail, and focus on character / gear progression, as well as maintaining a very fun / immersive world, with many things to do, and places to see. Perhaps only truly shadowed by the king of kings, Diablo 2, this game is still worthy of every penny, and than a few.Something really special for me, is how it picks up from literally the exact scene that Van Helsing 1 ends at.   Very well done."
,Recommended,272470,12069947,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Liberator,"Hands down one of my favourite games on Steam and I have far too many ;)!I loved the first iteration of Van Helsing and this just builds on it in so many positive ways.I can understand people saying the skill tree is a little random, but in reality, with a little thought it's quite intuitive.There's much more to the game than just hacking and slashing, the tower defense game is definitely one of the coolest examples, I can only hope and wait for them to release it on mobile :P. You have your own secret lair, send out commanders on missions and more.If you like ARPG's/Hackn'Slash with a little more meat to them in terms of extra features, like a great story, amazing atmosphere and environments, witty banter between you and your companions, many classic references, tons of humour and hands down one of the best soundtracks in a game, do yourself a favour and buy this for the ridiculously low price it's at. There are only minor downsides to the game and they really are only minor.Seriously good job to the devs, hope they continue this series!"
,Recommended,272470,12147639,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Vú Sữa,"As a diablo-like-game, this one is extraordinary and stands out from others. It introduces a lot of new features and perfectly improves all aspects of its predecessor. Extremely funny and interesting companion Katarina with her excellent voice acting really make me wanna give this game a 10/10. However, like the previous game, this one still needs to pay more attention about how it should end. 9/10!"
,Recommended,272470,12160290,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Macjolle,Worth buying.
76561198051356609,Recommended,272470,12059332,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,TheHasazin,"Lets get started with the facts! Lower end pc owner BEWARE this game will either not run or will lag at 5 fps if your system isn't up to snuff. That being out of the way lets talk about the game, I got this on sale the other day thinking ""10$ for the game and dlc great deal right?"" well kinda. The poor optimization of the game for any computer kicked me hard, so I only got to play the prologue (like 5 minutes of gameplay). Then the fps went rock bottom at like 2-7 and it was unplayable, but what I saw before it all went south was worth the cost (if it ever works right). I got a good look at the skill system and all I can say is it was nice (Lot to look at and choices to make and the follower help that fact a lot). The gameplay is what you would expect from a game like torchlight so it works great. The story to me seemed to be the weakest part as right from the start it made me not really care at all. currently for my experiences with the game its a 3/10, but if i get it to work or get a new rig to play on it has an 8/10* potential. So yes i recommend it but only if you have a mid to high end rig."
,Recommended,272470,12097682,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Kristian_Dioxide,"Would definitely reccomend this game, it blends humour with just the right amount of plot and gravity to make a hugely enjoyable game with hundreds and hundreds of easter eggs , referencing anything from Sherlock Holmes to Skyrim. Its not the longest game but its definitely replayable."
76561198020969383,Recommended,272470,12068566,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Death By Fapping,"This game quickly became one of my favorite guilty pleasures. As I play more, I laugh more and become more intrigued. This game is not short on references from the fantasy world and will leave you reminising the good times had. All in all its a well made game with a well written story with little bits and pieces of ectasy thrown in for good measure. A strongly recommended buy."
,Recommended,272470,11758751,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,akawista,"As a hack'n'slash game VH2 is superb. I'm not a huge genre fan, but I really admire this game.It's very atmospheric & quite addictive in terms of gameplay. After some time I have to take a break, but for some reasonI keep coming back."
,Not Recommended,272470,11882869,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,thenikus,"I had such high hopes for this game. The first one was an instant classic. But this ""sequel"" is just a rehash with tacked on gimmicks that amount to nothing. The humor in the first one was very well done, but in this game, it's just painful.My advice: get the first game with all the DLCs. It's a much better experience than this one."
,Recommended,272470,11944561,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,GrayGL,"Just as difficult, amazing, and playable as the first Van Helsing~ you can transfer your level 30's over and get right into the game. The hud looks smoother, still not an ARPG for anyone who hasn't played other ARPGs, it's pretty much a vetern ARPG gamers game. Unless you play on easy, like a scrub"
76561198095216861,Recommended,272470,10983551,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,ThunderThighs,Very fun game. Its a lot like the diablo playstyle
76561198005444322,Recommended,272470,11076382,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,SilentDan,"A good Torchlight clone.  Lady Katerina is rather funny.  Lots of little easter eggs to find.I'm a bit confused about the reasons for this being a standalone game.  Van Helsing should really just have 1 game and DLC as the extra campaigns are added.  As it stands now, you need to have both games installed if you want to play a character class from the start of game 1 to the end of this one.  This game starts immediately after the end of the first game and allows you to either bring in an existing character, or start with a premade one.  Balance is a bit wonky at times as the mobs either present little risk, or instant death if they pull off the right attack.  The skill tree is a bit unneccessarly convoluted at times."
,Recommended,272470,11077051,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,SirSquishy,"Great game, but it suffers from the same problem that Diablo 3 once suffered as well. Lack of end-game content/No motivation  to keep on playing."
,Recommended,272470,11500019,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,[A].E.G.I.S,"If you played Torchlight II or the first Van Helsing game, you should definitely play this."
,Not Recommended,272470,10317000,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Ruisu,i cant recommend this game as it does not work i played the 1st level and enjoyed my self alot but when i try the 2nd level it crashes every time if the devs fix this it would be 10/10 but now 2/10
76561197994261864,Recommended,272470,11741528,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Itchy Scratch N' Sniff,"I enjoyed the first outing and find this to be just as enjoyable too, it has the same flaws, but I accept them.  Still a good ARPG game"
76561197968893935,Recommended,272470,12186808,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Alistair,"I've never seen the appeal of Diablos or Titan Quests, but Neocore's King Arthur was so enjoyable I thought I'd try their take on the clickclickclick genre. And I'm glad I did :) Both this and the first game have great atmosphere, character and humour, with enough variety to break-clickclickclick-up the parts I find less clickclickclick engaging. The tower defence, the sending your army on background missions, the pet all make things a bit more entertaining and it's a fairly original setting too. Looks beautiful as well, though my GPU fan does spin right up. No idea how stuff like build options compares to other games in the genre... and I don't care :)A good mid-tier game - looking forward to what's next.FOR A FREE BORGOVIA!"
76561198036616979,Recommended,272470,11972482,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,TS Warrior,"What a fun little game. A rare example of the sequel surpassing the original. In particular, I gotta love the huge number of easter eggs scattered about. Definitely makes the crawling and grinding a lot more fun! And then there's the beautifully twisted environments/levels. All in all, well worth the price of admission."
76561198041540430,Recommended,272470,13905945,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,King of all Cosmos,"So far it's a pretty good dungeon crawler, and the atmosphere is refreshing after so many purely medieval games in this genre. My one complaint is the jokes stuck into a game that has a somewhat serious tone. In my few hours of playing there's already been a harry potter, saving private ryan, and angry birds reference, all delivered clumsily, not even in a tongue-in-cheek way, with no real punchline or payoff, only serving to pull you out of the story. I still plan on playing this game for dozens of hours because I'm interested in loot, but the script and voice acting are pretty bad.-UPDATE AFTER PLAYING OVER 30 HOURS-I greatly enjoyed this game, and the extra scenarios they have after you've beaten veteran were a great idea to keep up replayability. Fun and addictive, the only thing obviously ""indie"" about the game  the extremely predictable story, which, although you can make choices, those choices really don't change much at all, they just offer a possibility of an extra mob or two to fight.  (which is my only complaint about the game), and I wish they expanded further on the missions where you can send commanders to complete objectives, and it wasn't just the same thing through every playthrough, where the commander choice was exceedingly obvoius and you get the same missions each game. I have had a few times where I've walked into a patch of land and not been able to move due to bad mapping, but I was able to TP out (if you walk far to the right of the entrance to the place that's attached by spiderwebs near the end of the campaign, wormwood chasm i think it's called, it's easy to get stuck in the geometry). Anyway, great game, I'll definitely look forward to more in this series."
,Recommended,272470,14136038,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,SNReloaded,I have absolutely loved the gameplay. I am looking forward to #3 coming out soon!
76561198077977632,Recommended,272470,14231813,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Misfortune-Teller,"The 2nd game improves everything the first one did great already, i recommend you play through the first VH just so you can follow the story and because it's an incredible game as well. VH2 is just amazing in everyway the story, gameplay, visuals, music, characters it's all here, definitely worth buying even at full price, im enjoying VH2 even more than i did the first and thats saying alot because VH1 was a completely stellar game in everyway."
76561198088970237,Not Recommended,272470,14174141,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Ciro,Too many crashes during multiplayer.
,Recommended,272470,14130217,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Falkus,"Not the longest action RPG but certainly the funniest. I've found hidden references to Half-Life, Alien, Drizzt Do'Urden, Lord of the Rings and Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas among many others.The banter between Katarina and Van Helsing is awesome as always and will brighten up your gaming session.Itemisation is pretty straight forward and uncomplicated. You find an item and you compare it to whatever it is you are wearing. Displayed stats will show whether or not it's an upgrade. Simple stuff.Combat is fluid and easy but the game has issues with balancing certain combat situations. The Foundry, I'm looking at you!Often you simply be swarmed and pummeled to death forcing you to either restart in your Lair or at nearest checkpoint. You could also resurrect right then and there but it will cost you quite a bit of money in doing so.It took me around 11 hours to finish this game and I was doing some random exploration in the process. I assume that if you'll go for 100% completion of each chapter this game will have ~14-15hrs of playtime, maybe.It's a pretty decent game, all in all, some flaws that seem to have carried over from the first game but nothing really gamebreaking.A solid 7/10. Well worth your cash."
76561198132756021,Recommended,272470,13962639,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Silas Greaves,i like this game
,Recommended,272470,13966068,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,ethrhys,"wanna play diablo 2, torchlight, sacred 2, tower defense, and (add your reference here) mixed at one game? then this is your game."
76561198011604006,Recommended,272470,13970175,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Saboth,"Ok, so you played The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing I, and you may not have been impressed. Skills were a bit lackluster and some were obviously far superior to others, loot drops were bland and uninteresting, and many of the missions felt like a slog. Van Helsing 2 fixes all of that. Way more skills, more variations of builds, massive loot variation (want to build a tanky mage? Sure). Your ghost companion can now do some good DPS, support, or whatever you choose. There's always something different to do. The tower defense games are better (you can skip them if you dont' like tower defense). Sending your underlings on missions is a good mini game in itself. The isometric pov is better. It feels like a different game altogether, and is more addictive and fun than the original."
76561198017791248,Recommended,272470,13970260,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,LrdSchnitzel,"Very good, underestimated, wisely rounded top-down RPG.*Spoiler-Alert!*You are not only going to meet R2D2 with a message from Princess Leia, you can also encounter the mystical Jack The Ripper and send him to hell.You will fight against a machinery out of Soldiers, Giant Mutants, Robotspiders (!damn you robotic spiders!), Giant Tarantulas and more..As a lover of TopDown RPG Worlds like Titan Quest: IT, this was (like some british doodes would say) ""a good pennyworth.""I brougt the complete pack with the discount of 66%. And thanks to the frontline, that I've encountered this masterpiece!Btw. you can also send your own soldiers to battles and let them handle the sidequests or you defend the tunnels in a minigame like TOWERDEFENSE. (Awesome btw. so i will add some !!! here)All in All:Its worth every Penny I've spend on this game.+ Graphics+ Camerashake and Explosions+ Skilltree+ Gimmix / Secrets (Like Batmansign :)+ Tons of enemy's+ Multiple way's to die and kill+ Landscape+ Minigames- StoryYes, the only Point is within the Story. Its .. pretty short. Within 20h of insane Gameplay would beat the Storyline( ) For the future I would like to see something like the involving of Steam Workshop and an extended Storyline. Or DLC ... or the third game ^^Regards"
76561198188799801,Not Recommended,272470,15139014,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Hakumei,I bought this game with the intention of having a great time with my friend in the co-op story mode.Never got the chance.This game is riddled with bugs:Quests/dialogues that freeze the game in multiplayer do so even in single player mode - how will I even proceed?Teleporting/entering portals crashes the game in multiplayer.I regret investing in this game.2/10. +1 for the music at the main menu (which I keep returning to thanks to the constant crashes/restarts) and -9 for wasting a potentially good game.
,Recommended,272470,14953301,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,simbosan,"Mindless (mostly) addictive fun.  A good sequel, a couple of times I thought ""oh no! not more tower defense!"" but it was done well and was easy enough to be a fun diversion.Thoroughly recommended if ARPG are your thing"
76561198001004259,Not Recommended,272470,15117692,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,msimpson,This game has some serious multiplayer bugs.  It oftain looses sync and you have to restart the game.  It seems to be ok during single player but you will find that animations and monsters just stop working when playing in multiplayer mode.I purchased two copies of this game for me and my wife and it has been a waste of money.  If you want to play multiplayer then look elsewhere.
76561198047370684,Not Recommended,272470,15065601,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Vana,"The game itself is great, however the negative review is for the support. I've made 3x carecters each gotten to lvl 35/37 and the game crashes on the same level once i attack an enemy. ive tried to follow all the fixes offered on the forumns and nothing is helping. so essentualy ive spend money on a great game that i can only play untill lvl 35 -.-."
76561198067134560,Recommended,272470,14083064,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,fitzjohna,"9/10I bought this game at a reduced price after reading some very good reviews. I was completely new to the franchise but picked up the game relatively quickly. At the time of wrting this reveiw I have completed the game with one of the three characters and I have just started a new story with a second character on veteran. The veteran option allows you to play the story mode from a level 30 character which was a really nice addition which provided a very different style of gameplay and more features, so it was as if you are getting two games for the price of one. However I was initally confused why I was only level 30 after completing the campaign on casual mode.Gamplay functions as a normal RPG should. however I do stuggle with some aspects such as very small action bars (1-6) and the left mouse being responsible for movement and the primary attack which would send me running into a hoarde of enemies instead of attacking them. Bosses are challenging and hoardes of enemies can take you down even on the easy settings.  The tower defence, chimera and resistence side quests/activities/tasks are a nice aspect of the game which allow you to earn more money and experience whilst keeping you entertained. Sometimes the game crashes which is inconveinient but it hasn't drastically affected my gameplay.The amount of choice is with regard to skills and items is mind boggling. It is as if each item is compeltely unique and offers a different range of stats which is great however it can become time consuming to make a decision as to what you want to equip. There are excellent features in the options that allow you to automatically equip the best items though. The skill tree/ tricks/ auras are fairly large for both you and your ghostly companion and as such I spent a lot of time make decisions about how to spend my skill/ability points.Overall it is pleasure to play and will probably keep me entertained for 2 or 3x the time I have already played. Thanks!(This was the first review I've ever wrote so feedback is welcome)"
76561197975852077,Recommended,272470,14075616,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,WuShuSoldierChickens,"Very surprising for me.  What a treat to play this game and even gives you more control over your Experience tree perks/magic.  very beautiful graphics well put toghether package for a really good price.  I believe this may be my mmo of choice even before diablo 3 ruined the matched sets in their game.  Rare items are pretty cool, even though Ive only found a few so far.  I'm gonna have to play more before I give it a real rating...as is I give it a 8/10 overall vs a 7/10 for diablo 3."
,Not Recommended,272470,13441838,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,bad_cluster,"This game is incredibly boring!Story is very short, the world is very small.All areas are prebuilt and never change, even scenarios use the same maps from the story mode with quest objects removed, usually populated by the same enemies. Only global conditions (buffs/debuffs) to players and enemies and area objectives change (that's not enough).Difficulty in this game means large enemy numbers with high health. There is only two types of enemies (they only look different) melee or ranged and they often spawn smaller minions non stop, that's it! As a result the game will always put you to sleep from being too easy, or if you raise the difficulty, from monotonous neverending battles.The game is filled with countless pop culture references some are funny and seamlessly incorporated, but vast majority is just too obvious and bland, to the point of being simple word to word quotes - very boring.It looks decent, and should appeal to all who like Victorian steampunk, but again that's not nearly enough.PS:If you are still interested, buy it during deeply discounted sale, and do not buy any DLC for it, they are of the worst kind (the kind that does not add or improve anything, and provides more of the same at even lower quality than the game itself)."
,Recommended,272470,15331637,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Zaotron,"Fun 15-hour experience.Van Helsing II was very satisfying to play! It doesn't try to drag the campaign out with fillers, so it always feels fresh. New elements are introduced all the way into the end-game, so even while your character progresses, you are also exposed to new mini-games such as tower defense, side missions using your 4 captains, and treasure hunting using your chimera.It doesn't feel repetitive at all, unless you're going for a second playthrough.Which is the other very nice thing I like about the game. It lets you CHOOSE right from the beginning if you want to start at level 1 or level 30. I always picked level 30, because then it lets you access mid-progression skills right from the get-go, instead of grinding your way into a second playthrough in order to unlock the good skills.Rating: 9/10"
76561198090818170,Not Recommended,272470,14482620,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Pupik,The game is super laggy on Mac.
,Not Recommended,272470,14559007,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Delius,"I would love to review this game, I really would, however I've run into 2 game breaking bugs in the 38 minutes I've managed to play."
76561198038369707,Recommended,272470,14524277,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,360NoScope31!73,If you enjoy torchlight or diablo do yourself a favor and buy this game. It should be regarded as the best arpg/tower defence game on the market I can not wait to buy Deathtrap because my favorite part of this game was the tower defense I wish it had more levels. I have played torchlight 1 and 2 both over 100 hours as well as Diablo II. This game destroys them and should be the first thing meantioned after ARPG. This is not a left and right click masher there is alot more spell/life/mana/combo management than the other games meantioned. I played a full story on the heroic setting and it was not easy to survive so I would consider this game challenging as well. If you like ARPGs and Tower Defense games Don't Hesitate BUY THIS GAME. The metacritic score is low imho. The story is good as well as the voice actors and there is some good humor mixed into the game with references to famous movies and a famous game as well. I heard this game had a rocky launch but it works solid now. When I bought the game last week a patch came out and I had crashes but a hotfix was released 48 hours later that fixed any issues I had. GREAT GAME!!!
76561198041012229,Not Recommended,272470,14516743,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Kecoey,"The game is pretty fun.However, the humor in it is so unbelievably bad that I cannot get myself to play it."
76561198181312958,Recommended,272470,15000339,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,DEATHLOCK1980,"Reason why I brought this game:  to find ARPG to replace D3Hours on D3:  2500 approximatelyGraphics:  decent, a bit low on spells / effects compare to D3Voice acting & storyline:  great job done here, I enjoyed it way more than D3 which actually disgusted me on how they killed of cain and other varies stuffGameplay overall:  smooth most of the time, skills and gears are much more flexible than D3 which REQUIRES you to have specific drops, otherwise you will need to farm for years on end..Game definitely have a lot more to offer than D3: REAPER OF SOULS, scenarios vs rift / grift are much more fun; challenging; and sophisticated.  I did not regret getting this game, and are very satisfied with it."
76561198041175510,Recommended,272470,14818627,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,KloseRanger,great game! love it....
,Not Recommended,272470,14681557,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,proglore,"The game is unplayable in coop, the game crashes when loading many times, I could not finish it with a friend because we could not continue as always crashed while loading. Whether I was the host that if he did."
,Recommended,272470,14251373,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Shadycheese,"I have windows 8 64bit. There have been issues with it not starting up. I have reached to support constantly day after day. They have only suggested what is already on the support forums. It has been months since my first email and they have only responded twice. I was so excited to play the game but support offers no help and doesn't even respond anymore. I literally had to keep opening the game and get the error message to get to the 5 minutes of ""gametime"" to post this review.Game really reminds me of the Diablo 2, that being said, if you are a fan of that, get this game!EDIT: neocore games was able to help me fix 64bit support and now the game works!"
,Recommended,272470,14358424,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Becel,Gr8 game
,Recommended,272470,14362153,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,=UO= ThisOneGuy,A fun and funny Action RPG in the Diablo style with lots of loot and 'splosions.
,Recommended,272470,34055666,Posted: 6 August,all,stan0,The game is definitely fun to play. It has nice gameplay features and the story is interesting to follow. The dialogs could be fun and there are small things (details) all over the game that could make you smile :)
