user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,273070,9886110,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,XartaX,"I'm really disappointed by the launch of this game. There is lots of depth in a way, but most of it is irrelevant. Most of the gameplay just boils down to slowly getting opinion modifiers to grow. The most efficient way to play the game seems to be to just ignore most of the game mechanics. For example, in my current game I have two epidemics on two different planets. It's plunged the health meter to -40K and it's sinking by 100 every month. Vaccines show up as available tech in the tech list, but I can't actually start a research project with the affected race to unlock it. Despite this massive plunge in health, the races effectiveness doesn't seem to be hampered much at all, and the only real problem for them is that they have close to no ground power, but their space power is completely unaffected.The computer advisor also mentioned planetary bombardment at some point, but I've yet to find a way to actually do it. The other races seem to just kill themselves by throwing their troops at the Burlust homeworld meatgrinder. Solving anything in a military faction without having the Burlust at your side and space superiority seems very hard, and certainly not worth the effort. No, the far easier (and more boring) road is to just play the opinion slider game. After starting a federation it only took me about 5 minutes to get almost all the planets to join it by spamming influence tasks and giving away technologies. It's kinda weird that the game has so many mechanics and charts and such, and 99% of it is completely irrelevant and unimportant.In addition it almost seems nigh impossible to actually lose the game in a legitimate fashion. The only things that have killed me so far has been ♥♥♥♥ing up a battle, rather than performing any overall strategical mistakes. As someone who has put more than 500 hours into Europa Universalis 4, I find calling this a grand strategy a huge insult to the genre. There is no strategic difficulty to be found here. The biggest (only) decision seems to be what order you want to do things in (which races to found your federation with).The game also seems to have its fair share of bugs. In addition to the epidemic thing I mentioned earlier, I was also trying to get rid of insurgents on a planet and it put me up against 90 ships. The race I had selected to help me didn't send anything. I tried again with different members of my federation, but every time I didn't have a single ally in sight when the actual battle started.And then there's how a boatload of the game mechanics make no sense at all. Take technologies for example: You can easily convince a race to give away a tech (any tech) free of charge (for the other race, you have to cough up a few credits) to another race without any difficulty at all, but there is no way whatsoever to make them give or sell it to you personally. It's pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that someone who is literally worshipping the ground you walk on wont help you outfit your ship (forcing you to attack them for their technology if there is noone who can, or is willing to, research it together with you), but they will give away their national secrets to a competing country for just a few credits.Bottom line, in it's current form this game just seems to be broken on so many levels. It's not fun, most of the mechanics aren't important, although they seem interesting, and they seem to be implemented extremely poorly (I'm looking at you, epidemics and unbeatable Burlust ground power). The only thing that is keeping me playing for now is the potential for what the game could have been. But that's not what it is. There is the possibility of the game being hugely improved down the line through patches and DLC, but as it is right now I can't really recommend it.Edit: If you feel this review isn't helpful, feel free to comment on it in the comment section (click the ""Not Recommended"" text on the top of the review - it's a hyperlink). If there is something about the game you'd like explained which I haven't adressed, I will try to explain it if you ask (and if it's relevant for the full review, I'll put it here). If you think I have some factual errors feel free to point it out and we can see if we can clear it up. If you just disagree with my opinions it'd be nice if you didn't rate it as unhelpful, as a review is just a collection of such opinions. If you feel that something I think is negative wouldn't affect your enjoyment of the game (or the other way around), the review would still be helpful to you since it gives you information about it : )---------------Updates since initial review:What's been patched to my knowledge:Testing during patch v1.002:- You can now research techs with other races even if they already know the tech, giving you access to them without raiding. This seems to be a patchwork fix, though, as it thematically makes no sense that you help a race research something they are already supposed to know.- Races with incredibly strong ground presence are now actually beatable. I'm not 100% sure exactly what caused this change, but I'm assuming it's the other races actually using planetary bombardment now (because the races I saw attack the Burlust in my game should not have been able to beat them in a ground battle).Example graph:http://snag.gy/WMgtB.jpgThe dip in the red/purple graphs is post-patch. Before that you can see the Acutians repeatedly dipping due to just being slaughtered over and over although the federation has complete space dominance:http://snag.gy/l84SR.jpgFederation members are Acutians, Andor, Evuck, Skylaxians and Peltians.Testing during patch v1.003/v1.005- While ground combat seems to be fixed now, space combat seems to have taken a trip to nonsense land. Here is a screencap from my current campaign:http://snag.gy/IGiJg.jpgYou can see the Acutians constantly sending ships to the Bovarine home planet, and in fact they have around twice as much total power on their planet right now (25026 vs 13332). Even so, the Bovarine completely annihilate the Acutian fleets over and over without any problem whatsoever. In fact, before that screenshot I completely wiped out all their ships with a direct assault and the Acutians started their ground assault while in orbit, but it took them literally seconds to kick them off their planet through their production alone from scratch. As the Acutians control 3 planets and have way better quality ones as well, this doesn't exactly make sense (not to mention their technological advantage). Illustrated in a power graph:http://snag.gy/Adp7z.jpg- The devs have now implemented ""Federation points"" which more or less represent a races desire to join a federation. If anything, this implementation shows how this is clearly a beta product right now, as this is a completely new feature coming out of nowhere.Additional complaints:- Attacking anti federation insurgents is a horribly bugged mess. I once managed to get an ally to actually join me in the fight instead of sending nothing, and their ships turned up... hostile to me and allied to the insurgents. That said, combat is ridiculously easy on the normal difficulty, and I can kill a fleet having 10-15 flagships (you have one) and outnumbering me maybe 100 to 1 (counting medium/small ships) without diverting ANY power to shields. I'd play Ironman if the combat was skipable, but I'd hate to replay an entire campaign because of a single mistake in a combat (although it's easy, you can die fast if you mis-play with no power to shields, but play correctly and you should be able to kill a fleet of almost any size).Anyways, this is apparantly around the max size of a review, so I can't really document further testing. If you have any specific questions about the state of the game, feel free to ask in the comment section. If I ever feel like the game is in a state where I can recommend it, I will change my review accordingly."
76561198043221198,Recommended,273070,12342670,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Necromaster,"Freakin brilliant game about political intrigue and space battles.  My first game I saved everyone but the burlusts who were so hated by everyone that they were at continous war with everyone.  So i use the skylaxians to spread military technology around to everyone else in the federation which was everyone.  This includes the Acutians who hate me with all their robotic hearts, but they are in the fed and the burlusts need to die before i can win.  It's 70 years later and the burlust homeworld is about to fall.  When all of a sudden the acutians pull out of the federation, and take the burlusts planet while they are weak.  Well, I thought to myself, everyone else in the solar system against two planets owned by the acutians, this will be a cakewalk.   As it turns out the only people in the Fed who hated the acutians enough to go to war with them were the Pelatians.  So i have to spend some 50 years dragging the acutians reputation through mud before everyone finally agrees to go to war with them.  Problem is at this point the acutians have finished the tech tree in its entirety largely thanks to the boost I had the skylaxians give them.  So begins a long drawn out war of attrition between the alliance and the acutians.  After 30 years of war with no visible progress, I decide that I need to finish out my tech tree, so I can actually fight all these assasins the acutians keep sending after me.  So I finish out the tech tree taking about a century to do so.   Now at this point i had essntially gotten infinite money.  So i thought to myself how will i kill the acutians when they keep breeding like rabbits.  Then it hit me.  I'll just pay the evucks a crap-ton of money to poison the environment and ruin the medical capablities of the Acutians with their probes.  So a few million later and the acutians planets are cesspools of disease.  At which point a virus springs up.  I then hire a small army of 60 bioterrorists to infect every last acutian with this virus.  5 years later the acutians are dead, and I win the game.   Great game with nearly an infinite number of options.  No two games will ever be the same."
,Recommended,273070,12599591,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Keohane,"Another game with a bizzare amount of support from the developer. He (it's a one man show) is in constant communication with the players, taking their advice and just... trying it out. The game is much better for it, but it changes DRASTICALLY every few months becaue he's constantly laboring to improve it. Single player only, but this can be a great way to spend your time."
,Recommended,273070,12722842,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,IIIStrife,"After playing for 32 hours and only jsut now beating this game for hte first time, I can say without a doubt that getting this game is definitely worth the time. ONE play session lasted me for a full 8 hours, unlike Civ, You seriously cannot rush this game, atleast not when new like I am.If you're worried if the game's fun, don't, I enjoyed every minute, when i wasn't getting upset, crying, almost internally dying at my own stupidity as the game screwed me a good 6 times each.This game is very rather unique in it's own way, I'm fairly sure you won't find another like it for years to come.You will get your money's worth in this game. Despite the looks, I love this game almost as much as Civ 2: Test of Time, my all-time favorite.The feeling you'll get when you beat the game for the first time is even better than killing a hard Dark Souls 1 boss. The bliss I am now feeling is... beyond words right now.In the game's current state, it is now actually decently easy to play in comparison to past versions, if before wasn't a good time to get it, now's good.The game itself is a clever blend of strategy and shooter, seeming ot be able to go from Real-Time strategy game with a ""galaxy"" map and a pause button, then go into battle and it's more like Demonstar, only a turn-based, tactical, strategic shooter version in combat.Combat is simple, but complicated at the same time, with just enough to not be too much to new players.The game has you trying to unite a system composed to 8 civilizations, all crowded together, in an alliance. Each race has their own ideals and even their own way of doing things and personalities, no two races are the same, and that's where the challenge comes from.A couple will always pick a fight, two or three will always be technologically ahead, there is a rather weak race who is easy to get in good terms with ofcourse, but everybody is different.There's so much to do in this game, all that one really needs to do is find what they need to do and do it.The soundtrack and art design is simply wonderful, I personally love it, now that races will be on randomized planets, it makes it even better.The tutorial is Very well done with new players directly in mind as it explains EVERYTHING at an even pace, and does so in-depth aswell, unlike many other games on Steam today.There is no tutorial level thankfully, the tutorial itself is integrated into hte game itself, and entries can be called upon later in the menu, later in the game if you've missed how to change power levels on your ship, or start making the federation.Beating this game for the first time on the lowest of difficulties gave me a feeling that not even beating Dark Souls 2's bosses gave me.Ultimately, this game gets a 7/10 in my books; I can't describe it, it's just this game is so nicely done in every way, it oozes creativity, quality and it is clear the Developer has put their heart into making this game.I simply love this game."
,Recommended,273070,22371705,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Anzhou,"This game is not for everyone. It's a nonstandard 4X game with heavy emphasis on diplomacy, and is extremely niche in an already niche genre. If you don't think manipulating everything from behind the scenes is fun, then walk away from this game and never look back. However, if you do enjoy that, then this game might be for you.The Last Federation is a well-designed strategy game with a surprising amount of depth. You play as a lone mercenary, and watch as the AI builds its empires. Your goal is to nudge the AI in a way that will ultimately create a Federation that spans the solar system. Your actions rarely have an immediate payoff, but over time you can decide which planets become wastelands and which ones become paradise. It's a thing of beauty, to subtly change a few numbers early on, and watch the butterfly effect go.The combat system is a turn-based bullet hell, where you can manage power distribution, plot out movement, and use weapons/abilities. The tutorial places a lot of emphasis on combat, but managing RCI and influence is far more important. While you can hold off an overwhelming invasion force for a while or smash apart a stalemate, combat is only one tool out of many in your arsenal. It's up to the player to figure out when to get their hands dirty, and when to sit back and help build up armadas.The game has an excellent soundtrack, shiny art, and a very coherent design. The story is solid, if a bit cliche. The game has a rather light-hearted tone, with blurbs of snark and sarcasm coming from your AI assistant as the solar system evolves. The screen does get cluttered later in the game, but the option to clean it up does exist. Critical information is very well presented and accessible, but may get overwhelming to new players despite the tutorial. The developers have given an incredible amount of attention to detail, to the point where I can still discover new interactions after 40 hours of playing the game. There are many mechanics and interactions that go unexplained, although there is a bit of appeal in discovering them for yourself.It's impossible to do much on your own in The Last Federation. You just can't hope to make or break interplanetary empires with your single ship.  You will have to rely on the various AI races to do the dirty work for you. The DLCs add in new game modes, but the gameplay patterns stays the same: AI does the heavy lifting, and you guide it and stack the deck in your favor. With a randomly generated solar system, there's a healthy amount of replayability. The game does stagnate after you figure out the optimal strategy, but there's a lot of fun to be had as you learn it.The Last Federation is a solid, niche strategy game. If you're looking for a standard 4X game, you will be disappointed. If you're interested in this game solely for its combat mechanics then I would advise against getting it, because it's only a small portion of the game itself. But if you're looking for a strategy game with heavy emphasis on diplomacy and manipulation, then I would strongly recommend it."
76561198035366155,Not Recommended,273070,17130606,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,ScorpionWasp,"Think Civilization (or Master of Orion, if you're familiar with that) except instead of playing a civilization, you play an independent demi-god that gets to freely meddle in and shape everyone's affairs. And while the writing is very funny and the soundtrack is lovely, some design decisions turn the game part of this into a bit of a farce.You have way too much power over the entire simulated world. Pretty much every variable is directly and easily changed by a metaphorical snap of your fingers and a selection on a menu. You can make anyone like or dislike anyone else. You can quickly ravage anyone's homeworld by messing with their 4 economic indicators and there's nothing they can do about that. Alternatively, you can quickly turn them into an obscene super power, and they cannot do that on their own. Owing to the fact you're completely and instantly healed at the end of every battle, which you can escape from anytime you like, you can destroy virtually infinite numbers of ships, if you but have the patience. You can be delayed, but never stopped. Nothing in the game will ever challenge you; nothing *can* challenge you when you are given this much control over everything. Higher difficulty settings only cause things to take longer; they don't make you any less likely to succeed. The irony here is that beneath the dozens of daunting menus and hardcore aesthetic, what you have is an ultra casual game. And that's what ultimately makes The Last Federation pointless to play."
,Recommended,273070,19314248,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Omega068,"Note: This review is based on the non-DLC version of the game.The Last Federation is a very odd game idea.  4X games and games which employ diplomacy aren't necessarily new.  Nor are turn-based space shooters, but putting them together isn't something you see everyday.  So naturally when I heard stories from TotalBiscuit on the Co-optional podcast about how he eventually got everyone to stop killing eachother by comitting genocide I was both amused and intrigued.I then ignored it for about half a year.  I needed something new to stream and since I don't have a particularly good internet connection I'm really limited in my choices. I decided to try a few different things out and Last Federation simply blew the competition out of the water.In the Last Federation, you are the last Hydral in a solar system of races that hate your guts since your race was a bunch of asshats that decided to stop everyone else from getting into space.  Karmic retribution in the form of rockets attached to your homeworld's moon turned out to be the last thing anyone did to interact with your people in a very permanent fashion.  The only reason you're not dead is because you smuggled space faring technology to another race.  That race plops you in prison and everyone goes about their business.  A long time later they make it to space with a strong flagship. You break out of prison and take the flagship.So thus this is your starting scenario.  One race hates your guts and the  rest are pretty neutral to you.  Time to create a federation and stop everyone from killing eachother off.  Kind of, but we'll get to that later.This is a 4X game where you don't have a race.   You are just a powerful diplomat running around the map.  If it was just this, then it would have been an interesting, if ultimately shallow, experience.  But Last Federation takes it further with an interesting turn based space combat game that takes the place of automated combat in other 4X games.You can do everything here from attacking or aiding defense armadas in wars, to killing pirates, stealing techonology, space stations, assassinating leaders, or giving space faring tech to races not yet in space.   During this mode you get the ability to move, damage with your weapons, or use special abilities that clear shots from around you and affect the battlefield. I specifically mention the shot clearing because enemies spam the battlefield with shots in practically every direction.  It reminds me greatly of bullet hell games in this respect.  Usually your best defense is to dodge out of the way.  But sometimes you don't get that option and you get shot down or have to run.With a few exceptions, the penalty for this is time. If you get shot down you're out of the action for a year and the races get left to their own for a while.  Which will likely wreck any plans you have in some way.  But doesn't end the game.  It can be quite fun to just roll with the punches when you make mistakes and see what happens.Despite all this praise, the game does have some drawbacks.  Graphically the battles are very pretty, but the 4X mode leaves alot to be desired. It is essentially a flat picture with icons above the different planets that races own.  There is no real ability to zoom in on these or get any more details about the worlds you are looking at save the occasional drawn art.  While this is serviceable, it could definitely be better.Next the game employs a staggered tutorial system that introduces concepts as you get further into the  game. These tutorials are fine, but they are very information heavy and sometimes introduce concepts that you can't really utilize for a while.  For example, the tutorial about research explained that you can research your own stuff at space stations you control! The ability to control a space station didn't pop up for me until much, much later. As a result I kind of forgot to make use of this until another playthrough.  The tutorials get you where you need to be, but they could be cleaned up a bit.Finally the game's win condition is maybe a bit too simple given the story.  Basically you need to create a federation and then either kill off everyone not in the federation or absorb them into it.  The only real failure conditions are the death of all Federation races or your own (This can happen in only a couple of situations.  But yes there are a couple fights that can end you permanently.)  The implication at the beginning is that you are trying to prevent genocide from occuring again with the Federation, only to turn around and do it yourself.  Actually uniting all of the races without one of them dying is very, very difficult. There are different types of achievements for accomplishing this with limited sets of races.  And this I'm fine with, but it seems like the game was designed for the solar system peace situation and less so for the others. It's not a big deal, but it does feel weird.Beyond this the game has a great deal of statistics available to you which help decision making should you desire it.  It can also come across as a bit intimidating, but I found it very worthwhile to get a handle on it all and use it to help my chances of success.  Ultimately, I was really happy I learned it all and really ended up loving this game.  If you enjoy Civ, Galatic Civ, the Endless series, or really any other games in this genre then give this a try. You'll probably really like it!(Note: The DLC does introduce some backstory variations to help some of this make more sense.  It also adds the ability to join and control a race so you get The Last Federation and a more traditional 4X experience at the same time.  I have not tried them yet.  But given the base game I probably will look into it and update this at some point.)"
,Recommended,273070,13874944,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Thanos,"I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game. Once I got the basics down it seemed a bit short and somewhat easy (simpler playthroughs being completed in one sitting). But the achievements, multiple difficulty settings, and procedural generation lend hours upon hours of replay-ability to the title. If you're like me and wish more strategy games allowed you to manipulate AI players without crushing them into the dirt you need to play The Last Federation. Although crushing them into the dirt is still a viable option..."
76561198004387279,Not Recommended,273070,12955196,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Pentalis,"I bought the game impulsively because of the pitching.Allow me to explain my experience with the game like a story, so that I can make clear why I don't recommend it (warning: this is bound to contain minor spoilers):First thing I face is the intro music of the game; very good music, it gave a good first impression. I always try to start custom maps in games, so I tried to do that in my first try, and I got a popup suggesting I try QuickPlay instead. I took the advice. Then came the picture of the hydra and the story of what happened to you, what are you doing and why are you doing it. I have a weakness for mythological monsters so the idea of playing a space hydra was just too cool to miss.Unfortunately, the game's use the word ""race"" and the typical ""-ian"" ending for their names (Acurian, Peltarian, etc)) gave me the impression the game's lore would be very cheesy (just like in games like Galactic Civilizations and Master of Orion, which were enjoyable but definitely cheesy story-wise). All according to my prediction, the game presented good-old mostly anthropomorphic aliens (even the completely robotic race had an unnecesarily human body), with a very juvenile view of politics, ""economy"" and intrigue; the lore was more or less a repetition of old soft sci-fi tropes, nothing special.What could have been Mount and Blade in space, turned out to be mostly a game of Spreadsheet Commander; even though the game does have unique mechanics for each ""race"", for influence and credit gain, it is still just 2 abstract and lifeless concepts that you are trading back and forth: credit, and influence. And even beneath this apparent layer of complexity the game _feels_ just like the same in every planet. The purported ""Grand Strategy"" element of the game didn't get to play out. But man was the music catchy.I didn't get to enjoy trade or cooperation or diplomacy, it really, really felt like Spreadsheet Commander for the short time I got myself to endure it.And then comes the combat... I will skip it, I don't even want to explain it, but it's really mediocre. It's fun the first few times but, I just can't get myself to see anything interesting about playing turn-based combat with a single ship; and maybe in the future you get to do more interesting things with other ships, but I will quote the very game's Logbook here ""in battle, you just have You and whatever allies you managed to get, against your enemies"", and when I fought enemies with allies by my side, I still could only pilot my own ship. So I'm going to assume the game will always only let you pilot or give orders to your own ship; this is hardly a ""Grand Strategy"" combat style. I consider the combat system so mediocre, that the game would've been better without it; it could be replaced with an abstracted combat method, in the Spreadsheet Commander spirit that the rest of the game took.Do I think the game has no merit at all?, No, I think it has some, but I'm very picky with games, and this game just couldn't get me hooked. But the music is really good, and so is the art. So... I will just pretend I paid for a music album and a nice hydra picture and leave it at that.Also, so you can get an idea of what games I enjoy (and you can tell whether to trust my taste or not):Mount and Blade: > 500 hoursCrusader Kings II: > 100  (this game is quite the map-painting simulator, but it had <something> that made it feel a little more than that, and so it did get me hooked).Civilization V: > 400 hoursStarbound: > 100 hoursDota 2: > 100 hoursThat's an example of some of the games in my library.Happy gaming."
,Recommended,273070,13762236,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,"Sir Atche, the Garlick Knight","The first time I played this, it ended up a 2,000 year long uncontrollable bloodbath with 2 surviving races.The second time, the hivemind wiped out the communist sloths immediately and I created the ultimate alliance to wipe them out, with their single ally. Partially by collapsing the economy of an entire planet. And throwing away the lives of billions upon billions of people.10/10."
76561198005003301,Recommended,273070,15438572,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Bob,Unique game that feels like you are one of the monsters in someone elses 4X game (think of the guardian in Masters Of Orion 2).Fun combat and interesting mechanics make this a game you should try out if you are looking for something different.
76561198001841569,Recommended,273070,13858468,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Caridous,"This is a soft reccomendation. I loved AI War Fleet, and this game has as unique an idea as that did. It's a great concept, and requires some ingenuity to complete with all races surviving.That being said, the end game can be frustrating, as it starts slowing down, and I have yet to have a rebel group I sent down on a planet recapture their planet AND hold on to it (even with me defending it and bolstering its defences.)Buy if you want a game that's not about blowing everyone up, and instead requires some thinking, and hard decisions. To have all races survive is quite a challengeDon't buy if you're looking for a game that's a clone of Galactic Civilizations, Sins of a Solar Empire or Endless Space"
,Recommended,273070,16750799,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,DYSIOD☰,"In a market currently saturated by 4x titles I really couldn't justify picking this up, even with TB's recommendation. I didn't know what I was missing.It's really Politics Simulator 2014 with 4x elements, which is a nice change from every other 4x with elements of politics tacked on. Each race has it's own unique way of interacting with them. One has a senate you need proxy votes to use, another is ruled by warlords you have to fight to the death to gain respect with (as an added bonus, you get to play a mini, turn-based Danmaku game here). These differences not only helps keep the gameplay interesting, but bring your own personality into the game much more naturally, ""Oh. You owl-sloths. You shall be my minions. HAHAHA""Even though I don't usually roleplay with games, I feel like this one just draws it out of me without really trying.Overall, it's a real gem of a game with a lot of depth and replaybility. Buy it."
76561198049313249,Recommended,273070,26392322,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,nerevarine,"The BEST worst (or worst BEST) purchases I've ever made.PROLOGUE OF THE REVIEW:After reading a ton of reviews, seeing some gameplay vids, I've concluded those people are just shills trying to make an ""avant garde"" game sound like something it totally isn't.Why would they do that?Because no one would buy this FRIGGIN' type of game as-is, at-all, ever--if they truly knew what genre it is. UNLESS, they've been duped into buying it cuz others have misrepresented its genre. OR, they're familar with this genre, or want something entirely fresh, or are cult-like followers of the developer (we've seen them folks around before, haven't we people?).So this devolves into semantics, which is not good start for this game.It appears to me: fans seem to go out of their way to paint it incorrectly.Despite that, IS THIS a GOOD game?GENRE IDENTITY CRISIS:First, let's clarify the game's genre.It's unique. That sums it up.In my opinion, it's a TURN-BASED PUZZLE GAME in a SCI-FI STRATEGY SETTING, with some ARCADE-LIKE ACTION SEQUENCES.GAMEPLAY:You START out at the menu with a plethora of gameplay options.Honestly, these don't mean diddley squat because the game is like NOTHING you've ever played, it makes no sense to tinker around with any of this. Seriously. Instead, just try to pick what seems like the ""default"" gameplay, and start. This way, you'll get an idea of how it is. If you want, you can adjust things to make it ""easier"" for noobs, err, newbs. Which is hilarious because......after you click through the pages of still images reading all the text telling the story, you'll be dumped into the game and have ABSOLUTELY NO BLOODY IDEA WHAT THE HECK IS GOING ON.There is a MAP of ""space"". Fans call it ""map of the galaxy"".What a joke.It's roughly around 10 planets/locations.SO, you play this monsterous alien hydra titan that looks like it could devour Cthulhu.Your the last of a race whose world/people are wiped out, and you can work to unite the races or destroy 'em or whatever. You don't control ""your own empire"". You're more of guy ""behind the scenes"" spending the entire game manipulating the other races.Other races have 1 Planet.NOT some ""empire"".So how do you PLAY THIS?You basically spend almost the whole game clicking on menus.You can click on the other worlds/places and you immediately ""zip"" across to there.Then, you get to access THEIR menus, to see the things you can click on to do.Like: hire some guys, hire some researchers, help them develop something, sell them some tech, help with something else.  Very detailed menus (and everything is detailed UP THE WAZOO with descriptions), explain the PROS and CONS of each option.Approx. 80% or more of anything you find on any of the menus you are told YOU CAN'T DO, because you need to raise rep, or do something else, or get special points in something, and there's a huge plethora of INFO about each of those things to figure out what the hamhock-heck they are.If you CAN ACTUALLY find something it WILL let you do...SHOULD you do it?AND THAT'S where the genius of the strategy/puzzle aspect encompassing this game is at!Doing an act, might lower relations with another race, for example. You might upset ""the balance"" or whatever.If you decide to do the act, you...CLICK to do it.Then, just spam END-TURN until a text pops-up and says something like ""OK, THAT'S DONE"".Actually, it's way more ""wordy"" than that. But...""SAME DIFFERENCE!"".So you see if you got credits or points in something, it goes from 500 to 625 or whatever.Big accomplishment! Rep with these guys goes 100 to 105 and THOSE guys, moves 95 to 85. Or whatever.That's it.At some point, you get to do other things. You just have to do all this kind of stuff alot.AND I MEAN, ALOT.Making it easier, is you can set the ""End Turn"" thing on a sort of ""AUTO-PILOT"" so you don't have to tire your fingers spamming. Rather, the game will end the turn for you, sparing you the tediuous monotony.Some ""things"" you get to do, will take you to an ""ARCADE GAME"" where you have to dodge spinning balls, and stuff.Reminds me of the simplicity of Space Rangers 2's ""Arcade Sequences"", but in SPACE, like above a planet, with way better graphics. The Arcade Sequence, like most Arcade Games, plays out in ""real time"". Get hit too much by the bullet/object spam orgy things, you die.So, don't let that happen!After that's over, it's back to the ""space map"", clicking on menus to see what else teh game will ""let you do"".The SPACE-TECHNO soundtrack, makes this all feel REALLY important.What makes this game so cerebral, is that YOUR decisions AFFECT the huge galaxy...of like around 7 measily planets. Maybe one races destroys another, ALL OF THE SUDDEN! Or destroys the one that are your puppets...it feels like a historical gaming industry moment!Incredibly thought-provoking, worthy of thousands of pages of forum drooling!So deep and provocative, and IN NO way randomly generated. It makes the game feel comparable to the Encyclopedia Britannica, reading Aristotle, or Homer.No, literally on that first one. Just one page about anything in the game, is loaded with so much detail, it's like a novel. You should get a Steam Achievement if you actually read just one of the pages (in its entirety).And some fans claimed this was a 4X game, where you build fleets and conquer them like in Master of Orion, GalCiv, and other well-known 4X games. Others, compared it to being ""just like Drox Operative"" (which is an open-world ARPG arcadish space-ship game).It ain't. Not even close!Others know FULL WELL, the type of game it is...like an overwhelming aroma that splashes into the mind, then swirls, and swirls around.**OVERALL RATING** : E=mc^2 out of 10.PROS: So many menus you get to click on, surrounded by really good static backgrounds with great artwork, some animations. Visually, it's very colorful. It's like reading a 1000 page Isaac Asimov dribble with rainbow rave-party club lights dancing on the pages. Sometimes GREEN txt, sometimes another color. The artwork is top-notch, the story setting itself is very good, and I enjoy the idea of playing some mastermind behind the scenes. The game offers differing gameplay types. Given how enriching the moving dots & triangles on the ""space map"" are, the entertaining evade and/or blow-up everything Arcade sequences are, I decided the route of wiping out everyone. (Any surprise?).CONS: I can't think of cons with the game, but rather, with the rabid fans that misrepresent what type of game this is. THEY ARE THE REAL CONS. So are some reviewers with their videos, only showing the (few) ""mass-appeal"" aspects of the game [example: skipping CORE GAMEPLAY, and showing only the ""arcade"" sequences. Many ""REVIEWERS (and THE DEVELOPERS EVEN), do this]. That's really LOUSY. Many ""reviewers"" give-up early (and maybe the DEVELOPERS TOO?) and say ""HEY, BUT IM SURE IT'S COOL AND YOU CAN DO ALL THOSE THINGS LIKE SOMEONE ELSE SAID."" and then END their video.In truth, they don't want to waste another minute to play it more.That sucks of them. Right?SO BEWARE all the false reviews. Take the time to watch an ACTUAL gameplay vid that's like AN HOUR LONG (at least), that DOESN'T EDIT OUT THE CORE GAMEPLAY (all the menu-clicking action).CONCLUSION: This is a PUZZLE game at its heart, involving lots of menus, clicking and waiting for something to happen. You're more likely to have to take a dump before anything does.There's nothing wrong with that.You need patience.If you're a NORMAL gamer who prefers DooM or CoD, you probably won't enjoy it.If you're a gamer with SPECIAL NEEDS in gaming, with matured, refined tastes, you'll appreciate a slow, ""cerebral"" challenge.And if you love reading, like a vampire loves blood, this game (and this review...) WILL leave you sated and quenched."
76561198077452684,Recommended,273070,13131864,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,ZEBEAST OF SLAVIC TERRITORIES,"Let me first talk about the developers, the developers are some of the most open people ever, they are very open to adressing concerns and if you have a problem with one of their games, for example not being able to play, they will respond within a week most of the time {you should probably post your issue on the forums and not the steam discussion page}. Also for this game in particular they have already given out tons of free content when they released the first expansion, and are giving out more now that the second expansion is almost done. In fact, they are on version 8 or something for one of their previous games, AI war, and they are almost done version 3 for this game.Now let's talk about the game, this is a hard game to decribe so give me a break if I fail at describing it, it is a simulation sand-box like game with turn-based schump like combat, sort of. Basically you play as a Hydral, the last of your race, your goal is to unite the galaxy, whether you are doing this by making everyone friends or exterminating all the races except for 1 is up to you.The simulation aspect involves you flying around to different planets helping the very unique alien races or hindering them. You can also start wars or end them. The biggest negative aspect of this simulation mode include some of the options not being as usefull as others and their is quite a bit of grinding late game. The positives are that each of the races are very unique, there are some very good stories that come out of this simulation aspect, and there are some very interesting thematical events that happen. *SPOILER ALERT, DONT READ THIS NEXT PART IF YOU DONT LIKE SPOILERS* An example of a good story that came out of the simulation aspect was when I created an alliance out of the Boarines (isolasionist ice boars), the Burlusts (hyper aggresive chicken people) and the Acutians (Capitalist Cruel Robots), I then backstabbed the Boarines by convincing the Skylaxians (honour bound stereotypical grey aliens) to wage a war of extermination on them so that there were only 2 races left in my grand federation. Wanting to fill the gap I recruited the Thoraxians (bug-like hive killing machines) into my federation. After years of fighting (the grinding I was talking about) it came down to my federation (about 5 planets) and the Skylaxian Empire (about 3 planets), and after all these years of fighting, my federation then betrays me and became an axis of evil, causing me great troubles.The combat aspect is very schump like and turnbased (more turnbased than schump like). The combat is very hard to explain so I wont really try, but all I can really say is that it starts becoming repetitive after about 50 hours to the average person but otherwise is quite enjoyable.Finally, just want to mention some things I did not mention before, the music is really great and the expansions add SO much to the game but sometimes the game is really hard to lose so you will get into positions where it would take about 5 hours of grinding to win and 5 hours of waiting to lose. Also the learning curve is super steep.TL:DR+Developers are awesome+Races are unique+Great stories come out of this game+Game is very open about ways to complete your objective+Great Expansion (soon to be Expansions)+/- Combat is great but can get repetitive-The late game is grindy-The simulation aspect could be balanced better-The learning curve is pretty insane"
,Recommended,273070,12603743,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Admiral Obvious,"I wholeheartedly reccomend this game. It's clear that the devs put a LOT of time into this game. The objective of the game is that you are the last survivor of your race, who were exterminated by the other races dure to their oppression by you (your race). As the last survivor of your race, you don't want to see the other races to fall to the same circumstances you did, so you set about creating a galactic federation (or just choose your favorite, and kill everyone with them, while still calling it a ""federation""). The game in itself is extrordinarily detailed, as you are very powerful, still having (most) of your races tech, and as a result, you use these powers/tech to try and manipulate the galaxy to your will (you can't directly change much, but you can manipulate other races to do your bidding, or subvertantly destroy the economy/medical system/police force of an entire race. In the end, it's a very detailed and very fun game. Oh, I forgot about spaceship combat, it's probably the funnest part. Usually you vs around 10 enemies initally, then as the game progresses, it's you against 20k ships (although it takes a very long time to get to that point). It's hard for me to describe it in any more detail, but if you are a RTS fan, i'd highly reccomend this game."
,Recommended,273070,20853584,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,White Shadow,"After having greatly enjoyed Bionic Dues by this developer, I've decided to try out this title and was generally impressed.The Last Federation has you play as an almost godly last survivor of an extinct alien race, who's now made it his mission to attempt to unify the remaining 8 alien races across the solar system (or unify as many as he can and destroy the rest!). To do this he has to gain credit and influence with each race by doing tasks for them. There is a lot of alien politics involved, and each race is quite different to the others, meaning the same approach doesn't work for all the races.The game can be a bit hard to get into at first, as there's a lot of stuff suddenly being introduced at once. It can easily turn away some players, but I'd really recommend to keep playing, because eventually you get familiar with it all. The normal difficulty is pretty laid back and you have plenty of time to learn the ways and can afford to make mistakes.The combat sections have you partake in a sort of bullet hell spaceship battle. They might seem pretty difficult at first, but again, they're actually a lot easier to grasp than they look. The battle is broken down into turns. You select where to go and which enemy to shoot at. The game then plays it out and you get to pick your next move. In addition to that, you can even change how much energy goes to your weapons, shields, and propulsion, as different situations require you to adjust it. For example, if you get swarmed and start to suffer damage - divert more energy to shields. If you need to take something out fast - divert it to the weapons. And so on.Perhaps what I liked the most was how well-developed the lore and background on each alien race was. Each of them has their own political agenda and attitude to you and the other races. Some are diplomats and peacekeepers, whilst others are very warlike and territorial. I've had a lot of fun learning about each race and their likes and dislikes.Music in the game is also fantastic. Each race has its own unique theme music, which was a nice touch. The visuals are pretty simple though and a lot of the gameplay, particularly the political side of things, is text-based, whilst the combat looks like a regular space shooter. So that aspect might not appeal to some people. But don't let that put you off if you enjoy a good strategy and political intrigue.Just for those who are a bit unsure of how to start off and get going, here is some advice on methods that worked for me:1) Start off by giving space-faring tech to 2-3 races you find most trustworthy. Normally Andor, Skyllaxians, and Peltians are pretty reliable, though it is up to you! This will get you plenty of starting Credit and Influence early on.2) Start doing friendly tasks for those races and increase influence with them further. Cooperative Research is pretty good, as you can then gift this research to the other races and get free influence with them!3) Expanding Unused Area and Colonizing/Mining Moons is great for getting some quick Credit.4) Make sure to open up some Trade routes between the races you've allied with, so that they start to like each other as well (this is found in the Political page for each race, not in the Friendly Actions page)."
76561198041859645,Recommended,273070,18380329,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Harold,"How do I explain this? Bullet Hell meets Civilizations in Space?You have 8 races, all with very identifiably anatomies ranging from small furry barn-owls to Metroid style Chozo-esque utopian robots to a planet of robots who act like Bender from Futurama to a warlike crab? people (what the hell is a Burlust). The main game mode has you trying to make a unified Federation to stop genocides like the one that happened to your awesome 4 headed dragon race. You can research technology on you rown or with other races to improve your relations with them, help build structures on planets that can either strengthen defenses, help production/livelihood, or just make a bunch of TV channels that help different races learn that they're not supposed to hate everyone.All this is done through an interface that shows some incredible artwork of each planet and an entire solar system, and text-based explanations that are written as the actual dialogue of your snarky, spunky female ship AI, whom I may add is a fully fleshed-out character who will actively react to the events that occur in-game (she does NOT like when computer virus diseases pop up. Also she can be legitimately surprised if you can pull off things like getting the Peltians to successfully conquer a planet).And in-combat you have a pretty well rounded bullet-hell style 2D shoot'emup complete with special abilities that can help kill enemies, keep you alive, and help circumvent the power management. Oh, did I forget to mention your ship acts like the old Star Wars TIE Fighter game where you divert finite power between weapons, shields, and engines?The achievments in this game are a sort of guide to playing. Sure, you *could* just win by completely destroying all races except the ones who are easy to get into a Federation, but some require some finesse (and multiple saves to be honest) like trying to get a Federation of only the Acutians, Burlust, and Thoraxians for the ""Look Upon Your Creation And Despair"" achievement when the fastest way is to....make a Federation of Acutians-Burlust-Boarines, then find a way to get the Thoraxians IN and the Boarines OUT.And yes, you will end up loving some races and hating others. The hiveminded bug people are going to grate at your nerves as you fly to their planet every few minutes to let them know the hard way they're not allowed to have a military just so you can be absolutely sure they don't end up ruining your attempts at a clean, genocide-free Federation where nobody has to play planet hop-scotch and move their entire remaining race.To top things off the DLC adds new scenarios, one in which you actually have your own faction and one where the Federation exists and you need to keep it from being taken over by a 9th race of Touhou-style bullet-hell ship-piloting bacteria. You have to stop everyone from fighting each other to have a chance against these things and as the Burlust, Acutians, Thoraxians, and Boarines will have taught you well enough, fighting is something a lot of people like doing, no matter how much you hate it.The game never seems to drag on too long like the inevitable Civ comparison in the long-running marathon games and never seems too short like Civ games that barely hit the iron age before victory (of course the game can be cut short by you dying but that can be said about a lot of games). You can use the standard galaxy or give everyone dice rolls and just hope the people you hate end up starting out on a planet that's ill-suited to them so they don't explode in population.The soundtrack fits the game *perfectly*, with each track set to each scenario (trade ship raids, resistance fighter smuggling, invading, defending, etc.) all culminating in an ending song that makes it well worth the trouble those Thoraxians give you DID I MENTION I HATE THE THORAXIANS?Last, I leave you with an excerpt from one of my games: I was attempting to get the achievement for having the three peaceful races in the Federation and nobody else. I focused ENTIRELY on building up their research, technology, defenses, etc. until their planets were fully equipped with everything they could ever want or need. I just ignored the other 5 races and let them go kill each other for a while. Until....until I saw a small little skull icon with a red outline across the other planets in the system. Turns out when you let one race conquer 4 planets they form a nigh-unkillable Fear Empire. This Thoraxian-created Fear Empire literally could NOT be defeated unless I conquered EVERY planet they owned and on their last planet I had to exterminate over a hundred BILLION bug-people. I had three races completely blot out the sun with their fully upgraded warships, I bombed every single building they ever made into dust, I poisoned their environment so much literally nothing could live on their planet, I undermined their economy so they could never even think of building a single spaceship, I poisoned the population until disease was so rampant babies were born on their deathbed and that only took out about *half* of their population. After just hitting the Orbital Bomb dispatch and setting the game to extreme-speed for about 20 minutes I FINALLY killed every single one of these 100+ billion bugs amd wiped them from the galaxy, which allowed me to finally establish my peaceful Federation of pacifists."
,Recommended,273070,9894016,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Who_Ate_Mah_Cake,"A great game by an amazing company!Pros-Races are all unique-Great art style-Hundreds of ways to play the game including sabotage, subterfuge, diplomacy, samaritism, brute force, etc.-Easy to grasp-Great replayability-Combat is good-Scaleable difficuly; can be easy or incredible hardcore-Arcen Games support their games for years and yearsCons-Still some GUI and interface bugs; probably will be fixed within a week-Combat can be a bit repetitive at times-Glitches with warsI recommend this game to anyone that wants a deep game. Also you do not play as one of the empires rather a merc that works behind the lines to bring peace to the galaxy through creation of a federation."
,Recommended,273070,9865875,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Klemens von Metternich [Copper],"This is an immensely complex simulation/strategy game, one that I've barely begun to scratch the surface with but has already provided me with an enjoyably deep experience.Yet, it is not difficult to learn. The myriad mechanics are introduced gradually enough that the player will not become overwhelmed and can learn at a pleasant pace. Learn the basics of combat and missions before being launched into race relations, diplomacy, trade, and interplanetary balance of power. Be introduced to the finer details of the game as they become relevant, and even the intimidating series of graphs and charts are easy to learn and very intuitive. It won't be long before you and your Hydral avatar have mastered the art of bullying, bribing, and ""generously helping"" the alien races to serve your own ends.That last statement was a bit false. Arcen's games are never easy to master, but this one at least is very easy to learn, and you won't find yourself frustrated by an unintelligible wall of statistics like many similar titles. Not that there are many, as TLF is an extremely unique and original game in and of itself.Hail Hydra"
,Recommended,273070,10402052,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Biohazard Ω,"This game...oh...this game. This game will have you playing it nonstop for hours upon hours.The goal of this game is to unite a federation with 8 races, each with their own personality and way of getting them into the federation. To add to the backstory, you are basically the extinct race in the space galaxy, since they were total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. As you did a last-minute mission to betray your race, your race's planet is blown up due to spy probes poisioning the environment and a huge space-bomb known as a Planetcracker.In the actual game itself, you can interact with the different races through many ways: interact with the Skylaxians through democracy and trade, or interact with the Burlust warlords by threatening them, dueling them, and bribing them. There's even space stations and a blackmarket to buy bribe items, or to hire workers to protect/build your space station, and to even research faster. Like I mentioned before, all races are very diverse in their own way. For example, the Acutians are a hostile capitalist robot government who have whatever industry leading their government be their current concerns, or the Andors, which are basically peaceful robots whose main focus is to help other races. To top it off, each race can get their own research tree, with technology limited to only them.Oh, and I also forgot to mention: the battling part. Basically, the main story of how you get your ship is that after you leave your planet before its destroyed, you crash land on another planet. You can select this planet, or it can be random. But after some time being stuck on the planet, you finally help them reach space, and steal their prototype flagship. However, this makes them very angry at you right from the start. Already, this adds choices. Do you want to start with one of the more powerful race's ships and risk getting attacked by Assassins? Or do you take a weaker race, but have a weaker ship? This further adds on with the next question: Do you risk giving that race more technology to hate you less, although they will be more powerful? Or do you take out their ships and make alliances with other races? The possibilities and problems you face will be endless, each with their unique approach. And there's even special abilities and different weapons to help take down different enemies and to exploit their weaknesses.Oh, there's also planet stats, such as their medical, economic, enviromental, and public order state. If they get too low, they can cause too much havoc in the planet, exposing themselves to outside attack, or if they get too high, they can cause a big boom for the planet and their efficency will skyrocket. You can even affect how the planet states are: for example, you can help with the economy or persuade the leaders to start a positive trend in a certain state. Even further, you can build buildings such as a Solar Shield to help with the environmental state, or science buildings to boost research time. You can also sabotage their buildings and even cause hostile acts to disrupt their planet and give them a hard time.Overall, this game has a huge option of things you can do, and there's even an observer mode to see how the solar system develops without your help. With such a wide variety of game options and situations, and- Oh, wait, I forgot! Quests exist in the game. These quests can have varying impacts on a race or two, such as secretly giving them spacefaring tech, improving their environmental state, doing joint-bombing runs with races against other races, or even saving freighters from pirates. There's still more to go over, but I'll stop it here, and end this review with a 10/10. This game is also constantly patched, so even if you dont play it for a month, the game may be much better by the time you play it again. Overall, its a very nice masterpiece."
,Not Recommended,273070,13135684,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Whalerguy,"tldr: half of a good game with some annoying bits that seem to take up all your time.I'm a big fan of 4x games and strategy in general.  This game makes almost no sense to me.  Strategy seems a vague and ambitious term for this.  You do your own thing and influence other civilizations in the vaguest possible sense in order to accomplish the feat of you, the civilization that was destroyed, starting a federation of the remaining others to win the game.  You do this by being omniprescent through their development and literally nudging them in the direction you want.The concept is interesting but the gameplay is slow and impotent in that decisions have very little impact on the civilization you are ""manipulating"" which gives very little differentiation in games.Now, that out of the way.  The battle.  You spend 80% of your time manipulating and 20% enjoying the hell out of excellent turn based strategy.The interface is surprisingly intuitive and the perks/abilities actually make a difference in combat.  The strategy component is great, and aside from some short periods where you feel like you are grinding it really feels like the piece of this game that works.That's the problem.  You have here a 1/2 great game here.  Bipolar in the worst of ways for a 4x, the strategy seems useless and the battles are great.  This is like the exact opposite of Endless Space, and there is going to be some people who love it, and others who don't.Bottom line: buy it on sale if you want a varient rogue type 4x.  Not for everyone, don't expect a normal 4x or strategy."
76561198072619518,Recommended,273070,10073648,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,hvaleksd,"I really enjoy this game because of it's ambition and presentation. The game in it's current state isn't complete and you can feel  those kind of echos as you advance through various play-throughs. This feeling usually goes up as ""how does helping X get me closer to Y or how can this impact relations with race A."" Some of the newer patches make the game feel more complete and I really feel like the devs will keep making updates for this game.The price is worth it in my opinion, you might be turned off at first by the fact that this is a 4X game where you control only a single person. This is why the game works, you feel like you ARE the last of an advanced race and that you ARE going to give fire to the other races. I really felt like It was my job to watch over these other races (most of the time) and the game seems balanced between being this merc and the actual race. You can't just nuke everyone off the galaxy (by yourself, any way.)Alliances work pretty well in this game. A certain race can give aid to other planets, another can dump toxic waste and disrupt  the economy, another can create deadly viruses and crash moons, and planets can even be destroyed. You can kill a Queen of a race, the senate of another, undermine a CEO's company, and kill the leading warlord in an honourable duel in order to get a better pull of that race decision making or to ruin their strength.Combat is a bit simplistic but works very well and I found myself enjoying the combat system. It does get easier as you get stronger and more experince, so you can turn up the combat difficuility without making the strategy harder. Or you can turn up the strategy part and turn down the combat to make for a more decision-making gameplay. This is a very cool feature and I wish more 4x games would have this.The solar system is a bit small in my opinion, but gets VERY VERY packed later in the game. After very long games, I loose the ability to speed through time because my computer ran the game very slowly due to the mass population of the system. This is likely more of a reflection of my system and less of a reflection of the game itself; besides the HUGE amounts of populations later in game, the game is pretty smooth.Races are diverse and unique, but seemingly are in small numbers. I would love to see more races that can appear in different games (or not appear.) Planets seem to be quasi-random and I notice that race locations vary among games. Events are random and I've never had a game play the same twice (some times a ""bad guy"" race and befriend a ""good guy"" race and literally form a fear empire, or ""good guy"" coalation can form a union of planets.) These alliances are your competition and can overpower the federation you are trying to create and kill you.I really enjoyed this game and I praise the devs for the presentation and deliverence of the product. I look forward to updates and more games by these creators."
76561198027940392,Recommended,273070,32825546,Posted: 26 June,all,sharkspeare,"This is, in many ways, rather like dwarf fortress in space, though the learning curve is far easier and obviously it's far superior graphically.If you're on the fence about this game, I'd say this: Even if you never really get into it and it never fully clicks with you, there is literally no other game like it, and playing it just once would be worth the price of admission. It isn't that I think it doesn't have replay value - it actually has an insane amount of replay value and is very deep indeed, it's just that for a lot of people that first wall of confusion about what to do next is going to stop them. If you push past that confusion and simply try to do things you'll learn the systems in the game, you'll learn it's actually very well balanced, and I'm confident you'll have a very good time."
76561197998736987,Recommended,273070,12675890,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Tinius,"A very interesting take on the 4x genre. Instead of being one of the major players for terretory and goods, you are a singel being who seeks to meet the diplomatic victory conditions of a standard 4x game. All the races are very distinct from each other and uniting them all under your banner will be difficult. It feels balanced game-play wise but also a little impersonal. Plain text and sometimes a screen shot of the race is what you get. Same problem as Endless Space in a way. Overall, good music, decent style and a decent amout of depth and a lot of replayability."
76561197980172024,Not Recommended,273070,16821870,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,megamanx321,"This game was a toss up. I read some of the reviews and wishlisted it for a long time. It looked really different and exciting so went it on sale in the summer sale, I picked it up. I only played it for 10 hours or so, but I just don't see myself trying it anymore.Pluses:+1 star for gameplay. It runs stable. doesn't seem to have any bugs. Never crashed, or froze.+1 star for graphics. I like 8-bit style graphics, the planetary icons are well developed and informative.+1 star for combat. The combat runs like Star Control's melee mode, only a bit more strategic. This was really entertaining at first, but then became a serious bore later on.+1 star for concept. It really is interesting idea and gameplay was random/fresh each play through. Different events occur that you have to respond and adapt to.+1 star for the comedy. A lot of the dialogue and events really get a laugh. They did a good job there.Minuses-1 star for gameplay. It was interesting at first, but in the long run, I was bored. I think I spent an hour on maximum speed trying to get the last race to join the federation. Just got tedious trying to achieve the goals.-1 star for balance. even with the entire galaxy blockading/bombarding the murderous bug people from basically day 1, they still didn't die and would continue to send out fleets to attack the others' home planets.-1 star for size. The galaxy is really small. So small in fact that its really quite boring. it might have been more fun if the races could colonize other star systems and attempt to conquer the galaxy or something. But instead, you just have 7 planets to work with.-1 star for notifications. There can be a ton of notifications but they don't really detail anything. Andor science station attacked. Ok which one? Where? Can I repair it? Steal it?....-1 star for story. The story was interesting but not really developed. Apparently your entire race of powerful, nearly omnipotent beings is destroyed by 7 races that don't even have warp capability..."
76561198054959782,Recommended,273070,13104363,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,sango213,"I picked this up again...and then remembered why I put it down.Pretty much the only complaint I have is the combat: the enemies are too damned tanky. It takes hours just to kill one guy. And god help you if you want to challenge the burlusts (a race in this game that is all about war). Your fingers will die before the god damned enemy does. You could decrease the difficulty, but even on normal, it takes so damned long, and nothing damages you. Why even have a combat sequence at that point?Other than that, the simulation aspect is pretty in depth, though it definitely seems species other than the warlike ones need constant babysitting. if you have it accelerated to x2 fast forward, a race is going to get wiped out before you even see the ships.The aspect of play, though, is unique. You play as something of an agent behind the scenes...except for whenever someone's getting attacked, because no one can defend themselves. You run around, and do diplomatic stuff. But, not too much, or else those you've united will form an alliance that's opposed to your federation...even though you were the one making them not kill eachother...yeah. I don't get it either.Talking about diplomacy: Each race has a drastically different diplomacy screens. So different you'd think they were from different games. And this would be fine if some of them weren't really clunky as hell. As mentioned above, if you want to talk with the burlusts, you have to commit to a 9 hour duel (as such, I almost always get everyone to gang up on them. they are such  pain in the♥♥♥♥♥. And the Peltions and their damned vote system. So few things give votes, and that's the only thing that powers their diplomacy. You need 300 votes to get them into your federation....you get .5 after taking out an entire pirate camp. And as mentioned, combat is this game's weakpoint.Sure it gives the races ""flavor"", or ""personality"" or whatever people call it now, but it sacrifices functionality."
76561198014656905,Recommended,273070,9992022,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Monostatos,"There is a lot to say about The last federation that already has been said by people better at this kind of stuff than me, but another voice in the ether never hurt nobody :)Right of the bat it should be said that the general concept is a twist on the old grand strategy formula of ""unify the world to win"" but excecuted in such a way that your character aren't a contestant among others as much as the one that decided that an ensured galactic peace is something to work for. As such your job is to first create the federation, and then persuade the eight races of the galaxy to join it.Actually, it would be more prudent to say that your first job is to make the rest of the galaxy not hate you enough to actually listen to what you say :). You see, your character is an Hydral, a space-hydra that the game tells you subjugated the whole galaxy and basically made everyone cross with them on a level that made them exterminate the entire race, save yourself. And since the other races is as aware of this as you are (however repentant you may be) their general opinion of you will be colored by this the entire game.The game switches between being a strategy game to being a turn based shooter in the same vein as critical mass, with focus on dodging enemy fire and proper weapon and ability management. For those who don't fancy this, an auto resolve function was recently added in, but aside from fights being somewhat repetetive the combat is a nice touch of thinky action that ends up feeling significant while taking up no more space than it has to.Management of the different races opinion of you is key during the game. It starts out negative but can be altered to the positive through friendly actions, such as giving a race back the power of space flight, and altered to the negative again by doing things the race doesn't like, such as giving the power of space flight to a race they don't think should have it.Thats the key challenge of the game, to keep building up influence by helping the races while trying not to burn bridges as you go.The relations between you and the races however is only the one part of the puzzle. As you might expect, if helping different races can put you on the wrong foot with someone, then naturally that someone will probably not like that race autonomously of what you do. All the eight races will either with or witout your help eventually reach the stars, and when they arrive, they will start to develop relations to each other. Some races, like the peace loving Andor will often (but not always since every game can play out very differently) ally themselves with others enjoying peace, while more warlike beings like the Boarines will more likely attempt to conquer other races.This is where you as the player comes in as someone who can make sure that the different demeanors a race is having will work for them and the final goal of a unified federation. For a federation to form the races must like each other enough to actually want to unify. They wont do it just because you ask them and as such the relations between races are just as important as the ones between them and the player.So, how exactly do you make the races do what you want them to? Through the friendly and unfriendly actions mentioned before. The game provides you with a plethora of different ways to affect a race ranging from helping them research technology to improve living standards or military prowess to providing more hands on medical help if a planet is in plight. Doing actions like that will provide you with positive relationship points as well as power up the race in some way. But these are only examples of the positive actions. On the negative spectrum there are things you can do ranging between attacking the race head on to weaken them, to instigating coup or undermine the relations between different races -a needed tool as other foci of power can crop up to challenge your federation.The actions will affect the different stats of the races and allow for you to guide a race to a higher power level than the others, make them ripe for conquest or just as a tool to make you more popular with them. And the popularity is needed for the last thing il talk about that allows you to suggest things to a race. Namely:The actual governments of the race. Through them the player can suggest bigger changes than just the general assistance or misdeeds otherwise open as options and ask a race head on to do something for the player. A race can for example be asked to stop makin war on another race, or to focus their attention on getting their economy straight. It is also for the most part here that the player can ask a race to join or found the federation. This is where most of all the different quirks of a race is visible as the government they utilize differ greatly from one another. This demands the player to change the way they approach the races initially as some cannot be bribed and others require another set of in-game resources to allow you to suggest things for them to do. It also means that both before and during the time the race is part of the federation the skills they bring to the table allows for different ways to work around your enemies.They can be acessed when you are popular enough for them to actually care for what you say but some actions require more popularity than others and these levels differ greatly from race to race.I dont know, this kinda went on, but the point is that if any of this sounded appealing to you, then the game is worth checking out. For what you get, 20 money is cheap and during any kind of sale it is a steal. The devs have been working full time on patching and adding to the game since launch and have so im told a reputation of doing so on all their games.It is deap but easy to get into, hard to master and different every time. Combat and AI both feel like they are nailed down pretty good and the players choises are always at the center of the experience while they at the same time never take the cake from the eight races that act as both the pieces, the board and sometimes opponents in this game.I like it very much and recomend it heartily."
76561198051255828,Recommended,273070,12649356,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,aardvarkbanana,"I enjoyed my first game (7 hours; I'm slow at these things).  It was an unfamiliar and new approach toward space strategy/diplomacy simulation.  Reminded me a little of a way-scaled-down Distand Worlds, but with a turn-based, tactical bullet-hell twist.The diplomacy was interesting.  Each race ran a different form of government, each having their own nuances you had to abide by to get things done.  I found it cleverly crafted, and will play again, soon.Replay-wise, it seems like it could do with more widescale star system generation (more planets, game modes, scenarios...), but it was an enjoyable and worthwhile experience, nonetheless."
76561198010876048,Recommended,273070,9878691,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,LeChronos,"This is like 8 people playing a round of Civ (in space) and you are a lone mercenary in the middle of it.However, your options are plenty and the results can be extremely satisfying. Coaxing two factions who both hate you to go to war with each other while boosting a third faction to power is just plain fun!Together with the Frozen Synapse like combat that really goes well together with the grand strategy side, this is a game you should not miss, if you are at least somewhat into the genre.However, be warned: The complexity is immense and although the game tries to ease your way into it by unlocking features bit by bit, it can still be an overwhelming experience. But you will be rewarded!"
,Recommended,273070,9872339,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Jaelen,"So I haven't played much so far; though it definitely combines my favorite genres together very well. The turn based combat works extremely well; feeling fluid and very easy to get into, allowing as much depth as you want to take in. The Grand Strategy elements also seem to allow a varying amount of depth you can delve into, depending on preferences. Definitely recommend this to anyone whom is even mildly interested, definitely a breath of fresh air to the recent releases on steam!"
76561197995491515,Recommended,273070,10612118,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,2gud,"The Last Federation is what I'd call a game of inlfuence. You take the role of lone spaceship, adrift in a system with 7 or so other races. One of them, selected at the start of the game has access to spacefaring tech and hates your guts and will stop at nothing to murder you. Your goal is to build relationships between races up to the point that they like eachother enough to ally with eachother. The complexity comes in the form of the fact that all the races work differently in political dealings. One of them responds to violence and little else. One is a race of absolute pacifists. Another is a collective of capitalist robots. All of these races have different political systems. Of course when said first race eventually takes up arms against you it's time to defend yourself. Your ship, at the start of the game atleast, is powerful enough to cripple large fleets, but if you don't spend time researching techs you'll swiftly find yourself dogpiled under vastly superior enemy ships.Overall a strong recommendation.Protip: Never anger the Thoraxians."
76561198083809429,Recommended,273070,16752777,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,PsychoApple,-Formed Federation-Asked angry bugmen to join; they refuse-Notice that they can be forced if there is an apocalyptic plague-Spent the next 4 years poisoning their planet with plague-Force bugmen to join and become my murder troops against dissenters10/10 would poison innocent planets again
,Recommended,273070,24565245,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Autumn Bramble,"Do you like 4X games? Do you like grand-stragedy simulators? Do you suck at them, though? Are you always losing out on the big game? Do you wish you could just watch other people play a 4X game instead, but like, maybe you could just move one thing around, and get to tell everyone what to do, but not have to tell people what to do when you don't wanna?That's Last Federation. You're a thrillingly-erotic hydra who's kind of watching a bunch of people play a 4X game, but you aren't playing a 4X game. You're playing babysitter, or Gradius. You're the big kid on the playground, watching the little kids play their games of pretend, and you insert yourself in, and since you're bigger than them, you're cool, so you can basically make them do things that you think's funny.It's pretty much the best game."
76561198026840504,Recommended,273070,9868997,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,A-r-c-h-o-n,It's playing a space hydra from Master of Orion 2 with an own agenda. Nuff said.
,Recommended,273070,9901691,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Xemu,"This is a fantastic game, mixing two uncommon gameplay styles / variants.  Strategic gameplay  is around high level influence of a 4X environment.  Tactical gameplay (turn based with 3 seconds of real time watching your orders play out).  Both interact with each other nicely.Drox Operative is definitely the closest analogue (another game I love) but the minute to minute gameplay between the two is entirely different.There are some rough edges, but the polish level is up there with other Arcen titles.  Early support for it looks strong and Arcen has a great history of patches and add on content for their games so I expect it to only get better with time.Strongly recommended if the idea of a living universe and/or turn-based bullet hell space combat appeals to you."
76561198103199685,Not Recommended,273070,14994672,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,MSwabb,"The game offers alot of choices and fun space battles, but it strangely isent as entertaining as it should be.  You are presented with many different races to deal with who have their own motivations and goals, but the game play for interacting with them isent all that fun to me.  There is alot of downtime between battles and money can be a real issue.  Overall the game ran without any bugs or glitches, and the space combat was fun and ran on a turn based system, but sadly I just couldn't get into it.  However if you like to have a very open ended experience and micromanaging the relationships of a vast empire, this game may be worth picking up."
76561198003121959,Recommended,273070,9887644,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Goadfang,"Wow, seriously deep once you get into it. The stuff you can do politically is anywhere from legendary to downright nefarious. I love that each race has it's own political climate and structures and these can change so dramatically over time. All in all this was a great buy!"
,Recommended,273070,23505924,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,redneckdrow,"This is not your typical 4x. (Explore, Expand, Exploit, Exterminate)You are an observer; the last of your race. You've taken it upon yourself to keep the other races from wiping each other out, with the ultimate goal of creating a federation for all to exist in harmony. To stop the 4x from happening.This is easily the best 'anti-4x' I've ever played."
,Recommended,273070,34372095,Posted: 20 August,all,Neehigh,"Highly underrated game.1. Games never play the same Twice. Who knows which race will conquer whom, which races are left standing when all is said and done. Did your federation form during an era of relative peace with lots of political intrigue? Or was it bloody solar-war that sometimes literally last milleniums.2. Highly unique dogfight system where many different stratagies to many different situations are welcome.3. 8 Alien Races (Not including your self) all have their own quirks. Some are benevolent, some indifferent and some outright malevolent. Here's a short description of each one, not by actual names).- Peaceful Communist Owl-Pigs (cute, easy to get along with and pathetic).-Bird-Foot Klingon Mongols (enjoy barfights and you killing their leaders. No joke.)-Little Grey Men (Honorable Solar-Police Force)-Lame'os (Peaceful Robot Philanthropists)-Worse than Xenomorphs (these guys land troops on your planets, you can expect upto literal quadrillions if you arnt careful)-Capitalist Robots (Good ole' straight forward buisness men, you can nuke planets with them. Fun!)- Revenge of the Squid Nerds (Nosy Scientists. Willing to blow up part of the solar system if cornered. Or even gas a planet..)-Medieval Space Hogs (Tough pigs that keep to themselves but are also good at making two races come to an agreement)4.Always something to do. You will either be engaging in combat, tweaking planet statistics, adventuring or playing diplomacy. It can seem very overwhelming at first. You will see lots of numbers and news headlines/events in your UI but dont stress....1.Focus on Races you want in your federation this game. 2.Beef their planets. 3.Make them like eachother. 4. Do the opposite for races who you dont want joining or are having a hard time of understanding who's the boss around here.5. Everygame feels like its own story with a satisfying ending in its own right. You cant die unless you activate permadeth in settings so don't load-♥♥♥♥♥. Just see where your story goes.Verdict, 10/10TLDR; Replayable as hell"
76561198019639861,Recommended,273070,12454529,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Mew²,"The Last Federation, a small game with a big task.The game is something you would play when you got a lot of free time on your hands because games can go from minutes to hours to even days. With one goal in mind the whole game. Building a federation of eight different races in order to win. This game gives you several different ways on how to win or lose but the best way is joining forces with another race and working together to recruit or destroy the others.The game gives you a lot of responsibility of keeping order, working behind the scenes, even destroying the life style of other races.The game starts out pretty smoothly with its plot of you being the last of your kind and you want to change everything. So you high-jack a ship and take to the stars in order to create unity of the planets.Each races are extremely different of each other and siding with different races give you different bonuses as well.As the game continues on the game gets easier and harder as your option are opened up to you and the planets get stronger. But with luck your already have a whole federation to back you up.I played the game for a few days and I'm really loving it and look forward to play it a few more times since each game is different then the first. I recommend you pick up this under appreciated game and give it a try and see what the galaxy has in store for you."
,Recommended,273070,12333584,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,crushcommando,"Definately one of my top games of all time, Arcen updates regularly constantly improving the experience. New DLC features are in beta at the time of the review but even now they're worth it adding a wealth of new content to an already highly enjoyable experience. I reccomend watching Totalbiscuit's video on this game to see if you'd like it as it has a very interesting game mechanics."
,Recommended,273070,13088317,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Arbiter1479,"I spent the first few hours dying and failing to form the federation. I couldn't figure out why until it occured to me that I was supposed to be manipulating other races against each other in order to give them the reason to form a federation with me.I eventually succeeded with 4 races (Acutians, Skylaxians, Peltians & Evucks) in the federation, 1 race extinct (Boarines) and 2 races (Thoraxians & Burlusts) constantly fighting each other. After the race (Burlusts in my game) that emerged victorious from the war, I convinced the federation go after the victor by claiming that it (The Burlusts) were a warmongering race and that the race needed to go extinct.I will write a further in depth review once I've spent more time playing this game. Of which I am of course enjoying. :)"
76561198254521567,Recommended,273070,29288946,Posted: 15 January,all,Queen Citation,"Maybe this is just the kind of game that appeals to a person like me, but I've had a lot of fun with it. It's extremely detailed, and you can spend forever getting lost in all of the stats if you like (like I do, sometimes) but you don't need to focus on all of the tiny details to be able to do well. Some pretty fun stories can be told through the course of a game - for instance, the dramatic tale of how the Obscura were somehow defeated after gaining more than half of the planets and with all of the most militarily strong species dead, all thanks to Capitalist Robots and Poking the Angry Pigs.This isn't a game that I can see appealing to everyone - I think you need to have a good appreciation for detail, and some patience. But if you like diplomatic strategy and aren't put off by complexity, it's definitely worth a go.Also, you don't play as a human. I am so grateful."
,Recommended,273070,16803408,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,djcaptainpicard,"This is a phenomenal game. If you ever played Master of Orion 1 and/or 2, and you're itching for more of that awesome sauce, this is the game for you.Super fun. Creative options. Fast learning curve. My first game I had no idea what I was doing and well, I lost quickly. But, by the second go, you figure out what's what.You're reading this review because you're already intrigued by this game. My suggestion--buy it. You'll love it."
76561198074410997,Recommended,273070,28425970,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Kendaar,"The best case for this game is the stories that happen within it, so i will ask you to watch the animated series of the co-optional podcast called ""The Biscuit Federation"" And I will present the story of my first full playthrough.How my game of The Last Federation ended:I accidently created 2 galactic empire and they both decided to kill me, and continue on with their war against each other….RIP Acutians, Andors, Boarines, Evucks, Peltians and ThoraxiansAll tragically killed by the BurlustsThe Skylaxians will avenge your deaths due to their giant technological superiority over the BurlustsThis all was totally not my fault….Long live the Skylaxian Empire.I just wanted a federation that started with a strong military backbone, (Burlusts) and great political influence (Skylaxians).Through my help the Burlusts gained power quickly and went on an unstoppable murder spree.At this point I ran to the Skylaxians to help the create a strong defence against the oncoming horde and hopefully help them create a defensive force to help defend the remaining races, unfortunately I was too late to help any but the Skylaxians, who then proceeded to use the tech I gave them to begin taking the universe for themselves.It was at this point I was promptly hunted and executed by both empires.RIP Hydrals (i.e the race you play as)"
76561197970053951,Not Recommended,273070,12198779,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Reaces,"In a perfect world, I'd love The Last Federation, however as it stands I was somewhat dissapointed.Having bought this game based on reviews and some gameplay footage from famous youtubes, I expected a lot of depth.However a few hours in, and a few completed campaigns later it became clear that the game lacks a certain amount of depth. This isn't to say the game is simple, however the ways you can win are confined and repetitive.Every game is either a struggle to find some way you might win, or a repetitive routine in which you abuse one of a few obvious easy ways in which to win.  I'm not entirely sure where the games strenghts lie, as I stopped enjoying it a few hours in."
,Recommended,273070,9908071,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Detocroix,"Absolutely fantastic approach to sci-fi strategy genres. Interesting races and interactions. The combat is fun to play and strategic enough to keep you interested. Personally I didn't like the humor that much, at some points it was a dull but mostly the game is serious enough.There are some issues with the game not really ""putting"" you in strategic situations which easily results in very simplified stat grinding instead of actually doing the whole strategy game thing. If you are willing to spend some time thinking and planning on more sadistic things, this game offers A LOT of depth.Also in the beginning I didn't quite understand the concept of time in it. I felt like I had to hurry (because of how quickly some races ascend to space), but in actuality you have a lot of time to perform your actions. Putting 12-24 months in to tech research for example is only a fraction of time you will, eventually, spend in converting races. I would have preferred non-realtime related numbers for things. E.g. Relative time of 10 minutes for someone's ascension feels like you seriously have to hurry things up when infact it's a very long long time in game.All in all, I do highly recommend this!At least after 5 hours this feels like Master of Orion on a smaller scale and as an agent and not an empire which is really cool experience."
76561198007367950,Recommended,273070,9915737,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,AquaHoHoHo,"A very interesting strategy game. I like meddling with developing alien worlds and watching the fireworks from my actions. If you like turn based games, EU4, or Space Rangers, you'll like this game. Even if you don't know what any of those are, this game is still very fun, and should be on everyone's summer buy list. You're a giant hydra in space for pete's sake, buy it!"
76561198050032267,Recommended,273070,30392358,Posted: 8 March,all,Vitorion,"Probably the best niche game I have ever played. For a one man team, it is incredibly deep and complex, with each race having its own mechanics for interaction, politics and diplomacy - the Burlusts only respond to bribes, blackmail and duels, while the Acutians are ruled by several diferent corporations, and if you want them to do what you want, you will need to influence what corporations are in charge by building certain buildings in their planet, for example. It is also very content rich, as the other races might form a few different kinds of alliances against your federation and different kinds of empires (for example, if a planet has a sufficiently high population of criminals, it will become a Smuggler Empire), and if warfare erupts and the technology is there, the Acutians might start destroyng planets, while the Evucks are particularly fond of igniting gas giants and so on.I also really like the game's atmosphere, as the music and art are pretty nice. All in all, I won't be regretting this purchase."
,Recommended,273070,31780814,Posted: 15 May,all,AndHobbes,"Pick this one up on sale.I only spent 14 hours on this game before deciding I'd seen everything there was to see.  But there was a lot there!  The artwork, world-building, and wry humor are all great.The actual game mechanics are unique and interesting, but not at all well balanced.  Most of the mechanics are irrelevant most of the time.  Generally, it seems like you can win pretty easily if you have a plan and put it into action early.  After that, there's a lot of grinding.The battle system is good, but got tedious.  Near the end, I auto-resolved 90% of my battles.  Especially when pesky one-armada attacks would come in during a long session of poisioning the evil enemy's homeworld and bombarding them invo oblivion.Still, I'm glad I played it."
76561197995438592,Recommended,273070,9946986,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Test Pattern,"Star Control 2 mixed with Crusader Kings mixed with Master of Orion, implemented as a Turn-based Bullet Hell shoot-em-up."
,Recommended,273070,9895408,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Fabulous,You can pay someone to put rockets on a moon and smash it onto someone.10/10Would play again
,Recommended,273070,16773481,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Toddler Driver,Plays like Microsoft Excel 2010 but with better combat and graphics
76561198062399793,Not Recommended,273070,34324021,Posted: 18 August,all,noobeman,"This game has a very cool premise and some interesting ideas. I liked the writing style, but it doesn't really have anything like a story, so gameplay is the primary concern.The big problem of Last Federation is that fighting everything is the fastest way to achieve pretty much any goal. And fighting, while fun at first, quickly gets very stale. There is no tactical depth to it - some cool ideas are there, but you will quickly figure out how to beat a battle (if it is even challenging) and then you need to do exactly the same thing every time this battle happens.E.g. at some point you will have several pirate bases up, let's say 6. That means 6 absolutely identical combat missions to take them all out - and not doing it is simply the wrong move if you want to win the game (they give a bunch of everything you want).If you don't put combat difficulty on maximum, fighting will be effortless and even more boring. If you do, you will just sometimes be bursted down and the already tedious battles will take ages.If you don't fight, you will simply pick a ""dispatch"" (effect over time) and stare at the screen while the simulation runs. While the effort put into making a simulation with so many variables is admirable, all of that stuff becomes pretty irrelevant when, for example, one race randomly conquers another before you can react at all.I cannot recommend a game that bored me after 13 hours that costs 12.6$ even here in Ukraine."
76561198019022165,Recommended,273070,9896724,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,PathOfPain,"This game is freakin awesome! It's  a bit similar to AI:war, but reversed! Instead of controlling huge armadas, you instead control a single ship with various abilities and you are a mercenary who try to unite the other races who hate each other! Each race is unique in the way you can deal with them and use them to deal with the other races. You can assasinate the leaders you don't like and provoke all kind of nasy things to push your dream of creating the federation (Like assasinating the borine leader will make them attack the race they hate the most. Quite usefull to know... ;-).You can decide to try to include all the races in your federation (very difficult, but doable) or only the races who gets along. You also have to help build the planets of your ally so that they get stronger and have more ships to invade and kick the butt of your ennemy races! You can also help with research or go steal research from your ennemies. The possibilities for backstabbing and diplomacy are endless!You also spend much of the game in battle with your ship, which you can find new weapons and abilities to help depending on your situation (attacking planets, raiding cargo, destroying armadas, etc.) The graphics are no biggie but nice (the game is 400MB, which is insignigicant nowaday!) There are no cutscene and no movies, which is why the game is so small! Still the gameplay is superb and you just want to play one more turn! The sound in the game is pretty amazing. The music is superb. After countless hours, i still like to hear it play which is quite interesting because in other games, the first thing i mute is the damn repetitive music.Very original. I like it!"
76561198039471080,Not Recommended,273070,16757318,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,codadun,"The mechanics are unique, but not for everyone(myself included) The constant interruptions break the flow, and the UI is very unpleasant."
76561198041435670,Recommended,273070,9905117,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,lordling,"Enjoyable, but fundamentally flawed. The Last Federation is a game with a lot to offer, but feels as though it needs more patches to become what it really should. At present it swings between ridiculously easy (use the Acutians to dump toxic waste on some planets, murdering all but a million people there and bam, no more enemies) and absurdly hard/grindy (fight AFA insurgents on the highest difficulty, spend thirty-odd minutes fighting a tiresome, repetitive battle.).The core concept is excellent, and the gameplay starts out good, but it's simply not well balanced. AI War's brilliance was in that the more you did the harder the enemies became to defeat. Conversely, TLF doesn't have some form of inherent balancing beyond the formation of non-Federation empires, which are easily defeated by using the native abilities of your Federation allies even if you decide to simply never engage in combat.Where the game is enjoyable and clever, it's easy. Where it's hard, it's boring. Combat is so tiresome I've gone from playing on the highest difficulty to the second-highest to the lowest, simply because spending all my time carefully observing projectiles and maneuvering around them while staying just in range of an enemy ship, kiting it down and eventually blowing it up and repeating the process thirty or forty times is unenjoyable. While just clicking through combat until I win isn't stimulating, it's not any more boring than regular combat.Despite all this, The Last Federation is a game with a tremendous amount of potential. The numbers need to be better balanced - it's too hard to impact some stats, and too easy to impact others, and some options are simply useless compared to others, but after a few patches, I believe it'll be a game well worth playing."
76561198028612843,Recommended,273070,9936208,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Crecentwing,This game is a highly enjoyable experiance that reminds me of ftl plus mass effect. With random elements and a political system being meshed with a premice that to me is interesting. I also had fun with the colorful turn based shooter combat which I found to be a neat twist on standard 2d shooters. However this game does have issues the formost being that the political system is is basicly tweaking numbers. That being said I felt very immersed with all the different ways to manipulate races and why it was manipulating them in that way. For me a added bonus was a very good tutorial gradually introducing me to all the mechanics of the game. I also never felt overly cluttered or lacking in information as everything is displayed as clean and simple graphs allowing me to absorb at a glance the state of affairs. All in all for me at least this game excellent and I will be playing a great deal more in the foreseeable futer.
76561198043342122,Recommended,273070,10141537,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Terraformer,"So when I first played this game (ver.1.0) I didn't enjoy it much. The balacing was out of wack and you did'nt feel like you where supporting the overall game. However, after the Devs support for this game they have worked all the balacing iusses and now it feels like your really supporting the galaky! So I recommed this game for both players that have played ver 1.0 and left because of the games state and for new players decideing if they want to buy this game."
76561197990265363,Recommended,273070,9920795,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,karlsmit,I dont recommend many games but this is one of the very few that i really love for the gameplay and replayability.Just one word.AWESOME.
76561197990744770,Recommended,273070,15990401,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Hobo,"Pretty neat game. As with AI War (another awesome game these guys made) the graphics are quirky and bright. And I love them! :D Not really a 4X game but if you play a lot of 4X'es and feel like something a little bit different then this game is worth a shot. A lot of management, diplomacy and subterfuge. The battles are really fun as well; a turn based SMUP with awesome colours. It really works a lot better than one would think."
,Recommended,273070,16504196,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,MrBorn,"Just fantastic. Combination ofdeepestglobal strategy, like Paradox's games, and nice turn-based shoot-em-up in uniq upgradible ship (type of ship is selected at start of campaign).10 hydra heads of 10"
76561197998182186,Not Recommended,273070,13293214,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Elethio - Pixeljudge.com,"I love 4X games and I love the concept for this one, but I don't enjoy it :(That's not quite completely true, a lot of the combat is great (when its not too grindy), but the rest of the game is just too dry and distant, I've tried hard but just I can't get into it.I think this is an awesome dev, and I think I love what they are trying to do, but in practice its just not my cup of tea.So I feel the need to warn others, that this game sounds amazing in concept, but be prepared to do a lot of reading and learning and still possibly be confused about how to play or whats going on!Yes this review includes the expansion too."
76561197962138311,Recommended,273070,10007707,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,XDms,"Overall a good game, but many statistics and choices are secondary or give little to no effect. The battles are fine, maybe a bit repetitive after some hours of play. Not so deep as I expected but the work of the developers is still worth of respect. With some fix it can become even more interesting. 7,5/10"
76561198038529509,Recommended,273070,31152783,Posted: 15 April,all,Blackpoint,it is a very unique game and highly addictive. recommended for strategy and Simulation Fans.
76561198042482617,Recommended,273070,15985968,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Ninjafrog,A very interesting gameplay but lacks multiplayer.This game is different from a normal 4X as (when not playing the DLC) you are working as a single unit to unite other great civilizations.The combat is different as you take it in turns with the AI to plan your attacks and movement.And also.... YOU PLAY AS A HYDRA. IN SPACE. AND THERE ARE COOL IMAGES OF YOU.Definitely worth a look.
76561197964834167,Recommended,273070,13225332,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Mikoshi,"When I first saw this game, I was unsure if I would enjoy it, as I'd played AI Wars before and had issues getting ""into"" an abstract game.  Since it was on sale though, I decided to give it a shot, and was immediately surprised by how inuitive a lot of the aspects of the game were, but also how impressive the tutorial was(Perhaps a little too hand holdy for my taste, but definitely did a good job of teaching what was going on).For a strategy game, the difficulty was probably just about right for my tastes, with a learning curve that was not too punishing, but still required you to master most of the game to get a perfect win on normal.  What I was not expecting however was the storytelling that the game managed to do, and while much of the story is determined by your own actions(and very much read between the lines subtle in a few spots), the setup and the closure was extremely good.Replay value is a /little/ questionable, but that is more of a personal taste thing.  I felt the only weak points were in that department, and largely a consequence of the player's effect on the game being pretty Illuminati-ish.  Instead of the player taking immediate actions that had dramatic immediate effects, the most effective impacts are from long drawn out planning that typically leads to the same roads (dealing with the warmongering races typically boils down to crippling them by destroying their world's ability to make effective war, or by setting them against each other, and tipping the scale occasionally to be sure neither side ever comes out on top for instance).I'd still give the game an arbitary 9/10, especially if you can pick it up on a sale, and enjoy turn based(this is ""real time"" in a lot of ways, but very much meant to be played with a lot of pausing) strategy, sci fi, abstract gameplay, or a combination of all three."
76561198072708118,Recommended,273070,21972510,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,KillaDanDaMan,"The Last Federation is that game that will make you clock in the hours. It will also end up in your favorite games catergory for sure. Story is great, gameplay is addictive and challenging, and the recent updates and DLC have made the game even more fun. Looking forward to more content! 10/10"
76561198042864202,Recommended,273070,10046594,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Materia User,"I've played quite a few space simulators out there as well as strategy games with tons of depth.Now this may not apply to anyone else but me, but hey in case it does, I wanted to make note of it.All that depth and strategy is great but in all the other games I've played they were also confusing as hell to get into.Even the ones with tutorials are usually done badly and/or don't cover everything.This game however was very easy to learn - but still has tons of depth to it.Even better - they keep updating it and improving things all the time - even if the game wasn't updated all the time this review would still be positive, but would mention more cons, however they keep updating all the cons that I used to have so...The game is difficult - or at least uniting a federation and winning is difficult. Combat itself is pretty well balanced I think.you can dodge bullets like a bullet hell game (nowhere near as extreme though, which for me is a good thing =P)and at the same time shoot out your own. There are different kinds of weaponry, and each race gets it's own unique ship with different abilities and weapons. If your bad at those kinds of things don't worry - I am too, but you can change how strong or weak you are in the difficulty settings, as well as the type of race you choose to crash land with (and use their ship)It's turn based, which is really cool - since you can take as much time as you need for everything.As of this review my pros and cons:Pro:Constantly updated.Easy to learn, yet difficult to master.Races feel very different from each other.Customization up the wazzoo.Cons:Simple 2D graphics (I don't care, some would though)Difficult to actually winSlow overall (so is every deep strategy game I've played so far)"
76561198030734553,Recommended,273070,9902545,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Jman1a,"Ive waited a long time for a game like this , made me an instant fan."
,Recommended,273070,10068383,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,NOPper,"Really, really engaging and unique. Plus you get to be a giant space hydra!"
76561197974523751,Recommended,273070,10107309,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Dirty Harry,"It is a good strategy game, and very entertaining. But,  I not care for the complex politics. After the learning curves, it can be lots of fun."
76561197971721935,Not Recommended,273070,22152484,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Strike Team Jesus!,I wanted to like it...but just couldn't.  It has a solid concept and idea but the actual gameplay felt limited and more like nothing but small bursts between long waits.
,Recommended,273070,29428047,Posted: 22 January,all,Jambatti,"Very unique game, quite one of a kind. You play as a Hydral - lone survivor of your race, now responsible for managing lesser, younger races. Depending on game type, your goal may be either unifying them against common foe from outer space (invasion), creating a federation to ensure your own survival as a god-master of this federation (classic) , or betraying already existing federation (betrayal).The spice is , that you can't directly manage other races, and you are no god. All you have is a stolen prototype ship, a bit of technologic leftovers from your departed race, and abysmal reputation of repugnant, tyrant species.To achieve you goal you have to use more subtly approach - fraud, steal, lie, frame races in front of each other and help them negotiate deals with each other. Be a real diplomat. Or simply provoke them to bomb each other into nonexistence - the choice if yours, but keep in mind - unlike classic strategy games, the most ""direct"" approach is actually the longest way to victory in this game.Well, i guess thats enough info for the start. Game provides excellent tutorial - everything will be told to you in a very convenient pace, just make sure you don't skip it.Good luck managing your little pets, Hydral."
,Not Recommended,273070,17438826,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Rook,"Fun, but ultimately overrated.  I enjoyed the combat mechanics, and the premise is unique in that you're not trying to dominate the galaxy, but I felt the diplomacy lacked a certain amount of involvement and depth."
76561198040387356,Not Recommended,273070,18380735,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,0x2DA24FCC,"Interesting setup, interesting idea, very interesting difference between races (unlike pretty much all others 4X space games), but too short and lacks immersion. The gameplay is not that great as well once you got what you have to do."
76561197990222797,Not Recommended,273070,25879629,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,benzidrine,Very boring combat ruins what could have been an interesting game. I normally like turn based stuff but this is just awful. Combat is common in this game but there is just nothing to it. Often I'm just clicking as fast as possible to get through it. Awful.
76561198024054990,Recommended,273070,12322844,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Jonas,"I blame Total Biscuit for me buying into this madness. The launch videos for it made me lose interest, but watching TB's ""WTF Is..."" of this game made me want to buy it. I was not disappointed. The game has replayability in that you can try and 'win' it in several different ways, so there's still reason to play it after beating it. It may not be the best replayability. I suspect few people will rack up 100+ hours of game time, but few games can claim that they can.Overall, the game is a fairly unique concept (I've not even heard of a game like this before, but I'm not exactly winning trivia pursuit matches either), and executes it fairly well. If you want to try something different, I have to whole heartedly recommend this game.Something to be warned about though, you kinda have to try to actually lose this game in  strategic sense."
76561197970278686,Recommended,273070,16920644,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,cswiger,"Note that the early versions of the game had some balance issues and the turn-based combat wasn't as complicated and interesting as it has evolved into with v2, so the mixed reviews from early on are fair, but recent reviews are much more positive.Anyway, absolutely get this together with the Betrayed Hope DLC, which complements the original version of the game perfectly by letting you switch from being nice (trying to persuade/coerce/threaten the races into a unified federation) to being pure evil (aka Dalek-style exterminate everyone left alive).Betrayed Hope also seems to double the number of background songs playing for each of the planets, and the music is outstanding.  Beyond that, the gameplay and AI diplomacy on the system map is as finely crafted as anything else I can think of.Turn-based combat is much more fluid in practice than it sounds like, and it can often be a spectacular visual riot of shots blasting in assorted patterns, and being able to wisely choose a path and speed of each segment of movement makes a big difference in how much damage you take."
76561198149778555,Recommended,273070,32956913,Posted: 28 June,all,Potato Powered Gaming,So im really torn here. I like it and it is a great and complicated game but it can also feel very easy and once you figure out some really broken mechanics it just is easy. Take for example the dlc betrayed hope. I bought it and played it and in 40 minutes (according to steam so probably less tbh) I beat it just by harvesting space junk then building 6 fleets and orbital bombing the hell out of everyone then I refunded it. The base game itself is a bit better but its still easy to abuse. At this point all i do is team up with the thoraxians and whoever else will team up with them and just boost the thoraxian economy and win. But once again I have to say learning it is fun so maybe get it.
76561198062486642,Recommended,273070,33852673,Posted: 28 July,all,Bman2k7,Very fun little game. It requires a bit of learning and imagination to be fully enjoyed. Most of the information appears as text so there's alot of reading involved. I played this through once to get a 'nice guys' federation victory and that kind satisfied me. I do have the additional DCLs for this but don't think I'll get round to playing them. The base game mode seems like the best.
,Recommended,273070,16746865,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Multihack,Hail Hydral!
,Recommended,273070,27219608,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[GMB]M1k1tus,"First of all be prepared to lose, a lot. Uniting all races under one true alliance isn't supposed to be easy and it is not. First 15 hours you'll learn about races, their behaviors, social structures alongside basic game mechanics. Once you get a hang of it all you can start to raise difficulty from easy and start the learning process all over again. Be prepared to spend endless hours babysitting aliens. A must buy for strategy game fans."
76561198022075571,Recommended,273070,29393842,Posted: 21 January,all,Tarcus,Interesting spin on 4X space strategy games. Combination of grand strategy and turn based arcade style bullet hell ish combat. Its good I reccommend in particular if on sale.
76561198025198203,Recommended,273070,20961496,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Charlemagne,Good game.  Very unique concept although the bullet hell fights can get dull.
76561198005879531,Recommended,273070,14509554,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,LHR Bad Karma 6,"This is a very good game.  I can't think of anything else quite like it.  Drox Operative is possibly the closest, but that's only in concept.  In gameplay they're very different.  If you're getting down far enough to be reading my review you should already have an idea what this game is about.  Last member of an advanced race trying to have your way with the galaxy.The mix of turn based and real time gameplay is well done.  I would have liked more customizing options for your own ship.  Hardpoints for weapons, maybe.  Some way to have more than a lone weapon able to shoot each ""turn.""  Better options for making a carrier like ship as well.  Fighters and the like fire out of your ship in a large group like spokes on a bike and are handled more like a ability or ""spell"" than launching strike craft for strategic missions.  Space control and power projection doesn't exist here.I could be sitting here, chuckling to myself as waves of bombers blow pirate bases to smitherines.  All the while inferior races of beings bow down before me, awed at the might and skill of my squadrons of pilots.  They'd no doubt make TV (or whatever their society has) shows about that one pilot... You know the one.  He/She is always disobeying orders.  Getting in to tight spots.  Winning through luck more than anything.  I'll of course be stink eyeing them all the time.  The people will love them.  Probably have a call sign like Maverick or Falcon.Anyways, point is you won't have that this game.  Look somewhere else for Maverick.  This is still a good game, try it out."
76561197993129207,Not Recommended,273070,9935592,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,gorland,"It's fascinating take on the traditional strategy genre, but besides dying in combat, I don't feel the game gives me any strong grasp on whether I'm winning or losing.  I don't feel a strong cause/effect relationship between my actions and the game.  And I can't see the importance of 90% of the in game options and I can't see any way within the game I would learn their importance.  It's not that I don't know 'how' to do everything the game is offering, I just don't know why I would do anything the game is offering.Should I spend 6 months raising public order in one planet or 12 months raising medical stats in another?  What's the advantage of either?  How would I even know the difference in outcomes?  It feels like a real strategy game buried under a pile of decorative filigree."
,Recommended,273070,21338615,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Makoo,"I like this kind of rogue-lite kind of turn based dimplomatic simulator.You can either be real good and diplomatic, or be a brutal warring dictator or be a mix of it.Fight for others or make others fight for you etc.I really like it."
76561197978041004,Recommended,273070,9889922,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,NutCustard,"Great game, Highly Recommended!"
,Recommended,273070,12322211,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,theTrav,"At the sale price of $5 this game was worth it.The idea is good, and the apparent depth of the simulation driving the AIs is enticing.Unfortunately it suffers from a lack of variety in the missions which becomes extremely grindy towards the end game."
76561198045175470,Recommended,273070,12290165,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Parzival,"This game is really, really fun, If you enjoy strategy games I really recomend it"
,Recommended,273070,12394160,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,El Phoop,Amazing game. Would love to buy the sound track for steam as well.
76561198077278159,Recommended,273070,23798093,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Hellyesyea,"Quite a good game exept that sadly you can't exterminate a race only by poluting, bankrupting, evry virus in existence and/or making them revolt(Vannila), but still u can throw giant rocks at them to destroytheir planet if simply conquest by other race isn't rewarding enough.So  you are the last one of the Hydrals oldest race and dictators of the solar system who got destoryed by Evuks(a**holes) and got the finishing blow from Acutians. That one is thanks to you!(read the story)Now u crash landed on one of the planet and u are put in prison. And u just wana bring world peace :( .  How are u gonna obtain it? Will you be strong destroy the one opsing you?Will you be cunning and atract them in alliances?. That is for you to decide.The battles will be chaotic but that is how i like them(BLOOD FOR THE BLOOD GOD!!) ,but if u aren't used with this type of game might be hard at the begining.RLY no Ducking Demo? Maybe watch some videos to get the bigger picture. Don't worry if u are patient enough you will learn soon.Maybe disable RCI in advanced start for a more beginner start and remember to don't do missions for it.Music is fitting quite well(90's arcade machines) but hey,if you dont like just mute and put some Metallica,Queen,Snoop Dogg or whatever you see is working with this game.Ps:If you will hate evuks just get them a gas planet and make them loose the war.:*"
76561198021660313,Recommended,273070,23287092,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Chill,"My main problem with the game1.	Never use quick startReason: The tutorial in my opinion is terrible. It hinders the player a lot. It locks the key element of the game away: the Federation progress button. The information with in this button should be available at the start of the tutorial and then lead from there. Also the space battle tutorial is needs to be all at once not spoon feed to the player. There is not much to it. The ship has 3 main guns, 6 abilities, and power distribution to weapons, shields, and thrusters. Later you can swap out guns and abilities later in the game. That is very simple and that is the compressed version.My opinion on the game: (Note: I’ve only played on normal difficulty and 15 hours)There is a lot of waiting in this game and can snowball out of control if you don’t watch the relation races have with each other. Winning is really simple start the federation with one of the more war faring races and make them super strong and make them angry with the other races. Winning with all the races is the challenge and the problem. I’ll put it simply there is no reward nor reason for the player to do this other than bragging rights. There is nothing that makes me, the player, want to bring these races together other than the opening cut scene and I kind of wish there was more. So that lead me to say 5/10. Yes I skipped over the graphs and spreadsheet parts. Why? Because they can be mostly ignored really unless you are a mid-max person or playing on a higher difficulty (though I can’t confirm that). It's a game that's not for everyone.Better story Idea (this is for the developers)The Hydrals the first space faring and longest space faring race in their sector discover a large armada approaching their system. Unfortunately other races in the sector are on the verge of becoming space faring. The Hydral’s not wanting to deal with the other none space faring races in this time of crisis choose to block the races from becoming space faring and prepare for the coming armada force. The player, a Hydral, decides that it would be better to unite the races rather than let his race fight the oncoming force alone. The hydral goes off and delivers plans to two other race in secret and is shot down and captured by the last race, the Acutians. Later he learns of the destruction of the hydral home world do to his/her efforts years later. Which leads to the current story of creating the federation but gives a reason for recruiting as many races as possible as they need to work together to survive the coming armada."
,Recommended,273070,11083928,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Ciradis,you play as a quad-headed serpentine waterdragon who somehow manages to fly a spaceship10/10
,Not Recommended,273070,20052415,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,[GWJ]Baron_Of_Hell,No replay value for me.  Every game the aliens have the same likes and dislikes.  Every game the aliens are in the same location.I did have some fun  but I can't see myself ever playing this again.  There is no story so I have no reason to replay it.
,Not Recommended,273070,28439176,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Magdaki,I've tried hard to like this game. The problem is that is too black box in my view. I never quite not how what I'm doing effects the overall grand picture. There's insufficient feedback to understand the impact of your decisions. Great concept though.
76561197970620906,Not Recommended,273070,9905078,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Kyouzo,"Since I see this game getting a lot of praise in the press and comments, let me be that guy.1) This is not an original or new concept. Space Rangers and Drox Opertive both have the same ""rouge operative in a 4x universe"" gameplay - and they both execute on the idea in superior ways. Also note that this is not a sandbox or open-ended game – it has a very specific goal and nothing really to do but work for that goal.2) The ""strategy” part: There is only 1 solar system and 8 planets. That is it. No exploration, no undeveloped planets, nothing to find.  Make sure you understand that. One single very small, crowded solar system is all there is to play in.  The gameplay revolves around running the same missions over and over to gain favor. The upgrades are very few and not impressive. You can’t get allies to give you tech, so if you want it you have to find someone without it and research it with them or, often, steal it from you allies. (edit: I understand this and other things are being patched in, but this is not an early access game and I’m going to judge the game I’m playing as it was sold and not what it might be in 6 months.) All in all, there is little or no grand “strategy” to be had.3) Turn-based bullet-hell. The trick to a good SHMUP is control and the ship controls like a giant brick with a ton of inertia. More realistic maybe – but not conducive to dodging millions of bullets. Your abilities, heath, shield and ammo all automatically regenerate at the end of combat so there is not much depth to the “tactical” part. Actually calling this “tactical” seems disingenuous. Making something turn based does not make it tactical. It makes me really miss the turn-based fighting in Space Rangers.4) Simulation: Charts galore. Stats that influence nothing! It’s an amazing collection of information that is ultimately pointless as several other reviews have pointed out.  Super-deep political and economic simulations are great, but since gameplay basically boils down to influence and bribery the effect of those simulations are negligible at best.  The races are very different, but you use the same tactics on each one of them (i.e. running the same missions over and over for influence) so it doesn’t matter if you are doing it for space chickens or capitalist robots.  Also, I have run the simulation in observer mode and it just seems to end up in stalemate after stalemate. Not sure the A.I. is up to actually winning, but it’s great at providing endless conflict. I’ve seen planets be under “attack” for decades with nothing, literally nothing else happening in the universe. Also note that you will never just be “attacked” unless I missed something the only fights you will ever get in are the “missions” you choose to go on.I know I have not played for 1,000 hours – and I would never review a true 4x game with this little time under my belt. But let me assure you that the few hours I’ve had are enough to show me how shallow this dish is. The scope of the game is so narrow and confined that everything just feels arbitrary and repetitive. Maybe with a great deal of work this could be fun – there is a foundation to build something great here; but this is not that great game. One of the few games I wish I did not purchase."
,Not Recommended,273070,9891794,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,White Glint,"Great idea, great combat - bugs and generally poor execution of other aspects hold it back.The most egrarious problem is when a planet just will not be taken over despite being surrounded by the entire rest of the solar systems armadas with no defending ships and just won't get taken over.They like to tout the butterfly effect as a feature, but unfortunatly most of the time it is very hard to tell what you actions are doing and the more you do the harder it seems to be to form a federation. They only time I successfully got an federation is when I sat on a planet doing nothing but bolster its warfleet, where as zipping around trying to make planets like each other seems to get stuck at 50 and won't rise no matter how much they battle the same enemy or have trade routes.Its a pity because the comabt is fun, the ai voice is frequently funny and the general thrust of the game is great, but I can't recomend it to anyone in its current state."
76561198064198514,Recommended,273070,13102987,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Lovenought,"Very good. 8/10 definitely recommended.(Sorry for the brevity, I'm not really good at writing proper reviews.)"
,Recommended,273070,10107168,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,GreyTalon,"much yes, very fun, frequent updates"
,Not Recommended,273070,16838325,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,FlamingCamel,The space battles are good and require some strategy but there isn't enough information provided to help you along in forming a federation. I've spent 8 hours in two games on normal difficulty and haven't even gotten close to forming a federation. I hope the Betrayed Hope modes make it more enjoyable because I don't believe that the base game is worth it.
,Recommended,273070,16487602,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Niteowl33,You can chuck moons at people. I don't know about you but that's enough for me.
,Recommended,273070,16762617,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Yusrin Hadi,the ♥♥♥♥ did i just buy?i like the music.but i dont know what the ♥♥♥♥ is going on.brb .. gunna rtfm.
,Recommended,273070,32814627,Posted: 26 June,all,patt2129,"After playing for a few hours i can say its a good game. Its original, easy to learn and fun. I also like the varities of aliens, planets, govenments etc...."
,Recommended,273070,15884603,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,autismix,Got a federation with the Acutians and planetcracked every single planet not in the federation already.10/10
,Recommended,273070,34006792,Posted: 3 August,all,Anti,"An amazing game who's devs I support 100%. Archen always makes unique games that there's barely anything like it.I'm not to great of a word-smith, so I can't really come up with an actual review lol, seriously, this is steam. If you really wanted a good review you'd go somwhere else. Just uhh, have fun."
76561197972727240,Recommended,273070,24115951,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Tom,"This game is nothing short than amzing.warning:- this game can have framerate issues when you are fighting large groups.This game is less about tactical battles (which i love the battle sytem in this)  and more about politics and manipulation.  most problems can not be solved by shooting them.I find this game hard to explane, but i would highly recomend watching some gameplay on youtube and if you find it intresting enough jump right on in!"
,Recommended,273070,20122989,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Phezzan,"""God does not play dice with the universe; He plays an ineffable game of His own devising, which might be compared, from the perspective of any of the other players [i.e. everybody], to being involved in an obscure and complex variant of poker in a pitch-dark room, with blank cards, for infinite stakes, with a Dealer who won't tell you the rules, and who smiles all the time.""Playing the last federation is like playing God.You control only a single starship, which isn't even terribly powerful.  Your job is to kill just the right butterflies so that the universe walks into your goal scenario.Along the way you get to play a number of turn based bullet dodging missions in order to accomplish your objectives.This is not any sort of combat simulation, some ships just spray bullets into space in beautiful patterns.Your guns aren't really upgradable, even though you have choices - a rock, paper, scissors style damage system.This game is not a 4x.There is no unknown area to Explore.Your control cannot expand.You do not own any resources to exploit.And while you have a ship, the closest you can get to exterminate is taking special actions to reduce the population of a planet.What you do have is influence, spent in marvelously different ways for each 'race'.This game is basically the diplomacy screen from a normal 4x fleshed out into a full game.It's brilliant, but it's not for everybody. Sadly it's not for me either."
,Recommended,273070,20416098,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,ronin1272,"I have no idea what's going on, but I keep winning and it is fun.  Alot of stuff going on, both in and out of combat."
76561198094916444,Recommended,273070,10433171,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Panzer,great strategy game lots of ways to win and good gameplay
,Recommended,273070,10555059,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,wiz,"FTL meets Star Control, Democracy and SPAZ."
76561198098859579,Recommended,273070,10560994,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Unoriginal1deas,The last federation was also the only federation 8/10(it's a turn based bullet hell)
,Recommended,273070,14303027,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,teslas,"My three playthroughs so far were a good damn time. The kind of detatched puppet master role you play is an interesting one. The expansion even throws that right out of the window, if you prefer to actually play one of the major powers, and changes gameplay immensely (though I've not yet tried it) to the point where it's essentially two different games with the same pretty packaging around them.Production quality, especially for the small studio, is top notch. If you watch the marketing propaganda on the steam page and think you might like this game, I can promise you that you definitely will."
76561198007475885,Recommended,273070,16774085,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,itchy01ca01,"Great game. Has some really awesome Vorlon-esque attributes. Like to command entire fleets or the whole galaxy? Yup, you're in charge. Almost literally. You DO control what goes on, but the AI has a say in what is happening as well. A cause and effect reaction I guess you could say. Very immersive, if you're in to that type of thing."
76561198040997352,Recommended,273070,16873700,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,ian.oliver,"This game has quite a steep learning curve, and looks a bit naff at first, but give it a chance and you will be rewarded with a  deeply engrossing, charming, and surprising strategy game. Lots of choices, stats, humour, great music, sound effects, and hand-drawn artwork. Very different concept, so well done to the developers."
,Recommended,273070,16751145,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Kovah,"This game is one of them best space strategy games ive ever seen, a match of planetary annihilation and Faster Then Light, Enjoyed every moment of this game,Best part of this game is that You can destroy the planets which inhabitence Hates you!!!!!!!!!!! this game is a must!"
,Recommended,273070,17255542,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,The Buzzing Quantum Canine,"Hydras in Space, and A funnier Shipcomputer then Ordis will ever be. So I picked this game up, heard it was hard as balls, got owned in my first attempt, second attempt I won. . . after 8 hours... Well, it IS a really nice game, those 8 hours passed like no time at all. Although I want more, I don't know what exactly but maybe the DLC will help my cravings"
76561198059245304,Recommended,273070,17928300,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Macaroni and Hamburger Grease,You can influence a place into becoming a tourist attraction and then bomb it to oblivion for no reason.10/10
76561198036562911,Recommended,273070,18222066,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,youarethemusic,"My first foray away from historical stragtegy themes, and my new fave. Love the foreign relations options. Really love the turn-based shooter combat."
76561198047890522,Recommended,273070,18110584,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,President Camacho,"Def worth $20,it's one of those ""one more turn"" type games."
76561198028185820,Recommended,273070,18256355,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Mr. 24's,"I feel like a damn preschool teacher at times.No Thoraxians, stop attacking the Andors. Acutians leave the Skylaxians alone.Or you can just murder everyone you don't like. It's a lot easier than playing peace keeper."
76561198257458655,Recommended,273070,26173723,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,mattaerow,Complicated but fun to play. If you liked AI War you would like this. A good time user upper....!
76561198008110769,Recommended,273070,18787062,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,KillerofGods,"Game is really fun and I totally recommend it, not going into too any real detail because others have done so already. I just think the game developers deserve the positive review as they have a great community going on their website! :DI'm an avid Blizzard fan just because of how awesome people can sometimes be and they have a nice close knit community going but without all the trolls that huge companies bring in."
76561197990087355,Recommended,273070,16749684,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Esarraf,"Its an ok game, you should get it on sale but its not really a finished game. It does have voice acting but after one or two playthroughs you have heard all of them. The music is ok, nothing special.  Theres only 8 races which could easily be 50 instead, none of them are very unique, except for the Thoraxians that kill evreyone, not jokeing they will almost always kill evreyone. Its not very lore heavy and if you have it on max speed after your done with whatever you will see that someone is dead. There is no indication that a war has started or anything like that besides when someone is dead, then the ai will tell you that the species is dead but by then you will have muted her. But for its many, many flaws theres something about it that I like, I dunno what it is but I like it. Also the combat is boring and slow so you will probably just auto end it becuase it takes a very long time."
76561197996025113,Recommended,273070,9942869,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,athelasloraiel,"FANTASTIC!!! A RPG in space, tropico in space, diplomacy in space, Eclipse - like funny and never the same game. go for it, will not forget and definitely will not regret."
,Recommended,273070,14413061,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Ithaqua,"OK ... It's a complicated version of MoO & MoO2 (I won't mention MoO3).There's going to be a learning curve but that is expected.Expect a ""game"" to last 2-3 hoursSeriously if your looking for a 4x space sim similar to MoO ... get this.That said I waited till it was on sale.  At $10 this is a great game."
76561198016079755,Recommended,273070,13195175,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Hermann Göring,I don't know what to say
76561197997327689,Recommended,273070,17103733,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Platonov,"If you consider 1h of gaming = 1 euro this game will worth it for you people but me i bought it when on sale.Replayability is ok but we are still locked in one system and one ship.With the extension you have more game mode but you don't have access to the ultimate tech like time travel and god Mote...And the extension add just kill all other race with mindless robot or try hard to make them survive against obscura with your only ship win in manual battle obscura wipe your allies fleet faster than in auto....My review : 7/10+good price,+like a shoot them up in turn based+ at least we have a you are OP difficulty level+ Can choose at least his fed and non linear campaign but has an end-Cannot do like other civ even in civ (mode betrayal) they got some OP building like burlust ultimate bulding everyone on total war.-Mission repetitive-Balance in ground combat"
,Not Recommended,273070,19805516,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,RivieraKid,"Played 20 hours, still don't 'get' the game. Was after the next MOO2 or FTL, but this isn't it."
,Recommended,273070,13906602,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,ShadowPulse,10/10 would reunite universe again
,Recommended,273070,29132098,Posted: 8 January,all,WAFFAR,"-AAA Game-""Fuilled"" lots of my time-Killed my people-A Federation of myself"
76561198031237061,Recommended,273070,26173864,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Fabi,"It is an awesome game. In the 73 hours i played i won just twice (normal difficulty) but even losing games here is fun. Mostly because every game is random. The actions of the species depend on their planets and these change every new game.Pros:Lots of variation / replayabilityNeutral:The dlcs add a lot of fun. I recommend to buy them.Cons:The tutorial is... not bad but there are so much options i dont get even after 70 hours... it would have been nice if they had omething like a guidesection for general strategies.The price is to high in my opinion, at least for the dlc. They complement the game really well but i recommend to wait for a sale."
,Not Recommended,273070,12200451,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,kedearian,"Not as marketed. This is not a 4x, it's not a galatic civ/civ in any way. It's more like a political game, with a 'combat' mini game thrown in. It's kind of boring, there's no real feeling of research/technology mattering. You are basically playing a ""fast foward game until number hits X"" for most of it, trying to get the NPC's to like you. Think of progress quest, but you have to hold down fast forward and you'll have a good sense of it."
,Not Recommended,273070,10137572,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Daedolon,"Ok, let's start right off the bat, this game is not actually bad. It has a lot of interesting features but the overall result is that those features could have been handled in a better way.The first and most horrible turn off for me in this game is the amount of information this game gives : Whoa ! I never saw  so much information in a game. From the planet info to the history log, this is too much for me to enjoy playing. It's like I spend most of my time reading instead of actually playing the game...What's more, a lot of those information are not really needed and as many others already said, the game just requires you to make friends with who you want and do missions for them.Which makes me come to my second point : Too repetitive. When I saw the battles were in real time, I thought it was a really interesting game but after going throught dozens of battles, well it got quite boring. Just move and choose the weapon and let the game do the rest. Yeah, it includes some strategy but battles are such a mess that most of the time, it'll be more like a rock-paper-scissor battle, just find the good weapon and avoid missiles. I thought there would be more customization for the weapon like the ability to purchase and evolve your ship parts, but what we have just make it the same whatever weapon you use. And being interrupted each second to give orders is rather annoying.Another small point that annoys me is the UI. I don't know why but I feel like the UI is not clean, the typo is not easy to read and the information display ticks me off, like it's not at the level it should be for a game worth 20$. But maybe it's just me.All those points together makes it a no for me. If you enjoy space strategy games, I'd rather recommend other games (such as Endless Space which is a must have for me)."
76561198109891961,Not Recommended,273070,15881292,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,co897co897,"its ok if you like arcade style games but if you don't stay away! the game play isn't bad but the camp is harder then you would think, maybe its just me but i found the game to be harder then it should have been and not very in depth in a story line, the only thing that kept me playing was the smart♥♥♥♥♥remarks the Ai made. all in all the ship to ship fighting got old really fast and the plot sucked, the ending was disappointing as all hell, and the teching is pretty much useless i mean i hardly ever used it and still don't....all in all an ok game but not my type i regret buying it even when it was on sale."
76561198008015549,Not Recommended,273070,9911684,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,shane799,"Not what I thought.  This game is not good so far!!!  Top down graphics.   Turn based combat Atari style, but without the fun.  The galaxy is 8 planets????  This is probably the most money I have spent on a steam game.  $15!!!!!! AAHHHHCouldn't even be bothered to play my first hour before shutting her down.  Probably won't go back to it ever.  Too many good games I have paid for an not even tried.  I see all of the other recomendations for this game which caused me to buy it.  Thought it might a real hidden gem.  So disapointed.  I will update this review if my opinion changes."
76561198040372851,Recommended,273070,30445250,Posted: 11 March,all,The Dead Bread,10/10 Only played three games and have killed more people then the nazis.
,Recommended,273070,29414581,Posted: 21 January,all,"Fat, Fem and Asian",Commiting genocide has never been more fun.
76561197970693162,Recommended,273070,15774722,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,gotanypop,in one of my playthroughs i dumbed about 100 tonnes of garbage on the burlust and everyone left the federation5000000000000000000000000/10
,Not Recommended,273070,16481189,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,cookj71,"I'm either not getting this game, especially in relation to how it's being sold, or it just sucks.  There might as well be no graphics, because they don't really do anything.  If you turn the music off, most of the time you get dead silence.  You constantly stare at a Universe Scale map.  There is no colinization, or anything else associated with real stratagy.  And you have special god like powers.  You can completely alter the four key, ""game elements"", by just saying please change this.  It really boils down to running from one of 7 planets and affecting those 4 key elements.  The tech tree seems irrelevent, and like I said it's all really just numbers, there is no real graphics to this game.  One exception.  There is a completely unfleshed out 2D space combat game mixed in.  But that just turns into a much cooler version of a 1980's arcade game called astroids.  With special gimicks you get to throw out a limited number of times.  Again, maybe I don't get this game, but to me, I'd rather play monopoly or sorry with my little kids, than this game.  I'll come back to it again at some point.  If anything changes, I'll let you know."
,Not Recommended,273070,22882554,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,RonynCato (ಠ_ಠ),"There is no learning curve; rather, a large, unintelligible brick wall."
76561198004480647,Not Recommended,273070,12283475,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Groovy Chin,"I liked the idea of the game. Unfortunately while playing it, I found many things seemed pointless and the combat repetitive. There are other strat/sims I would rather play."
,Not Recommended,273070,18927373,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Gallomimia,"""I am the Last of the murdered race Hydra""or something like that...the game crashes at this point. It was really cool till then.Mac 10.10===Hey I got this to work. Then all the settings took effect and it looked pretty good. Got complicated fast. WTF is going on?"
76561198031313661,Not Recommended,273070,10476751,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,f.trott,"Don't know about Windows, but the Linux version is pathetic.* Crashes every 5 minutes.* Has loads of graphic errors.* Impossible to finish. (Enemy's ground forces are not bombed to zero, they continue to drop into the negatives. After a while they overflow into ridiculously high numbers. Round and round... Hilarious.)Can I have my money back?"
76561198052929627,Not Recommended,273070,9907980,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,rockiavelli,"Two hours into the game and I'm already bored with it.  The same mechanics of slowly moving your ship around so it doesn't get destroyed, repeat, repeat, repeat.  Pretty damn tedious."
,Not Recommended,273070,10423099,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Buman[NOM],"waste of time, ended up playing it for a long time hopping that it would pick up, but in reality it is a grinding mess with no thought involved the entire game."
76561197994601982,Not Recommended,273070,13868844,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,tyrell,"This game was named in other review as Spreadsheet Commander, and this is true. There are awesome Arcen games (AI War, Bionic Dues). This game is not one of them."
,Not Recommended,273070,22060360,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,jamesmcm03,"There is no tutorial, and no indication of how to play the game aside from the repetitive missions."
,Not Recommended,273070,10738396,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Gandalf the White,"I played the game for over an hour and simply could not get into it. Nothing about it particularly excites me; the gameplay feels repetitive and underwhelming, and the diplomacy doesn't strike me as much more than clicking back and forth between various different colored text. Maybe there's a lot more later in the game, but I do not feel drawn in enough to devote the time and find out. The lackluster effect of this game is really disappointing coming from the folks who created AI Wars."
,Recommended,273070,14951962,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,⚡⚡ cfitz001 ⚡⚡,I STILL have no idea what I am doing!
,Not Recommended,273070,17673146,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Reingeist,"It took one minute of playtime to know I made a mistake, the following seven minutes affirmed my assumption."
,Not Recommended,273070,12996172,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Rabcor,"This game looked promising, but it only took it about 2 hours for it to turn into a grindfest for me, once I saw that all I was really doing was grinding reputation, money and waiting for other factions to do something, I just stopped.I felt that the amount of things you can do in this game are too limited, even if the scale of the effects of the things you actually can do in this game is pretty large.I'm not gonna say it was a bad game, it just wasn't really good enough."
,Recommended,273070,23353188,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,xylophone,I suck at politics.
76561198001784839,Not Recommended,273070,13957994,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Salty Jack,"wanted to like it, couldn't.  i like 4x."
76561198018589020,Not Recommended,273070,10584493,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Madmarcus OO,I like the idea of the game but it had very limited legs.
,Not Recommended,273070,11879796,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Cursedth,I'll put it simply : Plain horrible.Bad UIHorrible graphicsNot the real 4x (like masters of orion)Very small playing field.Horrible sound and voice.
76561198056746787,Not Recommended,273070,13886738,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,gietek,"I was fooled by the reviews and recommendations. Looks like today indie games are good because they are indie.As much as I love 4x games this seems like a tedious journey through boring text screens, visually tragic interface, cheesy music and arcade style fighting minigame. I haven't even got into the diplomacy and economy. The first 20 minutes of the game was repulsive enough to put me off forever. Trust me, it's not a steep learning curve or anything like that. It's just the overwhelming ""get on with it!"" feeling that killed all the passion for finishing my very first playthrough. This is quite remarkable and doesn't happen very often. I've had more fun with much worse games than this."
,Recommended,273070,26006283,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,linuxpunk,"This is the best turn based shmoop 4X game I've ever played.Also, thanks for the linux support."
76561198019539162,Not Recommended,273070,10246505,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,SgtZero,This game is borning and not a turn base X4 speed at all. Just lots of colorfull screens filled with data forcing you to micro manage until your eye balls burn
76561198055321248,Not Recommended,273070,15177211,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Weight,DID not pull me in
76561197993264978,Not Recommended,273070,9904092,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,PumaPagan,"Broken game with too many gameplay bugs. While patch 1.002 fixes a few, there are still many issues that need to be fixed. The Last Federation scores points for trying to put a different spin on the 4x / strategy genre but the execution has been pretty craptastic. This game was rushed out the door with serious issues such as: AI not initiating ground combat, Numerous typos like ""Peacekeeers"", Missing diplomacy options (Boarines have no option to join the Federation even with a Solar Unity regent), Broken special weapons, but I'll just leave it at that. A lot of this game just dosen't work, or has been band-aided to kinda work.Still considering buying it? I suggest waiting until they release about a years worth of patches before jumping in or wait until it's on sale for $5.99. Otherwise welcome to paid beta.This game takes ""Indie Game Sloppy"" to the next level. I like the concept, but the implementation and execution is horrid."
,Not Recommended,273070,9897288,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,bobcba,"I want to like this game, the concept really appeals to me. However, the end result is that this game is just dull. It's boring."
76561197994408157,Recommended,273070,12872719,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,DrFetid,"Befriended a race to start my Federation with them, my worst enemy wipes them out right away."
,Recommended,273070,21719674,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Monkeebread,q
76561197981409872,Not Recommended,273070,9886403,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,primarccreagor,"When I first got this I thought cool fight for credits and make a federation from the fights and help with other races, wrong!  Wade though menu after menu of deals that are not combat just for .2 per month of rep so then you can help them or dont and spend time sitting waiting. The first fights are the worst and after that you dont have to fight again, ever. This is more a political game than combat and has more favor for time, than favor for fight. I would not recomend if you are looking for space ship fights."
,Recommended,273070,12748209,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,*** Woo! ***,"I don't understand how to make my ship stronger. All battles I'm put into at the beginning GREATLY outclass my ship. How am I supposed win ANY of these friggin battles? If I can't win any battles how do I progress? If I am progressing how do I build technology to get new weapons?What? Please explain things to me. I have no idea what I'm supposed to do, so I play for another 30 minutes, scratching my head with these baffling ""help"" boxes and still have no idea how to progress properly.I'll only reccomend it as it seems like there /must/ be something here... something to this game and I am simply not understanding it."
76561198060962594,Not Recommended,273070,9957177,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Doc Motrin,would rate it a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game but for the price you get what you pay for. kind of wish i had my money back
76561198063963211,Recommended,273070,22486750,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Crimson Kang,"this is actually a pretty good game, but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥who gives a ♥♥♥♥ about the ♥♥♥♥ing communists"
76561198055584399,Not Recommended,273070,12193347,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,amandelx,"Stupid, Confusing and im still trying to figure out why im wasting my time attempting to understand it."
76561198080742137,Not Recommended,273070,23175535,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,TIE Phantom,"Great game, just not my taste.It's way too slow and confusing, even on easy mode."
76561198098286120,Not Recommended,273070,9872152,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,scottdottcomm,"This game has some fun elements and cool concepts.  Does it have the depth of a 4X as claimed, I think not.  It quickly became very repetitive with mission play being what you would expect on an Android or IPhone."
,Not Recommended,273070,16299708,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,platts wilson too hot,"i hated it, i couldn't understand how to attack and build a reputation"
,Recommended,273070,32070571,Posted: 30 May,all,ndevln,...
,Not Recommended,273070,9892926,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,IT-Psycho,Chaotic gameplay.
,Recommended,273070,12569009,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Randomnoob111,10/10 would do again.
76561197984481085,Not Recommended,273070,9881433,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Wink,facing and direction dont matter  no concept of terrain.  2d ship to ship just consists of a bunch of buubles and missile symbols floating toward eachother.  While I laud the attempt.  the execution is too poor to play for more than 3 minutes.
76561198058584772,Not Recommended,273070,31123723,Posted: 13 April,all,kresimir.hecimovic,tldr
76561198058038530,Recommended,273070,10703159,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,hecticabbadona,"If you ever wanted to play a game where you were the Vorlons or the Shadows, this is it! You can maniupalte the course of younger civilizations and mold them how you please. Or if you don't like them you can just wipe them out. Very fun!"
76561197964003004,Recommended,273070,10848449,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,hartar.j2,"I just played a bit of the game,but i can say,it is a very unique game.It have the a more strategy type,like politics,but also, have a space ship battle,like a bullet hell type game,just like TB said.I can only think in one game that it is just like this one it is Divinity: Dragon Commander."
,Recommended,273070,10488598,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,mattjpwns,"(v1.025)Great to see Arcen continuing to take risks with new IP. I haven't been the greatest fan of some of their latest titles (AVWW2 and Shattered Haven were both disappointing), but I really think they've nailed it with this one in the same way they did with AI War.A unique twist on the 4X genre, fantastic soundtrack, great use of both turn based and pausable real-time elements, a changelog that'll take you a good half an hour to read, a very friendly tutorial - and has sold well enough for multiple expansions to be in the works.I didn't find it terribly difficult - I've beaten the game on hard without too much of a sweat and the real challenge is certainly in the early game as opposed to the late one, but there's enough value here in replays and achievements to make self imposed difficulty a realistic option.Get on it."
76561197972429764,Recommended,273070,10205574,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Xuincherguixe,"Initially I had some issues with the game, having purchased it near release. It seemed like some approaches were not actually feasible, which was made even more egregious by the fact that there were achievements for them. Like ""win a game with only one race in the federation"" for each race.Changes have made that kind of thing more viable.I kind of knew going in that it had problems, but I felt it was a concept worth endorsing. A kind of strategy game where you don't control armies, but make suggestions and take specific actions. I'd like to say ""and you don't have much impact"", but when you can convince one race to strap rockets to a moon and send it crashing into another race's homeworld, destroying the planet utterly? That is making a pretty significant impact. In a literal and figurative manner.How you interact with each race is a little different. Sometimes you deal with a democractic society. In those situations you might bribe individuals or make speeches for or against parties. Some civilizations have an insect queen, so you bribe them with tasty food in order to have them mood swing to something that suits your purposes better. Sometimes you'll kill their leaders. One race will respect you more if you do that. One race consists entirely of corporations. So you can help the corporations that do the things you like get into power by helping them construct buildings.The setting is creative, and the writting is pretty good too. There is little voice acting, most of which takes the form of your ships computer, whom I kind of love. Lots of personality. If I was the last member of a tyranical alien race I think I'd want an onboard self aware computer a lot like that too.What makes this game interesting is the way you approach diplomacy. You have a goal, in forming an interplantary federation. Several alien races working together. But how you manage that is pretty open ended. You don't have to be a nice guy about it. I for one am having a bit too much fun getting those ""win a game with only one race left"" achievements. See, you can't actually form a federation unless at least two races like each other. Which means one of them has to die. And the best way to ensure that happens is to influence another race to betray them. And then help the remaining race in your federation commit genocide on planatary scales.You can also try and do things in a less transparently malevolent fashion. And I feel that's kind of the way you're supposed to do it. But at the same time there's something kind of awesome about forming an alliance out of literal capitalist robots, a race that is so death metal that they like you MORE when you defeat their leaders in personal duels and sell the pilots you ""rescue"" into slavery, and insects that eat everything ruled by hive queens that undergo constant mood swings.That one is actually pretty tricky because they can decide they're better off without you, and kick you out of your own federation you formed. But figuring out some kind of strategy is why it's fun."
76561198090057879,Recommended,273070,16948774,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,dfarmer691,"WOW. this game was amazing. i have to admit, this is the most thinking ive ever done in a video game. great game. i had to actually put thought and effort into the races"
76561198170706651,Recommended,273070,17187333,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Professor_Boris,"After 5 hours in my first game bugs conquered all but my favoured race. Colonising planets with pirates failed and my favoured race decides to take on the smallest, weakest and isolated planet with their fully advanced armada. The invasion fails and the homeworld fails.I'm going to wipe out both races ASAP on my next playthrough."
,Recommended,273070,11631493,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Colamäleon,"Attention! : This game requires a lot of patience. Prepare to get tutorials thrown at you scattered along the first 2 hours.But after that, it really starts to shine. The game gives you tons of options, and you are going to need them. Basically, you have the incredibly hard task of uniting a universe that would otherwise destroy itself. The alien races all act differently, which often  leads to them fighting (mostly over minor stuff. E.g. ""They eat food we don't like. Thus we don't like them."" Just like real life).However, apart from the well executed strategy part which is a realtime/turnbased hybrid thing (every action you perform costs a certain amount of time) there is the combat system, which takes a little time to get used to but is great fun after that. It's like a bullethell game, but with frequent pauses to give the next comand.So if you like strategy games of any kind and have a lot of time mastering the games mechanics I'd say it's defenetly whorth the pricetag.(Note: The game is entirely in English...)"
,Recommended,273070,11806941,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Fortuna,"I got addicted to this game so fast it was kind of ridiculous. The balancing act of trying to get everyone you want into the Federation, trying to keep those races alive when others REALLY want them dead...it's a fun game, and strangely so. The combat sequences can be repetitive, and it can take time for things to finish, even on x2 speed. But it's definitely worth looking into if you like games that are a little like Civilisation, with some of the difficulty of FTL. I love it, and you should play it."
76561198018717242,Recommended,273070,12194777,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Philosfr,"Starting up the game, there is a wonderful introduction/tutorial that is one of the best I've seen. It fits within the game and it doesn't even feel like a tutorial. Great introduction to a game that has more complexity that it appears.And that sums up the game. It seemed simplistic at first and fairly basic. The combat seemed laughable, being you play as a super ship in a galaxy of space faring noobs. Yet just as I was about to give up on the game, it got interesting. It also revealed the game is harder than it first looks. Get past the first hour and suddenly you're trying to juggle a half dozen alien races. Helping one annoys the rest, which is a problem since your goal is to unite the galaxy in a federation, which doesn't work as long as you have enemies.Surprisingly hard to put down once I've started playing. It's not really like anything else I've played, which is a good thing."
76561197978048897,Recommended,273070,12058551,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,[514]-Sir_Sac,Excellent game. very unique and addictive.
76561198046600843,Recommended,273070,12217837,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Forte,A fantastic strategy/diplomacy game; If you go in looking for action you are going to be dissapointed.
76561198062104922,Recommended,273070,11467942,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,GenghisJon,TLF Is a decent enough game with a vast amount of options to chose from and an endless amount of conclusions to said options. Its hard as are all rogue likes but the various charts and statistics make it more reminant of older rogue likes than more recent ones like FTL. The turnbased combat system is fun and requires some skill (however my first playthrough it actually was broken). I wouldnt recomend it to someone who is looking for something straitforward and simple but rouge like enjoyers will find pleasure in this game
,Recommended,273070,13197484,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Arikki,"Interesting mix of tactical, turn based bullethell and diplomacy simulator.Not a perfect game but it really has its moments, should last a few playthroughs atleast.You play as a single Hydral in his flagship, trying to create a federation of races which would ensure peace in the solar system. The hard part is that some of the races really dont like eachother, some will hate you for your actions and some may seize any opportunities to gain power if you give them too much help.It's basicly a game of juggling  cats and trying to make them not kill each other."
,Recommended,273070,13295982,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,I was a Radio.,"An interesting blend of 4X and Turn-based combat.  What makes it different from the other 4X games is the fact that you don't have any direct control over the 8 races of the game, and can instead only prod them in the direction you want them to go.  Also, the goal of the game is peace, not war, which significantly changes the strategy, and puts an emphasis on diplomacy and influence. The turn based combat is the weak point of the game, since it gets very bland and repetitive quickly. Luckily they implemented an auto-resolve feature to get out of it.  Overall a strong title with some unique mechanics, and worth playing."
,Recommended,273070,13437990,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Iambic Pendragon,"This game defies normal genres- To summarise, it is a combination of traditional 'Death by a Wall of Solid Text' 4X gameplay (with some unconventional and brilliant omnipresent politicking) and a top-down bullet-hell shooter. With turn based gameplay, no less!To clarify, the ship to ship combat is turn-based, while the strategic map can pause to show the state of the entire galaxy in one fraction of a second, or can skip many months in a minute, dependant upon the players wishes.The main basis of the gameplay is that you play an unaligned mercenary piloting a stolen ship, aiming to herd 8 warring intergalactic factions into a galactic Federation (one of whom is somewhat perturbed, as you nick your ship off them in the first place). The races seem perfectly content to squabble among themselves for all eternity, and take a very apparent glee in making your job all the more difficult.In terms of accessibility to levels of player dedication (and patience), it is varied in difficulty. The easiest difficulty still provides just enough challenge that your tactics will adapt beyond your comfort zone, allowing new 4X empire builders a campaign-length sandbox to test their strategies in, whilst the toughest difficulty is, I would presume, challenging enough for even a master of turn-based space combat.I would not be able to say too much more about Hardest difficulty, as I can barely get past the tutorial level on it.In conclusion, if you like the idea of a text-heavy 4X political strategy game with a refreshing turn-based top-down spacecraft shooter with dakka levels set to optimum, then look no further than this game.If, however, you are attached to your retinas, then better luck elsewhere (those myriad bullets, shells and lasers dotting the screen can give some wicked migraines if you look too closely to the screen)."
76561197970607311,Recommended,273070,13593081,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Flopy,"Different, interesting scenario with several ways to beat. Nice, works also on bit slower computer."
76561198037424717,Recommended,273070,13644991,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,NorseBoris,"It's like Galactic Civilizations, except you control a single ship and try and get the other civilizations with whole planets at their disposal to co-operate."
,Recommended,273070,13371241,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Stormfromtheheart,"The Last Federation.  A strategy game with you being a... Bloody Hydra in Space! The last bloody hydra in space, I might add.  Your job, or mission, is to unite all the universe under one federation using your smooth talking skills.  Giving technology to races, helping their planets, making enemies... commiting mass genocide... and ruining relationships, will all alter how each race feels about you.  Other races will team up against you and your allies at times. There may even be a fallout and outbreak of war between two allied races.  Anything, even unpredictable events like planetary diseases govern the outcome.  Tread carefully when playing.  If waiting isn't your thing, this isn't your thing.  All in all, it's a numbers game. Statistics will effect everything in this, sometimes unfairly so.  Combat is a turn-based shoot-em-up style space battle that isn't too difficult to figure out.  I give it a 10/10. With slight bias and generosity, I give this a perfect score, if not only because it's so well thought out and very conceptually artistic.  Oh wait... the real reason is... you're a Bloody Hydra in space!"
,Recommended,273070,16869272,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,jtgibson,"About halfway through the game, you will most likely already know whether you've won or not.  This means that the late game can result in a lot of tedium where it feels as though you are simply mopping up.  However, getting to that point is one hell of a lot of fun, and there are enough surprises along the way to keep even the late game interesting.Arcen do claim that you should use the fast forward often and as much as possible, but for me I've found that this is usually suicidal.  The problem with the interface is that it tends to be moderate-to-long periods of tedium interspersed with sudden and astounding events that suddenly change the game world to such an extent that it isn't possible to avoid; more work should have gone into a system that allows interruptions of ""dispatches"" when various events occur.  Pair that with the fact that some things you do will have absolutely no consequence (e.g., after I wiped out a five-armada Burlust invasion of the Evuck homeworld, somehow the Burlusts still instantly conquered the planet) and the game can be an exercise in frustration.But what an exercise!  If you look past its small faults, you'll find a lot to love."
,Recommended,273070,19860707,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Sc,"This is a very fun game. Pretty original concept too. In this one you play as the last of your species. Your goal is to create a peaceful federation so no more sentient races go extinct. Too bad it's not that easy - you're likely going to end up committing mass genocide against a few of them to get to this end. Alternatively, you can (with DLC) betray your hopes for a federation and attempt to control the entire solar system with robots as you try to revive your fallen race.Buy the collection while it's on sale, it's guaranteed to give you many hours of fun, and doubly so if you love a challenge."
76561198116580345,Recommended,273070,21204158,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,The Happy Hot Dog,"Super unique take, most strategy games revolve around building yourself up & conquering - I really enjoyed the departure. You're required to juggle & consider 8 different races on your goal of unifying the solar system. There are large scale tactical options to make, & a real depth to the interactions that diplomacy in most other strategy games fall short on. Recommended to anyone looking for something unique in the genre."
,Recommended,273070,21014540,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,DoN|Notorious Terrorist Sam Hyde,"I played it for 2 straight ours when I only intended to try it quick and then go to bed. Fantastic game, lets you do almost anything."
76561198047361357,Recommended,273070,17572716,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Archiewhite,"This game is basically an ambassador simulator: you're supposed to form an alliance among 8 races - or as many as you want - that will last for an eternity.Alternative to this is either claiming the system for yourself (Betrayal) or protecting it from insanely powerful enemy unwilling to make peace (Invasion).Also, a joke 10/10 review:SPOILERS AHEAD!- Bought an expansion- Started Invasion mode- Asked Acutians to crack Obscura planet- Won the game for 100k creditsPlanetbusting 10/10"
76561198038439680,Recommended,273070,33311158,Posted: 6 July,all,Beaver von Hüpfburg,"An excellent game. Winning is extremely satisfying, takes careful planning and some hard moral decisions. That is, if you can get invested in the fate of beings represented by a few key numbers and some ships. It does require some imagination.However, if you can, this game feeds the fantasy of being a superhero better than any superhero game I have ever played. You and you alone can save the entire solar system from the stupidity, greed and violence that threatens to consume it and deliver those who dwell it into an era of cooperation and peace.8 exciting and diverse races and a lot of randomness in the generation of the solar system ensures that each game feels unique and exciting."
,Not Recommended,273070,30331742,Posted: 4 March,all,Mothra,"Conceptually original and interesting, but as a game, this thing is terrible. Stay away."
76561198047228822,Recommended,273070,33483227,Posted: 12 July,all,Pit,"Complicated enough, got great plot, involved twists that make your game more intense. Easy to configure to suit your playstyle and actual intention. I have enjoyed every single hour of gameplay so far. 100% thumbs up!Beware moodswings!"
76561198086782024,Recommended,273070,23779708,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,PPPPPP1100,A game which will cost you a lot of time to play through.
