user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,273350,24158070,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Ephringael,"I liked the game, still doI hope going free to play will bring in more players.  With anywhere from 50-200 players on daily, I feel going F2P was the only solution. As long as this brings in new players, I don't feel that my money has been wasted.I'll just think of it as buying a playable version of the game for all the friends I haven't met yet.You're welcome mystery friends."
,Recommended,273350,12751820,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,ACrispyTaco,"An intense game of Cat and Mouse where after enough cheese, the mouse can eat the cat."
,Not Recommended,273350,21659257,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,FIL GUD,"My dear Evolve, it's time we go our separate ways...I tried to make it work, you know I did.I dedicated a lot of time just for us.Time that maybe I should've dedicated to my wife.I mean... I don't have any. But... that's kinda my point.600+ hours.What we had wasn't casual.My friends kept asking me how could I go on with this.What they couldn't understand is that, although it wasalways hard to make things work between us, whenthey worked, it was something very special.I'm not rich, but still I bought new dresses for yourmonsters, new make-up for your weapons, tookeverything to Elite status...Including Kala... Oh, yes... including Kala.But even after the holidays, after that magical wintertime, when we met new people, even after that, yourplayerbase is still growing cold, your followers so fewand far between, the lag is bringing me down, baby.Our monsters keep freezing, the hunters teleporting,and the wait...Oh, baby, the wait...Almost two hours just to get a single Hunt matchas the monster? I can't take this anymore.I could keep dreaming of the daywhen people won't have to pay so much to be with us.But we both know that this will never happen.I held on for as long as I could, darling. But it's over.I hold no regrets. At least we tried.Deep down, I'll always love you.Ps: I wrote down a song for you. It goes like this:♫ Feelin' that it's goneCan't change your mindIf we can't go onTo survive the tideLove divides ♫♫ Someday love will find youBreak those (2K) chains that bind youOne night will remind youHow we touchedAnd went our separate ways ♫I think I'm gonna call it ""Separate Ways""or ""Worlds Apart"".Haven't decided yet."
,Not Recommended,273350,14412286,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,COLONEL FEUERBUSCH,After asking for 100€ up front the game went free to play after a year and a halfhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vTSmFqrj4L8-Would not ride into battle
,Not Recommended,273350,19849116,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Serostasis,"Alright, what can I say about this game that hasn't been mentioned already?If you're like me, you ignored all of the negative reviews of this game because the core concept of the gameplay just seemed so irresistibly unique and interesting. If you're like me, and you're willing to ignore ALL OF THE OTHER PROBLEMS OF THIS GAME, just because the potential of the gameplay intrigues you, then let me talk to you a little bit about the gameplay that you may be oogling over right now.--Simply put: it's not as fun as it may look. It's not very strategic. Very quickly it becomes highly one-dimensional, formulaic, and repetitive.--There's only one ""balanced"" gameplay mode, and that's HUNT. There is essentially no single-player.--""Hunt,"" unless you take it to a competitive level--GETS OLD FAST.--Want to take your game to a competitive level, and you don't have three other friends IRL who also play the game? GOOD LUCK WITH THAT.--And, if by some miraculous chance you do manage to find three internet strangers that are also skilled, friendly, and willing to take the game to that competitive level with you, I must ask: HOW LONG IS THAT ONE GAME MODE GOING TO REMAIN FUN FOR YOU? I can tell you from personal experience that even if you do manage to get to that level, IT STILL GETS OLD FAST.In a nutshell, that's the breakdown of the GAMEPLAY of Evolve--which is probably the only reason you're eyeing this game right now, after all. Now I'll get into the specifics of the game a bit more:______________________GAMEPLAY: There's no ""cat and mouse"" strategic warfare going on here--90% of the time you are running as fast as you can toward the monster; and oh, that 10% of the time where you're actually ""hunting"" the monster? You're hunting a wraith, and it's tedious--it's not fun.When you're not running toward the monster, you are battling in a dome. Against a good monster, this will require incredible coordination and positioning between the hunters, which you, as a random solo-queue pubber, WILL NOT HAVE, AND GOOD LUCK FINDING OTHER SKILLED, FRIENDLY PEOPLE TO PLAY WITH. I'll talk about that a bit more later.DLC: Just disgusting, disgusting. I'm not even going to talk about this, it's been beaten to death by everyone already, and rightly so. It makes me sick. 2K should be embarrassed. And now that the game has been priced down to $13 or $15 from the $60 I paid at release? F U 2K. That is all I can say. It's a SLAP IN THE FACE TO THOSE WHO PAID THE $60 WHEN IT FIRST CAME OUT.CONTENT:  There's only one viable game mode. I've talked about this already. It gets old FAST.""BALANCE"": This issue is notorious for Evolve. Personally, I think that the ""top-down"" method of balancing that TR has instituted is in fact appropriate; balancing is addressed from the perspective of highly skilled players, and that is how it should be.The last time TR adjusted balancing based on the perspective of random, solo-queue, no-talent pubbers, we were seeing such atrocious trash as 45 second dome cooldowns, absurdly OP hunter compositions, and a meta-game that WILDLY favored the hunters in competitive play.The game is NOW closer to being balanced at higher levels of play, but due to the basic core concepts of the game--which are just not interesting or strategic enough, imo--Evolve will never be truly balanced.MATCH-MAKING: Just awful. To me this has been the reason why I've finally had to turn away from this game, as much as I wanted to like it. Hunt 2.0 came far too late, and we need more statistics that determine a player's skill level than just a pathetic W/L rate.I've told you in the section above that it's imperative to find friendly, communicative, skilled players to queue with. That is hard, and it takes a lot of time. It took me months to build a friends list of decent players and by that time most of those players were leaving Evolve anyway.Personally, I have high standards when it comes to finding players that I enjoy gaming with--maybe it will be easier for you, I'm not sure. But I can't tell you how many players I've queued with that just relentlessly complain about the ""balance"" of the game, rather than taking a long cold look in the mirror and admitting that they are unskilled.Stop blaming the balance of the game, accurately assess your own skill level, what you could improve upon, and then find better players to queue with. It's that simple.Evolve has been such a colossal waste of potential. Ignore this game at any price--it's more frustration than it's worth. If you buy this game you are letting 2K essentially get away with fraud.TL;DR: REPETITIVE GAMEPLAY AND LACK OF CONTENT MAKE FOR AN EXPERIENCE THAT IS HARDLY WORTH $10, LET ALONE THE $60 THAT I PAID FOR IT."
76561197971478514,Recommended,273350,12780991,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Morrik,"I've removed my previous review because it is no longer valid.  I reviewed the game with Monster Edition purchased and shortly before the game was launched with beta then afterwards.  I put about 50 hours into the Stage 1 game and then another 40 odd hours into Stage 2.  To put it bluntly, TRS has done an amazing job of a F2P port.  See below.The game costs nothign.  Literally nothing as of 8/6/16.  You can download the game and play for ABSOLUTELY free.  There are no strings attached.  You get to play the hunters and monster in rotation, but it's still FREE.  Not one cent you have to pay for anything.  This is a huge draw to the new player whom wants to get their feet wet in this glorious game.  Yes, I said glorious because the game is such.  It's something you don't see very often and other companies are now copying what TRS has developed with Evolve Stage 2.Previously, the games were very much slower.  When I say slower, I mean upwards of around 15 to 30 minutes per match at least.  Nobody wanted to play Trapper since they were tasked with placing a dome around the monster and if the Trapper died, then the dome would be brought down.  It's very easy for the monster to focus down one specific hunter even at the cost of their armor and some of their health.  Now?  Any hunter can dome.  This major change has brought games from a 15 to 30 minute duration to a 5 to 15 minute duration and that's being very forgiving.  The games are now such a length where people (myself included) can have a vested interest in the game and keep playing round after round if time permits.Finding the monster used to be huge pain in the butt.  I'm serious about that.  It was possible for the monster to evade the hunters without ever being spoted until stage 3 when the monster is pummeling the power relay.  It's easier now since the Trapper can use satellite beacon and get a general location of the monster.  TRS has made the game possible for Hunters and Monsters to play rapidly if they choose to do so.  A 30 minute investment game only to lose is EXTREMELY frustrating and you don't feel that when losing or even winning 5 to 10 minutes into the match.The game is faster, more challenging when fighting and I absolutely love it.  If you're reading this and are on the fence about the game then give it a shot and decide for yourself.  Seriously, the game is free.  FREE, no strings attached.  Even if you don't have all the hunters or monsters and are playing 100% free then you still have a decent fighting chance.  The game is designed to give you that chance."
,Not Recommended,273350,15285243,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Zietvein,"Not even close to worth what it costs. It looks like a lot of fun going in, but your patience starts dwindling away as the monster wins every time you play online due to your teams poor organization skills. I would say this is a ""best to play with friends"" game, but who am I ever going to be able to convince to spend 70$ on a game with barely any content.Lets not even talk about all the DLC they're trying to push out too. I nearly crapped my pants laughing today when I found out that the fourth playable monster would cost me an extra 15$, on top of the 70$ I've already paid.TLDR:- Too Expensive- Not Enough Content- Imbalanced- RepetitiveSave yourself the money and go buy yourself a bunch of other, less expensive, better games."
76561198015202106,Not Recommended,273350,24169665,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Skeith,"I really enjoyed the idea of evolve when I first saw it.The idea of an extreme game of cat and mouse where the monster snuck by under the hunters radar was invigorating, the idea that a slip up could lead to a massive disadvantage or even death was amazing, and the thrill of outwitting your opponent was even better. There was a real thrill in matching wits and seeing whether the hunters could work together and tighten the net or wether the monster could slip a way, punching a hole in their formation or simply slinking away un-noticed.The hunt was intense and thrilling, a slight mistake could spell disaster for either team and could really change the pace of a match.Stage two has removed these aspects.Evolve stage two has been simplified and shrunk into a game where the monster must run full sprint to hit stage 3, there is no more cat and mouse, no more sneaking, stealth is no longer a feature.the game is now more about the skirmishes and fighting than the act of actually hunting one another.The timer is restricting as even if a monster manages to outrun the hunters and pull a perfect game, he's basically left with 3 minutes to finish the match or he loses. And with the adjustments made to the hunters (passive healing, extra sheilding, ect.) the hunters are harder than ever to kill even at stage 3. The monsters virtually garunteed to take health damage, even with a perfect execution simply because in their attempt to simplify it for new players the dev's have devalued skill.The games devolved into more of a brawl than anything else and for me personally thats dissapointing.TLDR:The game used to be about nuance, wits, and skill made a huge difference.The game is now about 4 hunters brawling it out with a monster with a little bit of chasing after in between."
,Not Recommended,273350,14435865,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,EvilBible.com,"DLC on day 1 in unforgivable, period.- DLC based cash cow.- Claims to be good competitive, but it's just a casual game.- 60$ for 2/3rds the content of a 25-30 dollar game.- Playing as hunter: Chasing simulator for the first 2-10 minutes, then it's hope PUG people understand their role.- Playing as monster: Run, Armour up, fight carefully, if failed to win, find a spot to lv up and repeat.- Wraith seems quite broken, crazy burst, super mobile, hard to track, hard to punish and has a low CD ability that creates a clone that does high damage and the real Wraith becomes invisible for quite some time.- Lazarus seems quite broken, he can rez even completely dead bodies every 10 or so seconds and do it out of stealth every 30 or so seconds and it doesn't even leave a strike. The Laz will just hide a mile away until people die then stealth in and rez them. If he used Laz device on a dead body it should add a strike, but if he uses it on someone in last stand it shouldn't IMO. Also, when he takes damage in stealth it should reveal him much longer IMO.- Daisy seems EZ mode, just follow the doggy and find the monster who's hiding. Seems to mostly negate sneak strats, the best thing to do as monster is just run.- Few things take real mechanical skill in this game. Aiming is easy because monsters are big. Playing the monster isn't as challenging as I'd hope. My only monster losses came from being forces to play it when I wanted to learn the game playing hunter and not knowing how to play Kraken, though I got forced into a losing game as Kraken for example.- I'd rather there be 2 maps than 9 or what ever the game has honestly. No map stands out, it's just more to learn and annoying.- The MM system is terrible. You set what role you prefer from most preffered to least, then when you search it trys to get your preffered roles first. I was under the impression that you would queue up for medic then get medic 100% of the time or monster etc.- The lobby system is annoying and takes too long to get a game going or finish a match. I wish it was in and out. Takes about as long as ranked in League to start a game and even more time when it ends.- Trapper can run through tunnels and♥♥♥♥♥♥spamming harpoons in front of them virtually ensuring they're impossible to catch so long as he has a good headset to know when you're trying to outplay him by cutting him off.Summary: Massively over-hyped game that's worth about 30 dollars IMO for all 3 sets of hunters/monsters, but you pay 60$ for only 2 sets and the DLC for the 3rd set is way over priced, around 25$ I think, but see for yourself.Please don't make the mistake of giving this greedy scam company money like I did."
,Not Recommended,273350,19717298,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Shadowrunner,"RIP Evolve 2015-2015.I pre-purchased this game. I was so excited about it. There was no refund policy at the time, otherwise I would've definitely asked for one. $60 for this petty amount of content? Seriously? With overpriced DLCs? 2K also lowered the base price down to $40 in August, basically screwing everyone who bought the game for $60. Now I've got 16 hours on it, so a refund wouldn't work for me. So I'm stuck with this dead overpriced game. I just launched it today, and I got two bots among my teammates. Steamcharts' numbers speak for themselves.http://steamcharts.com/app/273350I regret buying this game.Upd: It's also ♥♥♥♥♥ing broken. It's been a long match that ended with this:http://i.imgur.com/APiDjLx.jpgAnyone who defends Turtle Rock should read this:https://talk.turtlerockstudios.com/t/connection-to-host-has-timed-out/39941>February 2015>still not fixed"
,Not Recommended,273350,24197991,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,camXmile,"""Hey we didn't make enough money with our atrocious $120 pre-orders and 2 season passes, now we remove all your progress and make the game free-to-play with microtransactions, how about that?""The worst marketing ever seen in game industry combined with tedious gameplay and empty servers ruined the promising concept completely. And after the few loyal to the game learned how to get some enjoyment out of it, developers ""evolved"" to stage 2. And by ""evolved"" I mean they completely destroyed the good that was in the original. I understand why developers changed distribution model and I'm not against it. But Stage 2 is not even half as good as the original game. And Evolve wasn't good enough to begin with (hence free-to-play).Also they've deleted all achievements. This is an outrage! How was that necessary? Removing the price tag was too simple for them? Or making a separate free-to-play product? We need to do something before this thing gets to stage 3."
,Not Recommended,273350,15346312,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Kvort the Duck [DG],"I wanted to like this game. I wanted to like it so much that I spent 80 bucks on it. A month after release, nobody's playing it, and especially nobody's playing Monster. The game is so difficult to balance that they can't do it. And why would they, when everyone who will pay for the game already has.They've released the new characters, and they're completely overpowering. They'll fix it eventually but the disparity is too broad - either they make it easy enough for the monster to hide, in which case the monster crushes the hunters, or the other way around. There's just too much to balance and not enough people playing.I wish people would play and justify the money that I spent on this game, but it's never going to happen. Don't buy Evolve."
76561198145639933,Not Recommended,273350,33526789,Posted: 13 July,all,Hank The Tank,"Why I loved Evolve pre-Stage 2-Bought the game when it came out, great concept. Had a lot of bugs initially, some balance issues, but I was having so much fun in the game even being demolished by the monster was really fun tbh. I started playing more and more, until I like to think I was quite good at the game. Played Hank mostly of course.There were bugs, there was some debate on dlc and skins, but frankly the game was so much fun for me that I played it regardless. Recently, I'm not that annoyed they made a game I paid 60 bucks for free to play. In fact, I was excited that there would be more players online.Game was fresh, looked amazing, but most importantly it had lots of butt clenching moments that kept the game interesting.Those tense moments, for me at least, often happened when I was stealthed, either playing monster or support, or lazarus.Why I don't like Stage 2-Getting rid of stealth(for the most part) by adding the global BS revealing ability for the hunters as well as getting rid of most stealth for hunters, ruined the fun for me on the hunter and monster side. I understand stealth was frustrating to new players, that they felt like they were just wandering in circles until the stage 3 monster finally showed up and demolished them, but frankly thats because they don't understand proper teamwork and positioning in Evolve.Making the game more braindead and less frustrating to bad players might make the game fun for new players, but at least for myself it ruined the gameplay significantly.Some fun things that would happen with old stealth mechanics that are impossible now:-working with your trapper, if you know where the monster is and its close enough, you could stealth the trapper, and fly in together and surprise dome the monster.-about to die, pop stealth, try and not use your jetpack(monster can see flare while youre using it), and very, very, carefully walk around the monster as he is swinging around trying to find you.-medic is about to die, swoop in, stealth, and try and stay next to them while the monster frantically searches for you both.-entire team dies, you stealth and try to get away and survive for however longwhile the monster is trying to find you.On the monster side, in general, monsters find it less worthwhile to be as stealthy and ambush hunters.Also, trapper as a class is lacking now as anyone can dome.Overall, getting rid of stealth abilities and adding the global scan made the game more stale, less tense, more braindead in my opinion."
76561198093785343,Not Recommended,273350,14740496,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Beefartist989,"I really wanted to like this game, and at times I have a great deal. Sadly over-all I can't recommend the frustration I've experienced from this game to anyone else.This is not going to be one of those reviews that bashes the game because of it's dlc policy. Abusive or not we're here to talk about the game as is and frankly there is plenty of diverse content to enjoy in this game. There are four character classes; Assault , Medic , Trapper, and Support and there's also the Monster class. Each of those classes have three different characters to enjoy it with. There's a medic who uses a TF 2 med gun to heal you but then there's also Lazerus who's best time to heal a character is actually after they are already down or dead. There are assault characters who are best up close and personal and assaulters who do their best damage at a distance. There are 15 characters in all to unlock and each one plays utterly different than the other. I can actually applaud the varietyI can also praise matches that go perfectly. There are times where you are the exact class you want for an entire Evacuation match (which is really 5 mini-matches rolled into one big instance) with a great team against a skilled monster. When it comes together Evolve is a lot of fun.BUT Evolve doesn't come together all that often. The only way to start playing is to just enlist into a massive pool of random players and hope the game puts you into a match of your preference. You rate the classes on a scale of 1-5 which measures how much you want to play a give class. When you pick you preferences the game even promises to try and give you your top picks as often as possible. Total and utter bold faced lie:I usually have the monster rated 5th in last. He or she (yes there are female monsters) plays just fine and is balanced enough as long as you're pretty crafty. After a long day at work where I have customers ganging up on me day and night I don't want to play a game in which a group of 4 does their best to gang up on me. That is my number one preference and I have felt it ignored at every chance it could. I've spent ten straight minutes joining and rejoining matches in the hopes that I wouldn't be thrown into a monster roll or a dead hunter and have quit without even playing a match. There is no way to indicate that you want to start on Day 1 and that you are willing to wait for a party as long as you get the position you want. Yes it's annoying watching impatient players come and go, but I'd rather do that than join a match as a level 1 Wraith already domed and down to half health.There's a way to play Evolve strictly Co-op (the monster is AI controlled at all times) and this has sadly become my only option. The monster AI is good but also lacking in everything you want it to have. You want the monster to be like a Predator from the movies; giving you a mighty good chase only to lead you into a tunnel where you are BBQed by the crafty monster as he chargers threw your party like a bowling ball (I won once using this strategy). Sadly the AI doesn't have that resourcefulness and most matches are just you following the monster from feed sight to feed sight getting in a shot here or there till it reaches level 3.What brought this review on was a repeating glitch I've been suffering from in Co-Op where I've finally said enough is enough. As stated before Evacuation matches go on for 5 days and saves the best XP and accolades for the end of the 5th day. I've been suffering from a glitch that for some reason ejects me from matches stating ""I am not signed into a profile so I'm not allowed to play"" despite the fact that I'm on Day 3 already. I am thusly ejected from the match and miss out on the XP I deserve and since there is utterly no way to have any say about which match you join you've practically just wasted your time.These problems can easily be fixed with a few patches and I am genuinely intrigued as to how this game will grow. Depending on who wins a day (the monster of the hunters) the game will introduce a pro-winner perk that'll change the game. The hunters can get AI buddies to follow you around or portals to transport you around the level while the monster will get increased wild life, more aggresive wildlife toward humans, ecetera. The perks sadly go away at the end of the match; I can't help but feel the loss of depth. Imagine if they carried over through-out the campaign? There could be massive amounts of angry wildlife, which are bombarded with a space laser that the humans saved. They need to expand Evacuation, possibly into an intergalatic monster war (there is a terraformed moon revolving around the planet so I'm assuming we'll get up there at some point.I'm sorry for the massive length I only wanted to get every thought out and I thank you for reading if for some reason you did. I do like this game and I had some fun with it but in it's current state or at it's current price I can't recommend this game"
,Not Recommended,273350,23012711,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,[IHC] Yenski,"GREAT game... but no players.  ""Why"" you may ask?  Simple.  The developers decided to charge for EVERYTHING.  This seriously had the gameplay to go places, but with a horrible payment model, the player base shrank until it could no longer be seen."
,Not Recommended,273350,14436866,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,TheWackyWombat,"------------- Update 2016 Jul 12 ------------Came back to see if the game had improved with the FTP.... It has not. The game didnt' have much to it before, and most of the things that made it unique and occationally entertaining have been removed or dulled signifigantly. The game has gone from a series of hunts, which were occcationally tricky, to a rather dull multi stage fps.My main problem with the game originally was that when you knew where the monster was, it was usually a extended game of follow the leader with the hunters trying to catch the faster monster. That hasn't changed, all they've done is remove the interconnected missions and the need to actually find the monster.Can't believe I'm saying this, but the game's actually less fun than before. Devs really should have spent more time trying to make the core mechanics better than rushing this into FTP------------- Update 2015 Mar 26 ------------With the new hunters coming in I wanted to see if the updates since launch had improved the game play at all. Sadly, they have not.The game still feels like an extended game of tag where the hunters try to catch a monster, then immediately switch roles and try to avoid the monster or face getting chain stunned to death. It never feels like your hunting the monster, tracks and sign are easy for anyone to follow, most of the game is spent chasing the much faster monsters. There is the occasional chance to cut off a monster, but experienced players minimize these opportunities.The thing I find most frustrating is that it NEVER feels like there's a balance, and the devs really don't know how to fix it. In the latest patch one of the characters I enjoyed playing, Cabot, received around a 50% nerf to his damage. He may have been slightly overpowered before, but a nerf that large screams lack of pre-testing or extreme over-reaction.As much as I want to enjoy Evolve, I just find it an exercise in frustration. I've only been able to stand for a game or two during events, in order to unlock the rewards, before I want to play something else.Still wish I passed on it at this point.------------- Original Review -------------I was looking forward to playing Evolve last night but was seriously frustrated by a lot of the functionality in game.You cannot skip the initial tutorial, or any video. The character's are all introduced this way but their skills are simple for the most part, and could be introduced by a static graphic. Instead every player needs to sit around for 2 minutes while these videos play. I was so frustrated at one point I actually ALT-F4'd out of the game in frustration just so I could skip one of the lengthy videos.In addition, you need to score your 'Favored' classes, there's no option to NOT play a class. I had no desire to play the monster or assault last night, but was stuck with them on multiple occasions. This included being selected for the monster in back to back games in a campaign, which caused me to drop out in frustration.Evolve has been compared to L4D's asymmetric gameplay, but it's a poor comparison. L4D built tension with tight areas, harassed the survivors with NPCs, and provided the Infected interesting ways to disrupt. There's no tension here, the neutral mobs only exist to provide a temporary buffs, food for the monster, or a minor annoyance.I think the most frustrating part is there's very little incentive for the monster to engage until it's ready. This might be interesting gameplay for the monster, but it means that all the hunters are doing is trying to catch up/cut off the monster for 1-2 big fights. That means in a 10 minute game all the hunters are doing for 7-8 minutes is running around the map.I can't say the fights are particularly engaging either. Most of the monster attacks cause a fair amount of knockback, and most of the CC/Deployables the hunters have can be instantly broken by a basic attack. As a result, all the hunters are doing is trying to avoid drawing the monsters attention, with the primary target being thrown around and CC'd to death with very little chance of evading.The game may grow on me, but it wasn't worth the cost IMO.** Note ** The problem most people have is with the amount of DLC. Although I didn't have a problem when they announced the packages, since they were being upfront, I WAS disappointed to see a truck load of day 1 pay DLC not included. I stopped buying games from EA because of their practice of launching day 1, and microtransaction, DLC on full games. I will no longer be supporting 2K games after this."
,Not Recommended,273350,14470118,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Aire,"Firstly, let me start by stating : I love the game. The design is great, the characters are fun and interesting and the game modes are entertaining and challenging - albeit some could do with a bit of tweaking. The gameplay is great.The packaging however is truly godawful. Even without mentioning the horrific balls up that is the DLC, everything around the game is shoddy and desperate.Unskipable FMVs. I thought we were past this kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that forced everyone to delete the file in their install directory.Matchmaking. Please, my god, don't match on experience. It means nothing if I can grind XP in solo matches but am actually useless in a game against human players. I won't even talk about the being unable to actually pick the class you want, or the fact there's barely any penalty for leaving an inprogress game. You know those people who haven't lost a game? Its because they leave if they're losing... which brings me on toCompetition. Ranking boards that rank on WINS? So if I grind enough, i'll be top, even if i'm truly godawful? Fantastic. You can compete with your friends to see how many games you play. Any form of serious ranking would be a godsend - even just an automatic loss for quitting an improgress game.Game Finding. No, I don't want to join a game as the monster where he's 2 bars from death and stuck in an arena. No I don't want to join a game where i'm in a team of complete AI against a human. That's what solo is for.Game Choice. I fancy a nice Nest game. Oh no, sorry, you have to play a full 5 round game to have a good shot of getting one of those games. But its ok, your team mates will probably leave if you lose a round. So it's back to solo.DLC - because obligatory corporate moneygrabbing is what all the cool kids are doing.tl;dr - great gameplay,♥♥♥♥♥♥wrapping, even ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ publishing. Unless they do some serious reworking, I wouldn't recommend it."
,Recommended,273350,26564541,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,WaiT4Wayd3,"Heartbroken by the decision of 2k to stop production of the game.The game had great potential, the concept of 4 hunters (Trapper, Medic, Assault, Support) each with a different role and each with unique abilities trying to hunt a monster before it gets too strong to kill. A monster that is weak in the beginning having to hunt & consume wildlife to Evolve and grow stronger, strong enough to destroy a generator defended by the hunters or kill all of the hunters before the time runs out.I bought the game before it was free to play, and I still think it's worth every cent... But...The decision of 2k to fire TurtleRock Studios effectively shutting down production of the game left me genuinely devastated, I first heard this news from the YouTuber Grizzlemarine, and he was quite upset, and I get that. Even going as far as to create a petition to try and get the game to be available in console. When you follow a game from the beginning, watching how much the game grew and how the awesome developers were at constantly fixing bugs and introducing new characters and monsters, just to have it suddenly end like this...it just doesn't seem right, the devs' were awesome at their jobs and its just really unfair for them.I'm sure the true fans of evolve will still come back to this game, but we all know it won't be the same.R.i.P Evolve"
,Not Recommended,273350,14413395,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Casual,just not worth the price maybe 25/30
76561198086591374,Not Recommended,273350,30623280,Posted: 19 March,all,-GalacticDesu-,"All of the original maps, weather effects, and perks have been gone for a long time and will probably be for the forseeable future. Every now and then I launch this game in hopes it may have returned to what it used to be. The community destroyed this game and TRS allowed it to happen by catering to every single complaint out there. There's a handful of maps and one weather effect (clear weather, oh boy!)This will never be as good as it was when it came out. It's an abandoned disappointment."
76561198033226198,Not Recommended,273350,22731925,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Geenaidyre,"Evolve... I don't even know where to start.Well let's start at the beginning.I started playing when the game was in Beta, I was so hyped for this game I did not play anything else, showed it off to everyone because it simply was awesome.And it still, don't get me wrong but the game has changed over the time, in a way that it broke my heart.First off, the game died fairly fast you really noticed how it took longer and longer to get a game...So lets get to my usualy Review Form...POSITIVE:- The graphics are good, the perfomance is alright- This game is a very strategic game, even though it is 4vs1 you need to stay coordinated- There are lots of maps, and Neutral monster which can change the end of the gameNEGATIVE:- The Devs do not care about anything happening in this game, reports (Players or Bugs), Balancing issues or even plain communication- As already mentioned the game is pretty dead- There are a lot of buggs in this game- There is a low supply on content in this game (and when there is you need to pay for itMICROTRANSACTIONS- do not get me started... there are a lot of new characters which all cost around 5$? maybe? which is unreasonably overpriced for a game that costed 60$...I really tried my best here, I have put quite some time in the Beta, and in this game, I never stopped coming back hoping for the day where everything will be good again...This day apparently never came...If the game would not be as dead as it is, i would recommend it to new players, but since this is not the case you will just waste your money here.CONCLUSION:I can only agree to the other reviews, saying that game WAS nice, but it went down on quality drasticly..The game had an uniqe aspect, there were not many games like this out, and it was something new something that a lot of people loved... But the devs decided to ruin thatDo not buy this game.. it's not worth it....anymore....."
,Not Recommended,273350,14413193,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,DFCHarem,"Game is great, solid gameplay, good graphics, amazing ambience, highly addicting, and a top tier strategic team based game for the hunters that is. Evolve can be an amazing game except for the fact its payment model which will be the inevitable downfall of this game. Also the amount of content for the price is not exactly what I consider a good deal rather the polar opposite of that. Save your money for now unless the Devs fix their ""DLC"" model.Also this is what you get for paying the minimal amount for the base game.>12 maps>3 monsters>12 Hunters>4 game modes Rescue, Defend, Hunt, or Nest. (Evac is just a combination of those 4 modes not a new game mode)>ingame cash shopTo me this is not much content for a game priced at 60$ minimum on steam."
76561198103617164,Not Recommended,273350,28133565,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,The Raid Man,The game that broke my heart. Twice.
,Not Recommended,273350,14440007,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Death By Zubat,"Everyone says the price isn’t worth the game...and they are right, the amount of features you get for the large price tag for just the basic game is ridiculousness then add on that the extra $ for the DLC. This game should be either a 50$ tops or a free to play game.However the price of the game does not define if its good or not.....as much as I would love to say everyone come buy this game they really shouldn’t, here is why:~ GUI bug's: while these are not game breaking it is a royal pain in the♥♥♥♥♥as you will face having a mouse cursor while you run around as a hunter and no mouse at all when you are in menus making it hard to change classes and perks.~Monsters: Although it is clear that Monsters are supposed to be powerful, the biggest issue is that two of them (Wraith and Kraken) have such an easy time running away from the hunters so that they can ignore stealth almost altogether in favour of simply running away so unless your trapper is A class and you have a team with great teamwork (In a public game what are the chances of that?)  You simply wont catch them or catch them long enough until they are rank3 and have no issue taking out your party~Humans: A couple of hunters have issues that should have been picked up in Beta but for some reason they got ignoredfor example Cabot (main character I play) his rail gun is supposed to shoot through walls to hit the monster yet what they dont say is that it only seems to work if the monster is pressed up against the wall you are shooting into, not only that but for a rail gun you would assume that the weapon would have no range limitations however it seems that it does making it frustrating. Hyde for some reason was given a  grenade that is supposed to cause a puff of toxic smoke to hurt the monster if it stays in place not only does it do such a little amount of damage its a pain to rank up, other plays will hate you for it because the visibility issues it gives the other hunters makes it more of a disadvantage then advantage (There are more but I am trying to save on boring anyone kind enough to read this).Long and the short of it...this game would be good fun with a group of friends playing with Mic's having a few beers making it worth the bugs and the oddities with the game but in random public games it just isn’t worth your time or your money until they fix what they should have fixed in the Beta."
,Not Recommended,273350,23331775,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,chickenlegking,Yeah 100 dollars for DLC totally make sense.
76561198034607058,Not Recommended,273350,21825254,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,[RSE] Big Memer,"Evolve is a disappointment, and I don't say that because the game is a catastrophe, quite the opposite, the game is a disappointment because so much effort was put into making a game that could be so much better; I'm writing this review a little more than a month into 2016 and the community was on life support well over 6 months ago. I'm going to start off with what's great about the game:-It's easy to learn, but there's room for mastery. This has its costs and benefits, the obvious benefit is that the game is accessible to newer players, but this isn't to disparage other games with massive skill curves, initial hurdles like that can allow for beautifully complex gameplay, but thankfully Evolve doesn't shoehorn in complexity where none is necessary or enjoyable. The monster and hunters each have a short set of weapons that fulfill unique roles, instead of a multitude of tools that are largely redundant, instead of trying to learn a massive list of rock-papers-scissors you just need to figure out how to appropriately use the tools you have.-It's got variety. People take this for granted, but the developers actually did a great job of varying the abilities of monsters, the weapons and aesthetics of hunters, and so on. People don't complain about every hunter being the same, or having the same kind of weapon, or every monster having the exact same abilities, but you can bet they would (and rightfully so) if the devs had neglected this aspect of the game.-Maps, and this goes back to the previous point to some extent, Evolve actually has quite a few maps- enough that you'll get tired of the gameplay before you ever get tired of the setpieceforthat gameplay.-It looks pretty good, graphics aren't a dealbreaker but I can appreciate the immense effort that went into modelling, texturing, etc. to make this game look good without requiring a super computer to run it. Just from examining the environment, equipment, wildlife, hunters, or monsters, you won't conclude that the devs cut corners, no, to reach that conclusion you'll have to actually play the game.So, why is the game a disappointment? Two reasons: balance and community. The latter problem, the community, is not technically a problem with the game itself, but this is a multiplayer game and matchmaking can take quite some time, so I hope you've got something to do while the game looks for a match (especially if you prefer to play monster.) Balance, what's wrong with balance? Well, all of the maps are understandably somewhat small, if they were significantly larger it would essentially mean that if a monster broke line of sight long enough it'd be able to escape the hunters for the whole round, some maps however are extremely small (Broken Hill Foundry) and are nearly unwinnable for the monster- if you take Wraith whose whole build is predicated on stealth and you get stuck in a♥♥♥♥♥♥map like that you are screwed, sure, there's some difficult choke points for the hunters, but that doesn't really matter if you're a level 1 Wraith with no survivability and unimpressive damage dealing abilities. When I played about a year ago (less than that, but not by much) the semi-competent monsters would usually stomp pubs, but any competent team of hunters would win the vast majority of games against even competent monsters. At this point, it seems like any team of pubs can just stomp the monster, at least the Wraith at this point which has been nerfed quite significantly since I last played. This is ridiculous considering the fact that competent hunters were already favored in a head to head match, because if they used their abilities like sound spikes and sending track darts into prey the monster will likely eat there's no chance the monster can sneak around until they get to max strength like I sometimes used to get away with. Maybe the players are much better now (certainly doesn't seem that way,) but I think monsters have been nerfed into the ground, the basic reasoning by the devs being that it's better to have 4 medicore players hunting the monster leave satisfied than to have 1 competent monster beat out 4 mediocre hunters who can't work together. I think the problem with the devs attempts at balancing is they base their attempts at balancing off of win rates and statistics, but not from actually watching gameplay. If competent hunters beat competent monsters 80% of the time, this would suggest to me that the game is unbalanced (hypothetically.) If comptent monsters beat incompetent teams of hunters 80% of the time, this suggests to me the obvious fact that when you have two equally powerful machines (a monster/vs a 4 man team of hunters) and the latter ""machine"" (hunters) has 4 ""moving parts"" (players) that can fail, it stands to reason thatif the game is actually balanced, the monster should win the majority of the timebecause it's far more likely that one of the ""moving parts"" is faulty in the hunter's team- yet, the devs aim towards a 50% win rate, which means they're aiming towards having monsters lose 50% of the time to a team of hunters which is 4 times more likely to contain an incompetent player- the target they consider balance will be biased against the monster because they fail to recognize that a fair match between 1 monster and 4 hunters should naturally favor the 1 monster- a monster doesn't need to worry about communicating with teammates or relying on them for success. Balancing the game off of win rates and shooting for 50% win rates will lead towards a bias against the monster, random teams of hunters that don't coordinateshould nothave a good chance against a competent monster. Imagine that in online chess one side consisted of one player, the other of four players who were not allowed to communicate at all- the one player is naturally going to be favored; now instead imagine that the four players have the option of communicating by microphone if they plan in advance, even then there's a good chance one of the four players will screw it up, meaning that although the game is balanced the single player will win more often; this line of thinking apparently has not crossed the minds of the developers, or they simply do not care to examine extensive amounts of gameplay at various skill levels to get a view of game balance that is more grounded in reality.I wouldn't recommend this game unless you have 5 seriously interested friends with VERY consistent schedules, otherwise this will (almost certainly) be a waste of money, especially this late into the game's life."
,Not Recommended,273350,14413905,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Dr. Amazapan,MAJOR FPS drops. Play one game with a solid 45 fps then the next thing I know it drops to 6-9 fps. Can't recommend until this bug is fixed.
76561198086125734,Recommended,273350,29709036,Posted: 4 February,all,General Winter,"i wish this game didn't have to die, thats all im going to sayRIP evovle 2015-2016, it hasn't even got its 2nd birthday and its already dead, ♥♥♥♥ 2K for killing a game with so much potienal"
,Recommended,273350,34633608,Posted: 31 August,all,Varjo-Jake,I found a new best friend...and then it died.
76561198072898431,Not Recommended,273350,29453904,Posted: 23 January,all,Negão da Válvula™,"A sad tale of a great game:Started out as a great concept, good gameplay, good graphics and lots of potential.Ended up a mess, tried to claw its way back by going free to play, failed, publisher shut the devs out in the rain, game died..."
,Not Recommended,273350,14554483,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Fluff-Kevlar,"I want to like this game, I really do. I even originally thought I would write ""recommended"", but I can't. DLC aside, there just isn't enough content, consistent video driver errors and crashes that reset your progress from that round, mouse cursor issues and large sections of the character progression where you just are grinding for slightly better bonuses. You'd have to really like the base game to go through all that, and there isn't much variety of game modes or maps to do so with. More content and a patch or two could really fix this game, it's otherwise pretty, unique, balanced and fun at times... just the lack of content and stability make me say it's currently not worth the price.Let it be said the ""different skins"", both earnable in-game AND the DLC ones are terrible. They're just slightly different weapon/skin colours."
,Not Recommended,273350,14431507,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,HJSWolfy,"Game was playing completely fine and was really enjoyably for the first few hours.But halfway through the evacuation campaign mode, map textures dissapeared and was causing me to fall through the world and die.. I restarted the game in an attempt to reload them but as i was doing so someone else was able to join and took a great game away from me and my friends.If you really want this game I recommend waiting until a sale comes around and this game is purchasable for no more than £10. it's really not worth as a much as say, full priced Arma3 with all currently availiable DLC's.If you played the the last beta for this, do not expect anything more than what was in that beta, it is exactly the same thing.Hopefully the game gets expanded and new maps and charecters are added in (in an update for free, not another ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t DLC) and game breaking bugs are fixed very soon, as well as pricing being dropped, £10 for one extra monster is a load of crap.."
76561197986484116,Not Recommended,273350,34859173,Posted: 10 September,all,maksio5,"Well, what can I say....the game used to be lots of fun 'back in the old days', only for everything that I enjoyed about it to get wrecked after the big update when they went 'stage 2' and F2P.Originally, the 'hunters' had to actually hunt for the 'monster', which allowed for cat-and-mouse game. Most of people who chose the 'monster' didn't realize that 'hey, I have to be stealthy before I grow', which lead to them making a lot of noise, practically spamming the 'hunters' map with location markers to chase after not to mention all the footprints. But if you had a player who knew what he was doing, he'd be able to literally sneak right past them, having them running around entire map clueless as to where he was. And -that- is what I loved in the game. The thrill of actual hunt, leaving behind fake footprints, leading them into completely wrong directions only to duck and sneak right between them. Eventually evolving, and growing from prey to predator, or even picking them off one at a time if they separated.After Stage 2 all that was stripped. Sure, the 'moster' got boosted and made able to kill entire hunter team in weakest stage of evolution, but all that was there to make it a hunt got stripped. Respawn timers on hunters decreased to practically none, a 'Monster is this way' skill they could just pop at any time with not long enough reuse delay. From a stealthy/hunting game they turned it into a 'RUNRUNRUNRUN WAAAAGH BASHY BASH'.Could I recommend it? That's hard to tell. I wouldn't recommend the Stage 2 version. If you can get people to play with on the 'Legacy' version, then certainly, yes go for it! Alas, it just doesn't seem like anyone plays it anymore."
76561197968768348,Not Recommended,273350,14473285,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Renown,"My biggest regret is that I purchased this game.This game is enjoyable with good friends, or good players. Very frequently you get people that don't know how to chase the monster in Hunt, the most common mode.It sucks to be the monster if you are like me, and are sociable.The content in game is EXTREMELY limits. Their 'variations' are.... really just a laughing stock.The base idea is entertaining, and I suggest you get it at some point in the future. I would not pay what I did for this."
76561197972655851,Not Recommended,273350,14414551,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Blue Mango,"A great game, lots of fun. I really enjoy the teamwork and playing as the monster gets your heart pounding as you carefully plan your attack or just go barging in. The graphics are great, the maps are well though out... it's a truly good game.So why do you not recommend it you ask.Well, the reason that I don't recommend buying it is because you are not buying a full game for £34.99, oh no! you are buying a piece of the game for that price and if you want to play the full game you are forced to buy it piece by piece as DLC. That really makes me angry, if you want the full game you will have to fork out a ridiculous £58.99 and then have the honour of buying 'skins' to add insult to injury. I had faith in the developers so preordered the game so I got some extras, since the release though and the overly priced dlc packages I wish I hadn't. Just plain GREED!"
,Not Recommended,273350,14413361,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,まんこDESTROYER,"Before I get any flack for the negative rating, let me just say that this is my personal experience and my opinion as of right now. It could change to positive depending on if the issues are fixed or not.Right now, it seems the optimization for this game is beyond decent. No matter what settings I use, you get the same 25-45 FPS in game. The FPS issues are not unique to me, I am not sure why this is.There is also a bug that makes you spawn outside or under the map at times.Until the game is better optimized and has some of the issues and bugs ironed out, I can't recommend this right now. Totally unplayable in my experience. However, if you are someone who can handle frames below 60 or you're one of the lucky people who are somehow able to run this game at 60FPS and above, then be my guest."
,Not Recommended,273350,14440646,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Lenin,"There are two positive things worth saying about this otherwise atrocious game. First, it has potential. Second, there are moments when it is very fun and exciting.Nevertheless do not buy this game. It is not worth $60, as there is almost no content, and after a few rounds its overly repetitive. Moreover, the little content that is included is extremely buggy. For instance, several of my friends had their sound cutting on and off during combat. Randomly your mouse cursor will appear on the screen, which is not in line with your centered cross hairs, making aiming and navigation confusing and difficult. There are at least a half dozen loading screens before a game starts, many of which just seem superfluous and unnecessary. Oftentimes one player will get stuck between loading screens while everyone else moves onto the next one, requiring you to either abort the player or restart the game. Randomly a friend will get booted from a game, when their internet service is working fine. Overall, this is an unfinished game, that should not have been released. But even if it WAS finished, it does not contain $60 worth of content at all. Not to mention there is $130 worth of DLC, which should be included in the game as is, since the game itself is not complete, functioning well, nor does it contain close to $60 worth of stuff. Overall, total scam and rip off. Don't buy it. I would return it if I could."
,Not Recommended,273350,14431010,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Mop,"This game is fun, but it is NOT worth the price you pay for it."
,Recommended,273350,24160711,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Rad Dad,"I have a somewhat low play time on this game because I never had anyone to play it with, but I've enjoyed the game through alpha, beta, and the full release time I've played and am happy to see it going free-to-play. After what it was criticized for and dying almost immediately after release on PC, I always thought that would be the perfect way to get it off the ground."
,Not Recommended,273350,14418066,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Deepeye,"Preliminary review for full release (have played Alpha before).Right now it doesn't feel like a straight up ""yes"" or ""no"" because of following reasons:First of all the good parts - game has more maps, runs much better, has more modes, more chatacters from both sides, a few new added gimmicks which compliment it and generally it feels fun and quite the sight to behold, too.The bad part - pricing. This is primarily a multiplayer game and single player is just a copy of it but with bots, a welcome way of play/practice, but it has nothing single-playerish in it story wise. And pricing for this product is bloated. Fair price would be around 30-35 €/$ (as these currencies for some reason seem to be of same value in gaming world). With season pass and some extras being 50 at the highest. Alot of vanity DLC (skins) inside the game besides the already expensive game.As I have not encountered any technical issues whatsoever, my suggestion is if you can afford it and spending this amount doesn't grind your gears - get it. If you cannot - wait for discount or look for a cheaper variant elsewhere besides Steam.As creating review requires an ""up"" or ""down"" vote, I had to go with not recommended for now since game has bad business model (being too expensive and probably even greedy).Right now I would put 7/10 due to accessibility/pricing of product."
76561198357492427,Recommended,273350,30028149,Posted: 18 February,all,Major Warrior,"The game is/was good. Not your standard ""Pick up and be instantly good."" type of game. Takes practice and learning. People can say that the game is bad or whatever but it isn't. It really isn't. 2K were a bunch of jerks and pull the carpet out from under TRS (the Developers) and forced them to stop working on the game. TRS didn't give up on the game, they kept trying and trying but people bashed the game from day one with no justifications really.It is free to play now so you might as well give it a shot and experience what little there is left of the game's player base. Spoiler, you'll probably suck and get killed and blamed for a lot of losses at first but the concept of your role in a team or how to take on a Hunter Team isn't hard if you just read the hints and the tips that the game literally throws at you.It's Free to Play, give it a shot, judge for yourself."
76561198160009964,Recommended,273350,24923037,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Plain Site,-Get onto Evolve after a few months-Start you average hunt match-Try for trapper but get monster instead-Start the game and try the old sneak tactic-Realize sneaking around is usless with the planet scanner-Decide to run in circles around the map eating along the way-Hunters catch and dome me-I kill three of them letting the support get away-Evolve to stage 2-They catch me again and i only let the support live-I follow him as he tries to run-We end up just hanging out and killing wildlife together-Other hunters drop and but i don't see them-Suddenly the timer apears with two minutes left-The support steps into a plant so i can't hit him-The other hunters are hiding so i can't fight them-I evolve to stage three-I run to the power relay-Time runs out and the hunters win10/10Won't have mercy again
76561198029504284,Not Recommended,273350,14423712,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Joroz,"Let me be perfectly honest, I absolutely had a blast playing this game in Alpha and Beta. However due to the sort of marketing. pre-order bonuses, and DLC insanity I cannot recommend this game."
76561197992970282,Not Recommended,273350,14415922,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Denny Crane,"In all honestly the video game is amazing. Guns and hunting. How American can you get? However, after having bought the most expensive version, I start the game on release, to find out there is an in game store. This store asks me to shill out MORE of my easily earned money for more content.Combined with the miscommunications about the available versions of the game, and this in game store (content that should ALREADY be included with the Monster Rance edition) shows bad business practice. No matter how good a game is, treating their customers like this makes the game unrecommended by Denny Crane."
76561198038997326,Not Recommended,273350,14440424,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Kalo,"Please, do yourself a favor and dont buy this crap. Buy it only if you want to play for a few hours and then unistall it. Dont make the same mistake as i :("
,Not Recommended,273350,15177317,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,[WP4L]Exiled,"It's hard to describe my disappointment with this game. Good game if you maybe are lucky enough to have a team of people you know in real life. Extremely unbalanced despite what every official review says. I have yet to lose a match to a monster when I have 3 human teammates, no matter the handicap on evac. I also have yet to win as the monster against 4 human controlled hunters, again despite the handicap. The maps are too small. Being the moster is boring and sadly lonely. There are a ton of little things missing that most any dev should have been able to do, 2 examples being:Can't play a custom match with only 1 friend and still chose botsExtremely hard to just quickly look at your character progression goals from any screen other than after match reportsAgain, would be an amazing party/lan game if you had enough people to fill the slots. Would also be a great game if I didn't have a life so I could build up a friend list of people I've only met online who play this game so I wouldn't have to Q alone and be the monster 99% of the time in online PvP. But unfortunately, I have to work and stuff.Lastly, I agree with everyone, the pricing for this game sucks. There isn't as much game as they try to make it sound like with their whole ""every mission is slightly different"" BS. Also, the DLC hunters that just released are crazy OP right now while the DLC Monster is not very good at all.It was a good attempt."
,Not Recommended,273350,14534998,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Kid Dabs and Perishes,"I was extremely excited about this game. I played in both of the betas, and I have to say, I was so hyped for the release. My main complaint is with the masses and the day 1 DLC etc. The biggest problem with this is that unlike other games, where you pay for skins, they are a big change. Looking at LoL for an example, you pay 5 bucks for a skin, and it completely changes how the character looks. Maybe not different particle effects, but it gives your character a fresh look. In Evolve, you pay 3$ for a ""skin"", and you get slightly different textures on a your guns, and the character models stay EXACTLY the same. The only skin you can obtain in game is the Elite skin for each individual character, which is a joke. Once you level up one character to get the elite skin, there is absolutely no incentive to play that character again unless you just enjoy playing that character. Skins being out since DAY ONE, where they are nothing special and dont deserve to be paid for and should be able to be earned in game is such a slap in the face to the player.My other complaint is more of a petty one, and this has to do with the monster choices. During the first couple days when people where still unlocking mosters, I got to experience a good variety of monsters. However, when people had the game for a few days, and got to acquire all of their unlocks, the monster picks became very easy to expect. Monsters, if they have it, will almost always play Wraith. In about 75% of the games I have played in, they have been against wraith, with Kraken being the next, and Goliath is almost never seen. I believe this is more of a blance issue than anything, but something that really makes this stand out, is that Wraiths are just NOT fun to play against. Every mechanic they have is just antifun for the hunters, and really doesnt promote hunting it down, becuase it can just escape so easily, making you want to just wait until stage 3, and bet it all on the fight at the power relay.I don't recommend this game for these two reasons: DLCDLCDLCDLCDLC, and the plague of the Wraith. I would definitely not buy this at full price and I would suggest waiting for a GotY edition."
76561198004677410,Not Recommended,273350,14433678,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,jamesalfred,"Nope. Never ever again I'm going with the hype train. This is the 1st ever game I preordered. And what happened? Constant crash everytime I played (except tutorial). Not even worth the price. Gameplay seems stale after a while (and hey, I crashed almost on every single one of them, remember?). So much for being a developer for that wonderful game, L4D."
,Recommended,273350,12759549,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Dewderson,"EDIT -http://steamcharts.com/app/273350""He's dying Jim."" A prime example of when greed kills a game. They milked the game twice for every dime they could, first with DLC, then with game breaking pay to win Abilities. RIP Evolve.Played as Jumanji replica of Van Pelt named; ""Griffin,"" jumped out of dropship, was hot on monsters trail the moment I hit the ground, shot cool wildlife while character shouted what a badass he was, Medic stepped on venus human trap and no one noticed, got eaten, huge toad monster played with Assault; then ate him, Support fought random animal instead of flying past it. Caught up to monster, monster cimbed rock face and got his face 1 inch away from mine, breathed fire, slammed me against ground and threw me at rockface fifty meters away, ♥♥♥♥♥ slapped Support and watched him fly thirty feet away. Breathed fire on me. Slammed me back into rockface when I lit him up and downed me, Monster wondered why the game wasn't over. Saw Support Cloak reviving me with a sliver of health left. Monster euthanized Hank with a boulder; cigar never left Hank's dead mouth.11/10 Should've stuck to hunting Robin Williams. (R.I.P. You fantastic F***ing actor.)Evolve is a Sci Fi shooter trying to surpass the cooperation concept of the Left 4 Dead franchise. Following a Merc-Hunter crew that chases huge monsters and underlines the ""Hunters become the hunted.""CHARACTERS/ROLES: Something that must be said, is that this game is very brutal and unforgiving for newcomers, if you are one of those competitive people who stuff video games into their life, prepare for a red forehead from facepalming and a lot of leadership and teaching (and raging), microphone is a must. Being that its a role based team of hunters, when new players pick a role that is crucial, such as Trapper or Medic, they will sabotage your game and pull you down with them. In order of importance, in MY opinion, it goes like this.Trapper > Medic > Assault > SupportTrapper is the most important because skilled monster players will avoid you like ninjas, tracking has a sharp learning curve and involves more then just chasing big blue footprints; Daisy cuts you some slack if you are new to the role and will let you contribute to the team, without actually contributing to the team; meaning if you suck and cant track a poodle. Daisy will at least revive teammates on your behalf.Medic is more than just self explanatory; Val, the tier one medic, has a crucial ability of tranqing the monster, allowing the medic to make up for a mediocre trapper. And of course is crucial to keeping the crew alive.Assault is the main damage dealer, but is more forgiving because a badass Trapper or a good Support can compensate for him.Support is the least important, but still essential to the team, aerial strikes and counteracting monster rushes on the Medic and Trapper so the team can keep up the good fight. And catching the team when they are losing makes the Support essentially a fallback role.There is some witty banter and situational shout outs which make the characters interesting and alive, you won't hunt the monster in absolute silence, tactical callouts and jokes from superb voice actors make the crew likeable. The character tier system in the game make it self explanatory that Tier 2 characters require a much better skill level to play the second character effectively, Tier 3 in comparison to Tier 2 is still easier, as the abilities are so fluid, that you can both attack and support your team.The Tier 3 characters are absolutely boss, Abe is by far my favorite character. Characters are set up in tiers of their typical teams, easily summed up withTier 1: Team Cohesion and selfless abilities. Focus of drawing out fight and countering with precise attacks. (Orbital strikes, Energy shield, Med gun, Mines, Harpoon traps)Tier 2: Survivalist and DPS abilities, synchronized attacks and harrassing the monster. (Lazarus Device, Harpoon Gun, UAV, Sentry turrets)Tier 3: 100% Combat oriented Team, 90% of abilities are intended for use during engagements and hot pursuits. (Healing grenades, Tracking Darts, Adrenaline rush, Stasis Grenades)GAMEPLAY: The maps are very big and very alive, wildlife will hunt and flee as well as feed and migrate, the game is visually stunning and very immersive. Gunplay is fun and satisfying. Good Monster players can make the Monster role seem insanely easy. Noobs will get caught by hostile wildlife and ignore you when it catches you after you free them. Noobs will also successfully trap a whole four players; all of them your teammates! Playing your role effectively will give you tense moments of action and fun, adreniboners will be common in this game, there is an obvious balancing issue that needs to be addressed with theTier 2 monster the Kraken, or ""Cthulu""Tier 3 monster the ""Wraith,"" as it can spam the decoy ability too effectively whilst taking no damage and delivering full damage to Hunters, not only that, but any HUD icon signaling the monsters whereabouts that the Trapper placed on it with Griffin or Abe is directly on the Decoy. However, the Monster is the most important player in the game being that unskilled players won't even make it fun for the Hunters.MONSTER: This needs it's own section because I can't compliment the monsters voice acting or background. I must say it is very worthwhile to go hard out into the role of monster. Stealthing isn't the only way to eliminate Hunters, rather than stealth I prefer to leave my tracks deliberately, going right through dens of hostile wildlife and jumping over rivers with Tyrants (Alien Alligators) sitting at the bottom, without a competent Medic or Trapper as I stated above, as the Monster you will absolutely stomp the Hunters. knowing how to outrun and trick the Hunters is key, at one point without even engaging them until stage 3; I killed two hunters with two Tyrants. Daisy is like a pumpil on your butt and makes Monster challenging, as she will make sure to avoid you and not plunge herself into danger to revive teammates, you will find Hunters using every strike they have after you stomp the Trapper and Medic.Val is a solid 10/10; absolutely delicous, Markov is a tough 7/10; but the vodka adds nice flavor to the meat, I am a fan of delicous dark meat Maggie with a Daisy side was a good 8/10, Hank's beard gets stuck in your teeth; 5/10.The Wraith, is an absolute badass; between it's stalking and strategic attacks, it's a serious change of pace from the Goliath, the most accurate way to sum it up is it's basically a floating ninja that teleports. My very first game as Wraith was way easier then the Goliath or the Kraken, rather then accurate ranged attacks or just rampaging through a hail of gunfire you instead trick the hunters into leaving a huge opening. I did so using a decoy while attacking the relay, my decoy went left after the lone support, the Hunters grouped up on the opposite side of the room firing at it, the Support jetpack dodged into his team, one supernova attack forcing them into the corner, and they all died at the same time. I win.8/104/10+ Characters well written with superb voice actors+ World well designed with a living environment+ Core concept of Teamwork surpasses Left 4 Dead+ Monster gameplay is tense and fun+ Satisfying gunplay and action+ PVE rewards Hunters and Monsters- Unforgiving for new players- Matchmaking system matches new players with veterans- Balancing issues- Pay to win"
,Not Recommended,273350,14503885,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Outlaw,"This game certainly isn't for everyone. I myself found Evolve rather enjoyable. The characters were well thought out and all had their own unique personalities, the monster is a ton of fun to play if you know what you're doing, and the game does offer a lot of replayability.However, I'm loosing faith in this game very quickly. After almost a week after the game's release, some major bugsstillhaven't been fixed yet (ex. the mouse still showing up on screen). On top of that, there is still no news of upcoming updates or future content other than the Behemoth.I love this game, I really do. But due to the current price of the game and the overabundance of non-existent dlc it is offering, I simply cannot recommend it. If you are interested in playing it, wait until it goes on sale or when a little more content is added."
,Not Recommended,273350,14438177,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,lmgillins,"At the moment I have nothing good to say.  First 2 games i played i glitched off of something, game gets old, they added everything that would keep it from getting old into dlc that will cost you more than the game.  I've never wanted to try and return anything back to steam but I just might try with this one."
76561198001924622,Not Recommended,273350,14474512,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Meijin Kawaguchi,"Evolve (Just the base game, not the DLC, not the season pass) is a fun game for myself. I enjoy the game modes that they  implemented into the game (Hunt, Rescue, Nest, & Defend) and then Evacuation (combining the 4 modes into an interesting 'plot' over 5 days). The 12 hunters all have their own personality and kits/weapon loadouts making each of their gameplay different from the other (from Markov and his lightning gun to Parnell with his rapid fire shotgun). There are all sorts of playstyles mixing up the hunters. A fun game in my opinion though I do not know if I would charge $60 for a multiplayer only game (yes even the 'solo' campaign mode is the same as multiplayer, just with bots instead of other players). I felt thats the bots both fellow hunter bots and the monster bot are really well done in the game (though they can bug out occasionally). The game maps are interesting though some feel a bit simialr to others, though all in all the 12 different maps make for interesting and varying gameplay. To add onto the game, future maps and game mode will be free, making the base game amazingNow for the cons. While the game itself is fun, there are some parts of the game, or parts to be added that drag it down. The first would be the three ways of obtaining the game. A flat $60 for Evolve, the $80 delux edition, and the $100 PC Monster race all three do not include the day one DLC. Given it is JUST COSMETIC, so it isn't that big of a loss though trying to sell the season pass or the 100 dollar order without the added DLC leaves a few questions to be asked. On top of the DLC, future monsters as well as hunters will be an added cost so while the player gets new maps and modes, the new characters are locked less you pay. Given they are fun, Hunt, Rescue, Nest & Defend get stale after a while.All in all, if you can find the game with everything included (all they have to offer in one package) then jump all over it. Outside of that, either just get the game and enjoy it for what it is and try to ignore 2K trying to sell you DLC which merits the negative review"
,Not Recommended,273350,14994516,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Desorex,"Evolve is a great game, but half of the game is only available to you if you pay an extra $25 on top of the $60 you already paid. That is a terrible concept, and you're basically only paying $60 for half of the game. I would not suggest spending money on this until it is WAY cheaper."
76561197966110408,Not Recommended,273350,15177671,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,KillerBassist,I wish this was the game I thought it would be but it is not. I paid 60.$ for this game and had to force myself to play because of my investment after 50 hours im done. There really isn't enough content to justify the price tag and the DLC pay to play crap just pisses me off. It's not just skins there selling like originally reported but any new monsters or hunters.Match making is broken I almost never get the class I want and get my last choice more than 50% of the time. The maps feel very repetitive and the monsters are slugish and clumsy (I really don't care for third person perspective).
76561198313970924,Not Recommended,273350,29431753,Posted: 22 January,all,SilentRayze,Game was really good until the devs gave up . Now it´s just a ghost game.
76561198009905966,Not Recommended,273350,15528084,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Spudnut,"Played the game a good bit, and its unreasonably priced for what it has to offer. Server stability even this late after release is laughable, and records is still broken. Cannot recommend this to anyone at this price tag. The DLC scheme is another point against this title. Evolve does really bring something fresh to the table, but the lack of content and variety for a triple A title keeps Evolve from shining."
,Recommended,273350,24162189,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Thelastmushroom,"I honestly think what TurtleRock are doing is brilliant. I admit that they really messed up with the DLC and all that crap which innevitably caused the player base to decay but they have realised this problem and have possibly done one of the biggest updates I have ever seen for a game.The now free to play game has troubled alot as there are so many people that payed alot of money origninally but there are a load of special gifts waiting for us in game for being with the game from the beginning. Also to any who say this isnt enough, remember that if it wasnt for this update this game would be completely dead so I would prefer to have paid for a free to play living game than have paid for a completely dead game that I can't play."
76561198006249533,Not Recommended,273350,14438353,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Olrikus,"Another mediocre multiplayer-focused shooter that does not live up to the hype.Not worth the price, not worth the time IMO.Inconsistent frame rate, weak and uninspiring solo mode, somewhat attractive multiplayer (probably the only part of the game which is done relatively well), lack of content and all of that for astonishing sum of money. After all pre-reviews I was dumb enough to pre-order and now I regret it.UPD: 33 Gb of dissapointment. Uninstalled."
76561198149267205,Not Recommended,273350,14436242,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Smilyking,"When I first saw this game I became excited and thrilled. When I started my first game I was shaking. When I had my first encounter with the monster I became distraught. I did everything I could as a trapper to keep the beast down. Placed a perfect dome multiple harpoon traps as magie and multiple shots with the harpoon gun as Griffin. Although i succeeded with Griffin to keep a monster from jumping away. All the monster needed to do was melee the harpoon cable off (makes sense) then countinued jumping. I was reloading my harpoon and when i was ready for another shot the monster is on the other side of the map (litterally). This game is beyond one sided (in favor to the monsters). Hunters helplessly chase down monsters with no sprinting abilities and a jetback with a horrible recharge rate and jumping (do not even try to dodge a massive aoe knockback from a monster will hit you any way). In the few games I have won with hunters were lucky wins. I was lucky that the monster didnt even try to eat and fought the team at stage one (still downed two people). Won a defense game barely with generator close to being one hit away from destruction (The monster entered the lobby and said ""They need to make this mode easier"".). Do not get me started on the Wraith. Caught the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ SIX times in the fight but the ability to go invisible for the duration of the dome is beyond any logic."
76561198175609657,Not Recommended,273350,25155192,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,El machete,"After 1k hours in this game I downvote it because devs are making this game really frustrating to play, and its getting worse and worse each time they release patches"
,Not Recommended,273350,14416472,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Valentine,The Game is amazing with Friends and Solo monster can be fun...but the DLC mania is not acceptable. I down vote this game not for its gameplay but for its marketing and DLC shenanigans
,Not Recommended,273350,14439358,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,xundeadblaze,im disappointed by this game and i was loooking forward to it so much game lags alot my computer is fine play ever thing else without a problem cant choice a class its random only 2 game modes how long can you really play the smae thing over and over sad to say it is another fail even tought the concept is amazing
76561198049348545,Not Recommended,273350,15127174,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Juan de Fuca,"You'll have a blast playing the game for the first ~100hours, if not less. Once this point is reached it feels like you're playing the same game over and over.  There's little to no repeatability.The only thing that would give you some incentive to play the game is to try out the next batch of hunters and monsters but here lies to problem. If you want to play them you have to pay. 8euros per new hunter and 15euro per new monster. And that's on top of the original price.I was under the assumption, that has now proven to be completely false, that you could play the next set of hunters by ranking up the previous tier. I've held a long time to post a review for the game since I always hoped TRS would come to their senses and sort out this marketing nonsense. It appears I was wrong.Absolutely splendid marketing, way to go."
,Recommended,273350,24178768,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Dances With Wombats,"Small caveat: Right now ES2 is overrun and the servers broke to a point where playing is can be hard at peak times. The problems include being dropped from your group because ""lobby is full"" and ""no servers found to host the game"" for 10 minutes. So,meh.But it'll get better, I guess no one (not even TRS) could expect this much of an onslaught. : )Additional Note regarding F2P and Pay2Win: There are as of yet no microtransactions in the game. All characters and skins that you can carry over from the previous evolve are available to be bought by the in-game currency (the only exception is Behemoth ""Bob"" who is being reworked to fit the new style better). Getting new stuff isn't a big grind: By playing the game and leveling your player profile and characters you'll be getting the new perks as a reward. Additionally, in just two days of playing ES2 I was able togrindover 20 k of those silver K and bought a few perks and two characters skins. All that by just playing, I did not consider any special objectives. New characters are 6 to 9 k each, so it totally doable to expand your roster.Original Review below:After spending a crapload of hours on the original Evolve I stopped playing early 2016 mainly because I couldn't get any matches without waiting for more than an hour. Well, Evolve is free to play now, so at least for a little while I can easily find games which makes me excited like a squirrel on energy drinks. It was and still is my favorite game ever.TRS changed a lot of things from the game with the largest patch notes I've seen in a long time, if ever. Finally we get some of the super important bug fixes that we've been waiting for since launch. So seasoned players should have some piece of mind now, especially since TRS announced that they now have the ability to push patches every week which will make bugfixing and minor adjustments so much easier for them.All in all, the game has been made more approachable. The maps are extensively lighted and all hiding places -- like small rocks and bushes -- have been removed, so you can always see a monster if it's trying to sneak (unless something blocks line of sight). Some of the more toxic (as in nerve-wrecking) gameplay elements have been removed. So, for new players there will be less moments that seem unbalanced and unfair. Some examples:all support characters lost their cloak ability which got replaced by a team shield,the Wraith is no longer invisible when spawning her decoy,no more insta-kill domes (since the dome will drop after about 2 bars of the monster's health have dropped),Goliath won't get his little toe stuck oneverypiece of root, wood, stone lying around on the maps which ruined his leap, leap smash, and rock throw abilities.Some of the day one Evolve players complain about the changes in their reviews. They'll tell you that Evolve lost its character, balancing is off and all that made Evolve good is gone. To be honest, I'm also concerned about some of the changes and how it will affect playing the game. Some of the most common are:basically no sneaking or way to hide as a monster,no survivability as a support without cloak,monsters are constantly on the run, hunters won't lose line-of-sight often.Don't listen to it, try the game yourself and check out the changes. It's just too early to make any assumptions about balancing and style of the game.One thing is for sure: Evolve changed. It's probably gone a little more arcade and in-your-face fighting and less sneaky monsters and long periods of running and tracking. Which I'll miss very much, yes. But ES2 is a new game with new gameplay. And right now I'm finding games again which makes me a very happy camper. So yes, definitely recommended."
,Not Recommended,273350,14433687,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Dolla de explora,"It gets stale after a few games, i still bought it because i like the concept and hope they improve on it. But for now. No its not worth 50 euros wait until it drops.Playing as the hunters is really boring just a copy paste from any fps out there. Playing as the monster however is a blast when you play against some good hunters."
76561198065586067,Not Recommended,273350,29222416,Posted: 13 January,all,Claire De Lune(Xeno),"I loved this game so much. Like a summer evening sunset with a cold drink. But now as I sit in my chair reminiscing of past memories of games long before, I feel an undescribable sadness over a videogame. It could've been more, why did it have to die...why does everything have to burn in the end.I've spent numerous hours on this game. Playing with the public, scrimming competitive teams as monster. Playing fun games with devs and good people. But now the support for the game has died off. I can't truthfully say that anyone should play this game anymore, and I wish I could go back to it's hay day. But now it's time to put the family dog down.Rest in peace Evolve...you'll be missed dearly. PS. Behemoth is life and Wraith mains...Catch these hands"
76561198039728628,Not Recommended,273350,24200866,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Jome Harrd,"Evolve. I loved Evolve. Let me tell you a story my father told me. When he was young he got a pinball machine for his birthday. He loved that thing, not only was it cool but it made him cool (what with it being the equivalent to a VR headset today). But like all things, it got a little stale. So he took a break from playing with it for a while. After three days of not touching it he came home and noticed it was gone. He asked his father what happened to it and he told him that he gave it to a neighbor kid because he thought he didn't want it anymore. Today, I know his pain. I haven't played evolve in a while, sure, but I still loved that game. I made so much progress: unlocking almost all the achievements, getting all but one of my medics to legendary, and not to mention the fact I bought all the monsters and characters. But today, none of that matters. Evolve has basically become one of those Iphone games that you see commercials for on T.V. but you think to yourself that they have no business on T.V. Today, all progress has been erased, Achievements, levels, character skills, stats; all of it gone. Hunt and arena are  the only game modes now and all the skills are based on spending fake Iphone money. You can earn Iphone money by playing matches or completing daily ""quest"" complete enough quest daily and you get more money and unlock special prizes. You use that money to buy skins and characters and level up your skills. (you should begin to see the comparison). Overall, this system could have been great for just the skins alone, but the skills did not need this. I know making this a whole new game on steam would have been a little weird, but they forced us into this new version and took everything away without our word. This game is dead to me now, perhaps I shall come back to it, But I'm not ready to just rebuild what I had spent so long to create."
76561197993252136,Recommended,273350,26251936,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,inab,"Great game made by awesome inspired devs.Too bad it didn't receive the success it deserved because it's one of its own kind.Definitely unique and thus more demanding than your average fps game.Ofc some mistakes were made along its release history, but still this ending is unfair for both the devs & all the dedicated players out there.I hope TRS comes back later with more great stuff."
76561198044828463,Not Recommended,273350,14453581,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,insinsanity,"This game is fun, it is. I myself can come back to this quite often while playing other things. I got this heavily discounted though. Will I buy the DLC packs, doubtfull because it's hard to encourage this sort of behavour really. Projekt and what they have said about dlc stuff for Witcher 3 is a welcome breath of fresh air and we really need to help discourage companies from doing this approach to titles we love. I cannot reccomend anyone spend their hard earned cash on this until it drops in price with a more reasonable pack of dlc included.  Shame really."
,Not Recommended,273350,29459352,Posted: 24 January,all,Brightlight,It's dead
76561198052295525,Not Recommended,273350,15281866,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Agablanax,"I love this game, but it makes me so sad that the developers ruined it by demanding more than half of the games original price to be able to play 4 new characters...The elite-skins are so uncreative and boring that they're not even worth the effort (why didnt you change the armour and it's color, cant be that difficult for all the money you demand?) and it feels like they just want to get profit out of everything there is :(What's gonna be next? New class with three characters for 100$ ?Sorry, I love everything about this game but that's just sad D:Please change something about that!"
,Not Recommended,273350,14429609,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,ADFXOzymandias,"Very fun game. Even more fun when you're playing with a full party of your friends. The action is intense, and though I intend on playing this game far more, it isn't a game I can sit and play for an entire day. The graphics are beautiful, even if you can't play it maxed. Unfortunately though, a good portion of the matches you play turn into a game of chasey-chasey catchey-catchey kissy-kissy where you run around the outside of the map Benny Hill style for ten minutes until the monster finally evolves and you head for the power relay. This gets old very quick. The other side of that coin are the battles you win by the skin of your teeth that get your heart racing. These are especially enjoyable.Now for the reason I can't recommend this game. The pricing model. Marketing the game at $100 ($120 on consoles) for full content is insulting and a massive affront to the people who were excited for it in the first place. If it were a fremium game with a cash shop to purchase additional characters or skins, I would 100% recommend this game. And if I hadn't made a promise to my friends that I would buy it when it came out (I don't preorder games. Ever.) I would not have bought it. My recommendation to you, is to wait until it inevitably goes on sale for a more fair price. A $120 price tag on an arena shooter is outrageous. Vote with your dollar (If you wish to call me a hypocrite I understand). 2K chose this pricing in fear of Evolve not generating enough revenue. Show them they're doing it wrong.(2-14-15) I finally had an opportunity to play Evacuation, and this is actually a very fun mode. It changes up the gameplay a noticeable amount and keeps things fresh. I certainly intend on spending more time playing this mode. Some fights include Nest, where the monster starts out at stage 3 and you have to destroy it's eggs. This completely does away with the Benny Hill chase and is one of my preferred modes to play. There are also others where you have to save soldiers and bring them back to the dropship while the monster tries to kill them. Why these modes haven't been advertised as much is completely beyond me. The same ""Left 4 Dead tank battle"" comparison is still accurate in these gamemodes, but to a somewhat lesser degree. Evacuation is definitely a highlight of Evolve.There is slightly more content than I originally thought, though a $60 price tag is still questionable. My recommendation shall remain No for the time being, but it is slightly less harsh of a no. I will update this review in the future if my opinion changes but still, the biggest problem I have with the game is the focus on DLC. Not so much the DLC itself (it's just aesthetics), but the fact that it is clearly 2K's biggest concern at the moment, which I still view as a poor move."
,Not Recommended,273350,29403038,Posted: 21 January,all,Enviar,"The story mode was delete since free to play, no updates, the playerbase seem dead."
76561198029998233,Not Recommended,273350,14819376,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,])/\rK$kiLL,So far good Game but 50€ is way to much for low content.Idea of hide and seek is well done but in my view to fast playedin MP plus almost nobody is playing anymore.
76561198063574357,Not Recommended,273350,24167639,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,43 Extremely Ill Horses,"I pad for the GOTY edition, only to see that the game had a SECOND season pass. Poor game balance, unpopulated servers, and now its free to play, with only ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ""founders"" items as a perk. Turtle Rock is only making this game f2p to milk more DLC and microtransactions out of it. This team could've made Left 4 Dead 3, but instead they abandoned it for this shitpile of a game as a cash grab."
,Recommended,273350,24218274,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Clorox Bleach,"Really good game, hope the player base increases now that its free"
,Recommended,273350,27737044,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,S'AraisVanu,"The Ultimate DOOM was not considered for 'test of time'? LAUGHABLE nominations this year.Got torn a new one by mainstream 'gamers' who just latch onto whatever's popular, assuming this is cod/csgo, causing even more issues down the road, forced esports, and excessive whining which killed this game, ontop of 2k seemingly trying to kill it since it's conception- they're staying extremely tight lipped about it since the beginning.Such a troubled development. Such a lovely world and characters. So many great things about this title; I'm willing to look past all the flaws because I still love this game; and still remains one of my favorites. It's up there with Doom 1993, Planetside 1, Space Station 13, UT/2k4, Tribes, Supcom and many more.Evolve was a game that; when people first saw it; they seemed genuinely excited. Many who laid hands upon it were estatic, and countless more got to play in the various tests for the game. People enjoyed these. It looked like Evolve was shaping up to be THE game. None of us knew what was going to happen later on; but it seemed as if this would be the game that people were talking about for years to come.Unfortunately; it seems that a DLC ♥♥♥♥♥torm/misinformation campaign (which was primarily skins, barring SEASON PASS TWO?) alongside countless other hitches got in the way. Evolve tried to swim against the current in a saturated market; It failed to do this; but will be remembered by many fans of the game; despite the poor treatment, despite the unstable updates, despitemost of the game being stripped out in Stage 2as a result ofpeople refusing to learn how to play the game and getting good at it, as it had a much steeper learn curve(don't get me wrong, i like what it brings to the table, but not what it's removed; ae the complexity), I'll always enjoy this title for what it tried to do; be innovative, deliver a new experience to gamers, and be something that stood out from the rest of the genre and industry.It wasn't to be, unfortunately. Regardless of the bad times this game has helped me through; Evolve will remain one of my favorite games. As Phil Robb said, ""Hopefully, 3 years from now, when other games have let you down, you're gonna say 'I'm gonna play Evolve, because that game's still fun'"" And to some of us, it is.Knowing what I know now, I would still do it in the first place, spending over 400$ on monster races for former friends, ontop of my purchases ingame, and defending this title.From a small concept in Valve by TRS, to trying to go independent with TRS, to THQ's bankrupcy, to 2k. We only found out about this game's existance through THQ's death; and 2k outbid TRS 11 million, to TRS's 250k.We don't seem to know the full story. It could have been better.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eGFg3lpWx9s"
76561198024937147,Recommended,273350,24203974,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Father Deathwish O'Bootyshaker,"Some nice updates with Evolve Stage 2, but pretty dissapointed that they removed other gameplay modes. I enjoyed nest, rescue, and defend as well as the evacuation ""campaign"" mode. Hopefully they will add these scenarios back in future updates."
,Not Recommended,273350,14795542,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Syndreia,"80 euros for a game, for that price you can expect to have everything unlocked, and regular patches :) All wrong. Bugs not patched, in-game shop because you haven't paid enough, game balance unchanged...Blacklisted the creators. The game was fun on beta though, it's sad."
,Not Recommended,273350,14451384,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Ryne,"Save yourself both money and time by not purchasing this release. Don't buy into the half-a-game-plus-DLC business model. It's ridiculous that we allow developers to build a game that is functionally incomplete at day one, and charge us $60 for the intentionally limited honor. Vote with your wallet.The company didn't even care, in their now publically regocnized mistake, to allow preorders to upgrade to the packages that were later released. Gave them money when they were griping about delays? Not only will they treat you as second-rate to second-comers, that extra time was used to make DLC. They are and will only ever be interested in minimum input to maximum profit. I'm still in shock that they delayed this game just for the purposes of shoving additional day one DLC down our throats. It's unbelievable that they would ever think it was acceptable to take our money, and use it to delay the game just to charge us more!In the abstract the idea of the game is great, but purchasing the game and its current content just can't be rationalized. In fact, I would have canceled my preorder, but the option to do so was removed for whatever reason by either Steam or Turtle Rock in my purchase history prior to release. Turtlerock is now as blacklisted for me as EA, never again.Since I couldn't save myself the money I wasted on their inordinate greed, I hope that I can save you. I also hope that if you do buy it and feel as I do that you similarly contribute a negative review. And lastly I finally hope that the large numbers of negative reviews can teach the developer that it's the quality of the user experience that will make them money, not releasing half of a half-decent game to sell us rest at $5-10 piecemeal."
,Not Recommended,273350,14478156,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,?,"Lots of game breaking bugs.- Mouse cursor appears on screen when in FPS mode.- Occasionally falling through the map.- Mouse cursor disappears completely  making it very hard to navigate menus.- Occasionally getting booted out of games with no real error or reason.- Steamworks, if steam is down your match ends and you cannot play online.Very poor AI breaks some map types.- Survivor map mode AI will just wander around instead of moving towards hunters.- Unfinished AI cases, custom game mod options will break how AI functions on some maps.- Zero control over allied AI behavior. The monster is supposed to be able to control how its minion behaves but it is so buggy it may as well have no control.No balance across the different class types and monsters.- The wraith breaks almost all game mechanics with its clone and cloak ability and its dashes are so fast it cannot be trapped if it is paying attention.- Some classes lack useful abilities for the team and are too easy for the monster to counter play against.Poor game design.- Massive learning curve.  The in game tutorials are very incomplete.- Massive amount of hidden stats and mechanics, for example if you shoot a monster within 70 meters it has a massive boost to its dash regeneration.  This is stated nowhere.- Very poor match queue system, favors throwing into games without monsters and then has one join live rather than just waiting.  Very frustrating.You would think there would be a large amount of replay ability to something like this but it mostly feels like the same thing over and over again irrelevant of all the interesting maps.Unsinkable intro cinematics in a buggy game prone to crashing is a huge annoyance.The fact the developers think the currant Wraith is balanced makes me question any design future design choices they may make.All in all I would take a 40% refund to remove this game from my steam library and instead play finished games.One out of five as of 2-15-2015."
,Recommended,273350,24162067,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Nikola Tesla,"Don't let the salty negative reviews give you pause, Evolve is fun, and now it's free.  That should be enough for you.UPDATED JULY 9THMy buddies and I bought this back during the Holiday Sale 2015, and we all put roughly 25-40 hours each into it together.  We always had fun with it, and our having people to play with skews our experience as opposed to people who bought it to play solo.We were lucky enough to enjoy Evolve as it was mostly meant to be enjoyed, balancing issues and some bugs aside.  We never once thought ""that was a waste of money.""Now I see that they are giving Evolve a massive update and turning it Free-to-Play and giving all previous owners the Founder's Pack and I couldn't be happier.  Hopefully this will help others experience what my friends and I did, and hopefully the changes to the maps, hunters, and monsters increase the fun, rather than destroying it.Now, let's look at some of the changes and I'll throw my two cents in:You can find the full patch notesHere-Every Hunter can now drop the Mobile ArenaGood change, being the Trapper required (along with medic) the most skill, and was always singled out by the monster during PvP.  It also sucked whenever your Trapper was new and couldn't keep up with the rest of the party-Trapper now has Planetary Scanner and Dash abilitiesIn my opinion, this is a good thing.  Sometimes you think you're going the right way as hunters, you're 100% sure of it - the tracks lead this way, there are dead animals everywhere... then birds get spooked 400 meters in the opposite direction, and you hear the roar of the monster as it reaches Stage 2.  The Scanner will narrow the location and point you in the general direction of the monster without spoiling the actual position, and the Dash ability makes it so the Trapper class still has the best chance in the party of securing a Mobile Arena around the Monster.  Overall, smart move.-Hunters now have slight passive health regen while out of combatI like the idea, it will lessen the Doc's work after a battle and having those eager hunters run away from your healing weapons.  It also means that after a Dome Fight or ambush that the Hunters can keep on with the chase rather than having to wait those important 10-15 seconds healing before continuing the pursuit.Criticisms after Playing Post-Stage 2 Patch-Mobile Arena duration/Monster Passive Armor RegenerationThe mobile arena collapses too quickly, most of the time falling only after finally breaking through the armor of the Monster.  This would not be such a problem if it were not for the fact that the Monster now has passive (and fast) armor regeneration, and doesn't even need to stop to feed while being chased to get its armor back.  I lost two matches due to the fact that the monster could kite us around the map and make back the armor it lost during the Mobile Arena fights.  If Turtle Rock could either decrease the time effects of certain combat milestones during Mobile Arena fights, or halve or completely remove passive armor regen then I feel it would be fairer.-Passive Monster Evolution Meter GainThis is possibly the most frustrating mechanic I have endured in Evolve.  In four of the twelve or so matches I played in, the Monster was able to evolve despite eating next to nothing becase we were on its heels and breathing down its neck basically the entire match.  We let it (all four times a Meteor Goliath) out of our sight for less than twenty seconds, and then we hear the roar and ""Monster has reached Stage 2.""  My friends and I were absolutely dumbfounded.  Half of the point of the chase is to prevent the monster from eating and gaining enough biomass to evolve.  I was able to play the Elder Kraken in one match and despite only having eaten a few beasts, was surprised when running away that the ""Evolve - Press V"" appeared on the left of the screen.  I did very little but run away from the very mobile Hunter party, and almost never got the chance to eat any wildlife because they were always behind me.  They were doing great, and despite their efforts, I was able to evolve and then turn around and completely wipe them as a freshly-evolved Stage 2.  This needs rebalanced.-Matchmaking sometimes breaks and splits up a premade party""The match lobby is full.""  Umm... Why would matchmaking kick people out of my party just so it could place me in a match with four randoms?  I have friends that wish to play so we can coordinate and have a medic or assault that does their job (No offense to the newcomers, but it gets frustrating seeing Caira or Markov every game and never seeing a heal grenade come my way or the Arc Mines being placed and having nothing aside from your Assault Rifle being used).EMET Character Model Glitch (As of July 9th)My friend mains EMET as his medic, and when we play we were surprised to find out that the only textures for his model that render now are his arms and face.  Even when being outlined behind structures, the only outlines are face and arms.I will continue to update this review as my experience with Evolve Stage 2 increases."
,Not Recommended,273350,14454922,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Chaad,"I have played a little bit of this game (maybe 5 or 6 full matches) and I have to say...this game has been released with a complete hub of DLC and is quite frankly not worth the money you pay for it. That being said, it is fun at points when you're in a heated battle with the monster (NEVER PLAY AGAINST AN AI BECAUSE THEY ARE POORLY BALANCED). My last point would be the Kraken being very OP as every time my team (the hunters) play against one they are very hard to beat."
76561198008824364,Not Recommended,273350,14583832,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Evil Frosty,"I like Evolve, but I don't think its worth the price; I think it has leveling and balance issues.  Also, buying the Season Pass does not get you all the DLC, only some of it.First, Leveling in the game is required if you want to gain access to the more useful hunters or more potent monsters.  If you jump into this game late, and you play with people who have been playing for a while, expect to get your butt handed to you perpetually until you level up (which might take a long while because your XP is dependent on whether you win).  Playing the monster as a new-comer against people who have played for a while is a brutal course in futility: the hunters will find you and kill you quickly and relentlessly, and there is nothing you can do about it.  If you play a hunter as a n00b, you'll generally be riding the coat-tails of your more experienced companions, unless the more experienced monster finds you, in which case you'll just be killed in short order (and possibly eaten).  I think the game would be better if, like so may other games out there that require leveling, you could create a private game that was completely unlocked for everyone and pick the hunters/monsters you wanted, but sadly that is not an option in this game.And then there are Balancing issues; if you join a group of players that have 6 or more levels on you, be prepared to be at a significant disadvantage.  It seems that everything you do is at a noticeable degradation compared to the other more experienced players: you seem to run slower, have less jet pack energy, weapons do less damage, healing takes longer, etc.  Because you'll die a lot, you can spend time spectating the bots and see what your abilities will be like once you do level, but when you take that bot over your abilities will degrade and you'll be forced into fighting an uphill battle to get little scraps of XP so you can level.  The leveling also seems to take forever when you try to level with groups that have a lot of experience on you because they will pick the best of their class (whether that is a hunter or monster) and you'll be stuck with the starter class.  I think the game would be better if the various playable classes (both monsters and hunters) were more equally balanced; because there's a huge disparity between the various classes gainable by leveling, as a new player, you end up on the receiving end of an exponentially longer and harder row to hoe to get to where those that have gone before you are.  My advice if your new: only play as a hunter in groups of experienced people; only play solo as the monster until you get the wraith monster; otherwise, only play solo until you get leveled.Until some of these issues are fixed, or the price goes down, save your cash."
,Recommended,273350,24161665,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,DoctJJ,"For those who are complaining that they bought this game and now it is F2P; please realise that they did this for you, if no one is playing the game you can not enjoy it, This update will bring back old player and also adding new people to the playerbase."
,Not Recommended,273350,24193355,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Draevan,"If you've played evolve in the past, unlocked anything, or do any of that other stuff which involves putting time in the game then prepare yourself because you just lost everything!!! That founder statue bs is there way of saying ""Hey we took all your stuff, but we'll give you all the characters, which you already had, and a few skins so you can just grind out everything all over again!!!!""They also removed all but two game modes, because who really wants to do anything other then standard hide-and-seek. No that was a terrible idea the other game modes were pretty good and fun, but looks like they disagreed. Also because of the remove of the other game modes they took out the multi-mission Evacuation Mode. So hope you enjoy hide-and-seek aka Hunt or Arena Mode because that's all they left you.They also buffed monsters and changed the hunters class abilities, so take that as you will cause it's kind of meh.Either way go ahead and give the game a whirl if you must, but let's hope that they have a Stage 3 incoming soon."
76561198032984075,Not Recommended,273350,14425349,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,pedobear[GER],"Like many previously stated:-Great,fun gameplay. BUTWHAT THE HELL are people/companies thinking offering 80 $ worth of DLC on launch day...I remember a time when companies actually sold COMPLETE games."
,Not Recommended,273350,24217753,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,n00bmobile,"Don't get me wrong, the game is great! But I simply can't let these issues go by:Why I don't care about the F2P change:The game was dying, so they made it free to try to save their game. Am I♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off for losing 60 bucks? Yes, I am. But they had to do this or I would never have the chance to enjoy this game again. Also, the founders edition gives people who bought the game a lot of stuff, they also promised to make even more little things for the people who have been supporting them since the start. This means that us, founders, the people who really cared for this game, will continue to get more EXCLUSIVE itens. In short, the reason for this review isn't the F2P change, It's because  of the stupid ways they changed the game to please idiots who played 2 minutes of the game and started screaming♥♥♥♥♥♥about the it. *cof* *cof* AngryJoe *cof* *cof*.What they have ♥♥♥♥ed up:They made the dome a shared ability, something I do not agree with since it takes away a huge part of being a trapper and also discourages teamwork. Also, you can't miss. But that barely scraches the surface of the problem, they also added regenerative health and even though It's already way too fast, there are perks that can greetly speed it up. The medic only becomes useful during combat, which now It's the focus of the game. There's no such thing as stealth, there's only Planet Scanners every 30 seconds who force the monster to constantly run, actually he doesn't need to run, because he can teamwipe at stage 1. In fact, they should call this game Not Evolve. They also decreased the dropship time to a minute and a half, there goes one of EMET strengts.What they turned the game into:In short, they turned a game about Hunting into a Massive Monster Batteling Cluster♥♥♥♥, made Evolve not worth Evolving and destroyed teamwork. This game is BROKEN gameplaywise and they need to remove this friendly piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥mechanics that they decided to add. People who started playing now won't even notice, but we do, and if this doesn't get changed we will forever miss what Evolve used to be.PS: Where did all the maps and modes go?"
,Not Recommended,273350,14416020,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,VKhaun,99% of the game is running straight ahead outside of combat. Camera shake and stun/stagger are disgustingly extreme. The U.I. is weird. Progression is strictly linear with no customization beyond picking one perk from a list that unlocks in a specific order based on an account-wide level.I would keep it on my PC to play casually/occasionally as the monster but the game is 36GB.
76561198016825792,Not Recommended,273350,14446353,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Ischim0n,"Reason for not recommending this game is just like everyone else not recommending it - DLC.The other reason i have for not recommending this game is that it seems quite hard to find 5 players at certain hours so you end up playing with bots, which is really not worth it at all.I believe this game will die out in a few months, its already getting really repetetive and i've just played it for 22 hours so far, and now it feels like for me to actually get enough ""energy"" to continue playing this game i need to put another 20€ to get the extra hunters, so i can try something new. So the way the game is made, you will end up spending a lot more cash than you should have to in order to stay interested in the game."
,Not Recommended,273350,14452887,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Dan,"I am highly disappointed in TurtleRock and 2k. This ""season pass"" is not a season pass as the limited information suggested when I purcahsed it or at the very least lead people with vague information. Every other game previous to this that used the term ""season pass"" meant that you are prepurchasing future content. This is unture for Evolve.I spent 99.99 on the Monster Edition and I think spending $40 past the normal price for a game is enough but Turtle Rock thinks not. They think it is moral and respectful to their customers to charge 7, 8, 9, etc... dollars for ""DLC"" ...skins. Then in the future the 2 hunters unreleased and any past that will cost extra for those of us who spent $40 additional dollars already. The concept of purcahsing a character is solid I am okay with this.....not happy about it as I gre up in an age that you purcahsed a game and that was that. All updates are based in the previous price.This new age ""partial game releases"" then charging the customer to FINISH the game really stinks and has always been annoying.Evolve is really fun but this micro transaction model is wrong. You charged us $60 for the game then another $40 for extras which should be all future DLC ...at least for the next year or 2. Now you want to charge for every little thing.Your combining free to play design like STO, Dota 2, ect...which AAA blockbuster initial prices. So you get the initial and the residual...double dipping. Immoral business plan. I will continue to play Evolve but the developers and business leaders at Turtle Rock are garbage humans.Dan"
,Not Recommended,273350,14413924,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,세상의단한줄기의빛지현배,gg always same pattern
76561198019296258,Not Recommended,273350,14466571,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Baconhands,"Most buggy♥♥♥♥♥game I've bought yet. Rescue is bugged: only got the first wave of survivors, not the second or third, dropship bugged so my ""reinforcements"" were perpetually falling. Don't buy it! It is not worth any amount of money! This should have been free to play with in game purchases."
76561198129398685,Recommended,273350,23562358,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Slain,"I remember playing this game in it's prime, man what a fun time. Innovative gamepley full of thrills and intense fighting, requiring coordinated teamwork to both hunt and battle the monster. Monsters so good you wondered who was hunting who.How is it that how much you can enjoy a game, and what you feel about, so heavily determined on what people have to say about it? How is it that even after you had come to enjoy and apprecite its game design, from your own perspective and judgement, turn sour? Because of what someone who has never played the game has to say about it? Because of a review of an internet personality, who is unable to relize they can no longer talk for themselves but are so heavily influnced by the opinions of their followers that they are only capable of regurgitating what they say? Out of principle? Well, I'm hard to believe that's the case otherwise what are you doing with all of those season passes for those other triple A titles?Evolve could have been huge, but for whatever reason, we decided that it shouldn't be.Evolve was a good game. It still is."
76561198000829149,Not Recommended,273350,14441038,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,XAINNIAX,"It feels like an unfinished game. I was hoping for an amazing storyline campaign to play through... but there isn't even a campaign. There are basically 2 modes to play as, hunt and 5 round hunt. All the games feel pretty much the same so it will get old pretty fast. It's a shame because the graphics are pretty good with cool looking environments.I can't recommend this game at full price. It's an overpriced $20 dollar game. Wait till it goes on sale... which shouldn't be long."
76561198239027412,Recommended,273350,24170549,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,birdobash,what evolve is becoming free to play!? and becoming re vamped!??? never thought i would see the day lol. well dammit i payed muns for this game. hope this game gets back its players. getting it back from being dead. GO EVOLVE YOU CAN DO IT MAKE ME PROUD
,Not Recommended,273350,24560611,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Dinoman9877,"When Evolve first released, it was this wonderful game that required teamwork and strategy on the part of the hunters, while the monster required cunning and skill to dodge the hunters long enough to become strong enough to fight them. Every hunter had a role to play, and if they didn't do it right, the monster was going to cause some damage or get away.Now, however, that complexity has been traded in for a watered down version of 'run away simulator'. The trapper lost the one job that made it so vital to the team, and rather traded in for a scanner that will tell them where the monster is no matter the distance between the hunters and the monster. They might as well have just made that an ability all the hunters can use, and gotten rid of the Trapper class altogether so the hunters can take two assaults instead.Speaking of abilities all the hunters can use, everyone can use the dome now, so there's no real point to staying as a cohesive unit since the wildlife is killed so easily or is easy to dodge. You lose the feeling of being a team player and rather feel like you're playing 'separately together'. In the same game with the same goal, but not really coordinating, just doing what the game wants you to do.As for the monster, cunning has been traded in with how quickly you can use your leaping/flying/charge to get away from the hunters while also trying desperately to evolve. The Hunters know where you are about every 30 seconds thanks to the scanner, and since they don't need to stick together, they can easily cut you off and any one of them can dome you in. At the same time, however, the monster is ridiculously strong even at stage one. In the original Evolve, if you got caught at Stage one, you had no chance of winning unless the hunters were EXTREMELY BAD. At Stage 2 you could do some damage but you were likely going to lose. At Stage 3, the hunters had their work cut out for them.I believe now the majority of games end with the Monster at Stage 2, either by killing the Hunters or being killed. About 50-50 either way. But the matches are too short and very few monsters ever make it to stage 3 before time runs out. And Stage 3 is where it used to be the most fun as the monster became a true challenge. So many monsters were sure of themselves even in Stage 1 that they would attack as soon as the match started, just because they were that powerful. Turtle Rock didn't take a hint that the monsters at Stage 1 were too strong and rather just gave a boost to the defense of the Hunters when coming off the dropship.Turtle Rock has made a grave error. Instead of keeping the complexity that made the paid for game great, they dumbed it down so seven year olds could be able to play it without any issue.  If they had kept the game as it was when they went free to play, I would absolutely recommend this game. But I can't and will not recommend this game as it is now. It's too simple to keep you entertained."
76561198001593462,Recommended,273350,31350990,Posted: 24 April,all,Jesus Christ the LICH KING,Even though the community has shrunk there are still lots of fun matches to be had with dedicated experienced players that have stuck with this game since beta. Very engaging and rewarding with literal terror as a key feature central to playing this game is to become competent as monster. Give it a shot it is new unique and fresh gameplay. There is no other experience like it.
,Not Recommended,273350,14595230,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,The Lost Prophet,"Great Game and consept except that there are so many bugs and glitches it can ruin an entire game/ set of matches for you, There are times where I as both hunter and monster (mainly Monster) recieve a huge ammount of Movement speed, or you lag to get into a game, or you get into a lobby and hunter/ monster select to only find out you have been replaced with an AI in the last second. Also there is alot of game lag, dropping, freezing, and other unplaying bugs. It not only kills the game/ gameplay but also makes me want to play less of the great concept of the game, it needs to be patched more before relise I do not recoment this game untill it is patched."
,Not Recommended,273350,22787045,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Jiik,"An INSANELY large file size, with an INSANELY low amount of content provides for a horrid purchase. I was really disappointed with this, sadly."
76561198117109443,Recommended,273350,16423050,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,MonkeyBot,"this is not the kind of game that you can just download and just run in and play like most other 1st person shooters. there is alot to learn in evolve and so much team work involved with the hunters. the monster is no walk in the park eaither you need to have really good map knowledge, work out what skill combos to use what, food to eat, where to evolve  and so on. the point im trying to make is if you just rush in a do what ever you want you will lose end up hating the game and want to install it but if you give this game the time and start to listen to your team and get advice from experienced players you will end up really enjoying the game. if your going to buy this game please make sure you give it a chance to teach you how to play, hunter and monster, far beyond the games tutorial play a few solo games to get used to the controls and know every role works DON'T JUST RUSH ONLINE!!!!!!!!. once you have done a few games solo give a good 30+ hours online and as the games goes on you will start to realise what an amazing game this is. please dont listen to other reviews where people have only played a few hours and think they know what the games about. like i said if you learn the game and give it time you will really enjoy it. have fun and happy hunting."
,Recommended,273350,24197713,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Rai,"I purchased Evolve when it first came out. I bought the MOST Expensive pack. After a while of playing and many hours sunk into the game, I lost interest due to the dying community, with a strong indication it was declining due to the DLC gates, and quit.Then this happened.Stage 2 is exactly what this game needed. A proper revival. No money is allowed to be spent, everything is earned.This is huge. INCREDIBLY huge. I cannot believe that they'd do this. This is risky, scary, and ballsy, yet it's just the right thing to do.I'm genuinely impressed. I cannot say enough good things. Balancing has finally been done right. People are playing the game and having fun. Characters are as unique as ever. And as a prior purchaser, I feel like I am valued.Thank you, Turtle Rock Studios. I'm genuinely impressed. I'll be back for a long time to come."
,Not Recommended,273350,22261551,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,locomoco1313,"bought game 1 month after launchno one plays anymoreTakes 2 and a half hours to get into a gamesome idiot locks himself in with the monstergame ends in 15 minutesthe preffered class system means jack♥♥♥♥♥♥♥cuz there arent enough players for it to matteri havent gotten into a full game yet2k wanted a sequelno one else didand the season pass 2 was bornand once you have completed the triforce of season pass, season pass 2, and day one edition.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................wait for it..........................................................................................................................just a little more...................................................................................................................................................you need to buy $70 more in microtransactions to own every item in the game and some of them you actually have to put countless hours into the game to even use$500 saved dollars/$60"
,Not Recommended,273350,19737831,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,kennyohmalta,Was a fantastic game that I absolutely loved in the beta. Has now become a money horde system for pay to wins.Garbage...
,Not Recommended,273350,14544236,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Greemann,"Thought it would be like Left 4 Dead in terms of quality.Playing as the Monster is painful because you get tracked and bullied all game's long,but when you get to lvl 3 you can crush the Hunters or destroy the power relay to win.Playing the Hunters is fun if you're lucky enough to find a team that actually plays as a team.You have no time to really set a trap or ambush because the monster moves really fast and has the ability to smell you from a distance, that makes the gameplay really fast-paced and you spend most of your time running after the monster to prevent it from feeding, EVERY GAME.It gets boring fast and I do not think it is worth 50 euros at all because of the lack of content, repetitive gameplay and a dull story.It's a shame because the game has a lot of potential : the world and characters are well designed, the gameplay is smooth and the animations are quite good.Worth 20-30 euros at maximum in my opinion and should have a lot more contents."
76561198073109760,Not Recommended,273350,22380527,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Wizardman971,This game is fun but it has a lot of flaws-Pros-Fun with friends online-The concept is good-Good graphics-Cons-For a $40 game there is way too much DLC you have to pay for all the other classes and stuff if you pay that much for a game you shouldn't have to buy all the other classes-Too repetitive-Not enough fighting in this game you spend 10 minutes finding the dang monster and then he gets away in like 30 seconds or less then you have to spend another 10 minutes finding him again they should rename this game follow the beast because it's like the only thing you do-I will say it again TOO MUCH DLC FOR A $40 AND IT USED TO BE $60 AND I BOUGHT IT FOR $60I thought i would have liked it i gave it a chance a gave it 29 hours i tried sorry but i do not recommend 2.5/10 I wish i could refund
,Not Recommended,273350,14423589,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,OnLY //,"""Waiting for players to laod"" Simulator.Other players will load for 15 minutes and you will be punished for leaving the game.What about a ""fast loading"" DLC?"
,Not Recommended,273350,21803771,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,CrackerJackMack,"Great concept, poor community management.  Didn't fix bugs needed to play the game reliably and too many pre-purchase bonuses."
76561198273440322,Not Recommended,273350,22574101,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,illuminati245,"takes way to long to find a match due to small (tiny , really) players base"
,Recommended,273350,24258897,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,capitao mosra,"For the love of god i can't take it anymore, the amount of people complaining this game is unbalanced is ridiculous, its half of the people saying that the hunters are overpowered and the other half is saying that the monsters are overpowered.I've played this game back in 2015 when it launched and i played a reasonable amount of it, i went back to playing when it got free to play because i really liked it and i hated that it's fanbase died that easily, now these uninformed reviews might be killing it again.THE GAME IS NOT THAT UNBALANCED IT IS JUST A DIFICULT GAME TO LEARN!Before playing for 1 hour and then posting a review telling thousends of people that you can't win as monster/hunter, see if that's the case with the majority, read the foruns or ask one of the more hardcore players. It is very reasonable to lose as monster the first many times you play it, it is a hard job being on your own, having the feeling of being hunted the entire time, but that's most of the fun of the game, having the feel of being hunted.Just as a proof the game is not unbalanced for the monster as i saw many complain, i used to play mostly as Bucket (one of the support hunters) and Kraken (one of the monsters), since the game went free to play i played 28 games as Kraken and 6 games as Goliath and haven't lost any yet, there isn't even that feel of being hunted i talked about, that's because the skill gap between me and the new players is enourmous, that means that there IS a skill cap and that it is very big. As soon as i realized i was winning every round without any effort i decided to instead play for the hunters and teach new players how to play, for example:Tips for hunters:- Don't follow the monster tracks directly, always look at your map and try to predict where the monster will be.- Sometimes it's better to focus on adquiring a decent buff than to follow the monster.- Don't stay together 100% of the time, dividing to conquer is a good tactic to encircle the monster, just be careful not to strand too far away from eachother.- Communication is key, talking about what you and your group should do and being friendly is pretty important to make a good team.- The support must defend his medic, and the medic should defend his team!- Learn how to dodge each of the monster's skills, the monsters are VERY different from one another and they play out very differently, learning how to play against each one of them is important.- Don't waste all your fuel trying to reach the monster, being caught without fuel as some classes mean certain death, instead of using speed to reach the monster, use tactics.- If you think you're losing the fight RUN for crying out loud RUN! the amount of hunters that can only think about fighting is enormous, you dont always have the upper hand! if you're losing a fight avoid being wiped out, tell any other surviving teammates to run in opposite directions so that at least one of you can survive.- Hunters, like monsters play out very differently, and it takes more than a few games to learn to play him/her, I for one, thought Caira was a terrible medic when she just came to the game, now i think she's the best medic, I thought Cabot was weak, now i think he's one of the top supports.Tips for Monsters:- Always try to predict in which direction the hunters are, and how far away they are.- Spam your right click (monster senses), it's cooldown is low and you gain a ton of information by using it.- Stealth is your ally in ALL stages, you can use it to run or to catch a hunter unprepared.- Make traps, i'll talk more about it below.- Focus one guy at a time, preferably start with the medic, then go for the support or vice versa.- If someone is down, don't let them get up! you don't have to kill all hunters, just get them down, any displacement skills or normal attacks will stop the hunters from reviving eachother.- Learn the playstyle of your monster, they play out very differently from one another, mainly in fights.- Making traps as the monster: What some people don't realize is that just because you're the monster, it doesn't mean you can't make traps yourself, if you played the game enough you sometimes get that feeling that you know you're ready to defeat the hunters, that can happen even as the monster is in stage 1 and depends on the skill level of the hunters and the monster. So what to do to make a decent trap? your surroundings, it depends on which monster you are, if you're the Kraken for example, you need a lot of space to fly, and rough terrain can make it dificult for the hunters to traverse it as well. For the Goliath, you would need tight spaces, preferably with a roof so some hunters like Hank won't be able to use the Orbital Drill skill or Cabot his tracking bomb. Another important thing about your surroundings is other creatures, that albino dunebeetle can be a ♥♥♥♥♥ in the midst of the fight and be the difference between winning and losing. Then there is the element of surprise, you can get all that ready you look for a place to conseal yourself, to get the hunters caught unprepared, out of fuel and out of position. Alerting some birds is a good way to make the hunters run desperately into your trap.As you can see, there is a lot to learn, and you don't learn that by playing a few games, it's the same thing as playing a MOBA game, losing and instead of trying to learn to play better, simply give up and say it's unbalanced and it isn't your fault.And even though i think it's a great game with a lot of depth, i have a few criticisms of my own, the matchmaking system is pretty frustrating for one, even though the game says it is in beta, it has been this way since the 2015 release and it is very annoying and one of the biggest reasons i stopped playing. The fact that you can buy better traits for the characters (with in-game currency, currently 07/11/16 not buyable with real money), such as more movement speed, decreased reload time, etc, I think that's a nice feature that increases the depth of the game, however i personally feel that the fact you can upgrade these skills is a bad design choice, it just gives more veteran players an edge. And even though i have been proven wrong before on thinking a character was trash i do feel some characters are a little stronger than others, like Caira is better than Val, or Griffin is better than Jack, Wraith (even though nerf confirmed) is pretty unbalanced as of now, etc."
,Recommended,273350,26407526,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Dcarp,"Love this game, but it is sad that the developer can no longer work on it.10/10"
76561198146195845,Not Recommended,273350,14451189,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,GEazyIsMyFavoriteRapper,I played the early beta and thought it was a very fun concept. I was planning on buying the game until I saw mixed reviews. Then I saw how all of the DLC content costs more than the game. This pretty sad considering how fun the game itself. I mean there are going to be bugs and imbalances when it first came out but those will be fixed. What wont be fixed is how the image 2k has of gamers and how they are apparently made out of money. Buy the game if you can afford the $100 + and think its worth it.
76561197972088510,Recommended,273350,18148444,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Gutbuster,"I just want to give my 2 cents about evolve. It seems all the top reviews are negative and may not accuretly reflect how good this game is. I returned from a year overseas in June and I was excited to play this game. As soon as i got on steam I saw it had mixed reviewes and all the top reviews aere negative. After reading them I decided to pass on the game.Well 3 months later the game went on sale and I bought the Monster hunter pack and all the dlc for something like $40. I have not been disapointed. There has been a major update since most of the reviews so anything prior to Hunt 2.0 is nearly irrevelent. Just like any MP game out there, your experience may vary based on your team or the team your playing against. This is a game that is easy to get into but takes some time to really become good at it. Unfortunetly many people treat the classes as if they are playing COD and when they pick and how they play it only effects them. By that I mean if you pick support, your job is to buff teamates or debuff the monster. Its also your main goal on a team wipe to be the last person alive to allow your team to respawn in. You are not the assault and damage to the monster is not your main priority. This is the main problem with randoms in MP.... every class wants to be DPS when it is simply not there job. Once you play with players who realize this, the game become amazing, challenging, and just a blast to play.I would highly recomend finding at least one other person to play with but if you cant, remember that the MIC is your friend. The game has built in voice chat that works flawlessly and youd be suprised how many game i was certain id loose only to turn it around with the use of communication.I urge you that if this is a game youve been considering, go for it. It may have its frustrations (mainly as a hunter with randoms) but it also has some of the most fun gameplay ive played in a while. I would also recomend going to the official forums(https://talk.turtlerockstudios.com/)if you want more information about the game. Dont let all these negative reviews keep you from a great game."
,Not Recommended,273350,14760595,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Erhardt,"If you have a reliable group of friends to play the game with,  it can actually be a lot of fun.  Outside of that though, it's a crapshoot.The single player AI is maddening in that if you're playing the Monster, the Hunters are relentless BMFs.  If you're playing as the Hunters though, it's like they're all rejects from the Keystone Cops and if you're taking that monster down, it's basically all up to you.  The Monster AI is also aggravatingly canny at determining which hunter YOU are playing, and pounding on you EXCLUSIVELY until there's nothing left but a red jelly smashed into the dirt.You can mitigate the AI ineptitude somewhat by customizing the settings, but that kind of feels like cheating to me for some reason, and thus any victories earned that way seem hollow.The maps I've played so far have been interesting to play on, though as the monster I wish there were more places to hide/lurk for an ambush.I also wish there was a way to move into a 1st-person view as the monster because all-too-often in tighter terrain the camera goes completely wonky and you can't see anything but your own backside, making it impossible to target the hunters with attacks.  I know the 3rd person view gives a better sense of scale to the monster, but when I'm getting shot up and the camera blinds me, it's frustrating to the point of just wanting to quit the game.So overall I'm giving this game a ""No"" vote, but with the proviso that if you play with friends (not just random people who won't coordinate), it can actually be a good time."
76561198086980642,Recommended,273350,30047250,Posted: 19 February,all,Kuzo,"So this game is a hunt game where 1 player is a monster which must eat to be stronger, so he can destroy a power relay and 4 players are hunters whose task is to kill the monster before it gets to stage 3(the highest one), if they fail they will have to kill it anyway but it gets way more difficult. This game offers good graphics, some nice, enjoyable gameplay, a quite impressive amount of hunters and monsters ,different maps where one of the sides has bigger advantage. AND ITS FREE. (Probably because a few people would buy it)I personally encountered some problems with the audio, some sudden beeps and scratches idk from where, but i think I'm the only one with that problem.Overall one of the best free games you can get on steam.TypeRatingGameplay8Lore7Audio7Multiplayer8My rating: 7.5"
,Recommended,273350,14790934,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Extreme_One,"Great fun, especially in a group of friends.Fantastic lighting. Superb models and animations.The day one DLC isn't the issue that others are making out, I mean, what difference do skins make? Nothing.If youwantto change the way your characters or weapons look, you can, but you don'tneedto.I'm perfectly happy playing the game with the stock skins and certainly don't mind TurtleRock selling skins to those that want them.I love the way every match is different and unpredictable because of the different characters and their individual abilities."
,Not Recommended,273350,24167607,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,PapayaDude,"I never write reviews, this is literally the first and last im probably ever going to write. I preordered this game driven by my love for turtle rock studios' left 4 dead/left 4 dead 2. However the incredible amount of bugs in this game that fail to be resolved is more than frustrating. Earlier when the game had a player base even before it was free to play there was game breaking bugs. monsters falling out of the map, hunters falling out of the map, at  times I couldn't even connect with my friends. Which is ridiculous because doing just that was the core reason I bought this game. I waited, and waited for patches to come up that would fix these rage inducing bugs yet to no avail. All I saw before my eyes were a constant stream of DLC being released at a ridiculous rate. Yet somehow the problems that present itself within the foundations of its gameplay was yet to be addressed. Now as an attempt to revive their playerbase they decide to make the game free to play, and overhauls the entire game. To some degree, it worked, and yet again I was excited a considerable amount of time had passed since the last time I played the game. Naturally I assumed that most of the problems that caused me to abandon the game was fixed. After one successful game upon attempting to pary up again my friends would constantly get kicked out of the party while searching for Queue. Everytime other players were found in our queue one of us would be left with either two messages "" The multiplayer session was terminated"" (which it clearly wasn't) or ""The lobby is full"" which again in most cases it actually isn't. It came to the point where all of us had to constantly invite each other just to ensure our presence in the lobby is maintained. Basically, like so many times in the early stages of the games release we still. couldn't. join. each others. game. In conclusion, they need to fix these glitches before even thinking of releasing anything else skin, dlcs alike.Sincerley-Someone whos tired of this sh*t"
76561198112905061,Not Recommended,273350,24190204,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Shatingola,Give my money back!
76561197972250142,Recommended,273350,15736933,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Th0nor,"Firstly try to not be influenced by the bad press regarding DLC. It's the same for all games nowadays and is the fault of greedy publishers and the whole 'pay to win' cancer that's found its way from mobile phones to video games. DLC for Evolve consists of cosmetic enhancements to monsters or hunters, a new monster and t4 hunters that have just been introduced (it's not pay to win). You can still fully enjoy this game without any DLC!This is the first FPS game since Half Life 2 that has had me hooked for over 500 hours and even now at 'high level play' it has plenty more to offer. It's the first of it's kind and a breath of fresh air in the FPS market. It's not for teen CoD fan boys who think they can just point and shoot at a monster and expect immediate glory... These players have left in their thousands as they're are incapable of working coherently as a team when the odds are so often stacked against you. In this respect there is a steep learning curve but it's with persevering with if you're more mature.The premise of the game is as follows: 4 Hunters/players with their own distinct roles track and chase a monster (1 player) on the run, who has to feed on wildlife to evolve to a more powerful beast! At the start of each game the odds are stacked in favour of the hunters, when the monster evolves to stage 2 or 3 things become more interesting and rely heavily on good hunter team play to survive against a monster who is now capable of destroying a power relay or hunt the hunters to win.It's hard not to be impressed by what Turtle Rock have achieved here, the detail and variety in maps based on the alien world Shear is exceptional. A great deal of effort and thought has gone into each map and the wildlife, which adds another dimension to Evolve.Overall I feel this is one of the best games I have ever played. It has unparalleled depth and is truly unique. My only concern is once you have played with an experienced team you'll never want to play this in a pick up group.... The margin for error on the hunter side is very small and you will find yourself getting very frustrated in PUGs. I started with PUG's, but very quickly found a good core of players through steam to play with. Don't be put off, worth every penny!10/10"
,Recommended,273350,14528577,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Type A,"This is a game clearly designed for multiplayer. There's little if any competitive scene as far as I'm aware, so it's pubs all the way. If you have a good mic, are comfortable communication intentions/tactics with a team, and you can work past the fact that alone, you're nothing more than a quick meal to the beasts you'll encounter, you'll love hunting giant monsters as the hunters of Shear! If you're new, have no fear - there are short (skippable) video tutorials on the basics and advanced tactics of all the monsters and hunters should you feel overwhelmed.If you're more of a solo player, who dreams of getting the chance to outplay and outwit a group of four other players as you don the role of the boss battle of the map, you'll love being a deadly monster, though be careful - the game is balance such that the level of your evolution dramatically effects your odds against intelligent players.Stage 1 - The odds are against the monster.Stage 2 - The odds between you and the hunters are even.Stage 3 - The odds are stacked against the hunters.Stealth, good movement, situational awareness, a good understanding of the game mechanics, and patience will be necessary to succeed as the highly adept apex predators of Shear.You can group up with friends, or play with strangers. You CAN play solo against bots, though beyond familiarizing yourself with mechanics/characters/monsters and maybe grinding out achievements, the AI quickly becomes repetitive and the thrill is lost quickly without the element of human creativity.I DO NOT recommend this game if you're looking for a fun game to play alone, for storyline, if you don't like to talk while you game, or if you're easily frustrated by failure. No doubt, you will fail a great deal as you're coming to terms with how to play the game. I also do not recommend this game if you are looking for non-stop action, as a great deal of the game revolves around the ""hunt"" of the monster. It's quite possible in some matches that you'll spend ten minutes before you even find the monster. On that note, while there are AI controlled native beasts and hazards aside from the primary monster to fight against along the way, there's little incentive to pick fights with every animal you find. Another thing to note is that TTK is rather high in this game - monsters won't be crushing humans into the dust in one or two hits in many circumstances, and at early stages you might feel like your goliath arms as the monster are hitting the hunters more like wet noodles than terrifying claws. Likewise, combined fire is a big part of taking down the monster and it's very rare that one person alone will have even a remote chance of meaningfully damaging the monster. Fights take a long time.Graphically, the game is quite good looking. It runs smoothly on my system, though there is some minor complexity to altering some gameplay effects, like your FOV and eliminating mouse acceleration. There are guides around to help you do it, but frankly it's disappointing that it's necessary and not in the in-game menus.There is a season pass - no actual gameplay-related DLC has been released as of this review. The season pass will include access to new monsters and new hunters. New maps and other content may be released as free updates. The ""Skin Packs"" in the game aren't anything to be excited or worked up about and the game is more or less perfectly fine without them - they consist of palette swaps for monsters (shades of grey/red/green/blue) that are mostly difficult to distinguish from one another in gameplay, and weapon reskins for hunters which are almost unnoticeable and in some cases violently clash with the rest of the uniform (there are no armor/clothing reskins for hunters). Their only purpose seems to be to make your character slightly unique, but the options are limited, there are almost no unlockable cosmetics, and they're generally not worth the price-tag (5-7 dollars for a set of skins. Getting every single one could run you around 60 dollars).A lot of people get worked up about these skins being withheld unless people purchase them, but honestly the skins are so useless and minor that they're barely worth buying, much less getting upset about. But the topic of day-one DLC is one I'm not getting into in this review.All and all, this game is an excellently crafted multiplayer game and it shows a great deal of potential to last for a long time, so long as Turtle Rock/2K are willing and able to effectively support the game as time passes. The game is mostly balanced (there are a few issues, though given the youth of the game I'd say the balance is very very good), though the price tag is a bit heavy. I do sincerely believe that the game is worth the price tag of 60 dollars - consider getting just the base game to try out, and maybe get the season pass later on if you're really liking the game and you're looking forward to playing new classes."
,Not Recommended,273350,23094517,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Lordly Eagle,"Disappointing asymmetrical multiplayer FPS. Lacking in content, and what is there is so very dependent on the monster being on the same skill level as the hunters. If the hunters are coordinated and skilled, only the very best monster players have even a slim chance of winning the round, and if the hunters are uncoordinated and unskilled, the very worst monster will still run rampant over them. Limited content on release was not entertaining for more than 1 or 2 sessions. Give this one a miss"
76561198035018019,Not Recommended,273350,14454545,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,A_Gulper_Eel,"This game is expensive and do not have a lot of content for the price, also most of the content is block when you start, some idiot decided that you would need to unlock the hunter and the monster by playing and I do not like this idea.Even worse, you can get perk and different upgrade that give an advantage in game but not in a fun kinda way, you don't got them at start you need to unlock them ofcourse,  just to make the game less balance.I am pretty sure the game will get better with tons of expensive DLC and crap but it will be to late, in a month or two no one will want to buy it knowing that they will be disavantaged because they do not have all the perk and crap.Also if you want to play with your friend and he did not play as much as you did he will not have any perk and will be a disadvantage for your team, this is very stupid considering the game is meant to be played with friends.I feel bad forgiving money to the people who made this. Mostly becauseof the unlockable perk and crap that destroy fairness."
,Not Recommended,273350,14475244,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,wrathofthepast1,Suffers from imbalance issues. Without a certain set of hunters for a certain monster the hunters are easily overwhelmed. 1 Shots are somewhat common and getting armor as a monster is insanely easy with the amount of distance you can put between the hunters. Fix the issues with certain characters being good only against certain monsters (ie Land mines are nearly useless vs a flying Kraken).
76561197968398206,Not Recommended,273350,16044423,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Locust Star,"Don't waste your money, Evolve is dead."
,Recommended,273350,16747929,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Bubblegum,"-Through an array of intelligent design choices, developer Turtle Rock Studios has created a smart, asymmetric, multiplayer monster-hunting game that plays unlike anything else. It’s tactically deep, bursting with character, and once you get past its mildly obtrusive progression system, it offers a level of nuance rarely found in multiplayer shooters.Turtle Rock extends that “easy to learn, hard to master” virtue across most of the experience and Evolve benefits immensely from it.-The monster needs to move quickly and carefully, balancing the need to put distance between itself and the hunters with the need to find food to level up. It’s ahigh-stakes tightrope act that requires good map knowledge, and a strong grasp of the monster’s surprising number of non-combat abilities like climbing, sneaking, and sniffing around. For as effectively as they exude an intimidating physical presence, playing the monster successfully requires patience and skill. Overpowering the hunters is really just your reward for outsmarting them, which makes ripping them to shreds as a max-level monster feel just as satisfying as it looks and sounds.-As the hunters, the continually interesting challenge is to find a cunning monster that doesn’t want to be found amidst the sprawling and beautifully realized planet of Shear. Fresh tracks and startled birds are among the more obvious clues, but following them like a bread crumb trail is rarely enough. You need to reason out where the monster is headed, and make effective use of your team’s amusing sci-fi gadgets. You might tag tempting wildlife with a tracking dart, so that when the monster eats it you can get a bead on its location, or pursue a monster with an unmanned drone to relay his position to your teammates. Since every second that passes without the monster in your crosshairs is another step closer to it becoming nigh-unstoppable, hunts are every bit as thrilling as they are nuanced. Though it’s hard to take it all in when you’re embroiled in an intense monster fight, Evolve looks and sounds remarkably good. The ground rumbles deeply with Goliath’s every step,  Kraken’s Lightning Strikes light up the screen, Wraith's extraordinary agility, and Behemoth the ""tank of a monster"" who can morph into a massive, sending Hunters tumbling in every which direction while startled wildlife scatter in fear.-Each individual element is well executed, but combined as whole during a match’s most pitched moments, the complete picture really is a sight to behold.The true beauty of Evolve, though, is in the subtle details that flesh out its world, its characters, and its mechanics.Very high reccommended.9/10"
76561198007214177,Not Recommended,273350,14431401,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,khilan,"I realy dont see why there was so much hype about this game ..... it gets kinda boring after 2 days doing the same thing over and over again, hunters cant sprint and u have to use ur jetpack when it runs low on fuel the monster can simply run away  ... Also no SLI support, lights flicker and all the usual suspects! and ofc theres always something to buyon the STORE !!!!!..."
76561198071853213,Not Recommended,273350,15588318,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,xManwaxeRx,"THis is my first ever review and this one will be pretty damn easy.This game was a complete rip off. They sold you the buns of a burger for $69.99 and wanted to charge you $20.00 for the meat, $15.99 for the onions and $10.99 for the cheese. Followed by ""you can only have the mustard if you ordered the burger 6 weeks in advance, and you cant have the burger until you only have 2 bites left"".This game sold half of itself and forced you to pay for the rest of it which made it an incomplete game. The amount that they make you pay for it is rediculous and frankly I dont think I will ever pay for a game made by them again.Not recommenedededed."
76561198076685872,Recommended,273350,24169663,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Venam Snek,I'm really happy the devs made the choice to make it into a free to play game. the community went from 200-300 per day to 11000! i loved this game and was sad to see it die like it did but this seems to have revived it.
,Not Recommended,273350,14471026,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Grand Menace,"Most of the game play for this game takes place with a group of uncoordinated hunters chasing down a monster that does laps around the map for about 10 minuets in order to get level 3 to ensure victory. The matches seem very one sided 99% of the time.If your looking to play with just one other friend this is not the game for you. When it is just you and a friend in a party neither of you are eligible to be the monster, and you will probably end up with two other players that will throw the game for you in one way or another, or spend 10 minuets without ever seeing the monster until he is strong enough to crush you in one encounter. The only semi-fun part about this game is playing solo monster due to the fact that evading/leveling is at least doing something unlike the hunters constant mundane chase of blue flashing footprints. Even though I say being the monster is semi-fun it is also difficult with a steep learning curve that will turn average players away making them suffer though the endless chase of being a hunter.In conclusion this game is either a solo play or a four player on coms type of game. I don’t see this game having a lasting community due to the ""one person has fun while four people get frustrated"" style. There are way better single player games out there, and there are way better four player games out there. If this is the game for you, be prepared to shell out some serious money to stay on top with their free-to-play inspired micro transaction DLC pricing model. With that said, I do not recommend this game"
,Not Recommended,273350,22134733,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Clicky,"Evolve was one of the coolest and most unique gaming experiences I had in and around 2015 but like most people my thrill for the game slowly died as the game presented numerous delays, unfulfilled potential and a lot of disappointed players. It goes without saying that Evolve has a brilliant style and unique game-play that me and♥♥♥♥♥♥loads of other people clearly adore, but every small packed game gets boring no matter how great it is. Players quickly got bored and eventually put the game aside and honestly it makes the game feel empty to this day. If you could go back in time to early 2015 then by all means get the game, but sadly it's too late for this dead game.6/10"
76561198093524672,Not Recommended,273350,14459339,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,abdulghni,What is it differ from other multigamer came togethr And play online for so much money you have to pay whats the problem with asking price every upgrade or dlc or weaponGreed became the moto
,Recommended,273350,16300913,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Cal,A very good game that took a big hit because of dumb day 1 dlc that doesn't affect much.Lower the price to $30 and it'll be perfect.
76561197968475019,Not Recommended,273350,14476635,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,FlashStep,"The gameplay is awesome, of course sense it's a team based game playing with random people in matchmaking can be a drag sometimes but I wont fault the game for that because every team game has this issue. Just look at the toxic LoL game...It's a shame they want so much money for what this is, the content that is there is fun but very limited. How many times can you rinse and repeat the same thing over and over before you get bored? I would say that new maps, game modes, hunters and monsters is something to look forward too and could definately make this game even better but we all know that those additions will cost as much as another premium AAA game itself which is dissapointing.It's sad what is happening to games these days. They release with bugs that devs knew about, simple online modes fail, or in Evolves case, they want cash for every upgrade and not only that but they want A LOT of cash for these upgrades. Skins for a single hunter should not be $7 especially because it's only for weapons.TLDR: I would recommend playing this but honestly I hope people wait until either the price drops, (If that ever happens with these greedy game dev's and publisher,) or just buy the standard game if this is really something you think you will enjoy without having to dish out another $100 for the cool kid stuff."
76561198005650811,Recommended,273350,14523155,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Melas,Evolve is a fun asymmetrical FPS. It’s at its best when playing with friends.A lot of the negative comments about day one DLC’s seem to be unfounded as they’re mostly cosmetic and don’t add to the game.They could have done a better job explaining the differences between the game editions.
,Not Recommended,273350,14430591,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,TheTartanTerrorist,"A poorly optimized game that is almost unplayable with the latest drivers installed, a graphics card far better than the minimum/recommended version and large FPS drops during start-up phase and during the game, aswell as glitchy audio and voice stutters from the AI and characters.I assumed this game had potential and maybe it still does, but the amount of DLC for the game makes it just another 'lets get rich' scheme from 2K games.All in all I wouldn't recommend this game."
,Recommended,273350,30225000,Posted: 27 February,all,Grimstock,"As matchmaking games go, this have to be one of the good games where instead of 5 on 5, 6 vs 6, etc usual format, one player can play as the monster who will be kinda underfoot against 4 player team, at first, who have different roles to play as in a pack who will be out for his/her blood and must run away hoping not to be caught in a dome while trying to be even with them or be more powerful through eating the wildlife or being damaged. I also happen to like how the roles being play out slightly different by the characters in Assault, Medic, Support, and Trapper roles like for example the Lazarus, instead of being run of the mill healer he is capable of bringing anyone back from the dead if at first doesn't get eaten by the Monster and support his teammates' damage output by creating weakpoints to shoot at.Dialogue happen to be one of those good moments, and as well serving those humor or hiliarious moments, while waiting to be dropped before the game actually begins or during in-game and does serves well in expositing the universe, abadoned equipments/towns/etc that's laying around waiting for a specific character to approach and talk with someone if they happen to be in the fireteam together. Those prep speeches given by 1 of 2 Support characters, Hank or Cabot, are actually neat with a few interjets. Moreso in case of Hank as he's doing gear check with the team members.Only flaw, as far as seen from a mile away, with this game is lack of contents, also organized story posts for the Steam community by the developers so we latecomers can catch up on in,  and they could added in a panel to opt for the Deepest Dark map matches and keep the Evacuation mode in even if story moved on with the hunters being stranded on the planet of Shear to allow the Tier 5 hunters to make a entrance. Also they could have made a few game tunes for those persuits and during dome fights. I wonder if there will be more games coming in later with similiar game concept or even this game's sequel, which I'm thinking it would be somewhat similiar to XCOM if 5th hunter role happen to be the Commander with eagle's eye or standard RTS view to provide some sort of orbital aids and player-controlled minion(s).All in all, I think this game is good even if it present some glaring flaws content wise and story catch-up. Edit: The game also have a lot of potential, if weren't for the poor marketing moves within months of being actually launched at first, to turn the game into more of a cosmic horror story."
76561198014896114,Not Recommended,273350,14803480,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Amoun,"This game is not worth $70, let alone a friggin 100 for the pack. The most I would hav e given for this, would have been $29, max....and even then, only if I did not know how this game is.This just goes beyond the definition of a twisted milking of gamers. Ok, ok, fine perhaps paying for certain game content isn't al that bad and I am not, by any means, against it....but thsi model, is just plain stupid. Oh, sorry, I forgot, the ""families depended on it"".This feels almost like a justification for scamming someone and then saying ""oh...I'm sorry, it's just that...I depended on your money D: ""Season pass without knowing what it is? Reptitive game modes? RIDICULOUS prices for skins? Did I mention repetitive game modes?This has replay value of just a few hours because then you quiet quickly figure out your skills and what is best for what mode. Winning got dull, losing got dull.......I have no idea who decided to charge friggin $70 for this game. The only justification is the developer comes out with new free and exciting DLC every few months (Edit: read below). And by DLC I do not mean skin packs that you have to pay for and then unlock, by DLC I mean new and actually exciting game modes, maps that do not look identical except for a few different giant structures here and there, etc.EDIT: So the new monster came out today. March 30th. So now that you have paid $100 for a 20$ game, you have to pay almost $20 for A monster. $20, for one playable character. Wow..........so much for ""season pass"". For $20 other games give you actual DLC, with content. Not 3 new hunters and a $20 new monster (I still can't get over this. I'm laughing and crying at the same time). Lesson well learned."
,Recommended,273350,24225320,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Treetop-kun,Free to play was what this game needed.
76561198015083177,Not Recommended,273350,14766679,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,TURBOCANCER,Gets boring very fast. Not worth what it costs. I've played free to play games for longer than this kept my attention and never payed a cent. It feels just like any old multiplayer only game and does not provide any compelling reason to continue playing nor justify the purchase. I'm mad because I spent $80 getting the extra dlc but now have no real intent on ever seeing any of it because it makes no real difference. The game is just gonna be the same no matter what ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t they add. I feel like I spent all that money for them to make a bunch of maps and characters that I don't give a ♥♥♥♥ about instead of a compelling experience.
76561198156218096,Recommended,273350,17967793,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,zebmchargue,"I have read a lot of negative stuff about this game, and for the longest time did not even think about getting it because of all the negative reviews it has gotten.I have to say, I am very satisfied with this game. Sure, hunting can get boring, but more than likely it just means you need to get better at hunting. People say it is just doing the same thing over and over again, and basically that is true, but for me it changes drastically depending on which character I have chose, and what characters the other players have picked.I feel like the developers went for a game that was not supposed to be won by the hunters unless they were actually trying to do it right. If you want Call of Duty: Monsters, this is not it.If you are looking for something different, that is challenging and new, Evolve may very well make your day. It has for me anyways."
,Recommended,273350,24175111,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Trazire,"as long i get someone to play it on multiplayer without waiting to long, i really dont care if it change to f2pgood game btw (even for someone who didnt to much like multiplayer fps like me) 8/10*note : please make separate entry in library for legacy evolve, it annoying to change it everytime i want to play single player. i hope dev read this"
,Not Recommended,273350,14805867,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,kbomb,"Horrible waste of money, I do not recommend buying this game solely because of the balancing failures and extensive ""cash-grab"" DLC. Please do not buy into this garbage game and become part of the solution not the problem.Edit: Don't worry guys its only 15$ for every new monster......."
76561198002567165,Not Recommended,273350,14435939,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,DragonRest,"DLC, gotta buy 'em all!151 DLC is waiting for you!"
,Recommended,273350,25898411,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Doccy - God's Perfect Idiot,"Now, I know what you might be thinking.""Ohh Doccy but every review is saying that the store prices tripled and I have to spend weeks just to get a new character!"" And while yes, the store prices were increased, I'll bet almost all those reviews neglected to tell you about some of the other stuff.First, there's a very generous Daily Login system, that gives free Keys, skins and even characters FOR FREE.Second, there's this thing called Accolades. They're basically a set of Achievements for each character, that when completed give Keys with which you can purchase stuff.So while yeah, it's gonna take a while to get a new character, people are blowing it out of proportion. Don't let that throw you off if you're debating whether to try Stage 2 out. And remember, Stage 2 has the grand price of ""♥♥♥♥in' nothing!"", so what do you have to lose?Just please don't be one of those people who bash this game because they have to put some time in to unlock more content, FFS!"
76561198035784870,Not Recommended,273350,15200107,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Cthulhutistic,"Oh look, I have to pay ten pound for what is ment to be an included, updated,  feature? GO ♥♥♥♥ YOUR SELF BEASTS."
76561198009381204,Recommended,273350,24178724,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,RexTenebris,"I have enjoyed this game through Alpha, Beta and Release. I admit the DLC was utterly ridiculous and was a slight scam. However, going free to play was probably the best idea that they have had, the game has actually revivied my excitement for it. All the skins in the game are now unlockable through in game currency which you get by finishing matches. No ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t DLC or marketing, funny thing is, is that they have gone from Scammy Triple A to the most fair free to play game ever, IMO. Honestly give it a try, I think it's great!"
76561198032147217,Not Recommended,273350,23189622,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,crazy triangle,"I bought evolve when it first came out. The gameconcept was fun at first, you know 4 v1 etc. The graphics were good so were a few maps with friends. The thing is it got repetitive really quick. The balancing got worse and worse. It ended up being one of those games that was sold exclusively through hype. My advice unless u have 4 friends who are willing to play with u and its on sale for less than 10$ don't waste your time or money"
,Not Recommended,273350,16833500,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,ProCryonicX™ [ᵇˡˢ],I paid 60€ for this. Biggest regret in gaming so far. Now it's F2P. Waited for the game to get good but it unfortunately never did. Biggest reason being the scummy and greedy developers. Sucks to see such an amazing concept being thrown in the trash.
76561198047872513,Not Recommended,273350,21995727,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Ashlao,"I made a terrible mistake,I regret this more than DayZ.That should speak volumes"
,Not Recommended,273350,24251531,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Hulknasty,"I'm going to break this down for you guys. Evolve on original release was an amazing game that i paid $100 dollars for and put 144 hours into before quitting but only quitting because of a lack of player base which is due to a lack of marketing and promotion for this game. While on the subject on lack of marketing they are on round 2 of that because I didn't even know about Evolve Stage 2 until it was out. Then they tell me all my leaderboard stats are all gone and my elite skins are all gone but dont worry i can keep all the pos skins they came out with for the $100 i paid for the now free to play game. Also heres a free 3000 silver coins but dont worry 3000 isnt♥♥♥♥♥♥when u login for the first time to recieve 1500 and find out level 1 perks cost 1k-2.5k. Then I find out big streamers that are playing are being given 100k coins by the devs... seriously guys?? going to give streamers 100k coins to play ur game and ♥♥♥♥ over all the founders who paid $60-100 for this game and put a lot of time into it. As 1 of the founders i think i speak for must of us by saying thanks for that big slap in the face, we essentially paid for the re-release of this game and u guys just screwed us over. Now let me finally talk gameplay - 1 of the biggest things i dont like is how the new dome system works main part being i dont like that everyone can use it and i dont like how it is brought down. the trapper should be the only one to trap the monster once again. the monster also feels to be alot faster as i find it alot harder to keep up with him now than in the previous version. By that i mean i used to be able to chase down the monster and he had to choose between trying to juke us so he could go kill and eat or turn and fight, now it seem as though the monster can fairly easily run away from u, kill wildlife, and eat it before you can get close enough. Hope this helps some people RIP Evolve you will be missed and F you Devs"
76561198084272152,Not Recommended,273350,22983003,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,If91,"Fun for the first game to third one. Then you realise that every game is the exact same that the charactors have as much differnce as the grass in your front yard. At most they just look differnt or do the same thing in a slightly differnt way.Edit: this is for the beta. i have played as monster and human and i have to say. they sucked any life fun or appeal out of this game like a vampire in a blood bank. the monster now with certain combos of perks can be invincable and i do mean 100% invincable the humans feel like they mine as well be throwing rocks at the monster. the ""training"" isnt training you for anything. its just a bot match with a new name. the game went from ""meh"" to &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; in one update. some how by making it free to play and ""adding more"" they took all the fun out of it."
76561198015017230,Not Recommended,273350,14429174,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Cyber Shadow,"Stage 1 Review! Note : I pre-purchased Monster Race editionHey! Finally this game is out. After years of hype it's out! I got a little worried because a few hours before release I was watching streams of other regions and it was discovered that the game shipped with some kind of ""mouse bug"" where sometimes the UI mouse would stay visable while ""in action"" (while you're moving around and aiming your gun you would see your mouse crusor dancing across the screen which was pretty distracting/annoying, also the mouse would not be visable in game menus, making selection difficult).But, I held fast. I figured it was just a bug and would be fixed.I got into the game and after some technical difficulties was finally able to play. And I will say it was refreshing. This is definatly not another ""Call of Duty, shoot em up"". This game requires strategy and teamwork on BOTH sides(well i guess minus the teamwork part for the monster).I have to say I had a blast. I played solo, co-op and PvP. My only complaint was the poor matchmaking system. I absolutly HATE joining games that are already in progress, but you'll find yourself in this situation a few times with no option to filter ""games in progress"" out.I am seeing the repition in maps already though. And the Nest/Rescue modes are practically only mirror opposites to eachother, and matches where nobody uses a mic are kinda dull.Now the main bit everyone is biting on right now : the pricing and DLC. I do have to say. It has become CLEAR that the decision to announce day one DLC along with some extreame pre-order options has hurt the game's affiliation with the community. I do kinda agree now after playing that, the game really doesn't have enough content to support $60+ purchase. Imagine Left 4 Dead 2, with more survivors, less zombies, and much much shorter maps. I'm notcing average HUNT games are lasting 10-15 minutes, and it's either just Golaith running until he gets cornered, or Kraken dominating a team from Stage 2.I will keep playing. But..do I reccomend for this price in current state? Probably not.One more dissapointing note : The monster skins., If you purchase them with the idea of League of Legends champion skins in mind. Just think of every Monster skin in the game as a Riot Girl Tristana. Just a very small recolor of a bit of patches of skin. Nothing worth the money....All in all : It's a good game. But the price tag with future content being DLC is where 90% of the let down is at."
76561198067966467,Not Recommended,273350,24166851,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Allah Haxbar,"well i paid 60 euro for this game and now its free, can i have my money back now or what?"
,Not Recommended,273350,14437228,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Deadmoose,"In the beta it was pretty much a polished game, however it felt lacking in content.Now they've just tacked on tons of DLC, the price point is completely ludacris, Its around 100usd for me to purchase this game with a season pass.Matchmaking Is unreliable and slow"
,Recommended,273350,24161220,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Daddy,"So to all the people complaining this game is going F2P.Click this link and scroll about half way downhttp://www.evolveupdates.com/stage2/Find the section about founders:19+ characters56 skins3000 silver keysPerksexclusive badges (animated)What F2P get:4 characters and 1 killer that rotates weeklyyou have not wasted your money, You are being rewarded grasiously.There is no down side to what they have done. enjoy the game :)"
76561198067409204,Not Recommended,273350,28776001,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Hamurai,Matchmaking is horrible. Can't join on mates game when there is an open slot. This functionality is basic.
,Recommended,273350,17837574,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Mongolia dota,frag casuals. imo skill is a huge factor in enjoyment. yes the damage buffs for putting in level grinds are a little ♥♥♥♥♥ for a fair learning curve but whatever in the end its all wortht the good sport. 9/10
76561197969417488,Not Recommended,273350,14433122,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,BISH KILL!,"Deciding to split up the game into tiers that cost up to $100 is the reason you should avoid this game. The 30-40 people I’ve spoke to about this game, including myself, all agree. This game costs too much.  Back in the day a $60 game would get you a AAA title with all the bells and whistles. A GOOD developer would release a game, and it was up to the player base to make the mods/community that kept the multiplayer going forever and ever until they released a better updated version of the game entirely (see counterstrike).  Now they take the mod tools away and say ""we'll provide the updates thank you, now give us money"" and instead the player community dies in a couple of months because no one is going to dish out a million bux.TL;DR: The only reason I have this game is because I had a bunch of steam cash from selling a weapons in CSGO."
,Not Recommended,273350,14729577,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Garrela,"A fun, but for all purposes unrewarding game that is definitely not worth the asking price. The DLC is absurd, and if you grab the season pass, don't expect to get any of the monsters with it, ( I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not, the Monsters aren't going to be included in the Season Pass, just four(?) new hunters (Src.http://evolvegame.com/news/how-does-evolve-dlc-work).)so any monster is going to cost $15 extra, on top of the season pass. There are skins for both the monsters and the hunters weapons, but as cosmetics they're really not worth mentioning. (They're also REALLY expensive)"
76561197965559339,Recommended,273350,29997777,Posted: 17 February,all,Angelus,"Played 120hrs so far and it is a fun little game. Beautiful visuals and it is easy to just join and play 2-3 matches in 30 mins. Doesn't get boring since you get to play different characters in different classes, each with their unique abilities that takes time to master. It is a 4 vs 1, so it doesn't lag or anything, runs smooth on an i3 with gtx 950 with most settings maxed, best of all it's free, give it a try.PS: There were connection issues and it would randomly kick you out before a match but those are all fixed. Just need more active players, finding a group takes 10 mins sometimes."
76561198008767991,Recommended,273350,28241236,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Nero,"Great game, too bad the devs cut the funding."
76561198061804923,Not Recommended,273350,15632974,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,[DTA]Chainers,"I really actually want to give this game the thumbs up, I've played many hours since the Big Beta and loved it. It's a great 4v1 game with a really cool spin and a welcome change to a lot of the same ol FPS that are out there. However, all this said it has got stagnant.....I think the game while very simple needs to be a bit broader in its offer particulary given the cost. It's also a real shame so many people have stopped playing this game and therefore has lead to even more people quitting (including myself) because it's impossible to get a full player lobby these days. Let's hope the developers act to bring people back because this game has a lot to offer. My thoughts it really needs a solid campaign added and they need to cut this DLC BS, create a better multi player environment and this game will rock."
76561198044666131,Not Recommended,273350,29629104,Posted: 1 February,all,artimusbartimus2,"Well, I am disappointed now.  I am one of those players that choose to play offline.  That's why I liked the first version of evolve.  Now, I am not so thrilled with the game.  What happened? It does not even feel like the same game. The characters seem to behave differently.  Well, I guess another game goes to my vaults of OH WELLS! It's sad, because I paid for the game when it came out!"
76561197970738777,Not Recommended,273350,14458054,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,screamout,"Boring with little or no replayability, boring cutscenes, boring, boring, boring."
76561197970619692,Not Recommended,273350,14428742,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,carrera,"I was excited about this game with all the hype. I rushed home from work to play it and after a couple of hours I'm thinking: it's just ok.It got repititious for me and I felt like I was playing team fortess. You know kind of mindless and you just keep going over and over.The graphics are beautiful and the multiplayer connection was fine, but as much as I tried to like it, I wish I had my $60 back in my account."
76561197970397865,Not Recommended,273350,14427856,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Sysyphus300021,Yeah Ill wait till the have the game on sale. Not Paying $100 for the full game.
76561198071753523,Recommended,273350,24154912,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,DruggedBatman,"It's good, just the community just died."
,Recommended,273350,19658938,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,boegie,miss this price glitch so much <3
,Not Recommended,273350,29722462,Posted: 5 February,all,Internet Knight,"I'd love to reccomend this game, the game itself is fun, but as there isn't going to be any more balance changes and additions, I just can't reccomend it anymore.And for players who had previously owned this game before it went F2P I also can't reccomend coming back as the rewards they promised ended along with the development of this game."
76561198056915987,Not Recommended,273350,14919501,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,HOT STREAK,"Paid 80 bucks... regret...3 hunters in each class, but some of them are plain useless, you could safely say about 1 in each of the classes are  completely useless in multiplayer (cept maybe the hunters, cos their strengths and weaknesses are pretty balanced... aka, they're all equally weak).Overpowered wraith (too easy to get to 3, max out decoy, and if you can, find the 50% buff).Tactics become pretty straight forward after a while for monsters, run, eat, hide, if oppos split up... ambush for free kill, if oppos stick, you will NEVER get caught -Once you've played enough, game gets really repititive, and the GFX hardware demands are really high for this game for any level of smoothness.Lack of critical number of players due to stupidly high entry costs (and hardward reqs) also means that currently, it takes a stupid amount of time for a game to begin, and they are rarely filled nowadays too.Perhaps the best way to deal with the issues is to enable even lower quality gfx settings, more game balancing, and either one of the two - More content (because seriously, this game doesn't feel like what it's costing...), OR, reduce the DAMN PRICE.There's just not enough players taking up this game to make the sole online element smooth."
76561197970266756,Not Recommended,273350,22128563,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Mythrandur,"Biggest disappointment in years, not because of the game, which has potential, but because of the flawed business model and stagnant game modes that have not developed."
,Not Recommended,273350,14430113,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Curly Spencil,"The game mode ""Hunt"", the primary game mode, is quite possibly one of the most boring multiplayer game modes to ever grace a video game.  It was fun the first 2 or 3 times but quickly became down right frustrating, given that you spend a bulk of the match trying to find the monster with little else to do, and it just runs away until stage 3.  You do this over.... and over.... and over.  Now, I'm not the best player but even if I could play this game with my eyes shut, I'd just keep them closed and sleep.There needs to be more game modes.  To make ""Hunt"" actually fun, Turtle Rock should of had 2 teams fighting it out to take down the monster for a bounty, all while the monster does what it does now.The game does look good and it plays decent.  There just isn't enough there and what is there is just flat out boring."
76561198046643977,Not Recommended,273350,14428377,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,CherryBoyHunter,"The amount of publishers pushing unfinished games and charging for day one dlc is ridiculous... $60 for a multilayer only cat and mouse game that was already making dlc for the future pre-launch... For the price I payed I should of gotten way more, the future dlc needs to be completely free for even the slightest chance at redemption. If I could get a refund I would. Don't waste your money, just wait for a significant price drop. My new rule of thumb is not to buy a game that launches with a season pass on day one, there all just unfinished games in which the devs plan on pulling more cash from you in the future to complete your experience. Not worth more than $20 for the content, $60 maybe if they decide to release the future dlc free to complete their game."
76561197995240688,Not Recommended,273350,16552339,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Jesusmann,"I spent around 70 hours with this game. I enjoyed it in the beginning and most of that time was logged during the Alpha and Beta weekends. Since there was a timeframe I played as much as I could in that time.I purchased the $100 PC monster race edition, I was excited! So excited! Only to be let down...The new modes they talked about before release seemed better than they really are. They're all garbage and just distractions to the main mode. The real mode that is different is Defend but it only exists after complete 4 rounds on evacuation. How lame, the only mode that is actually different requires you to play other games to even start.What happens with the game and why it isn't good is because the normal mode gets repetitive, sure it was fun and I did grind a lot of hours but that was just to unlock the other Hunters. Wowie, after unlocking everyone there was no reason to play and I realised how empty it really was. Unfortunately they added DLC and it just wasn't worth it. Yeah more Hunters and another monster?! Still same boring gameplay that I've done already. Also the balance isn't there. Literally all the Medics are worthless aside from Lazerus. Why? You get beat down to death and die. Lazerus can cloak and escape.They added a new Arena mode, I think it was a very welcomed addition and actually gets rid of the repetitive nature of hunting the monster. I just feel like they need something new. Something more. 5 v 5 monster brawls. 8 hunters vs 2 monsters. 8 v 8 hunters or just 4 v 4. Sure some items will be obsolete, but they can just swap them out!All the content is being shoved into the DLC and not the core game. It is very sad, I cry. I'm sure most people know this already but at least you can hear it from someone with enough hours to feel ashamed."
,Not Recommended,273350,16527794,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Ayy,"A dead game and regrettable purchase, tacked on with a ""milk the consumer"" dlc scheme. gameplay repetitive, though fun is severely lacking due to how quickly the consumer base vanished. Just shows, people don't like being taken for a ride around the popular dlc culture especially when it's overpriced. Would not recommend even on sale due to severe lack of content, unless it is 5 dollars and with a group of friends. This game will undoubtedly be featured on a humble bundle given how low the playerbase is. (500) concurrent players compared to launch of around 27k"
76561198106144928,Not Recommended,273350,24209022,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Rawger,"oh my god... you just made this game free to play... its just like letting all the wildlings pass through the wall!!! Congrats! you just invited barbarians with loud mouths that didnt even spend a single penny to this♥♥♥♥♥♥ WE PAID 50$ for this♥♥♥♥♥♥and plus cause i pre-ordered it... and you thought we remained loyal to you? dafq does it look like we have a choice?! WE CANT GET A REFUND FOR THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥since it took almost an hour to find a match! And what do we get?! the stuff we already had and a digital badge?! dafq are we going to do with a badge?! Yes its easier to find a match now but with who? SAVAGES?! I almost forgot to mention we founders are rewarded with 3000 silver coins... THAT YOU COULD JUST EARN BY PLAYING! We bought♥♥♥♥♥♥cause you cant unlock them before by playing and now you f2p spoonfeeders are able to get our♥♥♥♥♥♥just by playing! And whats our difference? our badge?! talk to steam, turtle rock and make an arrangement to let us get a refund excluding the 2hr gameplay limit rules and 2wks after purchase rule!!! THIS IS INJUSTICE! so yah this is what the devs repay their founders! You could already see how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ they are... this is considered as an act of insult you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s! I HOPE YOU DEVS SEE THIS!"
,Not Recommended,273350,24207645,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,d.stoynev,"[EDIT]Well, damn! I never thought I'll be writing these lines...It turns out the devs finally listened to the community and compensated hefty the poor ranting folks like me. I decided to see how the game progresses and what ro I see? I've been thrown at a fat amount of in-game currency which allowed me to purchase what I previously had, plus more.It's nice to see the full lobbies and to have all the characters. Now I only miss the old single player modes and some video optimizations. Who knows, one day I may even put  a 'Recommended' tag on this one?[ORIGINANL]Hello Everyone,This is NOT a review, rather why many people feel their bütts hurt after what these guys did to us.It all began with the hype. Game idea was not original, but it was decent and promising. Graphics were there (courtesy of Cryengine), fabula was there, mechanics were there, hell, voice acting and soundtrack were there! So, what went wrong?Here is what. A bunch of greedy people decided to starve the game of basic content, so they can later push it as really expensive DLCs. A classic 'head in the clouds'!The pain from the barren multiplayer lobbies and only-2-characters-selection was almost over and forgotten, when out of the blue, the very same guys decided to pour more salt in the wound.To make early adopters feel even worse, they made the game free, leaving the poor guys who paid in the past with a big middle finger in their faces.Yes, developers deserve a second chance! And they had it! And guess what, instead of reviving the old community (the early adopters, payers, people who really cared about the game) by unlocking the rest of the content for free, they went for even bigger money grab...Moral of the story? Stay the hell away from this one."
76561198010877775,Recommended,273350,24176227,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,[SC]Aly,ITS ALIVE! (EVOLVE stage 2 reveiw)its amazing they did this for the game its alive and  playable again :D and i love it!
,Recommended,273350,24171359,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Ryuz4ki,"F2P was the best thing for this, good job turtle rock. And before giving a negative review because its f2p and you paid something, ♥♥♥♥ing read what you get for what you paid now. see ya"
,Recommended,273350,19999883,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,acoustic kid,"Evolve...For starters i think this game doesn't get as much recognition as it should, but thats my opinion.At first i thought that it wouldn't be very balanced, but it was. Even though its a 4v1 the ""monster"" gets to select 3 abilities it wants to learn or even use all of those points to excel at one ability. The players get to select their hero and select a perk, aswel as the ""monster"".Once the game startes the ""monster"" is going to have alot of pressure on him because he knows he needs to gtfo of the starting place because very soon the hunters will arrive via a spaceship.The hunters will have to act quickly to find the ""monster"" because once he evolves, it will be significantly harder to kill him (he also gets the choice on how to spend the 3 skill points on each stage) at stage 3 the ""monster"" will be VERY hard to kill, unless the hunters have drained some of his health at the start which cannot be regained unless the ""monster"" knows the spawn locations for tyrants (has an appearance of a large crocodile) and he gets a health regen buff as he is feeding upon the tyrant. Once the tyrant is defeated by the hunters/monster it makes a deep roar which can be heard far away. (Thanks to Volvorine who helped me correct the review)Overall, i think this game is worth getting, its not repetitive because every scenario is different (most heros have their own way of discovering the monster) and is balanced which i am surprised about."
,Not Recommended,273350,16672766,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,DikLicker injects LSD,"Evolve is not worth 60 USD. The game is fun for the first two days, then it gets extremely repetitive. Also, there are too many DLCs... I will not be playing this game again and I wish I could refund... Although it is way past two weeks... I do not recommend this game to anyone, unless you can somehow get it for 10 USD. I'm warning you guys, this game is boring.EDIT: It's F2P now, it's probably worth downloading if you have friends to play with."
,Not Recommended,273350,16668840,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,O'Brien,The game was fun but offered only so much replayability before it gets old.  Game modes function the same.  Had no bug problems though They clearly exist.My biggest issue is the fact that they think charging us so much money is unbelievable.  What would have made the game was the ability to earn it in game.If only people played...
,Not Recommended,273350,14476731,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Chainshot,"Like playing the monster, because thats probably what you're going to play.  Selecting team preference is like filling out the army dream sheet.  Just because you say you want to play as anything but the monster obviously means you want to play as the monster.What made L4D2 fun was everyone switched up in versus, not here.  Here its a you're not on a team so you can play as the monster which at low levels is garbage.  I really tempted to give up this game off of that.  Until some revisions are made, I wont reccomend it.  I wont give up hope, but this needs to be fixed."
,Not Recommended,273350,14472231,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,The Holy Twig,"Markov scanned the jungle floor, searching for monster tracks hidden under the darkness of the verdant jungle canopy.The other hunters lied dead behind him - friends, now reduced to piles of meat by the ravaging beast they had come to kill.  It had torn through his suit and his stomach, but one hand was enough to hold his gun as he used the other to stop his innards from spilling out onto the ground.  They had weakened it, but it fled from him, and he just needed to find it and put it down to avenge his friends.It was only when he heard the growls behind him that he realized he didn't have to find the beast.  It had already found him.Markov screamed, ""Goliath!  I will hang your head on my wall!"" and pulled the trigger on his assault rifle.As the bullets plinked harmlessly against the bleeding beast's thick skin Markov realized with horror that he hadn't paid the extra $20 for the ""Damage-dealing-ammunition"" DLC.The monster swung its powerful arm, thick as a tree-trunk, into Markov and sent him flying through the air, where he glitched out and started breakdancing for no particular reason as his mouse cursor suddenly appeared on his screen.  Markov watched helplessly as the monster swaggered over, holding bags of money in each claw, and crushed him to death under its preorder bonuses.Storytime over.3/10Pros:+Decent game+Fun gameplay while it lasts+Feels like hunting a monster through a jungle.Cons:- Literally one game mode with custom game modes so indistinguishable from the basic mode that it would take modders two weeks to create them in their free time, like if Halo had been sold for $60 with no campaign or non Deathmatch game options.- I have played $20 games with more content and passion put into them than this $60 game.- You would be better off spending $3 on an Orion: Prelude 4-pack to play with friends.- No, really.  Evolve offers less content than a game that costs literally exactly the same amount of money as a can of coke.- Game is built as a DLC cash grab, much like the ""Sims"" games - except that the Sims at least wait for a bit before releasing their shameless DLC, including features that should have been included in a full price retail game anyway.Bottom line?I'll still be playing games like Left 4 Dead and Orion: Prelude next year.My friends will be lucky if they can convince me to play another repetitive round or two of Evolve as I mourn $60 that would have been better spent on cheaper games with more to offer."
76561198070745292,Not Recommended,273350,15548616,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Ap0the0sis,"Games needs better balance. Odds seem on monsters side 9/10 of the matches. Game needs full focus from every hunter to beat monster in which playing alone your not going to get; therefore, losing happens often as hunters. Wraith needs a nerf matches last like 20 minutes are a waste of time because monster is often running away the entire match just to level up and be undefeatable by a shoddy team of randoms who can't pin a monster down that teleports the instant we get a shield down. Hunters should come standard with health regeneration. Some hunters down right suck and are entirely useless to the game. Many problems with the game to include falling out of map, lack of vote out crappy player option, invisibility being useless half the time, monsters heavy reliance on damage perks to win with relative ease."
,Recommended,273350,31658142,Posted: 9 May,all,JELEZNIY_DROVOSEK,Perfect game!!!! I like !!
,Not Recommended,273350,12760962,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Hooliquent,"Fun game, costs too much.$60/10"
,Recommended,273350,17903456,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Shin,"I've played the game for awhile, but I'll put it simply. The game is good, the people going off about DLC know nothing about how it was marketed, only what they heard from other morons. Tends to spread like wildfire, as people aren't able to make their own opinions about something. Try it, and make your own opinion on the game."
,Not Recommended,273350,14503130,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,$*#! • tRansilvania66 #oke,"Isn't a game of 50€, first contact I found few bugs and game causes spawning bugs while play , still seems a RC yet and not a finally product. Launch day game have 11-12 diferent DLC (skins,etc).Game needs a system for punish or award people that makes a good teamplay, game have same problem as L4D game series (leave>enter>leave>enter) Oops bad experience playing with random people.I play beta-game near 10-15h of experience and I can say this game doesn't cause me any incentive to continue playing.As a buyer of pre-purchase of Evolve I can say I'm indignant and I don't recomend buy this game at 50€. Game really costs 30-40€ maxium (personal evaluation)."
,Not Recommended,273350,14565939,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Wisakedjak,Do not purchase this game if you have a 21:9 or multiple monitor display setup. The hud and menu elements render off the side of the screen and it is impossible to access any menu options or play the game.Absolutely unnacceptable for a game that touts 4k support to not support 2550x1080
,Recommended,273350,14443425,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,nagy,"Long review, bear with me. Will update when I feel like it.Thanks to Daniel my pocket buddy for introducing me to the game, and Rohan from 2K Games in Singapore for giving us the chance to play it at the office.----After preview testing, Big Alpha, Closed Beta, the Monster Race retail edition... this game has not let me down yet. The graphics are as magnificent as any CryEngine product tends to do, although three stages of testing still leaves a few bugs around.The most intense shooter I've played, where every game is completely different and can go either way - monster technique and hunter cooperation are a must if you want to stand a chance. No playable class is inferior, everyone is equally important, and I say that to the greatest extent that words allow. Engaging the hunters as a stage one monster is no guarantee of a loss, and neither is a stage three a win.Gameplay is brutal for newcomers and there is no notable tutorial for each class; videos are token effort at best and grossly misleading at worst. Strongly recommended to play with at least one friend, preferably with three others in a full party with voice comms. If you do not work together, I assure you that you will lose to a monster of your peer. (In that vein, there is in fact a solo mode but with an AI monster and absolutely atrocious AI teammates I hope you are prepared to play it just for the mastery.)----I have not played in three months and have only just come back to semi-serious playtime since interest has been piqued over this weekend's 40%-off sale.Most of the criticism the game has received comprises accusations of a high price point and ""day-one downloadable content"", conveniently omitting the fact that the overwhelming majority of said price consists of cosmetic skins for the hunters and monsters.Straight out of the box the vanilla game is playable and many meta teams - if that is your flavour of shooter - do not require additional hunters .Sure, you have to pay for a monster here and a hunter tier there but I haven't heard of anyone complain about non-essential content sold later in any other game either. And those are not day-one either, as anything after the first three tiers was released at least a month later and/or tied to pre-order bonuses and season pass.I will not even give the point about the state of the playerbase, since most out there are impressionable and ignorant, and would have been influenced by equally ignorant and scathing reviews of a game they barely put any hours into.What I will give is the state of the game: an extremely steep learning curve and a 100% mission-critical need for teamwork and decent level of skill. Good monsters will play by themselves and dunk on matchmade hunters; good hunters who inevitably have to solo queue will likely get a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ teammates and have to face off against aforementioned monster plus dunking. (This will demoralise anyone faint of heart, and to find these people you just have to look at every other negative review aside from those already mentioned who ignore the cosmetic nature of DLC.)On that note, competitive play is still going strong, with a proper ESL showing and Go4Evolve every weekend. Tune in to those tourneys to get a look at what you're missing."
76561198004772835,Not Recommended,273350,15847304,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,icrushthee,"Great concept that was executed so amazingly poorly it boggles my mind. It took them months to start patching this game, and it still isn't done properly. We're not talking about tweaking, I'm mean this game is still terribly broken half of the time.Do not get this game. You will either wreck the monster because your entire team is good, or will lose terribly every time because one of your teammates is bad. There is no middle ground, no close games. Same thing applies as monster, you will either wreck a team of noobs easily, or get completely crushed every time against good players."
,Recommended,273350,15239950,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Hiham,"Wish you can hide from your enemies in a bush? Now you can! Hide in a bush! Fool your enemies! Best hiding in bush simulator 11/10 would hide again.Real talk though:This game is amazing, I don't care what people say. DLC too much for you? No worries, you don't need those skins! glitches? those are so rare! I've only had about 3 glitches? 4 maybe?games that I join are usually in lobby, rare that I join a game that's already in gameThis game is really great! It may not be for everyone, but for me its amazing. try it out if you want!"
,Not Recommended,273350,16679781,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Videshi,"I don't want to write an extensive review because, perusing the reviews already posted, it appears that many of my complaints have already been fleshed out in greater detail. I'll give you the point-form reasons I don't recommend Evolve to any player. You can find my reasoning repeated in post after post in the forums and in these reviews.- DLC setup intentionally manipulative, relying on normal DLC structure expectations. See ""hunting season pass"" debates. To say they have been clear about the additions is a innacurate simplification of their deception.- Upon release, there were many bugs, which is normal. One I couldn't forgive was the mouse cursor being present the whole time.- Forum moderation isn't a part of the game, but check out their tactics. If the word ""moderator"" is mentioned in any context, thread immediately locked. If you're talking about how the season pass problem was unfair and/or manipulative: ""We told you about it in this post before, your complaint is invalid, thread locked"". If they can lock a forum, they'll do it without hesitation.- DLC content overpriced, for little reward. Evolve sometimes just feels like a big DLC shop.- Experience and unlocking system is strange and unbalanced. You are expected to repeat using items to level the class, but these requirements are often arbitrary at best and force you to adopt tactics that don't work in order to use more characters.- Finally, here's a post from a moderator that pretty much sums up 2K/TR's entire defense strategy. Note how they lost almost 90% of their intial players, who were evidentally *all trolls*.""OP,You will lose your bet since the post you've made isn't against the rules. What was the bet again? Did I win anything? (reviewer's note: this was in response to the OP assuming he would be locked or banned, because in several cases near-identical complaints were locked immediately...)Back to the topic.What 2K has learnt is that, if you want to make a good game, you don't have to be heartbroken because of all the trolls saying your game sucks. As a gamer, I don't really care about what the trolls say for Evolve or any other game.If publisher and developer is happy about the product they have made, then how about making this product get better without listening to all this trolls saying ""your game is dead"", ""rip evolve"" and many more.I've been watching developers trying to tell the trolls that if they want to support the game they can always purchase it. Saying ""omg this game sucks"" without playing the game is really a shame.I've pre-ordered Evolve myself, and even if I've not played the game as other veterans did, I always enjoy a match or two I once in a while play.What I'm mad about is that, if we take games as an art then Evolve has to be one of the best art ever created. Evolve achieved something the other games couldn't, but none of the trolls understands it.What also sucks is that in current day if you make a Call of Duty you'll earn a lot of money, but if you create a game such as Evolve you will be spammed with hate emails every day.If you want to discuss the game, then please purchase it, give it some try and come back to us. But if you will only stick around and discuss how the forums are managed, then sorry but this discussion forum only cover the game. Plus the discussion of moderation isn't allowed, as it creates spam topics which really achieve nothing.If you want to talk Evolve, come totalk.turtlerockstudios.com, where the community will be the one answering your questions and not just a single dude trying to ""make Evolve look good"" with a star next to his name.""Got a complaint? You're a troll. Think there are problems with the game? Evolve is a new style of game and therefore art. Thread locked. Want to discuss why you think the season pass idea was intentionally misleading? Thread immediately locked, read the stickies."
,Not Recommended,273350,14455238,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Jake Paul,"DO NOT PLAY!The game is game of the year worthy, but if I put monster 5th amd i cant play skirmish without bieng the monster the game is absolute garbage I hate monster and will not play until I can play skirmish as hunter only."
,Not Recommended,273350,23032865,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Sex With A Sandwich,This game WAS awesome. But it pushed too hard too fast and choked itself out. This game is dead. All thats left is broken dreams and promises.
,Not Recommended,273350,14631046,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,dlp47t,"Don't buy this game for 60 dollars ,and i will tell you why in a moment. This does have game the best graphics i have ever seen ,and i feel like its truly next generation in term of graphics.  Now ,I will get back to the topic of why its not worth 60 dollars. The game play is repeative ,the monster is way over powered ,the character progression moves at a snails pace ,you can't adjust graphics and audio options once in game ,its boring ,it also feels very bare bones ,the characters are immature and their wise cracks suck ,the characters suck period. This game is not bad ,its just not worth anything near 60 dollars. The major drawback is by the time it goes on sale there will  be a huge drop in the players online. Your stuck between a rock and a hard place with this game: by now get ripped off ,but have a decent amount of players or buy on sale get a good deal and have no one to play with. What a total waste ! This game could have been so ,so ,so ,so much better. I really feel like turtle rock just dropped the ball. What a total shame."
76561198005815658,Not Recommended,273350,14536985,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Acek47,refund plz
76561198048138085,Not Recommended,273350,22385042,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Mole Marksman,"This game was so fun before launch, but afterwards they changed a lot of things including; the way you get characters and which one you start with, I personally didn't like the change and stopped playing almost immediatly. So if you want to try this game out you can, I personally no longer wasting money on it.4/10"
,Not Recommended,273350,14733363,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Aspen,"Honestly, I wish I hadn't bought Evolve. I pre-ordered the game a long time before it came out and forgot about it. If I had remembered, I would have canceled it. The gameplay is just alright, but it's definitely not worth $60. From my experience, matches as a human are mostly just running around with sporadic bouts of shooting. As a monster, you mostly run away. You also lose more often than not. Maybe it's because the starting monster is terrible. I did manage to join a game where I got to play as the Wraith and it was way more fun than the Goliath. Unfortunately, I don't think I want to play enough of this game in order to unlock the Wraith.Then there's the DLC. I can't believe that a $60 Multiplayer only game has this much DLC, it's ridiculous. It makes the whole game feel like a money grab and not a piece of entertainment.I've run into another problem as well. I often get placed into games that are in progress and many of those are almost over. I even got placed into a game that ended right after I loaded."
76561198032082395,Not Recommended,273350,14428745,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Abslover,"Ok so lets debunk some things.first, the game is good.  its well polished, and at least for me i have experience little to no issues (other then a bug with my mouse cursor and steam overlay)the mechanics are soundid even say the balance is good, each class has its own hook that nobody else can replicate, while sharing a main feature.i dont even mind the searching for the monster parts as humans.and being a monster is most fun ive had in a while.if i was to rate the game based soley on the merits of its gameplay id give it a easy 10/10.  but its not that simplefirst is its lack of real content, for a game in development for 5 years, it has very little going on.  there is a reason they compare it to titanfall.  thats not to say whats there isnt good, and a certain type of person will not ever get really bored of it but rather dig deeper and find the nuances and depth of gameplay to craft truly memorable experiences.subtract 1 point for lack of real content, 9/10 is still stellar! at least for what it is.now the nitty gritty.this dreaded DLC stuff everyones been talking about.This is the issue, not so much the characters that havent been developed yet (they are just planned to be made), thats not a huge issue.no its two thingscharging such high pricesand charging for things that should just be included in the gameskins, lets talk about skins, everyone loves looking unique right? thats probably what the publishers thought when they forced turtle rock to put up 6 dollars packs of 3 skins.thats right6 bucks3 skinsthese skins have been available from day 1, this is true day 1 dlcsome of you may go ""but it has no effect on gameplay"", that my friend is hardly the point.Youve already paid 60 dollars (or more) on a game with very little overall content for the money (not that the content thats there isnt good), but apparently your 60 bucks isnt good enough for 2k, no, they look at that 60 bucks and go...its a start.  hence you see massively jacked recolorations of th same skins (they are in fact the same skins, just different colors).they COULD have included them in the main game, 60 bucks is more then most mulitplayer only games cost.they COULD have them put behind unlocks/achievements so people can use those skins and go, look, i achieved something, i did this, im good at the game.but no, recolorations, thats it, the easiest of customization.Then you have the price on the new hunters/monsters.7.5 PER hunter, 15 PER monster.youve got to be freaking kidding me.this is not borderlands where you can level up and customize your character to absurd degree.  this is a multiplayer game.  its like charging 7.5 for a rifle in cod and 15 dollars for a bazooka.7.5x6+15x3=90 bucks that you are gonna spend to get these guys.on top of 2.99-6 bucks for up to 3 skins a piece""oh but you get free maps and modes""really? weve gotten to the point in time in a videogame where we are accepting of being charged for game modes now too?Look, lets break it down, the games freaking tight, its awesome, if you love being the monster, you dont need friends, if you love being the hunter, its wise to have some.but the game at release wasnt worth more then 40 bucks, regardless of time invested in the project.I love this game, i give this game a easy 7-8/10 for most people, 9/10 for me as i love being the monster vs 4 players.But i CANNOT recommend this game to anyone, in fact id suggest in all honesty to stay away from it until one of three things happen.1-game fails and shuts down (sorry)2-the game goes on massive sale (like 20 bucks  for the game plus maybe 5 per hunter and at most 8-10 per monster)3-the publishers pull there heads out of there proverbial asses and stop milking the gaming industry and its consumers like cattle.sorry turtle rock :("
76561198070608505,Not Recommended,273350,14428920,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,DukeNukem1991,"THIS IS RIDICULOUS!!! WHY IS EVERYTHING IN DLC??? what happend to unlocking ingame items? wow, i seriously feel so betrayed by this business practice."
,Recommended,273350,24217839,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,MethDemon,"I liked the game, still doI hope going free to play will bring in more players. With anywhere from 50-200 players on daily, I feel going F2P was the only solution. As long as this brings in new players, I don't feel that my money has been wasted.One of the things i really dont like about the new game, is the fact that theyve made the trapper feel useless and made the hunt a bit to triveal, no longer does it feel like cat and mouse but now it feels like, press 4 follow tracks, press 4 until found then wait for the message to tell you to trap them, press f, then try to kill and then repeat if he gets out until done.still a fun game, but one thing i hate and made it feel to casual, no longer neeeding skill, but just waiting on cool downs"
76561198254866059,Recommended,273350,24276430,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Sage,"I reccomended the game NOW because...1- evolve is free now2- more players are playing the game3- they are adding more contentBefore stage 2, evolve was 30 dollars for a very short game that wasn't worth the money. I could see buying the game on sale,but nobody played the game. Now since its free, and they are adding more content, buy the game. Now, it actually doesn't take 10 minutes to find players. Also the game starts to feel a little reppetitive after 150 hours. overall Rated 6.5-7/10"
,Recommended,273350,24267504,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Garenator,"I've been playing this since the beta. Was great until the player count started to drop, and drop, and drop. For a long time this game seemed dead, with <500 players online at most.But:Devs actually listened to the community and went F2P. Player count is the highest it's been since launch. The changes take some getting used to but over all it is still a very fun game and the core gameplay is relatively unchanged.I do not feel like I wasted my money at all now that the game is F2P, it's revived the game with old players returning and new players diving in.The only problem I have is that there are only 4 maps, nowhere near as many as the original version had. They didn't even pick the best maps to include IMO.However, this is one small gripe in an otherwise awesome gameI honestly don't understand why so many people are mad about the game going F2P, some founders are saying they ""wasted their money"", while they are allowed and opinion I certainly don't feel that way.I prepurchased and got the 1st peason pass. So I got all 4/5 of the hunters and 4/5 monsters (excluding Elder Kraken/Meteor Goliath). Even though people can now unlock all of those by grinding out silver keys, I still got to use and enjoy them right from the start, and with the 30k keys they gave founders I was able to unlock all the remaining characters except for Jack.I guess I can understand why some people could see that as being ""ripped off"", but I don't. I'm happy that a game I enjoy went from nearly no one playing it to a solid population practically overnight."
,Recommended,273350,24295268,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,ReV0,"Great game, takes some time to get used to but lots of fun! No pay 2 win in this game and completely free!"
76561197981690367,Not Recommended,273350,16668127,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,MonkenDrunky,fun for a day...
,Not Recommended,273350,14547396,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Deatan,Not good enough. Its boring if you play too much
76561198083260367,Not Recommended,273350,16068624,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Not my fault you suck,"Don't bother with this game.  Nice imagery but no longevity to it.  It gets pretty boring after a short time.  No campaign, so no story to draw you in, no real community of gamers playing as far as I can tell.  Just one of those games that will be forgotten by tomorrow.  Also, an obvious money grab with upgrades and extras available in-store, or unlock them in the game if you can be entertained long enough to do that.  Also, the gameplay is really slow and frustrating.  You have to rely on a jump pack to navigate most of the terrain but of course the jump pack loses charge and you end up stuck walking at a snails pace.  I got it at 40% off and I still feel ripped off."
,Not Recommended,273350,15803539,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,only_a_decoy,"Such a great game that all 400 people still like to play... if you want to play this game, get it on the console."
76561198053508178,Not Recommended,273350,16861860,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Ballistic,"This game was a major cash grab, the devs havent done much to improve my experience and I didn't get half the content I was promised by spending $100. I would rate this game a 2/10 and would not reccomend it to anyone who values video games."
76561198073326848,Not Recommended,273350,20368397,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Markzusable,It feels like no one is playing this game anymore lol.
,Not Recommended,273350,14490604,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Purple,Worst game ever
,Not Recommended,273350,17548573,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Rav,"I love the idea of this game I really do, but the new ""skill based"" matchmaking? Constantly being grouped with people who just bought the game that in term keeps dropping my personal rating, not sure how the personal rating works in detail but as far as I can tell if you get stuck in bronze it's Good luck getting out of it if 1/8 matches might be a win...Premades is the way to go is what I'm guessing."
76561198005057046,Not Recommended,273350,16569766,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,wyleray,"The game is pretty good. Nothing wring with it all. The pricing is laughable. No game is worth what they want you to pay for this game. The amount of game that you get for the full price is nothing compared to a retail game, and the DLC is so overpriced it is insane. This seems like a disgusting cash grab and it is truly insulting to the players and people that would actually want to give this game a chance. Example, it is fifteen dollars to buy an extra monster in this game. Does that soound reasonable to you? No? You don't need the DLC, but the initial pricing of the game is also too high in my opinion, and it doesn't help that you'll see all of the things you aren't able to do in game constantly."
76561197963510734,Not Recommended,273350,16675559,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Flea,"You will want to like this game. You may even truly enjoy it (as i did). But in the end the amount of money you will spend on the game will not balance out with the amount of joy and time you get from the game. The sickening DLC policy (the second season pass is coming out now) will drive you away before you get your original money's worth.By the time this game stops releasing new DLC to bleed you dry, and offers a reasonably priced ultimate edition, I fear the remaining community left to play with will be too small to enjoy it properly. This is at heart a good game that scared off the player base with greedy practices, but a good multiplayer game with no community isn't fun.Some games earn the right to charge you for DLC. They offer new campaigns, enemies, skills, weapons, stories, etc. When you pay for it and play it you get the feeling that work went into making the DLC, and you don't feel ripped off for compensating people for their work. Evolve DLC feels very copy and paste with new artwork on top."
76561198057181551,Not Recommended,273350,16685233,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,coffeejoshua,its far to laggy on pc makes me wanna just die
,Not Recommended,273350,16684022,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,DOGMEAT!!!!!!,"Really fun game to play with your friends. can get repetitive and boring if you're alone. The way 2K did the dlc was ♥♥♥♥ing horrible. I bought the first season pass for $25 and then they dropped it down to $15 and gave me a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ skin pack that wasnt worth the $10 I spent. They really try to ♥♥♥♥ you on dlc, but don't get me wrong it's not a bad game i've had plenty of fun. I'm just dissapointed by the scams the devs try to pull."
76561198051547341,Not Recommended,273350,16669374,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Delimon,"This game is good. Really good in fact. But I have a few issues with the game just like most others do.A: This game costs too much for what it offers. I've gotten more content out of much, much cheaper games and on top of that we have to buy even more DLC lol what? I already paid quite a bit why do I need to pay more? It's already expensive just to buy the game itself.B: Currently not enough players mostly because of the reaosn aboveC: Major balancing issues. Wraith is pretty damn strong. Kraken was far too strong when I played and I rarely beat the thing because a ranged monster should be weaker than the others in terms of how many hits it can take but it simply wasn't.D: First monster is pretty damn weak compared to the other 2. I never even see people use it. Needs buffs.E: Another problem I had with the game was how biased this was towards the monster. The monster has no control over which maps get picked. The monster also has no way of really escaping the players becauseoo it's literally set up so that just when you run out of abilities to escape with their fuel runs out. Their tracking skills are also borderline broken. Make one wrong move and you probably are not going to escape their sights. So if you've had it easy as the monster it's because the players weren't working as a team or they were playing inccorectly. A good team of players can easily dominate the monster mostly because of the movement capabilities of both the monsters and the players being identical but the monster should have the advantage there but it just really doesn't.F: The player revive mechnic is broken. I'm sorry but if I put in that much work to take someone out and they just get revived that takes all the fun out of the game for the monster and the will to even fight the players. If a player dies they should be punished and forced to respawn when the ship arrives. If the ship gets a shorter spawn time or the res time for players gets cut down or they take longer to revive I would be okay with that but um, I really get tired of having to stand on a dude and hope that the enemy is too stupid to attack me properly to make sure that he/she is dead. I don't mind the mechanic too much but at this point the game is so biased towards the monster it's just not even fair which may also be why they are so overpowered to an extent.Well those are my problems with the game. It's a great game but it was ruined by the company sadly. If they shape up and fix the issues with the game then it will improve and get more players but right now it's not worth your time."
,Not Recommended,273350,16102397,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,TGHD,"Game is fun but has some features that are not worth it.The game is way too expensive. It is worth around $20. The skins are a huge ripoff. The new characters costs a fortune -  $45 for four hunters and one monster...The game has all the features of a rip off, pay-to-play but has a AAA title price to start with. Not to mention there super slow updates and terrible balancing.Pass on this one."
,Recommended,273350,24161834,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Bubwubster,"F2P was the best choice this game could have made, I loved it when it came out and only stopped playing it due to the death of its player base, now with it going f2p, my only fear is that I still have everything unlocked D:"
,Not Recommended,273350,21776800,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Woofle,The balancing is AIDS
76561198026509360,Not Recommended,273350,16997330,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Gyved,There are not enough people on this game to play and have fun with it. If you don't have a full party good luck finding a game.
,Not Recommended,273350,17055252,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Trig,It has become a pay 2 play game makes you pay for new character's when they come out.
,Not Recommended,273350,20682571,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,rev bev,Don't buy this game. If you're not from Dubia and you don't earn 500K a week dont buy this game.I bought this game for £40.00 and I LOVED it the first couple of weeks. Me and a friend played it and it was fun but it got slightly repetitive but it was definitely one of the most fun games that came out for me that year. I would LOVE to recommend this game but what absolutely BREAKS this game is the pricing.£40 for this game was decent. No problem it was a big game nice fancy graphics fun gameplay. All was okay. But then the characters. If you wanted ALL the characters you had to pay. PAY. AFTER SPENDING £40 ON THIS GAME I WANT ALL THE GOD DAMN CHARACTERS OKAY????So they bring out these new people and monsters and they're not cheap. I think it might have been £5 per character I can't remember. But after £40 already?? If you wanted the full entire game you're looking at like £90 overall it would be cheaper to make the ♥♥♥♥ing game.GAMES LIKE THIS SHOULD CHOOSE -EITHER FREE TO PLAY AND HAVE A LOT OF IN GAME PURCHASESORJUST GIVE US THE DAMN GAME AFTER CHARGING US SO MUCH IN THE FIRST PLACEidk how there hasnt been a♥♥♥♥♥♥storm about this gameseriouslygrr
76561198085036103,Not Recommended,273350,16053458,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,kiwiinferno,worth 5$? definitely. 10$? yeah. 20$ that's doable. 60$ no.
76561198044981905,Not Recommended,273350,16731336,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,NervousPompano,"I like this game, I truly do. However, 2k is a scumbag company that is currently screwing over season pass purchasers by making a ""second season"" of DLC. That is completely unacceptable and I refuse to buy anything else associated with 2k gaming."
,Not Recommended,273350,16679102,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Red Panda,No Just No
,Not Recommended,273350,16067664,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Little Demogorgon,I wish I could get my 60 bucks back...
,Not Recommended,273350,16069062,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Nereus,"Could have been great, but it's not. :c"
76561198066596753,Not Recommended,273350,24242411,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Jesterterror,"Owner of the Original, This product was forceably switched by the development company.  This Game does not allow you to have it and the Original Purchsed product installed at the same time.  This is a blatant and Vulgar act of Bait and Switch I Paid for one product but cannot own said product with this Switch product.  Valve needs to protect their Consumer's rights and have them create a second profile and launch so that those of us that Purchased 1 game can have it, and this one needs to not be a Mandatory Replacement."
,Not Recommended,273350,16528058,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,zzzzzzzzzzzzzz,biggest money waste of my life
76561198021386976,Not Recommended,273350,17056092,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Erethren,As much as I can and do enjoy the game itself. I cannot under any circumstances condone the rediculous greed driven pricing schemes that Evolve and many other games have fallen to. Compare these practices to companies that give a damn about their customer base like CDPR and you'll have a role model for how to treat consumers - and this isn't how you do it.
,Not Recommended,273350,17301242,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Fred,"Well, i don't really know what to think about this game. I really like what they tried to do with it but Evolve just comes up short most of the times.Hardly any players means you'll be playing with either the same people with a very varied skillrange or maybe even no players at all.People keep disconnecting in fear that their stats on the leaderboards might fall. This is EXTREMELY common in Evolve public games. People also disconnect randomly anyway.There's a huge discussion on balance in the game and in my experience it favors monsters most of the time. If you get an inexperienced player in your public game you're probably going to end up losing for as long as he's there.Small glitches everywhere. Just today i was line of sighting a goliath hoping to escape the flames and it killed me through the wall.What i really, really like about this game is the setting and lore. Every short story you get through the dialogue of the characters right before dropping onto Shear are amazing.In the end, every single game turns into running around the same maps over and over while trying to get monster. Every single hunt-gamemode game feels exactly the same. There's really no mixing it up. Play another gamemode? Well, have fun playing alone because the only gamemode played is hunt.Overall Evolve is just a bad experience.EDIT: This doesn't mean i'm not going to go back to the game every now and then as i sort of like it and sort of don't. The question is though, would you recommend it? No."
76561198002837263,Not Recommended,273350,15646355,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Barney,"This game is fun if you play with a group of competent and proficient players - which by the size of the player base is extremely hard to come by. Most of the time, you are faced with a screen reading ""Searching for Players"" and when you finally do connect with other players, you find that you are better off playing single player.In summary, this game suffers from the lack of a sizable player base."
76561198062086112,Recommended,273350,20833585,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Greene,"Yeah it has it's issues, but it aint as bad as people seem to think."
,Not Recommended,273350,14978704,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Velcro Spider,"Fantastic crash to desktop simulator.Finished 1 game in 10.Known issue since Feb, no fix.https://talk.turtlerockstudios.com/t/device-hung-error/32722/208"
76561198040430941,Not Recommended,273350,14506049,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Cpt. Carp,"When I visited Gamescom Cologne in 2014 and played Evolve for the first time I got hyped like crazy, cause I played it together with three friends against some random dude. It was great fun, nothing bad to say about it at that point.Then the Alpha and later the Beta got me and my friend playing it for hours, trying to unlock new hunters over the Alpha/Beta-weekend. Still we had great fun.But in Beta the Game got a strange feel to it according to the content it offers to the players. Since not very much changed since Alpha, I was wondering how much content the game is going to offer.Now that I played for like a week I decided to list some points for everyone and give a brief feedback:PRO-Great fun when playing with your friends-The Maps look great-Controlling the monster or hunters is pretty easy when you play for the first time, but mastering every single character is a challenge->Even Beginners can quickly jump into it-Custom games can lead to crazy matchesCONS:-Not so much fun when playing alone-->sometimes voice chat bugs, when playing with random people in matchmaking-After some hours, you get the feeling like playing the same game all over and over again-Matchmaking System ""unfair"". A Elo/Ranking would be better,since the lvl does not represent skill-Balanced on high lvl ---> Unbalanced on lower skill levels-No story mode-It is like Cs:go --> play against other people, because bots/Ai are to bad..... -> not fun-You can unlock and level up in custom games against the computer-> People unlock stuff and get lvl up, but do not improve->Matchmaking puts together player of same lvl but not the same skilllevel :(---------------------------------------------------After all I had great fun with the game when playing with my friends,BUTEvolve is not worth the money you pay for. For 50 Bucks you get 12 hunters and 3 Monster and 12 Maps, and some gamemodes, that don't differ from one another. Therefore the amount of content is just to low. When i look over to some Indie-games that cost 10 Bucks, but offer the same amount of Content(-< time  spent, since it does not have a story you will only play multiplayer until it gets boring)I feel sad for the potential lost right here. The rest of the game will be coming out via DLC for the publisher to get even more money for little content. Like in ""The Sims"" you get a game that is fun to play, but to experience every part of it you are forced to buy a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of DLC, once you are hooked.If you did not buy it yet, think twice before buying it."
76561198055729899,Not Recommended,273350,14494873,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Valiin,"Granted, the idea of the game is pretty good, and the gameplay is exceptional, but come on. DLC like that is absurd. Either 2k/Turtle Rock fix their game and quit trying to milk people out of paying $60 for and unfinished game AND a potential extra $130 for DAY ONE DLC, then they have to face the truth; We won't be buying their game. For those interested in purchasing this game, DON'T unless the price is fixed. The gameplay is not worth the money. Turtle Rock just destroyed themselves when they could've gotten so much more famous... Great job guys. To be honest, I wouldn't trust buying any future games by these developers just because of this."
,Not Recommended,273350,20637397,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,BearDollars,Until they fix the lobbies it's really hard to get into this game...
,Not Recommended,273350,15125260,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,ThornRage,"Good concept; poor execution.It has its moments but becomes quite boring after awhile. It is a rinse/repeat game that gets stale. The best game mode is defense. The worst is the one where you destroy the eggs. When I get online to play, nothing about this game says I want to play it right now, instead I look at it and decide to play something else. I believe I wasted my money on a game that did not give me what I was hoping for."
76561198049275342,Not Recommended,273350,15151116,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Jaguar,"Love the game, but they just killl your online record by forcing you to join a game that ends in 30 seconds. what bogus"
,Recommended,273350,14523622,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Blujedi,"This game is a lot of fun in small doses. Obviously due to its nature, the game is essentially, chase or be chased. Therefore it is fairly repetitive and why i say ""fun in small doses"". The graphics are very nice, as well as the sound, controls. Just about everything except the cost of the DLC. I can see why people are complaining about the unfair DLC prices and content. Nonetheless if you have an extra 60 bucks and want to have some fun buy this game."
76561198002733902,Not Recommended,273350,14782599,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Skubbs,"The game would be a lot of fun.... if they would fix the bugsYou will run into issues with the following:1. You steam profile will not sync for no reason2. Your game will Crash while in a round3. (if playing with friends) match maker will sometimes split up your party4. you may fall through the map and die or get stuck in a wallIf they would fix these problems the game would be amazing, but so far not worth the headache."
,Not Recommended,273350,26230143,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Ｖｏｌｔｚ,"DO NOT BUY! 2k has just delcated that all development on Evolve Stage 2 has been cancelled. They have no further updates or patches planned meaning the game is no longer going to be developed any further. You can stay with this final evolve if you like, but for someone (me) who has paid for the game initially, and paid for the hunter packs this makes me extremely furious. 2K can suck my♥♥♥♥♥♥they won't be getting a dime from me ever again."
,Not Recommended,273350,14582883,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Didi,Needs a lot of rework. Would not recomend it right now.
76561198066936114,Not Recommended,273350,14556874,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Ben Witterdoe,After playing this game for 20 mins I realize I should never get hyped for any game ever again no matter what This is a joke game with no content there are 3 monsters??? let that sink in for a secound how are we ok with this??? How long did they develop this game for them to only putin THREE ♥♥♥♥ing monsters????
,Recommended,273350,27990904,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,最初の暗殺者,"Not the best comeback, but was a good comeback.Sadly it didnt brought the game on a ""Stage"" the developer wanted it to be."
76561198007451496,Not Recommended,273350,14500646,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,ManNamedJoe,"Buy This DLC and you get this review...Gameplay is meh and repetative, environments are repetative I think I only noticed 2 different maps rest just look the same.Characters have some interesting and entertaining dialog, then it's not as much as there could be.So much potential for this game, so much over hype.Maybe when cheaper and a few friends have it get it but now it's a no no, And don't satisfy them by buying the dlc, it's just appauling that they are selling that much on launch day/weekOverall I enjoyed it for the first few games as each monster and never really enjoyed playing hunters even with friends."
,Not Recommended,273350,23442683,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Xzanos,"Sad thing is it was fun when things were thriving and there wasn't a dlc gate. Coulda been something cool. Nothing actually bad about the game itself, everything seemed balanced enough, game was fun and gave good thrills but the choices for the new ranked matchmaking and the DLC was awful.It WAS good. Skip it now unless it's on super sale for like 5$ Then it might be wurf if you and some friends grabbed it."
,Not Recommended,273350,14433722,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Vin,"I can`t defend this game. I pre-purchased it 2 weeks before launch. I had the game pre-loaded. When the release date arrives and I try to launch the game it tells me I have to wait for a 50 mins update. Ok... My friend who bought it last sunday, pre-loaded after me had not to go through that bs update. After the update, the game simply DOES NOT WORK. IT DOES NOT LAUNCH. It even gets my windows task manager stuck. Frozen. I reboot the pc then, through steam`s verify game cache I see that the whole game installation is corrupted. Meanwhile, my friend who bought afterwards is playing the game just fine. I reinstall the game and played it once yesterday. Now when I try to launch the game again it fails to launch over 50% of the times.Hey, Turtle Rock, a TIP, VERY USEFUL ONE. BEFORE LEAVING VALVE YOU SHOULD HAVE ASKED THEM HOW TO PROPERLY LAUNCH YOUR GAME ON STEAM. THIS IS F-ING STUPID AND A COMPLETE FAILURE AS LAUNCH. Major f-up.Not to mention the loading screens / time. I mean wtf. First I have to wait for the matchmaking. Then for the map to pre-load. Then the character selection. Then another loading screen to wait for an animation to play the game. I am taking about 2-3 mins waiting to play a 6-8 min max match. WTF?! That even when I already have a full party line with my friends...Just no... You don't deserve what you are asking for this game and its stupid dlcs. FIRST GET YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥TOGETHER. GET THIS GAME WORKING PROPERLY. GET PEOPLE TO REALLY LIKE IT. THEN THINK ABOUT RELEVANT DLC. OR EVEN F-ING MICRO TRANSACTIONS FOR MOSTLY AESTHETICS. I DON'T CARE. BUT MAKE THE GAME WORK FIRST. PLEASE."
76561198001095245,Not Recommended,273350,14490163,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,주의 - VIP / BlackJack,"After a few games in, you feel like its not that great. I was exciting for the game even got the full DLC $99 package. Not complaining about the price but what you get for it and all is just not up to what i would expect.I would say the build up was great, the initial part of it was great but it seems average after you actually gets hand on into it.This is just my own personal opinion though."
,Not Recommended,273350,14768259,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Baron,"I really want to like this game, but I can't. Matchmaking rarely gives me the role that I want to play, it's extremely challenging to learn how to improve your play, and it's not fun getting roflstomped. Which basically means I spent 17 hours trying really hard to like this game and not enjoying myself.  Fails all up and down the board."
76561198058672268,Not Recommended,273350,14493388,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Your Favorite Porn,"You can't seem to talk about this game without talking about DLC, understandibly so. Before I get into this review I will state that while I like the core concept of DLC it has been poorly implemented into games in the past few years, this game is no different.TL;DR- At it's best, this game is a blaze of glory and fun that maybe even rivals L4D's co op central idea. At it's worst though...It is a drab and has tedious stretches of nothing happening. This game went SUPER aggressive on the DLC front and while the dlc is currently harmless considering it's simply skins(Which are usually made AFTER the game is done and is waiting to be shipped, and the artists need something to do. A fact that many people forget)  It is just ♥♥♥♥ing stupid for the monsters to be priced at 15$ a pop, and hunters 7.50$ a pop. Buy this if it is on sale for sure, it really is worth 30$ to maybe even 35$ 60$ is just too hard to swallow. ♥♥♥♥ing great with friends, poor with solo.Story (5/10)Chaos! A planet named Shear has become overrun with giant monsters and it is up to 12(currently) of the galaxies best hunters to help evacuate the planet of it's colonist. Nothing special here, no real plot really just a few back stories on each of the characters. Much like L4D and L4D2 in fact, only in those games there were writings on the wall and many conversations between the survivors to make the story seem fleshed out. This game lacks many of those boosters.Graphics (No rating)The game looks good, then again it is not hard to make a game look good anymore, you have to TRY to make a game look bad now.Gameplay (7/10)It's fun! Mostly anyway. You can either play as one of the 12 hunters which divide up into 4 classes(3 per role) Trapper, who aptly traps the monster. Medic, who you know, heals the team, assault who does the most damage to the monster or the support who can do a multitude of things such as shield allies or bomb the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the monster with an orbital strike. Then there is also the famed monster role, you can either be the severely underpowered goliath who breathes fire and can't run away for♥♥♥♥♥♥ The kraken, who reigns death from above while looking like the president of the Cthulu fan club. He seems to be the most balanced of the 3 monsters. Or the wraith, who will supernova your♥♥♥♥♥into next week. Below i will go into each class and monster in a bit more detail.Assault- As stated above, the main damage dealer of the group is this guy, He has a personal shield when he gets up close and personal and can very from having a gun that shoot lighting to a flamethrower. This class is pretty fun to play and as for the people who complain that they can't use the mines on the kraken, that is why you have Val Abe or Griffin, your team must be well prepared for ANYTHING.Trapper- My personal favorite class. This class can use harpoons or stasis grenades to impedes the monsters movement, they can bring down the thunderdome where the monster is forced to fight, and use medium damaging guns. The class is pretty well balanced and feels the newest out of all the class types.Support- I honestly don't know how to describe this class because they do all sorts of♥♥♥♥♥♥and feel like the most versatile of the group. The class is okay i suppose. Hank's beard is magnificent.Medic- Do I really need to explain in detail what a medic does? THEY HEAL♥♥♥♥♥♥ Minus Laz who just watches his team die so he can res spam.Goliath- Really underpowered, this monster is meant to be the ""brawler"" of the bunch but I always found myself getting stomped. Where the other two monsters can run away at stage 1 this guy CAN'T get away due to his slow movement. Stage 2 tends to solve this somewhat. His whole moveset should be able to do more damage, NONE of his moves feel like they pack a punch. This is a shame that even at level 3 he doesn't feel powerful because if they patched him he would probably be the funnest.Kraken- My personal favorite. Certainly the most balanced of the bunch, between have mostly skillshot abillities that have good payoffs and the flying abillity he is certainly the most refreshing of the bunchWraith- SUPERNOVA ALL DAY EVERY DAY. Seriously though, after the post beta patch the wraith feels much more balanced and feels like a hit and run character now, they still have not justified taking abduction though. It just simply isn't as potent as decoy supernova and warp blast.Oh wait, there are game modes too. Yea it's basic 4v1 and variations of 4v1.  Evacutaion adds refreshing things with map effects that depends on who wins.  It's fun but it will get stale fast unless they add some more FREE content.DLC ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T- there is something like 100$ worth of dlc already. ALREADY. Now while 95% of it is skins there is no way to unlock the skins in game which is kinda bull. there is also the 7.50$ per new hunter and the absolutely ludicrous pricing of 15$ for a single monster. 2K NEEDS to lower the pricing. Now one nice thing though is that even if you don't buy the monsters or hunters you can still fight them just not play as them. All maps and game modes will be free which is nice to.Why the game will die in a few weeks- Simple, mod support. The main reason(or one of them) why L4D is still kicking around today is because of the insane mod support for the games and how much they freshing it up even with them being 5 years or older. Evolve, will not have this. The devs have stated that there will be no releasing of the engine to make maps and what not. this is not a good thing."
,Recommended,273350,14562765,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,̇ṀΘΘƘIΣ Mookie,This game was never in my radar until i tried the Big Alpha.I realized that I've been playing it more than COD: Advanced Warfare! It's more polished that that piece of junk and a lot fun with its simple gameplay mechanics.I know that there are some issues about the game and most common one was its pricing. Well i'm here to let you guys know that most of those DLCs are totally cosmetics and not a game changer. So it's totally up to the consumer if they want to add some new looks in their arsenals or look differently from other monsters. in the end the hunt will continue!However i only have one gripe with the pricing and it's the future hunters and monsters. they will all be paid and we all have to pay a few in order to get some access from them. However on the plus side is that it will take more time until they all come out in the game so that will give us more time to earn money to get all of them! Granted that its a bit of a rip-off from that side but i also do understand that these devs actually sacrificed a lot and that includes of not cutting their beards off until the game was released and they have their own bills to pay IRL (in real life). So to give support to them and the things they love to do (which is making this awesome game a lot better) i would not mind giving them a few cuts from my end.Overall this game is awesome and everything that has already been described on other reviews about the gameplay mechanics are spot on and i don't have to elaborate further. It's a cat & mouse chase only to give enough cheese o the mouse till hunted becomes the hunter and i love it!So for further info about this review you can check out my video reviewHEREPros:Visually beautiful and Jurassic Park came to mind :)It's FunIt's simple to play but not that simple to master in both being a hunter and a monster.It has Solo offline mode12 great hunters3 different monsters with different hunting/killing stylesRepetitive but still funFree future maps!Challenging on a tactical standpointSo-So:RepetitivePaid future hunters and monstersPaidcosmeticstuffsCons:Main Campaign is shortWould like to see more game modes
76561198089311576,Recommended,273350,17920994,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Random Flops,"I purposely didnt write a review until I hit 150 Hours, Because when you start playing the game you are like""WOAH DUDE. A ♥♥♥♥ING MONSTER, LETS KILL IT! FUN!"", and that is pretty much first impressions, and nothing else. Thats what a lot of reviews are. First impressions. Mine, however will be on the most current update (as of ). The gameplay is solid, after the trapper buff, and reduced running (due to the trapper buff), and overall a great game. It deserves more attention. There is potential here.This is a good game.BOOM -- UPDATES LATER, ITS NOW F2PThe game looks gorgeous. Plays much better than before and mechanics have been switched up and its absolutely fantastic now! Props to TRS for making this game amazing, as it should have been apon release!"
76561198069596460,Not Recommended,273350,14426539,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,DevilDawgX1,So i pre-ordered this game and when I first load it up I loss all my beta data like rank and etc. and I didn't get the wraith which I pre-ordered and played in the beta so wtf? Is it me or just the game?
76561198025661184,Not Recommended,273350,14657632,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Moebius-Strip,"They made the game worse. ♥♥♥♥ EVOLVE, ♥♥♥♥ the moaning ♥♥♥♥♥y people that play it and ♥♥♥♥ the creators, I want my money back.The game isn’t level. Not at all. I don't care about the statistics they've produced. It's a load of crap.The part that pisses me off the most is when it loads me in as a monster. I don't enjoy playing as a monster, I hate it, and am very frustrated how it continues to queue me in as a monster over and over forcing me to abandon games over and over.It has an option to list your favorite character from 1 to 5. But, there isn’t an option to remove characters you don’t ever want to play.Example, I have Trapper, Medic, Support, Assault, and finally Monster. If it were up to me, I’d remove monster so I never play it.However, 60% of the time I queue, it enters me to a game as monster.I would pay 30 dollars and wait if I had to do it over again. Buy the game, and see how much more there is wrong with the game. But, this is the part that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off the most and caused me to leave my first bad review ever.For this reason, I give thumbs down for floppy game play that is not even, limited control over game play. Few maps, and that op wraith that should be nuked.Very disappointed.Furthermore, I purchased this game to play with a friend as it seemed to be a cool co op game.Well, if you plan on doing the same. Get ready for long waits.For just the two of us to join a game, we spend close to 5 minutes before we find a single player. It some times takes us 10-15 minutes to find a full team, and then, we've also noticed, when we play as a group and join teams, it pairs us with crap people.This makes the long wait very painfull.When I play on my own, I have the other hassel to worry about, but when I find a team and play a char class I want. They're good.But if you want decent players on a match, don't team queue with a friend."
76561198041949164,Not Recommended,273350,14488253,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Private NumbNutts,"A true disappointment!If you're expecting this game to have the same level of fun, excitement , and team play as L4D2 you will be very sad camper.If I could give my copy away, I would,  if for no other reason to not be reminded of how I wasted $60.From one to ten rating I would give it a one mostly because it was sooo over hyped and over priced."
76561198068602243,Not Recommended,273350,14489892,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,superschnoofs,"The game looks nice enough. The play style is nothing new though and there is no real single player to speak of. The only thing that is truly unacceptale about it is the producer's attitude toward DLC. The game is nothing but a platform for pushing DLC product; it could have easily enough been a Free2Play game.As of now, I would advise againt buying it."
,Not Recommended,273350,16504402,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Sushifighter,"Hardly anyone plays this game. It had a lot of potential, but fell off quickly. Not worth the buy unfortunately."
76561198013050985,Not Recommended,273350,14488973,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Ruibarian,"Quite frankly, I don't give a damn about prices or DLC. The problem with Evolve is that it has the absolute worst matchmaking for a game that is already barely mediocre when you're not playing with people you know. I'm level 9 and getting matched up against level 30's with everything unlocked (meaning all of their abilities are straight up better than mine)."
76561198091775436,Recommended,273350,30214655,Posted: 26 February,all,Arby,evolve was an awesome game. dead or alive this game will always have a special place in my heart!
,Recommended,273350,24219429,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,posh twat,I bought it back in the days but i don't mind it being free 2 play now. At least the game has an active community again. I love the idea behind this game and it is really fun. That's basically all i have to say. Have a nice day if you read this :)
76561198007326719,Recommended,273350,24490950,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Dantalion_71st,"Welcome to my review, i'm here  to clarify things trough all that trash talk of kids so here goes.I played both evolve 1 and the stage 2 version (FTP) difference being that it's more accessible for new players and matchs are more focus on the actual fighting than the tracking itself unlike before. wether that is a good thing or not is a matter of taste  but let's move long.I wont lie the learning curve for hunters is higher than the monster. you will usualy steam roll in your beguinings. has a hunter losing will be frequent but you  will learn each time and have fun. the game is balanced for when you know how to play your class properly and may see unballanced if you're not that good. find the role you are best at if you cant play a other properly. eventually you may be able to play every class and even all the hunters if you are skilledPros:-- Challenging-- Games are fairly quick. easy to come and go-- Good variety of hunters and monsters vith varied mechanics-- Team play and action packed-- Pretty cool dialogs between hunters-- everything can be unlocked for free. buying a original founder key will unlock most of the contennt if you dontwant to work for it-- A bunch of other stuff that doesn't come to mind right now__________________________________________________________Cons:-- few maps currently since they are bing reworked-- matchmaking can be anoying sometimes and rank play is slow-- can take a while to be good at the game ( so can be less fun)-- can take a while to unlock everything if you are not a founder reffer to the suggestion above to fix-- The amount of whiny kids that cant be asked to get better at something and blame the gameAll and all i personally really like this game and if you have friends to play with it can be even more fun. Join a clan or something if you dont.  Just dont go complain in the forums if you are lacking in mastery of this game when others can play and win perfectly well. Instead of blaming the game think about what can be done. Look at your team mates and wonder what went wrong. It's a team game only one of you is enough to make the castle crumble.It's free enjoy it or be quiet and go somewhere elseOtherwise have  a good day to you  miss/sir"
76561197969419780,Recommended,273350,24295242,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Cel,"The recent changes to the game are absolutely fantastic, resulting in shorter, more exciting matches.  The game is fast, clever and fun.  Highly recommended, especially now as a free to play game.  The rate of earning the in-game currency is fairly quick, especially early on, allowing you to unlock various hunters/monsters/perks fairly quick."
,Recommended,273350,24288170,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,d4virus01,"When This Game First Came Out I Knew It Was Going To Be Amazing. When The Game Died For A While, It Made Me Real Sad, Losing A Favorite Game Is Tough. The Reason For An Overall Mixed Review Is Because When This Game Was Released, It Was Rather Expensive And The DLC Prices Were Too High For The Vast Majority Of Players. After This New Round Of Updates And Revisions Im Glad To Be Right Back Into It. The Fact That It Is Free Allows For So Many New Players, That I Don't See This Game Dying Out For A Long Long Time. This Is An Absolute Five Star Game. It Must Be The Best Game That I Have Ever Played. With A Variety Of Charactors With Their Own Unique Weapons And Abilities, The Game Never Gets Repetitive, Making Matches Different Each TIme And Places This Game High Above All Others. As Long As You Have A Well Rounded Team Who Knows What They Are Doing, You'll Have A Balanced Match. If You Have Not Yet Tried This Game, Or If You Are Hesitant To Revisit This Game From Only Playing It In It's Early Stage, I Highly Suggest That You Give Evolve Stage 2 A Try, It Will Absolutely, Without A Doubt, Be Worth Your Time."
,Recommended,273350,24335100,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Super Marijus,"going f2p was a good decision as it brought in new players and all , but those new players dont know how to play and im wrecking everyone with stage 1 monster :( am i the only one who thinks monsters are op now ?"
76561198149405544,Recommended,273350,24198159,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Fazzle,"Being one of the people who bought evolve when it was 40 dollars, i was pretty mad that they had all of a sudden decided to make it free to play. But now that i've played it and seen the amount of new people that are finally givin this game a chance, I can see now that this was all for the best. But for those of us who are ""founders"" and bought the game before it was free to play, I would have expected a little more in return. They say they'll give us more content in the future, but we'll see if it really is worth it in the end."
76561198157237785,Recommended,273350,24442676,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Sir. Lister of Smeg,Great game spoiled on release by micro transactions now it's all fixed and en route to being the Visionary success it should have been! A must play
76561198058969478,Recommended,273350,18139280,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Oi,fun
,Recommended,273350,18059608,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,warbriner,"This game is cool. Don`t listen that people who say ""it`s repetetive"" cause all multiplayer games are repetetive. Gameplay on good level. Game consists some bugs but i hope they will be fixed. About it price -- buy it at least on 15$ mark, it don`t worth 30$.ABOUT DLC : in game actualy only 2 dlc -- it`s 1 and 2 hunter seasons (seasons pass). All other content are only skins you actually don`t need."
76561198162570011,Recommended,273350,24191372,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,S04Hunter04,"making the game f2p was the best thing they could have ever done to it. You can actually find matches in less than 20 seconds now instead of the 20 min it was before the update. Furthermore their balancing changes solved most of the old problems people had with the game. Definitely looking forward to spending some more time with this newly recovered gem in the future.It surely is a very special game and worth a try, now that it became f2p."
76561198017123062,Recommended,273350,24186331,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Hot Zerg Love,"Evolve started off great. You had your usual whining because people were too impatient to learn how to counter a hunter/monster (mostly monsters), but over all was just awesome.Then they released the cow cashing DLC ♥♥♥♥♥torm that was completely unecessary and ultimately murdered their game....That's right, gameplay wise this game is amazing, and worth PAYING for. It was just the DLC crashing was overdone.I played this game before it was released, I did my best to become the best monster I could (being a hunter was always easy mode). I had quite a few people appreciate the fact that they would have to cycle out 5 people, or consistently wipe against me 6 times before they won. It made them REALLY LOVE killing me.  So, pros and cons.Pros:Monsters are hard (not because they suck, but because you are not allowed to breath), but incredibly rewarding when you win.Hunters are easy at first but get harder the longer the game runs. Aka, challenging gameplay.Great graphics (imo)Great audio sounds (music, flora fauna, voicing is amazing from characters, monsters sounds terrifying).You FEEL like a monster playing this. You FEEL like a massive predator being hunted.Even though it's the same game modes (essentially) it really doesn't get boring. And when it does, change lobbies to different people. One new person, whether it's a new monster or a new hunter, completely changes the feel and course of the games.Cons:Not a lot of people anymore.Devs tend to baby the hunters, but let's be honest. Those puny squishy hoomins need all the babying they can get. Cause when the Kraken swoops down, not even the devs can save them.Salty children hunters can make the game too easy. When you are watching the medic stare at his teammate as he gets eaten by a plant, you pretty much have a free meal (medic) and the game becomes too easy for the monster.HOWEVER. Imo, that's how it should be. You can choose to hunt these predators that have massacred the planet with friends who you trust your back to, or you can go at it with strangers.HUNTERS. Arguing with each other is going to mean you all die, just as it does in real life.NEW PLAYERS. IT's free to play now. Why not pick it up. It's always been lots of fun."
,Recommended,273350,24170777,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Ʌ𝘚𝘊𝘕𝘋𝘙.,"So I bought Evolve a couple of months after launch, and I really enjoyed it, unfortuanatly as the player base fell the time it took to find a game skyrocketed so I was just sort of forced to stop playing because I would have to queue for 40+ minutes just to get into a game. Hopefully the playerbase will stabalise with enough players to actually find games. In terms of the changes made with this patch they address many of the issues that were previously annoying to deal with, mainly the changes to the dome and how now everyone can activate it, taking a lot of pressure off the trapper who used to be the main role which made a hunter game fun/unfun."
,Recommended,273350,24182883,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Dread Kamikan,"Loved the game when it was first out but the monetization model really turned me off. This new FTP model has slimmed everything down and the gameplay is a lot more action packed and forces more fights and keeps the hunters moving always on the tail of the monster. As of writing this review there is a few annoying bugs but I am sure the dev team will work to polish this product, I would recommend trying it out."
76561198135379961,Recommended,273350,17920079,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,彡 Tee Kay 彡,"I definatly recommend this game. Its super fun,smooth,and has wonderful animations,graphics,models,and a large variaty of weapons and classes to choose from."
,Recommended,273350,17976336,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Not Falle,I got yelled at :DEdit: I came back to play again after hearing this game went F2P. Played as good o'l Bucket and everyone keeps shooting while my cloak is active.I'M THE ONE WHO IS YELLING NOW
76561198126990240,Recommended,273350,24204334,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,SlenderManzzz,"Please, Please, PLEASE ignore the fact that this game has mixed reviews and listen to this: Those reviews were not for this game. Thos reviews reflected on the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ experience that many of us (myself included) experienced back when so much of Evolve's content was locked behind expensive DLC. Paywalls like that made the game very expensive and was a real turn off to the game, killing the player base. However, Turtle Rock has my serious respect because THEY LISTENED. GUYS, THEY LISTENED TO US!!! Since the game has been released in a F2P Beta format, everything is available without paying! Things have been rebalanced, and the reason people first loved Evolve is back! Evolve always had great gameplay and a great concept, but was just overshadowed by a steep paywall and mounting DLC's. With all of that out of the way, I BEG OF YOU ALL, PLEASE help make this game great again and at least give it a try! This game is hands down one of the funnest multiplayer experiences you will ever enjoy, I guarentee it. While some content may be limited at the moment, Turtle Rock has promised new (free) content every two weeks as they finish the redesigning of old maps and refirbishing of old game modes and reintroduce them to the game. This game is BACK BABY, and it's better than ever before. Please, try it. You're doing yourself a favor. Best part, it's free :D"
76561197998686085,Not Recommended,273350,16027673,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Rattletrap,A fun arcade style game that can keep you busy for an hour or so but offers very little stimulation beyond that. Would be a worthwhile purchase if sold at a 5th of the price. Definitely not worth your money until on the sale rack.
76561198076781250,Recommended,273350,24228334,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Mercer,i still like this game i just wish the founders got a little more than 3k coins but happy to be playing it again
,Not Recommended,273350,17286087,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,SpottedReef,Do not buy this game! There is way to much DLC and the cost of it is to high. They barely come out with any updates and this game is failing so they are just adding unfinished things into the game.
,Recommended,273350,18154247,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,T.R.O.S Switzerland,"This game is like punching an overgrown lizard to death with a laser lance.Actually, that is this game."
,Not Recommended,273350,16101481,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,IHopeSheWasLevel18,"This game was fun for the first two days, Got boring and repetitive. Monsters are broken OP. Not worth the $60."
,Recommended,273350,24275280,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Grimmy [FIN],"Bought this game long time ago, couldn't play recently because everyone boycotted this due to DLC's(YES, they are optional!!) so there was no playerbase left. Really happy they made this F2P since now i can play with my friend(s) who didn't buy it. Do go and try it, it's FREE with no microtransactions, no way to spend money on this game atm"
,Recommended,273350,24349306,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Fulltimespy,With all these new players I can actually find noobs I can beat.
76561198067176309,Recommended,273350,15131376,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Icantremembertocomeonhere,"Ik im going to get a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥about this and I'm sorry to say this but.....evolve.....you are one of the most fun and most pleasurable expirences i have ever taken part in. I do realize that evolve has vary bad issues with its dlc and lack of multiplayer content, but the single player however is where its really at. A vary fun customizable mode in single player and both multiplayer (but restricted to friends only) allows for several games to be made how YOU like it and having it YOUR own way. The game itself is vary fun with an extremly creative premise as the controls are nice and tight and gameplay can vary from being an action filled third person beat em up if your the monster to a vary envelloping first person shooter if you play as the hunters. When I run evolve I do have vary bad lag spikes from time to time but thats probably just my computer. My only wishes for this game is to allow the defend mode to be accessable to multiplayer but aside from that though the game itself is absolutely amazing and I highly recommend this game to all my fellow gamers but however you do need quite a powerful computer to run this game =P"
,Not Recommended,273350,16538265,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,É assim que meu fusca anda!,"At first the game is good, but over time it gets repetitive and monotonous.What would be interesting and invigorating that would be new hunters and monsters end up getting extremely frustrating. Or you play weary hours a depressive game or pay 2x the value of the game (at least here in Brazil) for all the DLC's."
,Recommended,273350,23721732,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Jutin,"I DO highly recommend buying this game if you have some friends to play it with. Online is possible as well but the queue times are very long and you rarely play a close match, because levels between players differ so much somce there is such a low playerbase atm. If you play it consistently with some friends on the other hand, i can garantuee some very thrilling and exciting matches not achievable by other games. You will also need a fairly good pc to play it properly and with the current price i'd suggest buying it in a sale or in like a four-or eightpack. The dlc's are rather expensive too but i from what ive seen they are defenitely worth getting if you can get it at a lower cost."
,Not Recommended,273350,15807602,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,tiltedmagic,#ded#rekd
76561198023453470,Not Recommended,273350,15206197,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Holyrelic,"Evolve is one of those games that could have been great but instead tripped on the start of the race and couldnt get up. I have played evolve since release and i enjoyed the start of it, when everyone doesnt know quite how everything works and its enjoyable. Turtle rock did distroy so much of the community by allowing wraith out the way she was (an uncatchable annoyance). Throughout my game time I have noticed a few things : Goliath is fun to face against, no one complains about them. If a Kraken player knows how to play they are unstoppable (Im talking a very good kraken player) And there are so many damn bugs and glitches in this game that the damn exterminator wouldnt know what to do with it. There are so many games where we lost due to a bug. Did the goliath throw a boulder at you while you where at full hp with no strikes? Well there is a glitch that causes it to one shot you. Laz on the team as the medic? Better hope bodies dont fall through the level or teleport accross the map. This game has so many bugs that each game you play you will always find a bug. Playing Parnell and have your shield on and then supersolder? Sometimes the supersolder activates but doesnt work if you do that. This game was in development for so long that i hate how many bugs it has. I do not recommend this game, its far more enjoyable to just watch someone on twitch play the monster or go play something else. Turtle rock you had my hopes up for this game. One of the biggest dissapointing games of the year."
,Not Recommended,273350,16071224,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Glorious Leader,First few rounds was a blast.Then it gets old very fast.not recommended.
76561198088365404,Not Recommended,273350,24645041,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,normie Z̠̖̝͕͍͈͚̫̀̉͞͝,"So...I was playing a game as Meteor Goliath (das prety neet) and I was a stage 1...The Assault teleported above me as Lennox, dealt 9120381908 damage to me each hit, but I could run away.Evolved, got decimated by the hacker, ect, ect.I managed to kill the Lennox, couldn't teleport, dealt one bar of armor per clip of her pistol, had aimbot.Killed the rest of her team except the medic, who had one hit of damage to die.The downed Lennox activated a killswitch, killing me instantly.9120381908/9120381908 would get Lennoxed again"
76561198091260949,Recommended,273350,17923809,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,DapperDan,Freaken Great 10 out of 10 idk what all these sour apples are talking about. The game runs pretty damn well the graphics are amazing. 4 players vs one big♥♥♥♥♥boss monster what more could you ask for. I mean Playing the monster is so FUN!!! but the Hunters is freaken amazing too. I mean there are so many unique characters that you can choose from. Every role is vital. It's the essence of CO OP.
,Not Recommended,273350,16719567,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Papawash,"This game is money-grubbing and disgustingly expensive with all the DLC's. If you're not willing to pay, your game will be cramped and your selection of characters and monsters will be so limited. Do not be disappointed like me, do not buy this game. You're better off playing Borderlands 2 or Payday 2, or Left 4 Dead 2, they're far better."
76561198039602326,Not Recommended,273350,16668405,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Woods Of Ypres,I used to love this game sure the skins were a little pricey but i was okay with it but making us pay for a second season pass just seems like they just want my money at this point and this is why i have to give Evolve a thumbs down. Pay to get characters seems a bit like pay to win to me cause a lot of the new characters are a lot better than the previous ones and if I buy a character for 5 dollars 5 x 5 like i might as well just buy the second season pass but why just for a third season pass to come out and have me waste another 25 dollars nah i think ill just uninstall instead. unfortunately because without new characters/monsters to play this game just turns into a tape on repeat really let me down TRS.
,Recommended,273350,24267054,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Caziban,"Evolve Stage 2 takes a new direction from its controversial predecessor. Overpriced DLC, poor matchmaking, brutal learning curve, & an ugly high-level meta (""Flee till Three"", ""Save the Dome"", & ""God Domes"" to name a few) really hurt the novel game. There were so many good aspects about Evolve, but the glaring flaws made it what it was before Stage 2: A deadbeat game with an average of 100 players per day.However, Evolve Stage 2 resolves many of these problems: The DLC is still there, but now as a F2P game the cost doesn't feel like you're getting ripped off. Characters are relatively cheap relative to the number of Silver Keys (in-game currency) you obtain per hour. In the short couple hours I've played, matchmaking appears to be a bit more stable, not perfect, but it doesn't take 7+ minutes to find a match anymore. Evolve tackles a novel approach to video gaming. Not many games attempt asymmetrical game play and there are fewer who get it right; Evolve isn't without its flaws, but if you're looking for an unparalleled experience with friends and an insatiable feeling when you beat 4 other players, Evolve is definitely worth looking into."
,Not Recommended,273350,16907209,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Alex,It's incredibly fun but the lack of vartiation in the gameplay allows the game to get boring relatively quickly. Especially if the monster is someone who knows what they are doing.
76561197981441664,Not Recommended,273350,16940998,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,VERIFIED ALT RIGHT,"Well.A good game that DLC policy ♥♥♥♥ed up so hard it's been abandonned by the whole player community.Nobody gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥anymore about this game that had reaaaaal potential.even though 80% of the dlc were purely cosmetics.Here's a thing, if you're going to sell skins, dont make people pay the high price of a real game. Make it 25 bucks and sell your craps then. Dont try to sell it a 60 bucks and then shove a♥♥♥♥♥♥into our ears, eyes and mouth.Good game, worst buisness plan ever."
,Recommended,273350,24508507,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Exubion,"I was hyped about this gamed and decided to preorder and drop the $100 on the PC Monster Race edition.Now that the game is F2P, a lot people who bought the game are mad. My 2 cents is, all the content that was bought is still there and now theres people to play the game with. If you think going F2P means you wasted your money, I think the same could be said when there were only 200 people left playing the game.TLDR; F2P is a good thing and youre not losing any money you wouldn't have otherwise if you bought it."
,Not Recommended,273350,14475364,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,BoogieMunster.TV,DLC
76561198007072316,Not Recommended,273350,23622476,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,vega-3,"Though would have been a great game, but they've nickle & dined the crap out of this game to the point you have to ask what was the game and was really added to enhance the gameplay. Just looking at the DLC, not the store, the devs have chosen to sell part of a game and slowly try to get you to buy more.Not really a review, more of a distaste for the direction on how they want so much cash for missing pieces of the game."
76561198008900699,Not Recommended,273350,19361560,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Ironcobra,"Evolve, currently 16 bucks.Guess I'm the dummy that paid 100.This game was a micro transaction hell.EVEN after i laid 100 bucks down for it.AVOID EVOLVE.Evolve is right. Evolve beond micro transactions and don't play this game."
,Recommended,273350,16511264,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,elvaen,"Pros:An absolutely incredible PvP experience that feels like two totally different games depending on which side you play. Playing as monster is a very tense, lonely experience where you live and die by your own wit and skill. Playing as hunters gives you all the trials and tribulations of any intensely competitive coop game, but with the added challenge of fighting against a single player-controlled enemy. Your teammates often make or break the enjoyment. Bring a friend.Balance is pretty good, and has been consistently tweaked (for the better) since release. It's not perfect, but it's good enough that when you lose you usually have an idea why, or what you could have done better to make the difference rather than feeling like you had no chance.Cons:The DLC strategy 2K games has chosen to pursue with this game has left a lot of people feeling like they are being treated like a walking wallet.Because the game really is two different games in one, sometimes you are forced to play the side you don't want to play, and because it's such a completely different experience it may not be what you wanted. I personally think this is the biggest contributor to the relatively low active player count.Even so, I've been playing almost daily since release and I've never had trouble finding a game, even at 3am."
,Recommended,273350,24209723,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,LATEXXJUGGERNUT,"As a gamer who has played Evolve since Launch, Evolve Stage 2 is such a huge improvement.  It is so much more interactive too, with fewer loading screens between matches.  This game deserves to succeed and by extension, the developers of Turtle Rock Studios!The new doming mechanic is so much better, a whole new layer of strategy is required, do you dome the monster now and wait for backup, or do you trail for a bit, trying to find when your teamates will get closer.  As for the monster side, oh, you domed me, are you alone?The learning curve is so much smoother, and the progression and perk system has improved x1000.....Evolve Stage 2 is just.... so good, so much to talk about but it's better to give a go yourself!Pro-Tip:  Pressing Enter and typing '/allmessage' will allow you to text the other team in-game."
,Recommended,273350,24155784,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,╲⎝⧹Marvin42⧸⎠╱,"The game is free now, and absolutely worth a try."
76561198084417846,Not Recommended,273350,16080552,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,the long void,"This is my first review ever on steam, and I must say that it's a shame that its going to be a negative one. When I got the game I really wasn't expecting there to be such a big In-game store (where you can apparently buy skins and unlock characters/monsters instead of lvl up) It gets annoying when devs keep asking for money after you've already purchased a $60-$80 game. Furthermore, the game just isn't worth the price(s) their asking, with the amount of content, which is to say very little. All you do is run back and forth to where the monster is before it gets to lvl 3 and kills everything, and as the monster, all you do is run away until you hit lvl 3 and it's back to killing everything.In all, this game did not satisfy my monster killing needs."
76561197970636091,Not Recommended,273350,14976106,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Elias Blackwood,"WARNING : IT'S OFFICIAL, K2 IS AGAINST FREEDOM OF SPEECH. IT'S ABSOLUTELY CRIMINAL WHAT THEY ARE DOING AND PROMOTING ON THE FORUM !Here are the proof :-----------------THISain't [GE]  Moderatore 19 minuti faAgain, the forums are owned by the private company. Freedom of speech/democracy is for the governments. You have agreed to the set of rules upon creating the Steam account. Further trolling will get you suspended from the forums.Cheers,THISaint----------Their policy is unaceptable. Do not buy. Do it for Humanity itself. They should be OUTLAW right now.The game is good, funny and original. It has some bug, big bug frankly, eg. i get wanky physics most of the time i play the monster (the graphics, sometimes, desync with you action) but, still, is funny. It need some tweak and balance.Patch are really slow to come (they needed months to fix little, annoying bug, as one, very common, that made your cursor disappear, making impossible to select things in menus or setting your evolution point in game) and there is a 1 month delay between XBOX getting  insta-content and us. If you'll buy this on pc you'll be treated as a second class citizen"
,Not Recommended,273350,15771732,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,The Sacrificial Cardigan,Gets old really quick.
76561198081965553,Not Recommended,273350,24179434,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,BadRatZ,"i want to say so many good things about this game. i love jsut the idea of teaming up with my friends and hunting down some big boy monster, and the game was intense on launch, i loved every second of playing it. but no matter how much i love the game, it keeps throwing reasons to make the game less fun. no longer does it feel like im hunting a monster, the trappers are able to constantly remind you where the monster is that it just turns into a walking sim. fights in the dome are no longer fun, before it was an intense battle to see who can outskill or outsmart the other side. now i can have about 6 domes in a match and its just boring as f^&#. i hate the idea that everyone can dome, it leaves the importance of trapper out completely. i hope it ends up getting fixed in the beta. for those that want to play, go ahead its free, and i honestly want to love the ever loving s&@% out of this game. i just cant recommend it."
,Not Recommended,273350,18843582,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,JMZ,Easily 8/10 if you have 5 friends however if you try to solo play 1/10.Becomes so repetitive that you quickly lose interest and unfortunately the unique playstyle does not make up for the fact that the content is very limited.Overall 4/10.
76561198006770786,Not Recommended,273350,18120939,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Hicks,"So I am a left for dead super fan (250 hours of play) and I was expecting evolve to be great. I hate it. To clarify, the game has a great concept and ranking system, but the GUI and wait time is one of the worst games I have ever played. Constantly waiting for the game to start. Here's a fix for you. If players drop out, put in BOTS. I want to play the game with other people, but don't want to wait 10 minutes to load a game. Load the BOTS and then let players join. I don't like to trash a game and give it low marks becasue I KNOW how much coding is involved.IF YOU  WANT TO PEOPLE TO BUY AND PLAY EVOLVE, THEN THE GAME NEEDS TO EVOLVE!!!!!!!!People don't waste your money. I would get a refund if I could."
76561197975014580,Not Recommended,273350,17995715,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,xiionic1,"Clicked ""Quick Play""Waited 53 minutesExitedWill not wait againHow do I get a refund"
,Not Recommended,273350,16564885,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Avenge Me!!!,"Game has been broken since it came out (jetpack is crap, falling through world, stuck in skybox) and how much they charge compared to how limited the DLC's are is a complete rip off. Not to mention how small the player pool is on the PC. Arena mode was blah, only fun for  about an hour but you miss out on the entire chase of regular mode. Was made for people tired of non-engaging lil-♥♥♥♥♥ players. Kraken has been broken. Who has ever heard of a ranged melee attack? There isn't even a good counter to kraken.Of all the games I have ever owned, there has never been one that I so regreted. Go ♥♥♥♥ yourself 2k"
,Not Recommended,273350,14847634,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,lildad209,dO NOT BUY into the hype . I preordered this game a month in advance. I made the mistake of not watching gameplay footage. look on twitch then decide. nobody plays it still
76561198083158979,Not Recommended,273350,14879617,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,The Spurious,After last update game hangs up after evolving from stage one.
76561198050675992,Not Recommended,273350,14860096,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,srbarror,"This game is ruining itself for me fast. i strongly dislike playing as the monster and have it as last pick/ least prefered. the game states that it will always try to give first pick however i have litterally a 100% monster pick whenever i solo que. i dislike playing the monster so much that i leave the game eventhough it makes the game less interesting for the hunters. i feel bad for leaving the game but not as bad as i do when im forced into playing the role i hate. this issue has forced me to only play when i have friends online limiting my enjoyment to only when college work and homework schedules all clear at the same time for two or more people. i love playing as a hunter but this, whatever you want to call it (glitch, bug or otherwise), is so bothersome that i tell people to not get the game so that it doesnt become a waste of money like it has for me."
,Recommended,273350,19408780,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,moOx,"Probably Game of the Year for me, played it on xbox since release and also love it on pcIt's a shame they ♥♥♥♥ed up with the price on release and other stuff, but the game itself is awesome.and to all ppl complaining about dlc prices pls **** cuz how much money do ppl  spend on hearthstone cards or moba character skins so thats just a stupid excuse cuz ur hatin because u want everything for free lolI had many great moments in my 29 years of gaming and just let me say this-'Evolve gets my blood boiling'try to get ur friends into this game, game is so much fun and even more if u play it with friends."
76561198105250990,Not Recommended,273350,16047142,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,SexualJohnMadden,"I am, DISGUSTED, that I paid money for this game. 1st day DLC. That alone should throw up huge red flags. On top of this, the creators insist on you watching some stupid cinematic cutscene set to high graphics settings before you even get a chance to adjust them, meaning people who meet the required settings CAN play, but not after watching a cutscene for 3 hours. Nice touch. On top of this, the game is just boring, with limited monster types, and complete lack of fear factor for the monster, which looks to goofy and cartoonish to be taken seriously. This game is a pathetic, DLC ♥♥♥♥fest that was slated for failure since day 1.0 out of 10"
76561198014922816,Recommended,273350,19949362,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,soaps67,"TL/DRDespite peoples frustrations, this game is actually good if you are willing to learn how to playIt took me a long time to decide to buy EVOLVE. I was really turned off by all the DLC and all the negative reviews and all that normal stuff that seems to be bothering people. This game goes on sale a lot, if you don't want to pay full price, just wait and it will go on sale. and the DLC isn't too expensive and you don't even need it to have a good time really. I started the game with none then slowly got it all.As for gameplay actually goes I think the game is made really well. Being a monster is really fun. Sometimes it's easy because the hunters are bad, and sometimes it's hard becuase the hunters are good. Maps are pretty balanced and so are the hunters. Sometimes you will be hunted by a team that is a really good comp and you will lose and feel like they were to powerful, but that's kinda one of the point as hunters, to build a good team to hunt with, so that's just the game working or you not being good.As the hunters the game can be frustrating, because if one hunter isn't preforming their role correctly, it really messes up the team. But it is still really fun. As long as you put in a bit of time to learn the maps, the monsters, and the hunters. Once you figure out things like that, which you can do in a solo mode that is just like the online mode but is easier cause the bots aren't very smart in this game, being a good hunter isn't hard. If you have trouble finding good teams, you should probably friend people that you play with that do well, so you can party up. And honestly if you think your team isn't doing well, you should just get a headset and talk to them, as long as you aren't a jerk, people will usually work together, which is what this game is about.this isn't a game that you are going to turn on, and start winning, unless you are pretty smart and already understand most of the game mechanics. It takes a while to know the maps and know how to fight each monster. But that's the same for most shooter games. you start off bad not knowing anything, then you learn the maps and how you like to play.some PROS:challenging gameplay that takes skill to learn.So many hunters and monsters have been released that most matches are very different.Different from almost every other online shooter.When the game goes on sale, being the monster is easy cause all the noob hunters.some CONS:the match making system is kinda annoying. hopefully they will update it someday.ranking system is difficult to ascend.sometimes players are stupid and don't listen"
76561198057290482,Recommended,273350,19959797,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Seqkoya,"Alright Evolve what a game.I understand there are mixed reviews about this game but I love it! Its one of those games in my opinion where you can boot it up, have a few games and happily log out.The characters are fantastic and all have their own personality, I play the Medic class most of the time and all of them are unique in their playstyle. My favourites being Slim, Caira and the brand new one E.M.E.T (psycho robot that heals people? Yes please! XD)The monsters are all very unique in playstyle and require tactic to get down. For example, do not expose yourself to a Wraith, otherwise she'll abduct you. Don't clump together against a Behemoth or Kraken, otherwise their AoEs will knock you all down.Sure people are a bit miffed that they have to buy the new hunters, but IF you don't want to, then don't buy them its that simple. They do competitions pretty much every week to unlock unique (FREE) skins for your favourite hunter, or monster :D mine by far is the Voodoo Goliath (Goliath in black with skeletal patterns all over it looks neat!) that i achived by just playing one game (you don't even need to play the Goliath, just get in a game with one in it) and hit the Rock Throw at hunters. The same with hunter contests, you don't have to play the hunter that gets the skin, just have one on your team! I have so many for Maggie and I barely play her, but its awesome to see Daisy in different skins <3I would say the look of the game is very stunning. Fire effects especially :) The Wraiths teleportation trails look awesome and Kraken's lightning looks great too, even though it is a little strong, but that's my opinion of course.If you're wanting a game that looks nice when played and just to casually play an extreme game of hide and seek, I would recommend this game :)Any of you wanna play? Just add me :3"
,Recommended,273350,19293330,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Unicorn Wizard,"This game is dope af.-You can smash tiny humans-You can blow up massive monsters-You can join  multiplayer with a quickstart option so even if there is no players looking for a game it will start it anyways with bots and add players mid game.-They have recently added new content (character variations, new monster)-Player base is growing! Average wait time is now roughly 1 min from quickstart.+Cons:-New content needs to come out faster (it is the only way this game will thrive)-PRICE! drop the price. the price is too high. you are already charging for dlc.-Matchmaking needs help desperately.Summary: Game is very well made and will instantly make you want to play more. BUTTTTT. Wait for a sale."
76561198090840163,Recommended,273350,17931719,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,freeaakr,"After seeing a bunch of gameplay videos of Evole i couldn't wait to play it. I expected it to be really fun and interesing,and after playing for about 10 hours during the Free Weekend i can say that the game met my expectations almost perfectly!Every match was exciting and fun. Despite the seemingly repetetive nature of the gameplay, every match felt different. Different characters really felt unique, and every monster had it's own feel as well. One match would feel like an exciting chase. Another would become a tence hunt where the hunters have no idea where the monster is, and the monster had an awesome stealth experience lurking around and confusing the hunters. Another match might burst into action in the first 2 minutes and become a long, continuous epic battle.It's true that it's hard to actually find a match with people to play, but the reason for that is the overwhelming and often unjustified negative feedback on the game...Everything you read about the dlc pricing, for example, is as relevant to the base game's review as saying that the steak wasn't tasty because the icecream was too expensive...But even if you don't find a multiplayer game, you can just as well play solo with bots, which have surprisingly good AI, that will 95% of the time act like an actual person, employing different tactics with different characters, and being more effective with those characters then the avarage person, creating a more interesting gameplay experience.Is it worth the full price? I think it does though you could always wait for it to be on sale.Is the dlc overpriced? Maybe, but you don't have to buy it. The base game has 15 unique characters (including themonsters), that will probably give you 20-30 hours of enjoyment at least.Are there balancing issues? Maybe. I didn't notice and didn't care. I won some games and lost some games and it was fun.Is this game for everyone? Probably not. You should check some gameplay videos to see the variety and depth of the game and decide for yourself if you like it.Overall, i had fun with this game and want to play more, so i recommend it to you as well."
,Recommended,273350,19989927,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ManoloStyle,"I've been a Steam member for many years and this is my first review. 'Why' you ask? Well, because I'm a huge fan of this game and I really don't know why all of the hate for Evolve. This is what a team multiplayer experience should always be, very unique, very adictive and super fun all the way. Microtransactions you say??? Buy them only if you want, because none are needed to play and enjoy the game, even the core characters are awesome to play with, so you get an amazing game right out of the bat.I know, the developers want to make as much money as they can. Those greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. It's a business. They want money. They wanted money from the moment they started making the game. That is why they made the game. Money is why every single game, song, movie, entertainment is made. They know that the game is good so they want to milk it and make as mouch money as they can. Can you blame them? We would all do the same if we had the chance. Well, I'd like to think that I wouldn't, but maybe you would...wink, wink... Anyway, grow up and get over it. Just don't buy what you don't want to buy. Nobody forces you to buy anything. I don't care for skin DLC, so I don't buy any, but the DLC characters are worth every single penny and I welcome every single one of them. In fact, I would pay for a third season if they make one, and I really wish they would. Each character is so unique and changes the gameplay in such a way, while maintaining a very good, not great, but really good balanced game, that makes all mindless Call of Duty and FPS games look dull and fail in comparison. Don't get me wrong, I love Call of Duty and many other FPSs, but I really wish more games were as unique as this one, that forces you to really play and think as a team in order to win, and still be as much fun. I seriously rate my experince and love for this game as high as those I had with Unreal Tournament, Quake, Doom, Half Life and Street Fighter back in the day, as well as many other past and present gems.Most of the community playing is awesome. and we need more of you. It has a long and tough learning curve, so you have to be patient, but hang in there. All the time spent learning will pay off. After so many hours of my life in this game I'm still the worst monster ever and I am not that good at Assault, but I can seriously consider myself a great Trapper, a very good Medic and a decent Support, unless I use Sunny. I can be really good with her, and also with Jack and Val. I really love Jack, Sunny and Val, and they all provide such a different and unique gaming experience that playing as either one of them was totally worth the entry fee for both the game and the two season passes.Now, keep in mind that the game is not perfect, the worst of it being the wait times between matches, and there might be some jerks that you meet once in a while, but these are things that you find in many other games. Also, most of the bugs are gone and the ones that are still present rarely come up, so they don't really take away from the experince. Try to play with people with mics, listen, communicate, take it seriously and stick together, so that you can learn from the veterans and experience the team tracking and combat tactics that make this game a total gem. I've met a lot of cool people playing and many have significantly enhanced my experience. I also play with friends on console where I have another 200+ hours played, which is where I've been for the last month, since we've had more time to play together; but there is nothing better than getting together a team of people that you met through the game, that share your love for it, and that know what they are doing, and are determined to win. Still, having a group of people, i.e. friends, in the mood for some mindless laughs is just as fun.The point is Buy and Commit. Once you learn it, it will be incredibly hard to put down. Trust me. I'm about to travel for the rest of my vacation, and will be away from it for over a week, and I am already looking forward to my next Evolve gaming session..."
,Not Recommended,273350,14570559,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,«ÐKG»Kimberly-696-,"Might change my review once theres some patching and Anticheat systems added. Game started out alright and one could have a blast. However trainers and certain programs hinder the overall experience.  I know of a lot a fair ammount of people whose Win/loss ratios went from a 2.6 to nearly .5 or less once trainers were developped that allowed clipping, unlimited jetpack usage, monster instantly showing on hud/map/target area. I myself have witnessed games where feeding was perposely glitched out.  Place those games along side games where balance is way off and you get the .5 reasoning.  The average win/loss should hover at 1.2 to 1.0 for both sides. So far, its either horrible good or horribly bad. no goldielocks medium.  Like more thoughtout and tested games.  Granted i posted a positive review once before and i said before that it may be changed."
76561198015129078,Recommended,273350,14529357,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Explosive,"good game, just wait for a drop in price."
76561197965351205,Not Recommended,273350,14847990,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Triptrippen,60$ for a demo.
,Recommended,273350,14594995,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,s0meday,Excellent game for those who wants to play with friends!
,Recommended,273350,20840931,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Stagnatio,"This game is amazing.In other games I've always loved being the little guy in cat-and-mouse situations, from hunting tanks in Battlefield, to slaying dragons in Skyrim. Evolve makes an entire game out of that concept, even allowing you to play as the monster. And it's competitively balanced!The hunters all have jetpacks and infinite ammo, and have to hunt the monster before it can eat enough to stage up. By stage 2, the monster is said to be on equal ground. By stage 3, it turns into a generator defense where the mosnter hast he advantage. At this point, a good amount of teamwork is needed by the hunters to win. Tricky in public games, but very satisfying when you can finally take out the monster.And the game looks beautiful, being built on Cryengine. All of the plants and creatures in the game (some very hostile) fit seamlessly into the game world, making it easy to immerse yourself in.And the DLC hunter releases are very high quality. They look stunning, are really fun to play, and have a surprising amount of lore brought with each release as well.Most of people's complaints from release have basically been addressed. The only prominent issue right now is the size of the player base, making queue times for ranked extremely long. One can generally find a game pretty quickly in Quick Play, though.I would highly recommend buying this. For you and your friends."
,Recommended,273350,20872645,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Dark Sister,"Been there since the Alpha, bought the PC Monster Race Edition and had (mostly) nothing to complain about. If you have a solid team by your side, there's a good chance that you will love this game.. Plus, the Season Passes are now very often for a few bucks on Steam Sale, for all of those who need or want to add some aditional Hunters and Monsters.I admit, the DLC part was not handled very well, but this does not make the game bad. The game is awesome, it is tons of fun once you figured out how to play it and it becomes a challenging experience if you play against or with other more experienced players. I love it. I have always loved it, for it's unique concept, the fun we had as a team, the times when we were frustrated just to swear to ourselves to do it better next time.. We watched videos, read blogs, tried a few things ourselves and we did become better at the end. Maybe even more than good, which just made it more fun! You will need tactics and yes, it will take time to simpy get good, but, at least in my humble opinion, it was absolutely worth every minute."
,Recommended,273350,15232208,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Raptor Jess,Does anyone even read positive reviews or do they just rate them all down?
,Not Recommended,273350,17963718,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,nuke,bad
,Not Recommended,273350,24242425,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,CoorsFrostBrew,"I paid 59.99 for this game when it first released, now its free. I truly feel scammed."
,Not Recommended,273350,16661199,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Darth Kiwi,I got 1 monster and 4 hunters out of a season pass I bought with the game and now I have to get a new one to only to get the one new set of hunters and a monster? Not worth it. Don't waste your money on this game unless it's on sale.
76561198045445577,Not Recommended,273350,17002304,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Large Wager,Too much money for too little variety.
,Not Recommended,273350,24237586,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Nyper,"I paid for this, and now I haven't got anything. I lose my progress, wipe my stats, and now i have a totally different game unbalanced, like the new trapper class, what is useless, with useless weapons, useless skills and without the mobile arena now.  And evacuation mode (the best. the mode because I bought this game) has gone.I paid for it and now haven't got any exclusive except all the characters (what are free for all) and few skins (very few, with the 2 seasson passes)Good job Turtle Rock Studios, good job... You think that we are like the console players, but you are wrong. One less future buyer of any of your games here."
76561198040076995,Recommended,273350,15004853,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Venomatic,Good game where skill and teamwork is required to win as the hunters and Cunning stealth and brutality is required as the monster .Very good game but the mistake the devs made was advertizing all the FUTURE DLCs resulting in many players complaining about that they didnt get what they want when they wanted it.But if you like a good FPS game this is for you and 31 March the new hunters and Monster releases along with 2 new maps.If you arent a gamer who doesnt complain about 1 pixel being out of place and just play the game because its fun then this game will keep you busy for months.
,Recommended,273350,14530929,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,noo.ey,"First of all, all of these ""Bad Reviews"" are from alpha. Most of them are irrelevant. The only DLC that they are mad about are CAMOS, weapon skins and monster skins. And there are only 3 different skins. They are not making you pay for the dlc maps which have not even been released yet. The game is full of exitement and content, I have no clue where they are getting ""Not worth $60"", there is so much stuff to do. Please disregard all of these Pre-Release reviews and listen to the ones that matter. There are missions, levels, buffs, unlocks, and PLENTY of content. This is a very competitive game with leaderboards."
76561198028597180,Recommended,273350,14532890,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Chance,Every one is complaining about COSMETIC DLC'S THAT HAVE ALMOST NO EFFECT ON THE GAME...rather then focusing on the gameplay or anything they are sad because they don't want to buy a skin which is in no way required to have fun with the game...I know however the monster and hunter DLC's will be quite expensive but atleast they arent splitting up the community or anything like that but 90% of the negative reviews are about the skins 10/10
76561197962514924,Not Recommended,273350,15222843,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Jaznap,"As much as I would want to like this game, I just dont.After 69 hours on launch and even more on Big Alpha & Closed Beta I have to say that do not buy this game.Why?- Numerous bugs (affecting mostly the monster play)- Low map pool- Low interactivity- Poor balance on hunters (tier 4 is op and unenjoyable to face)- Poor balance between monsters- Some of the maps are way too punishing for certain monsters- Map designation done priorly thinking of Goliath- The game can be such a snore-fest most of the time- The patching takes a long time (meaning how often the devs patches this game, even though it is in dire need of it)This game certainly does have it's high moments. But the good moments are way too rare.The game does look good, but the mechanics are flawed (especially on monster).This game can and will cause huge amount of frustration and little sense of achievement.Do I have to mention the price of ""DLC"" on this game? oh my, that is just... horrendous.Do not buy this game, buy something else. You will be much happier."
76561198035013155,Recommended,273350,14523239,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,AbsurdCactus,This game is unique and fancy. Buy it.
,Not Recommended,273350,17719724,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,AioriaxWingz,"ITS TOOK FOREVER TO SEARCHING PLAYERS!!Recently i'm almost totally unable to search any others player in multiplayer mode, and ytd is the first time and only once that i successful searching for 2 others player in multiplayer hunt mode in this few week but it still not enough player to start the game!!I thought it was my network problem until i come here and read the review today then i only realize this problem is caused by the new patch..So can you pls remove the rank match system? There are already so less player in my region, and this rank match system make the situasion even more worse than before..I'm bought the most expensive MONSTER RACE EDITION for this game because im really like this game, but im kinda feel disappointed for this game right now, what is this game means to me if i only able to play solo mode with AI teammate in a online multiplayer game?Hopefully the ""searching player"" problem can be fix ASAP!!"
,Not Recommended,273350,14870101,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Oggie,Dont buy this game you will regret it. TOTAL FAIL.... Severs are glichy at best. Toon movemests are quirky and slow. Combat totaly unbalanced. I wasted 60 dollars :(
76561198023750927,Not Recommended,273350,14550824,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Djenrik,"Ужасные баги, вроде того, что играя пц версию, тебе в подсказках пишут какие нажимать клавиши от xbox. Представляете картину, когда начал играть трапером, поставил купол и что бы его снять мне пишется ""нажмите Rt"". Как такой косяк вообще можно было допустить? Вроде не альфа версия."
,Not Recommended,273350,19291267,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Slayer,Easily biggest disappointment of 2015.
,Not Recommended,273350,14536497,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Kotori,This game is way over priced for the content it gives. Plus the DLC is way to exspensive.The game is fun and all but for the price of this game should atleast be $20.
76561198090986901,Not Recommended,273350,14601587,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,LT Taffy,Day one DLC and Microtransactions. Lack of maps. Lack of honesty. Would not endorse 0/10
,Not Recommended,273350,14556985,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,TroyUnwired,"Constant crashes, next to no playerbase due to the terrible marketing job of 2K.I'm sorry TurtleRock, you made a pretty good game. It's too bad 2K went and ♥♥♥♥ed it up."
,Not Recommended,273350,14792943,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,pooley,"Concept is refreshing, kill or be killed. Many, many variations in the way the game can pan out. However being an early release, it still has its moments with bugs. Multiplayer doesnt match up with ""same skilled"" team mates and games turn very frustrating when you have to carry 3 other people thru a match.Also, TRS / 2K, in case you read this, where is the Fifth Playable monster ( still waiting for the 4th - 3 monsters and 4 Hunter class ), additional hunters and the four monster skins?????""The PC Monster Race Edition includes Evolve, Evolve Hunting Season Pass, Fifth Playable Monster, Two Additional Hunters, and Four Monster Skins."""
,Not Recommended,273350,14603953,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Alex.,"Pre-ordered, played beta, played release, don't like it. Not what I thought it would be. Everytime I played as Monster I felt the hunters always had the upperhand. An ""eh"" game. it's not great as everyone says it is. If i could get a refund. I would."
76561197971915437,Not Recommended,273350,14785702,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,MoTaVa,I've been gaming since the original Castle Wolfenstien 3D. I have never been so disappointed in a game as I am with Evolve. I want my $60 back and you can take this crap out of my library.
76561198018388716,Not Recommended,273350,24749731,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,brad,"I bought the game when it was $60. There was no planet scanner or thunder dome placement with a guaranteed monster trap, which used to be able to be placed by only the trapper. This game was fun when you actually had to go and find the monster. not rely on the damn planet scanner to see the damn outline of the monster from far off in the distance. I mean what the hell is the point in monster's ability to crouch around to not make tracks??? Ridiculous. This is no longer a game where you find the monster, because the monster is already found when the hunters hit the ground and use planet scanner. The monster can no longer lurk around to not be detected. The monster now has to dash around the friggin' map eating anything he runs into as fast as he can! Bunch of BS!!! You lost one of your original players Turtle Rock. Ruined one of the greatest aspects of the game."
76561198051828030,Recommended,273350,14509365,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Willllllllard,"The only problem that I currently have with this game is that I can't get into a PVP match by myself, unless if I want to play as the monster.  I have absolutely no interest playing as the monster, right now.  I understand that I pretty much have to be in a party for that not to happen.  I don't want to play the monster, so I shouldn't have to."
,Recommended,273350,14514566,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,' JegueBauer,"Mastery your class first and learn how to play in group.The game balance is focused on END GAME. Dont blame the experience of the entire game based on your 1st hour cause your have nothing to do without progression.There is no OP class (or maybe you just s*ck). Strategy plus team work is the focus of the game.Choose wisely perks and hunters. Try to understand what is your role during the game.Again ""MASTERY YOUR CLASS AND LEAR HOW TO PLAY IN GROUP""Someone says on a review saying: ""TRS made a great game. 2K ruined""I AGREE ;)The marketing practice is bull***tAnd about the DLC. Really? Its a COSMETIC thing. Except for the Monstar Race Edition who adds one new monster (as i said bull***t) its not relevant for a game review and is not necessary to have the entire experience of the game. Evolve is FUN and is a GREAT game."
,Recommended,273350,14513407,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Black Rain,"Price is not a factor to be basing a game review on. It should be focused on IS IT GOOD, which people can then decide whether or not they want the game. In the case of Evolve I can say without a doubt this is one of the most fun games I've played in recent times.The game is fresh, a totally new IP and totally new ideas come together and end up making this amazing game! If you do buy it you will no doubt face some problems but that's something that over time will easily fade out as Turtle Rock fixes problems. All I can say is don't listen to the negative reviews, they're all focussing on problems which don't really exist, it's fun and replayable. BUY IT!!Another important point to note - Of all the people complaining make sure to look at their time played, most have over 25 hours at least, would someone play a game for that amount of time if they didn't actually like it?"
76561198057584292,Not Recommended,273350,14590072,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,ryinca,"Don't buy into the pre-launch hype.  This game is not even remotely close to the fun that Turtle Rock created with the Left 4 Dead series.  The game modes, while fun for a few rounds, get extremely boring after a few run throughs.  The characters have no personality and a mere 5 days post purchase, I find myself struggling to get through a single match per evening.  Even if you have a core group of friends that you play with, which in my opinion is critical to enjoying this game longer term, I question if even then the game becomes a regular habit.Avoid buying ANY DLC if you already purchased and if you're still on the fence, wait for 2K to drop price and don't even consider picking it up for less than 75% off - even then I think you're wasting your $."
,Not Recommended,273350,24817080,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,hot dogs,"i think from a balance standpoint either the devs dont play their own game or they play it at the highest level, because these buffs and nerfs make absolutely no sense in the level 20s. Not to mention that monster rushdown has near to no counterplay since jetpack fuel comes back so incredibly slow compared to monster cooldowns or MAP CROSSING MONSTER LEAPS. I liked this game a lot in its vanilla phase ages ago, and I agree that f2p was a good move, but now we just need some balance for the average joe"
,Not Recommended,273350,14474645,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Jman,"too high in the graphics, and the low setting is almost no effect, makes me disappointed because the minimum requirement, in my pc this game smoothly at the beginning, but after it became haltingmakes me disappointed because've bought a PC Monster Race which also did not get all the DLC"
,Recommended,273350,17931692,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Krakoth,Solid mechanics. Excellent gameplay. Incredible pacing that moves perfectly from anxious hunting to full-throttle awesome action in a heartbeat. Playing either side is absolutely fulfilling.
,Recommended,273350,17924705,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,ascarbek,"I don't know what's wrong with all these negative reviews.I liked the game, very much!It was so much fun! Every player has it's own role and one mission. Every time the fight begins it was so much adrenaline.Game seems well balanced, I may be wrong, only played for a day. Though, that damn Wraith monster seems too powerfull! :)Anyway, I liked playing as a monster, I liked playing as an assault and other hunters. If a team knows what they're doing, then the game will be great. If you're not so much a team player, then go for a monster.Being a monster is all about running away, escaping from hunters to find food at the beginning. Cause there's no point to fight at stage 1. After you evolVe to stage 2, you can try to fight those little humans. But again, if there is an opportunity to escape, do it. At stage 3, nothing can stop you.When you are a hunter, you have a lot of characters to choose from. Honestly, I have not played all of them. I only played as an assault, and a little bit as a medic.There are 4 roles:Assault - damageMedic - healerSupport - bufferTraper - traperEvery role has 4 or 5 different characters. So you can spend a lot of time playing as a hunter.Every time you choose a character that you haven't played yet, you'll get a short brief on that character before match starts. It will explain special features of that character, and give a little tip on tactics.I liked the overall graphics (GTX 750 Ti), the Dropship looks very good, the dialogs between teammates are hilarious, especially in the Dropship at the beginning :) Locations are some mix of jungle and technologically advanced stations.The price tag... well it seems a bit high for me. But with 50% off now, it looks better(of course :)). A big bunch of DLCs looks confusing, feels like in a market. I just want to pay and play, is that too much to ask?Anyway I recommend this game, it is fresh and fun!"
,Not Recommended,273350,14488138,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Oli,Should've spent those 80 euros on a visit to the Thai massage parlour and gotten a happy ending with a complementary ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Avoid like the plague.0/10
76561198034043527,Recommended,273350,14509376,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Crux®,"The game itself is very unique and feels like no other I have ever played. I assume I should first start off with addressing the issues already pressed by others in the community. First off: The glitches. As of tomorrow the game has been out for a week, for any boot up small glitches like these are normal. The glitch most punctual would be the cursor glitch and it still being visible during gameplay about 1/12 times the game boots up, this glitch STILL exists in skyrim so I personally do not see the fuss.The game is exactly what a game should be; fun. No matter what with the progression system you personally win everytime. There is fantastic balance between hunters and monster and have personally found myself impressed with the gameplay of both a team of hunters and a monster player.Another issue the community seems to have is the mass amount of DLC. This DLC is purely and entirely cosmetic and is not pushed on the player in game which I appreaciate. I anticipate a start up company like Turtle Rock does this purely for additional revenue in the help of the start-up. I normally hate when a game is DLC ridden, but since it is not pushed on me in game and does not affect the playability I can let it slide.Lastly; the price. The game gets a lot of playtime from me and is worth the $60 I payed, however it may not be for other players I must say. A ""match"" game like this is sure to go on sale so if you must I would just wait for that.I give the game on my personal scale (0 being do not buy, 1 being fun game try sometime, 2 being very fun game that you really should play, 3 being this game is historic) the game recieves a 2. Go out and have fun."
,Recommended,273350,24212001,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,ˈfænsi,I like the thrill I get when I'm hiding from the hunters...It works very well on my machine
,Recommended,273350,24476125,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,EternalTrumpPresidency,"Evolve is a misunderstood game. It attracted tons of negative feedback and reviews from its admittedly catastrophic launch in 2015. It had a high initial price point and a deeply unpopular DLC strategy. The game itself had a steep learning curve so new and casual players quickly became repulsed.Evolve is now free to play and I'm happy to say that it is a much better game. The learning curve is lower but there is enough complexity in the game for it to remain compelling. There are bugs and balance issues, but nothing is perfect and I think the devs are making honest attempts to fix them promptly.This game has attracted a lot of unwarranted hate in addition to the criticism it deserves. Try this game out, especially now that it is free to play. I find it very fun despite some issues. It is hard to recover from early negative reviews and harsh criticsm but Evolve deserves a Stage 2™."
76561198019907113,Recommended,273350,14416999,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,avnas,"imagine ""The hidden"" with a 15ft tentacle monster beating four people to death, or a teleporting Alien-lookalike that will disappear then eat your face.throw rocks at your friends - get eaten by large carniverous plants today!eat thingspretend to be the hulk and smashwaaagh"
,Recommended,273350,24293675,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Kamea Dark,Big fan of all the changes to the game. I am glad to be back playing again. I feel that the new outlook from 2k about how they ♥♥♥♥ed up his game are trying to be fixed.
,Recommended,273350,24296355,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,AwesomeZebra,"Highly recommended.I am one of those ""founder"" people, bought the game a while back with all the DLC. Please don't trust the negative reviews, this game is worth a try. I paid money for it, I got to play the game long before other people. I enjoyed the game. Only reason I don't have hundreds of hours in this game is because of one reason: my friends weren't playing this game back in the day. And that happened for two reasons: the game was very expensive and the game did not run on slower computers.Both of those problems are eliminated now. Note, that it still requires a decent computer to run it in minimal settings, can't unfortunately give any specs that are minimum. However, since it's free, you can always try it out.+ The game is really fun to play, especially with friends. If you have none, you still have the possibility to play with random people or play as the monster.+ There are plenty of characters who are very unique. Even Hank and Tech Sgt Hank are quite different in playstyle, although they might look very similar.+ In addition, a character might play one style with one team setup, another one with a different setup. There's really no two identical games.+ The variability of the game means that you need to constantly adapt to the situation to win.+ The character backstories are pretty decent and the dialogs are pretty entertaining. Then there are ones like this:[Torvald] Hmph.[Crow] Yeh.[Torvald] Eh.[Crow] Iunno[Torvald] Mmmm[Crow] *snif*[Torvald] Good talk.+/- Pretty steep learning curve. The game can be a bit overwhelming in the beginning, there's a lot to learn. I remember when I bought the game, I played only monster against bots and I lost first 20 games. Nevertheless, I improved and I can't say I'm a great player now, but I am not a total noob.Nevertheless, there are tons of posts on reddit (r/evolvegame) to help new players out, there are guides even here on Steam, you can always practise against bots etc.- The game still has a few bugs. The most annoying in my opinion is the lobby bug. Be prepared to lost a bit of your nerves when trying to play with friends (sometimes one member doesn't make it in to the lobby and you have to try again). On the positive side, devs are aware of most of them and are working hard to get rid of them. Game is updated weekly.- There can be some bitter people in Evolve who can ruin your experience. However, I have played CS:GO and World of Tanks and it's nothing compared to those horrible experiences. Stick around and you'll meet some great people.- There are some ""founders"" who sealclub new players. They know how to play all the monsters while new players are still grasping the basics. You can guess, which side those battles go.I am personally despised with those kind of people, instead of helping new players as a hunter, they use the situation to inflate their virtual♥♥♥♥♥♥♥with big win combos. On the plus-side, it feels great to ruin a big combo with your hunter team.So, to sum it up, there are some problems with the game, but if you are willing to learn some basics and put up with a few bugs (which hopefully get patched very soon), Evolve can be a great experience!____By the way, I think having all the characters unlocked from the get-go, tons of skins and some perks unlocked was a decent enough reward for ""founders"". Some people cried to devs and now we got 30k, which is also nice, but I could've lived without. Tons of people need to grind a lot to unlock all characters, perks etc, I am okay with grinding a bit to unlock some stuff. I am just happy that we have a decent playerbase now."
76561198040920707,Recommended,273350,24660037,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,mrsjval,to me the f2p update was for the greter (<--- sorry) good over all the stage 2 update (what i now call in) was for the greter good
,Recommended,273350,24190675,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Cro,"I played since Alpha back in August '14 and stopped playing around the time Jack was released. I was bored with it, the meta was so locked it felt like you always had to have a Hank as support. The new class abilities are kinda weird to get used to. I don't know how it changed before Stage 2 dropped but it feels a little ""arcade-y"" now. Also the ""challenges"" are a little bland, the crates are kinda misleading, you don't open them they just kinda toss credits at you. It's beta and it's a start.I guess it makes sense to do away with the cloaking field since it was kinda useless in higher tier matches, still miss it though. The planet map on the trapper is alright, kinda helps in ring around the rosey matches, but it almost completely negates Daisy and makes sneaking a little less useful. I mean you still gotta look at the map and try and cut off the monster rather than just follow the red radar thing and a lot of people still just do that.It just seems watered down, and I guess that was the point? There was too high of a skill floor in the meta from like the beta before even the retail release for new players to get their foot in. Don't get me wrong its still there, you have to possess some sort of situational awareness and team based/asymmetric strategy, but it feels a lot more forgiving now.I dunno.Look, It's not the most perfect game out there, but it's still fun. I'm just glad to see that there's new blood in it and the queue times aren't like 30mins at the moment. It's free to play now people, give it a shot.******EDIT 7/9/16*******So I've been playing the Stage 2 version for a couple days and I'm really not into the changes to the core mechanics. This was supposed to be a cat and mouse game where stage 1 monsters had to run and use stealth to avoid confrontations, stage 2 was an ""even"" battle, stage 3 was in the monster's favor but the hunters could still prevent the relay from destruction. Now it's like all that is gone stage 1 seems like a slightly debuffed stage 2, stage two feels like stage 2 and stage 3 can rip apart the relay in like 5 seconds. Theres no reason to stealth as a monster anymore you can just rampage from begining to end because your♥♥♥♥♥♥♥armor regens if you hop away for a moment. I dunno, It's free to play so whatever. Play it. Have fun with this new arcade version, it's just not as nuanced as it was before."
76561198102027676,Recommended,273350,24361945,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Seekersilver,"I applaud the move to change to F2P to increase player base. Though I am a bit busy with newer games like Dark Souls 3 and Monster Hunter Generations now, I truly appreciate the update. Please continue improving the game."
76561198087013412,Recommended,273350,24211258,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,iceorange1,evolve is............evolving?
,Not Recommended,273350,22060632,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,cheekibreeki,I should have read the recomendations before actualy buying the game. ♥♥♥♥ you Steam sales for blinding my decision making
,Recommended,273350,24182439,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,ErA | Erronlol,"Dear Turtle Rock StudiosIf i want to play Gorgon, dont automaticlly switch me to Default (Goliath) or (Meteor Goliath)I just want to enjoy your game againYours truly: DAT BOII'll change my review if this issue ever gets fixed.EDIT: They fixed it."
,Recommended,273350,24180031,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,twitch.tv/atsumi_warrior,"Back again i see, looking at the Reviews!Well, currently a fresh supply of tasty hunters have come back to be eaten, and that's great.I'm glad it gave me everything unlocked, but i currently am just smashing though game after game, not even getting close to losing, because it gave me enough to max out all the perks that i play, so Hunters have no chance of killing me.The closet i got to losing so far, was standing still and going to the bathroom, while evoliving and almost dying to hunters who took forever to find me. :)Glad its F2P, hopefully it brings more of a playbase to Australia."
,Recommended,273350,24286708,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Jestersheepy,"Evolve and kill things, I like this game."
,Recommended,273350,24813922,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,crasherT,Its a free high quality 4 v 1 multiplayer game.come on its free go and try it out!
,Recommended,273350,24243789,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,CAJman777,"So unlike most ""founders"" of the game I'm one of the founders of the game that had really appreciated what they had done. Evolve in it's earliest stage was a very interesting and beautiful looking game and had 4 players hunting down a monster that was trying to hide feed then essentially eat the hunters booty (rather quickly I may add). So when the game first released it was a very enjoyable experience and I got to meet many amazing people. However when the so called DLC simulator struck people started to pull away from this game and sure I understand why, but that's all you cared about?! REALLY?! Come on guys show some respect! However even through it all I stayed and here we are at Stage 2. Evolve Stage 2 is literally amazing! Ever since it's reboot I have played this game so much since then with my friends (and don't let my total play time fool you I'm just a busy person) and I can say TURTLE ROCK YOU ARE DOING SOMETHING RIGHT! It's a fun and interesting game and it no longer feels like a ""running simulator"" as people who only picked up the game for a few hours would call it. Matches are faster paced more intense and no matter what side you're on it overall feels way more balanced than before. Weekly hunter and monster rotations are great for new players to learn and (mind the pun) Evolve, while new players still have the benefits of any characters they had previously before the the game went F2P, but the ""Founders"" can teach a whole new generation of Evolve players what it means to truly play this game! With that said though it's time for a PROS and CONS list.PROS:- Faster paced combat- Feels way more balanced- Hunters have passive health regen when not in combat (great for medics because they don't have to wait to heal other players anymore until combat)- Assaults new defense matrix reduces alot of damage the monster can dish out.- Getting silver keys (the in-game currency) is fast an easy- You can know pick 3 perks and if you pick a higher version of the same perk ie Bronze and Silver Speedloader perk the effects stack- Trappers new planetary scanner shows the relative location of the monster.- Teamwork is hugely Improved- and moreCONS:- Some of the stealth aspects of the game have been removed.- Monster now has PASSIVE ARMOR REGEN which is a pain and needs to be removed- All hunters can dome (ruins trappers purpose slightly) and a new player 1v1 in the dome will die garunteed- Wraith (One of the Monsters) no longer cloaks on deployng Decoy.- Removed Supports Cloaking ability which was clutch for staying alive against the Monster if you were the only one left.- Expert players (Unfortunately) can be rude to new players at times.- Gave Lazurus' Lazurus Device (A heal tool and gives no penalty and can revive dead players) ALMOST A MINUTE COOLDOWN! It MUST go back to the 3 second cooldown for combat purposes (Otherwise LAZURUS is a useless medic)- Power Relay now has less health (approximately a 75% health reduction)- Monsters NO LONGER flinch when attacking the POWER RELAY if one person is shooting the monster (You know so they win the game) unless multiple teamates are shooting at it or a heavy damaging weapon is used (NEEDS TO BE FIXED ASAP)- Some of the stealth aspects have been toned down to much. This took away the one thing that made WRAITH unique (Definitely want Wraith to be stealthy as she has the lowest health of all monsters)!- EVERY TEAM MEMBER NEEDS A MIC OR WINNING AS HUNTERS IS VERY HARD AGAINST AN EXPERIENCED MONSTER!Things I'd like to see:- A little faster progression- A little more focus on stealth, but at the same time maintaining the intense combat- Jetpacks using LESS fuel when Jetpack Dodging in combat with the monster.- A revamped NEST mode.- More maps (Already planned).So... that's it really. Take away what you want from this review, but I've been there since the beginning and I can say TURTLE ROCK IS on the right track to making this game what they originally set it out to be! So, I hope to see some of you in-game with me and I'm looking forward to what comes next!"
,Recommended,273350,24190153,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,LostSandwich,Making this game free to play was probably the only good decision the developers have made since launch.
76561198081153719,Recommended,273350,24176667,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Chef Boyardee,"Very good game, the revisions made the balancing way better and the free to play system doesn't feel pay to win"
76561198049119725,Recommended,273350,17923382,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Bananaldo,"Pros:>great game overall>planned updates for up to a year or more, meaning more characters and maps and modes.>continued balancing>amazing character and world design>availability of solo play means you can replay the game indefinitely *unlike bucketfall*>clever bots are clever>addictive if you're into the whole boss fight, teamwork required, imma eat your corpse OMNOMNOM kind of thingCons:>business model is a turn off and comes off as greedy (but to me it's just really stupid)>community can be unforgiving at times i.e. trash talking>not for everyone. game may be repetitive for some"
,Recommended,273350,24225699,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Rex 81-12,"Evolve Stage 2 is a significant improvement on Evolve (Stage 1?). Not only did they make the game Free to Play, they rebalanced EVERYTHING. Even the maps are different to revolve more around the Hunt gamemode, which is the only gamemode you can play with matchmaking now. You can play Arena in a Custom Game. If you had any interest in Evolve, owned/played Evolve before but it seemed to lack balance or you love a challenge. I strongly suggest you download this game, I mean, it's free now, completely, not even DLCs are left, everything can be earned in-game."
76561197989026060,Recommended,273350,24487962,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Fucking VAC sistem...bleat,"Игра супер, молодцы что сделали ее бесплатной, действительно оживили ее)))"
,Not Recommended,273350,15780285,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,bleblock,"How the meta is set for in-game matchesCommon scenario #1:You run around for 20 minutes chasing a monster and then you have a 30 second brawl in which the hunters usually lose.Common scenario #2: You end up in a match where the player chooses not to attack the hunters while playing as the monster; which gives the game about 1-2 minutes playtime.Common scenario #3: If the player chooses the Monster ""Wraith"" good luck, because it has not been balanced. And it will kill your entire hunter team off by the time it even gets to stage 2. (less than 8 minutes)The matches vary by player skill and motivation. If even one person isn't playing or backs out, the entire game becomes broken and one sided. This is a horrid game mechanic flaw and it is not worth 60$ for the amount of frustration (a game that is made to entertain you) gives.1-20 games will be interesting and worth your while. (This means that everyone is at fair skill level and nobdy leaves the match) Timewise; you will spend on average playing 400 minutes and only 20 mintues will be a balanced and potentially enjoyable game. I have spent many hours trying to make this a game I can be content with, every one of my ""friends"" has stopped playing due to the reasons I've stated. That is roughly 12 players I knew that moved on to something else before rank 25.Boring as hell, also this game is riddled with micro transactions. Wraith is OP (one of the in-game monsters) Unabalnced and a grindfest without any inticing gameplay mechanics. Jetspacks for the Hunters are a tidious component in movement; especially when coming from a game like Titanfall. This game is worth about 15$ and that is it. Do not buy at full price, you will be disapointed in the long run."
76561198037255694,Recommended,273350,24176108,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,NOONESPLAYINGMARVEL,I played this game back at launch and honestly it was very enjoyable. But its absurd amount of day 1 dlc and lack luster content pretty much ruined this game. Turtle Rock made the right move by making Evolve free 2 play along with balance changes. Everyone who purchased the game along with dlc will have their goodies carried over. I'm very happy with this version and im confidant that Evovle stage 2 will grow to have a healthy player base. Thank you Turtle Rock you have restored my faith in your company.
76561198098410472,Recommended,273350,14445819,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Party P3opl3 9,"Brilliant, exciting and upbeat game."
,Recommended,273350,24259645,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Sushy -iwnl-,You should definitely try it.
76561197998757796,Recommended,273350,24400820,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Drathin,"Played during Alpha, Beta, released paid and now F2P. I think they have made the game a lot more fun than it used to be. You still need to learn a bit about the classes and monsters, it helps to play both. Also as the hunter you need to know how to chase and cut off the monster and stay seperate in fights with the monster, not all bunched up. You'd think thats a given, but you'd be surprised. Overall it's best played with friends! I think it's a great game!!"
76561197983947611,Recommended,273350,24317891,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Will Whiskey,Ok so i gotta revrite this review now that stage 2 is out.And i wont write a long one like before this one is gonna be short because nobody likes walls of text anywaySimply put Evolve stage 2 looks VERY promising they fixed SO MANY issues with the game and still are working on new ones harder than they were in the past it seemsWe got 2 hotfixes a week after they announced stage 2. and they fixed some rewally annoying bugs (like the revive bug)The game has yet again a big player base now and i hope it atleast keeps half as many as there are now because its really awesome when you dont have to wait 15 mins for the lobby to fill upHonestly guys if you want more information without the boring reading just go check out GrizzleMarines youtube channelhe pretty much sums it all upEvolve stage 2 gets an upvote from me because its freaking great now
,Recommended,273350,24180263,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Frozen Spookscelot,"Going F2P was the best thing that happened to this gameAlso at the time of writing this, Evolve went from under 300 players to over 17,000 playersfun while it lasted!"
76561198055663304,Recommended,273350,24180319,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Yllygan,"This game was a great game, but now... IS MORE THAN GREAT and now people can play it for free.Just play it, or at least try it, it's a good game but, you know, #HatersGonnaHate"
76561198110565937,Recommended,273350,24183224,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Syzlx,Honestly one of my favorite steam games of all time. The Rush i get when playing monster in Evolve is something else. Recomend this game to anyone/everyone. Especially now that it's free to play.
76561198030714003,Recommended,273350,24181504,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,RoQe,"howdy peeps!I used to play the old Evolve a bit, took a break and came back to see stage 2 released!after a few small custom games, the game feels alot smoother and there is nearly no toxic gameplay compared to before.few things that were changed:you do not rely entirely on a good trapper anymore :D doming (trapping) the monster is now available for allnew features that actually work well!few maps and gamemodes have been taking out for the time being, maps will return when they are fixed gameplay wiseits free to play! I can play with my friends!founders pack, loving the new looks ;)and many more! I love it :Dpersonally, I recommend playing the game, but then again, I enjoyed the earlier version as well.the fact that your low budget friends or those with doubts can join as well, that just adds to the play experience and the playerbase size :D"
,Recommended,273350,24438233,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Craptor Squeak,Repeatedly demolishing my friends because they're crap at this game? SURE!!
,Recommended,273350,24397162,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Your Favorite Squarehead,"paid 30 bucks for it on sale and regretted it, however making it f2p and bringing more people in to play is well worth the money i spent vs having a dead game in my steam library"
,Recommended,273350,29797244,Posted: 9 February,all,PetSven,"A fun game for a little while, but it gets old quick though. I can't complain though because I did not pay anything for it."
,Recommended,273350,24193933,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Darkstalker Kaathe,"After 1 year  . Evolve back from ashes , finnaly more players , more improvement , more faster ,"
76561198215075417,Recommended,273350,24247859,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,SgtFrog,I bought the game. I loved the game. Then it backstabbed me. In the end. It's my abusive wife. But we love eachother.
76561198114478556,Recommended,273350,24274107,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Sweepy,"this is a REALLY good game, even when it wasn't F2P. but now... oh man dont even get me started"
,Not Recommended,273350,25627111,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,[4:20] Rocco,paid a lot of monwy for this game. now its free. i want my money back. :(
,Not Recommended,273350,15015245,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,MuscularYoda,"A prime example as how NOT to release and support a game on PC.Garbage, find another game.Turtle Rock should be ashamed, $154 in DLC. GET ♥♥♥♥ED."
,Not Recommended,273350,17901341,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,BadgerTycoon,"matchmaking is bad search times are 5 mins plus, the ranking system is♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the games loses it's replay value quick with the limited monsters. It's still fun but there's alot of issues that need to be addressed. 6/10 just cuz it's pretty to look at. :/ i really wanted this game to be good."
,Not Recommended,273350,15709756,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Slimeball,It was fun at first but very unbalanced! Monsters have the ability to take out a squad in a few attacks if they have the right upgrades and there is very little content. As much space this game takes up I thought it would have more maps and game modes but IT DOESNT! By the time they came out with more content I was already done with the game.
,Not Recommended,273350,18301821,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Seamus big mac,♥♥♥♥♥gameee
76561197994699886,Not Recommended,273350,29455362,Posted: 23 January,all,lustfulSHARK,"3/10Even though it's free it's not worth installing, it's like primal carnage with no fun.Utter♥♥♥♥♥ they♥♥♥♥♥♥♥it up to the nth degree.Great concept, terrible execution."
,Not Recommended,273350,16658841,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Bathing Toaster,"***EDIT***Since the game is now F2P, it's even worse. The Monster can't escape the arena now with smart play. The Trapper Class Ability overlaps with their unique trapping ability making, which is pointless. Grind for perks?! REALLY?! Why did I buy the PC Monster Race Edition again? Oh yeah, that's right, so Turtle Rock can kill the game with bad DLCs and then turn it F2P.When I played the beta I was overwhelmed by how awesome this game seemed to be.When it realeased and there was a massive outcry about the in-game store, I didn't worry much.When it took a month for a very basic fix to come out (mouse cursor appearing/disappearing) I got a bit worried.When they didn't release any new content for months and the player base died I got very upset, but I tried to remain hopeful - maybe a big steam summer sale discount will revive it, maybe it will go F2P, maybe they will do some awesome new game mode (btw Arena update was such a poor idea)When they announced the SECOND SEASON PASS I went on Steam to write my first bad review.♥♥♥♥ YOU 2K, ♥♥♥♥ YOU TURTLE ROCK AND F**K THIS PATHETIC GAME.P.S. I want to be able to refund this trainwreck so badly... :("
76561198104052868,Recommended,273350,24246376,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,lil purpp wit parkinsons,"I have high hopes for the new version and I like the fact that the devs were not just going to let this game die. Since it is now free to play, I think I should get my 20$ back, or get some kind of season pass for DLC."
,Recommended,273350,24302999,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Jeff,"The Stage 2 updates have done wonders for the pacing of the game, and they've now bumped up the founders rewards so they're not ♥♥♥♥♥♥. Really a lot of fun, and definitely something you should check out for your multiplayer competitive fix."
,Not Recommended,273350,24269909,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Megumin,"Perhaps the main reason I first left this game before it went free to play was the lack of content.They've now removed all but the main game mode, and how improved and balanced that gamemode is is still up in the air.Beyond that there is still some glitchiness with the party system, multiple times some of our members would be kicked out of the group and one of us would be put in a party with randoms.There is also a lack of quality of life and information that is really unnacceptable. For example unless I missed it there is no way to review the abilities and stats of each character and monster in the game before you unlock them, and still very limited information after you do so.The game also still suffers from the perk system, those with more play time are objectively better than those who are newer, and I have seen many complaints about the mmr system, assuming there is any, outside of competitive.From a more personal preference I greatly dislike how much more casual they have made the game. Giving all hunters the ability to dome the monster as well as a way to ping the monsters location every certain amount of time removes one of once most lauded aspects of the game, the hunt. No more can you skillfully juke the hunters and expect more than 20 seconds of freedom before they are on your trail again. The gameplay has significantly sped up and makes it far less atmospheric and engaging. It feels more like an arcade game now.I'm also unimpressed with the founder rewards, and do not appreciate having all my progress reset and my skins taken away.For these reasons and probably more I am forgetting, I would not recommend this game to my friends."
76561198090252228,Recommended,273350,17911248,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Jamanfi,"Played it during free weekend and now seriously considering buying it. Very addictive and deep game with plenty of progression and lots of different monsters/hunters to try out. Can't say I've experienced any real problems like the ones described in other reviews.Edit: Well, after a couple more hours playing, I have found some pretty major annoyances.Firstly, there's no way to view the game's chat history. So if somebody types something, you have about 3-4 seconds to read it before it's gone forever. Completely unnecessary, especially as this is a pretty basic function for multiplayer games.Secondly, if you don't pick your role within like 10 seconds you just get kicked, and it can be another five minutes before you get placed in a game. Why not just assign the roles automatically? It's a pointless system.Thirdly, there's some sort of bug. In no way am I running an old machine, yet when the Cabot hunter uses his dust tagging ability, my framerate drops to around 5.If it weren't for these problems, the game would be almost perfect."
,Not Recommended,273350,16926681,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,pardise,"When the game first came out it was grate fun and well balanced. The subsequent dlc and balance “fixes” have destroyed the game completely. The dlc is always overpowered either by design or by accident. Each release of dlc drives more players away. The over zelas “moderating” of the forums has alienated the player base. Its surprising that any developer and publisher could miss manage a game so badly. Even playing with friends it’s so badly balanced it just isn’t fun. The maps are far too few and content is thin on the ground.It’s a shame as the game idea was good and the base game was fun. But its design of four players against one needed careful management, which sadly it has not had.If you’re thinking of buying it give it very careful thought and check the player numbers. It really isn’t worth much over £15 in its current state most of the fun you get if any will be in sp."
,Not Recommended,273350,16933065,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Lopine,I like this game but as i have played it and as the patches have come out one buy one i have realized that this is a game buy hunters for hunters. The monster is just an obsticle and a form of delay for the hunters to get there xp and level up there skills. The monster dont really stand a chanse against any team of hunters that play together as a team. The monster dont really stand a chanse against a good hunter team. And the game have imo bin more and more balanced to favor the hunters. And thats why i only play solo against ai. I dont hate this game and its a game thats the most fun with friends. And i have had much fun playing it. So i could vote like but i dont like it that the devs only favor the hunters and the monsters never really stand a chance so im afraid i have to give this a no and that makes me a bit sad tbh and i dont really want to but i feel that i have to.
,Not Recommended,273350,18661227,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Siguy0520,Didn't even work
,Recommended,273350,24170244,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Suurak,"Literally the only thing that made it so I wouldn't recommend this game to my friends before was the massive paywall. Now, with that gone, I feel like my friends and I will be able to throw down hundreds of hours into this game. Also, steam charts is reporting an increase of around 150 players before to nearly an 11.8k PEAK TODAY. It's insane! Come join all the fun!"
,Recommended,273350,20140499,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,ChickenHeart,A fantastic asymetrical multiplayer game that's hamstrung by triple-A game pricing/DLC and the need for competent players to make rounds interesting. Also a playerbase that peaks in the double-digits.Jetpacks and flamethrowers are icing on the cake.
76561198035608063,Recommended,273350,24172763,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,[WS]TheHarrynator,"Honestly F2P was the best choice they could have done for this game, although I am not a fan of the graphics downgrade, and the way they have taken out multiple maps and some features.But either way, this game is actually worth it now.. aka.. FREE"
76561198091307138,Not Recommended,273350,25871058,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Huon,"I dunno, man. Loved the game in Alpha, Beta, and pre-DLC launch. Stage 2 is a lot flashier and combat-oriented; it's not so much of a ""hunt"" as a ""brawl.""I'd want to come back to the game if more people were on Legacy mode or if they implemented the game modes in the Honest Trailer for the game, but the game's just not there right now."
76561198037138569,Recommended,273350,19852720,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,GordnBenit,"Until the sales, I had written this game off as a money pit what with all the extortionate DLC controversy. It had put me off totally from buying it until now.At £16.65 for the game and all major DLC's included, I couldn't resist, so went ahead and got the game just to see where it's at now; I'm very glad I have done.I was surprised at first by the sheer depth of strategy involved in this game, be it Monster or Hunter. I'm finding it a challenging yet enjoyable experience to build familiarity in each of the character's abilities, with more than enough characters to keep things interesting, across a variety of maps that also provide an impact on your playstyle and what combatants you should select.It's a huge balance between teamwork, skill and plain luck, making matches pretty damn intense. My most enjoyable experience thus far has to be mastering the art of camoflague, and managing to hide a 2-story tall Monster by making use of the ingame foilage, watching a team of hunters just stroll by without notice.I've not had this much fun in a multiplayer game for quite awhile, and would highly recommend it to anyone who's willing to:a) Forgive the steep prices of the in-game DLC (just get it on sale)b) Embark on a steep learning curve, straught with frustration and failurec) Feast on the corpses of your freindsd) Roleplay Cthulue) Have a ♥♥♥♥ing awesome time in a decent game"
,Not Recommended,273350,26087739,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Sgt.MorningWood,This game used to be very fun although everyone rarely played it but when they made stage 2 they absolutely obliterated everything fun about the game. i lost my progress and all of the extra content i purchesed. the short story is its a waist of time and money.
76561198083017034,Not Recommended,273350,24258262,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,ExaBitGaming,"really fun game, yet one complaint. as a ""founder"", you ONLY get some new cosmetics. to be honest, for 50 euro, you would expect more than cosmetics.pros:incredibly fun gameplay, which is incredibly well-balanced and, in general can be tipped to both sides.cons:few people played it, making me get less than hooked.*re-edit*steam ♥♥♥♥ed up, so i'm writing this again.the devs are too greedy to give us founders (60+ euros wasted) enough to buy a decent skin. heck, its soo little, you can get that amount in one hour.not only that, you also get these ""cool"" cosmetics. they better be god-like if they want to make it up to the ones who shoved our money in their faces to fund their money-hungry game.in the long run, it was worth it at first sight. i completely changes my mind. f*ck this game, f*ck the turtlerock nobsuckers."
76561197968858931,Not Recommended,273350,17934000,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,bigtig,"I really wanted to like this game.I played in open beta and it was frustrating at first but after a few days it got pretty fun.  There were balance issues I figured they'd address, but overall it wasn't a bad experience.When the game went live, the price was prohibitive for the state the game was in at the time so I held off purchasing.  This weekend though, it went on sale so I figured I'd give it a shot again and see if it had improved.I was sorely disappointed.  Matchmaking takes absolutely forever with people constantly abandoning the queue for one reason or another (it never really tells you why).  I spent most of the time ""in game"" in the menu waiting for it to find players to start a game.Graphically the game is pretty solid, and the sound is also pretty well done; I really like the concept of 4v1 PvP, the controls are pretty easy to get used to if you've played any other FPS games, and the characters have interesting personality and cross dialogue.  But these few bright points are far from enough to save what was ultimately a frustrating experience.I haven't followed the game at all since beta but it doesn't feel like any of the balance issues that existed back then have been addressed in the slightest (though maybe I'm wrong, I couldn't actually get enough play time in to really tell...but Wraith is absolutely OP).So in summary, even at half price this game is not worth the buy.  They should've done as everyone else has said before me and gone Free to Play with purchasable content like skins or player models.  As it is there are too few people even playing to make it worth joining a queue for a game."
76561198072847373,Recommended,273350,17978794,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,⋆｡˚ʚ♡ɞ˚｡⋆ Gibs ⋆,awsomesauce of a game
,Recommended,273350,17923458,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Zero x3,"I have owned this game on the PS4 and it was a capped 30 fps, which you could understand is not a very good frame rate for a shooter. But on PC playing in 60fps was a huge improvement. My graphics card was unable to run the game in a very high performance rate.GPU: AMD Radeon R9 270But even though i had to settle for Medium graphics the game still plays an impressive part in Predator vs Prey, the battle to see who come out to be the true Predator, and the prey..For PC? i give this game a very high rating. Still exceeds my expectations and they have a whole new variety of badass to unveil.If you are a gamer for Stealth, Agression, Teamwork and Many modes, maps and gameplay variety i suggest Evolve to be a title that is worth more than a try.PS: I wish i could run the game in Very High, But still very Very VERY satisfied.Happy Gaming!"
,Recommended,273350,18748885,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,5★ OneManArmy,Very nice game !!!
76561198063210401,Not Recommended,273350,16095430,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Krow,"The game-play is fun, it gets boring too quickly to make it worth the price.The game has an ok amount of content I suppose, it’s priced like it has a massive amount… it does not.I could go on but I think you kind of get the direction this is going. It’s a good game, fun to play, could use more content as it gets a bit repetitive after a while where other games with less content don’t. But it is most certainly not worth the amount of money they are demanding for it."
76561198062840974,Not Recommended,273350,16095646,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,M3T4L PH30N1X,I got a skin for a Monster I don't even own. PC Monster Race includes a skin for behemoth but does not include behemoth. That seems really odd to include a skin for a monster the end user won't even own.
,Not Recommended,273350,16763869,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,strahmdude,This is a multiplayer game with a dead community. Have fun waiting hours for a match and then have fun playing with AI.
,Recommended,273350,24208126,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,nachomeep,"This new update really rebalanced the game. I love it even more now, and I've always been a big fan."
,Recommended,273350,24191004,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,ebaynetflix,"The changes made thus farr in Stage 2 have caused the game to determined by a number of small skirmishes that happen far more frequently. While the game timer might have been cut in half, the typical game length has been decresaed significantly while actually increasing the number of fights in a game.I stopped playing Evolve on the Gorgon patch because of dwindling numbers, and back then the game was often decided in 1-2 fights in a typical game. Either the monsters expertly evaded the hunters and hit level 3 or got a good jump on the enemy team at level 2, or the humans would locate and desimate the monster early. While it was certainly possible for the match to go a different direction, this was the typical flow of gameplay in an Evolve match.In this update, monsters are far less vulnerable stage 1 and due to change dome mechanics often can escape the first dome. During this fight, the players are aiming to get through the monsters armor (that builds and regens much more quickly than ever before) while the monster is aiming to knock players down, build up strikes, and low the dome time before running off again to rebuild armor and hopefully evolve. After that, players seek to keep up with the monster in a chase and if the players can track down the monster before it evolves again they will typically gain an extremely large lead over the monster.Due to moving a skill point from level 3 to level 1, Stage 2 is now a very large power spike for the monster. While prior to Stage 2 I would of said that the monsters and heros are even at Stage 2, if the monster manages to get to stage 2 at full health, it has the a noticable advantage.Overall, these changes serve to make Evolve a quicker and more engaging experience and I believe are a positive direction for the game to take.My current complaints are:-Behemoth should not be able to be played by veteran players or anyone right now. That is an unfair advantage to veteran players. Please disable him or release him.-The UI has a long way to go. There's no way to pick your default skins outside of charecter select. The video intros to new charecters are gone and that will likely leave new players confused since nothing was done to replace those small charecter overviews.-Removed numerous game modes: consider taking up Overwatch's Quickplay feature and reintroduce Arena and Defense to the mode to offer more variety. Defense was among my favorite modes to play as a monster and Arena is a great way to introduce new players to the game.-Bucket can no longer remove his head. I miss it.-New lighting system makes the game clearer but we lose a lot of atmosphere in its place.-I still hate man eating plants those 1-2 games you walk into them while your team is fighting in the dome."
,Not Recommended,273350,17930584,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Arsenal of Autism,"The servers are ghost towns, the maps are visually and mechanically interchangeable, and the various hunters and monsters are all over the place as far as mechanical balance goes. There's a great idea for a game in Evolve, but it's buried somewhere under a pile of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that isn't worth digging through to find the fun. Might be worth it if the game ever gets as low as $10 and more people start playing more of it, but if Steam Refunds existed when I picked up this title I would have absolutely refunded my purchase the same evening that I made it."
76561198024250845,Recommended,273350,24266421,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,z4.Nas,Hear alot of people complaining about this game. Since the game has gone F2P its been awesome. The player base has definitely returned and the gameplay has always been excellent. Dont listen to all the complainers in here. Most of them didn't play it long enough to judge the game to begin with.
76561198072604746,Not Recommended,273350,24226616,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,AyyAshbee,"Evolve is an amazing game concept don't get me wrong, however this game is in the wrong hands. I understand going F2P was all Turtle Rock could do for this game's community to try and bring it back but it is not enough to correct the core problems of the game.This ""Revamp"" of the game, I feel has taken out some of it's charm. The game is much less about the cat and mouse feel with shifting balances of power throughout a game. Overall, it feels much more dumbed down, and less about the thrill of the chase from both sides; It's now more about straight up combat between the monster and hunters, with most of what I feel was the uniqueness of the game ripped out.I just can't reccomend this game, because I do not feel like this is the right direction for Evolve.Let this game die, and allow a better company to fill the overly underwhelming shoes of Turtle Rock; and do this game concept justice."
76561198194908179,Recommended,273350,18021742,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,daip,"So far, this game is amazing. Great weapons, graphics, and overall gameplay."
,Not Recommended,273350,16660199,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Wolf Warrior,"Game is fun to play definitely... however their pricing strategy is at least stupid to say. Not surprised so many players stopped playing it. I like it and would play it more, however pricing strategy and constant ""make people pay for everything new we release for it"" is just too much in my opinion. Game on its own is good, however still needs a lot of bug fixes"
76561198101599241,Not Recommended,273350,19107818,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Dooky Butter,"Unless you are gonna play nonstop monster dont bother. This game a proper example of how not to balance sides. Only way you win as a hunter is by lack of skill from the monster. If you have equal skilled monster and equal skilled hunters, monster wins. Playing monster is a OP rapefest. Playing as  a Hunter is a being out manuevered and you tickle with your weapons ♥♥♥♥ fest. I am late at reviewing this game cause i let some time pass since release to see if some of the promblems changed. But no. If a hunter weapon does some even close to decent damage it gets insta nurfted. How the ♥♥♥♥ can you be two shot by a monster that has spamable abilities but you pump magazine after magazine of ammo and you take its armor only......"
,Recommended,273350,27842576,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,VitorGK,"Played it before the update to Stage 2Now it still as good as it was before but need the old game modes like Nest, Rescue and Defend"
76561198079234051,Recommended,273350,14549013,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Nailo Lilenda,"To those who know me, this fits so well with what I enjoy. Tactical choices galore with asymettric gameplay is pretty awesome.After playing for 50 hours or so I can say this game is still fun as ever and is definitly a game to play with friends. As a team of hunters teamwork and communication is the only way to beat a really good monster. Monster is the role to play if you don't have friends to play with as its a solo experince that is just as fun. Otherwise if you like hunter play alot I'd reccomend playing solo mode for a bit or find some talkative players online and friend them :). The price tag is pretty hefty but considering the quality of the game its not to surprising. DLC seems to be a heavy topic when associated with this game but the only dlc content offered that isn't cosmetic is the extra monsters and hunters, which should be balanced alongside everything else so that the game is even and fair. So in the end of things I would give it a very good reccomendation, not the best because its gameplay is nowehere near as good unless you have a few good buddies willing to play with you, but still its an amazing game."
,Recommended,273350,24171343,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Jam,"Free to play was a needed change but its a little too late.If you're new to the game its probably worth trying out if you know two major things:Not all hunters and monsters are available to you off the bat, don't expect perfectly fair games since many players have all the characters since they owned the game. This while debatably isn't a big disadvantage, still will probably bother new players. Unlocking things with in game currency is what you would expect, 5-10 rounds nets you what you need depending on if you win or lose.This game has a pretty cemented meta, even with all the changes a monster with feeding speed and move speed will avoid you like the plague, and as long as they know to get domed in areas where they can hide they will avoid you there too. If you go in against the legacy players you will probably feel pretty lost, and since they reset all progression, you WILL get matched with players much more experienced than you.If neither of those are deal breaking then the game could be a good fir for you, ive played periodically since beta, and you eventually come to realize that the pros outweigh the cons. but the flaws tend to be the first thing new players encounter so evolve tends to be a love or hate game depending on how patient you can be.As for returning players who are already familiar with the game, they have changed a lot.Perks have undergone a (needed) rework but I still find myself going for the same perks, I just can combine them now.This is actually big for hunters, you can play to a hunters strengths easier this way, rather than having to take jetpack recharge most of the time.The dome was also reworked, for the better as far as I could tell from what I played. as the monster I prefer it this way since many games were decided on weather or not I was domed at stage 1, and if I wasn't id snowball to stage 3 and win without a fight. the new dome promotes skirmishes along the way which is just more fun for both sides. this also reduces the impact of one bad teammate.I don't disagree with any in game changes, however I did notice one really upsetting thing as a returning player.they removed all my elites. I don't feel good about the majority of my progress being wiped away, eliting monsters and hunters was the only thing to do really, aside from ranked which just split up the playerbase...not only did they remove the icon next to your name, they took away the skins as well.Sure founders get some extra skins, but most of us already picked up a boat load of free skins from the weekend events.The elite symbol was cool, and the elite hunter skins were some of the best.Its worth a try if you dont mind the disadvantage of not having all the characters, if you do you probably only play Dota 2 anyway."
,Not Recommended,273350,15157543,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Dinomatic,"As of the most recent update this game is completely one sided.With the new hunters that cost $7.50 each the game is not even fair, spend $7.50 on a hunter and you are guaranteed to win as long as everyone is your group isn't brain dead. With the new assualt class (the one that costs money) the guy pretty much has a 30 second recharge (if that) ability that damages the monster for 1/10 of its health is aimed right. The hunters also seem to have had their health boosted, to the point to you have to spend 2 minutes to kill one hunter, with all the other ones taking down your health and armor.After this most recent update I would not reccomend buying this game, because if you are the monster, you are gunna loose is they have the purchased hunters (which most of them do).If they change the game then maybe it could be beter in the future."
,Not Recommended,273350,16419702,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Scrab,Fun but way too expensive. Get it on discount.
76561198070693075,Recommended,273350,24274548,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,XregularC,"Earlier you had to pay for the game, so I bought it. I liked the game then but it turned out many people did not so tha game got pretty abandoned. I haven't played evolve for about a year, until the recent days. I like the changes in the game and I see this as a positive thing. Do I feel cheated because I purshased the game? No, no I do not. I got to play the game earlier, I've gotten some sweet bonuses now because I purchased it back then, the game mechanics have improved and are still being improved and most important of all the game is alive once more! I understand why you would feel cheated but really this is overall a good thing. If this update never came through the game would die VERY much sooner, so I'm just thankful this happened. One bad thing though is that I've played much more than the flood of new players and I also have some bonuses. As one who mains monster I have a win ratio of around 9/10. I'm almost willing to lose on purpose to let newer players enjoy the game, and that's a problem. Although this could be fixed over time I would like to see some sort of temporary matchmaking system which makes ""founders"" to play more with/against each other. Just so more newer players have more of a chance.Also I would really like to see the tutorial being improved, just so newer players understand the game mechanics better. Some of my friends have had trouble understanding things even after the tutorials.Edit: I also appreciate the extra 27k silver keys for founders, that's very nice. While it's tough saying exactly what's fair for who I am more than satisfied with what you've given me for being a ""founder"". I also like the reward change for the daily challanges."
76561197960776211,Recommended,273350,24165074,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Statix,"well, i recommend the game because it was quite good but ive spent over £80 on this♥♥♥♥♥♥ why did you make me do that?"
,Recommended,273350,16610761,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Predhelt,"Met a lot of great people, both casually and competitively.  There are constantly things getting balanced, fixed, and new content being added in (yes, not all new content is free, doesn't draw from base game, though).  A lot of practice and/or communication is needed to be good at this game.  It is fun solo or with friends due to the 4v1 format.Considering it is a AAA title and a relatively small team, I appreciated TRS's long-term dedication to this game and enjoyed the journey."
,Recommended,273350,27207131,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Røffhål,rip
76561198153497264,Recommended,273350,24171461,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Begone Thot,"Some may see my hours put into the game and  think "" why listen to this goober? ""  I orignially bought the game on PS4 and then got a PC that could run it.  Best choice ever buying it on PC.  Now that its F2P, it has only made the game about 10x better.  Every monster and hunter along with skins and etc..  being completely free to earn is a big deal.  To those of you that have under 100+ hrs on this game, shame on you for wanting a refund just because its going F2P.  This update or quote on quote ""second release"" has the potential to make this game huge, and from the experience I have on PS4 and PC with this game, well I hope this game blossems into the game it should have been back when it first released.  And to those of you who just picked this game up, congrats and thank you for playing it and I hope I either get to play alongside you or against you in the future of this game."
,Not Recommended,273350,15177538,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Bun,I was hyping up this game a while before its release. I really wanted to believe that Evolve was going to be amazing. Evolve gives me the same feeling that I get with PAYDAY 2 and Left 4 Dead; the same♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over with too little reward. The different game modes Evolve offers don't mix it up well enough. The game dries out far too quickly to feel like I've gotten my money's worth. Maybe it's just me but I have a really hard time feeling it with this game.
76561198008653022,Recommended,273350,24168452,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Heimerdinger,"I'm changing my review for this game.Before I rated this game down for greedy DLC practices and the devs refusing to make this game  F2P even after the playerbase hit less than 150 players (At peak.)I can happily say after we all moaned on the forums they finally listened and made the game F2P and even changed the game to make solo hunter play more enjoyable (All classes being able to dome so you don't instantly lose if you have a bad trapper and so on)While the game is still just one mode over and over again, it does the mode really well and I would say its well worth trying at the very least."
76561198041852335,Recommended,273350,24168435,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,K I N Z U 鬼,"TFW you paid €79,99 for the PC Monster Race edition when the game came out and now it's F2P...Still a fun game though."
,Recommended,273350,24427401,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Herp Tim,"They found an opportunity and took it. I can't complain. It gave the game a larger playerbase, and also they made a few mechanics more fun and balanced."
76561198111147812,Recommended,273350,18205225,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Lordmoon299,A lot of people say this game is repetitive and their right but thats only if you play hunters the monster on the other hand the game does not feel repetitive at all. If you play hunters its hard to find a match but when your playing monster its very easy. When i first bought the game i thought there would be so many poeple trying to play monster but i was wrong nobody plays monster like at all. but people who didn't play monster had a reason if your just starting monster its exstremely hard my first 7 or 8 games as monster i lost. But keep playing and you will get good at monster. If you have never played a games like this before you should go to solo click custom then press extras press the arrow where it says balanced till it says favours monster increase the length of each round and do everything to make it easy on your self. Play a few matches like this then keep going into extras menu and each time make it a little bit harder till everything in the extras menu is against you and makes it harder. also if you have 4 friends you can go to multi player click custom invite them and then tell them to give you a head start untilyou can beat them. Then you can go to normal games and be awesome i win about 80% of my games but before i practiced in solo i won about 30%. Also some good stratagies as the monster leave tracks dont stealth its useless unless your evolving cause by the time the hunters get on the map their going to be following tracks long gone. Also message me if you need any advice. Hope this comment proves useful.
76561197971373821,Not Recommended,273350,17632670,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Spectre,"As many other reviews have noted, the base game really should be free to play. It certaintly isn't worth the launch price, or the current price.I can't admit to having played more than a dozen multiplayer matches before uninstalling, but I think that's enough experience to comment on how the game plays and its core problems. At the top of my list on these and probably the most damning is that the actual concept simply doesn't play out well. It strikes me as an idea that was playtested by the developers in the office, rather than designed for online play - it's reasonably fun with 4 other people you know and have mics or are sat next to; with 4 random strangers (which, let's face it, is how most people will play it), it's simply not fun.The problems of playing with random people are exacerbated by a tiered matchmaking system that puts pressure on people to play to win, and which is buckling under a lack of players. Expect to spend at least as much time in a lobby trying to start a game as you will playing it, and very probably more. That's 15 minutes of staring at a lobby for every 15 minutes of actual gameplay; and don't dare doing anything other than staring at the screen, since if anyone in your team goes afk and fails to select a class, you'll all get dumped back to square one. Expect also, due to the ranking system, to have an even harder time getting the first 10 matches under your belt, as you'll be listed as unranked, which other players will read as 'n00b'.To go into the mechanics in a bit more detail, as any reader probably knows, 4 hunters have to chase down a 5th player as a monster, trying to take them down before they level up and stack the odds in their favour. In gameplay terms, this boils down to a lot of running in circles around awkward terrain using a jetpack with a fuel system that's understandably necessary but feels irritating. Hunters get 4 abilities which can be synergised between classes, but there's limited depth; it has a hint of that 'forced teamplay' feel you get from games like Brink, where each class has a role and god forbid they should think or play outside of the box. This is compounded by a progression system that lacks any real depth or desirable unlocks (beyond new characters, of which some can only be purchased as additional DLC).The monster is perhaps more fun to play, as at level 3 you have to try pretty hard to lose, and odds are unless you're up against 4 buddies on teamspeak it will be relatively easy to get there. The process of getting there, though, is rather tedious - run away, in circles round the map, killing and feeding on livestock. This comes back to my central point - the core idea for this game just doesn't work too well. Many of the things that made Left4Dead (the game that gave these developers their name) great have been lost, and what's new isn't better. Pinging away at something with massive hp in an FPS has never worked well; it's a bit like Left4Dead if the only content were non-stop tank fights. Hide and seek can easily become a tedious exercise in circuit running, and that's also a trap Evolve falls into far too often. Yes, there are other game modes, but they're equally unremarkable. Finally, considering some people actually want to play games casually for fun rather than MLG-style, the lobby and matchmaking system are far too time-consuming when a simple AI drop-in / drop-out system would alleviate the waiting and let people play quickly.Summary:Pros- Decent graphics and performance- Potential for fun if you're playing on TS with 4 buddies- Good tutorial videos for new players and simple mechanics make it easy to pick up and playCons- Far too much time matchmaking- Core gameplay concept and execution isn't great- Not a fun game to play alone or with randoms- Can't justify it's purchase price. Can't come remotely close to justifying it's DLC prices.In short:Wait for free to play or avoid; if you want a good 4 player co-op experience Left4Dead plays vastly better, if you want a team-based shooter with a simlar feel Team Fortress is the way to go. If you already own both and are looking for something new, expect to be underwhelmed."
76561198011264279,Not Recommended,273350,16664396,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Rembot 2000,"Boring. Disappointed. What can I say... I was really looking forward to this release and it just didnt live up to the expectation. The whole cat and mouse chasing the monster from one end of the map to the other thing gets boring really fast as a hunter and just rotating through the 4 moves you get as a monster makes for boring gameplay as well. At this point I feel like this is sorta one of those 'use your imagination' kinda games. They do a cool job of creating the environments and I really like the feel of the game (ie. chasing down a monster and engaging in combat and sorta the hulking feel of the monsters) but after a few rounds.. yeah, I dont feel compelled to keep playing. And if they gonna turn it into a big pay to play scheme that gonna suck too. Like, I see they are releasing a new hunter/monster pack but has anything changed about the gameplay?? Last I checked, no. So why am I gonna want to keep investing in this franchise? Just so I can get bored with new characters? Anyway, I'd really like to see them take what they have here and phrase it in terms of a new Rampage or King of Monsters type of game, that would be badass."
,Recommended,273350,24161492,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Benjisaurus Rex,This is better. This is what I've always wanted. Thank you Turtle Rock. Thank you so much.
,Recommended,273350,17939494,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,The Ethan Foxx,Lots of game play and UI/matchmaking upgrades since launch. would really recommend this game.
,Recommended,273350,25260433,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,CactiSpike,"A free triple A title! Founded this game, no regrets!"
,Not Recommended,273350,16696224,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Crooked Hillary,I think that this game is bad because I had so much Day 1 DLC that it meant that they did not focus on the game and that they have justed used this to make money. Also all of the new things were planned before the game was released which shows how they have not focused on the game.I paid for this game and now it is free WTF. And what is this♥♥♥♥♥♥called founder access I want my money back.#No1CaresAboutFoundersAccess
,Not Recommended,273350,16746823,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Nolifer,I recommend that you do not buy this game.Actually if it's 99% off or free you might wanna pick it up.: ]
,Not Recommended,273350,16707808,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,LocKeR,"This game had alot going for it but its lacked quite a few things, for one this game could of been great on having a campaign that built up the characters.  I would like to know more about the characters but playing this game all i care about is the the class, the abilities, the guns and thats it, i could care less about the character models holding them.  The hunter mode / arena are great but nothing ground breaking, gets more repetitive faster than killing floor 2 atleast in my opinion.  The game performs great on my system, but having a gtx titan x I would expect it too.  The dlc is beyond ridiculous, alot of people are defending turtle rock by saying u gotta read the store pages blah blah, season passes 1, 2????? lol dont get me started.  They are trying to milk you for every dime for a game not even worth 60 dollars, whoever says it is, is in complete denial.  I paid 80 dollars for this game, and too bad i can't get a refund, but its a lesson learned and turtle rock will never get my business again.  but to those who want to buy this game, you have been warned only 800 users playing and steadily dropping.  Have a nice day!!!!"
,Not Recommended,273350,22347693,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Dat Dan,"This game wants to be great, but it can't even convince anyone that it's good. It had popularity, and lost it at about the same rate as Duke Nukem Forever due to its dlc practices and unimpressive updates. Now you're lucky if you can get one decent match in after 2 hours of waiting and♥♥♥♥♥♥matches. This could all change if they found a way to bring back public interest without people feeling like their being scammed."
76561198138520576,Not Recommended,273350,23439421,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Gingerfire69,"So I was pretty upset that this game went F2P since I spent $80 when it first came out. And I was able to get every charcter from the store with the 30,000 keys they gave me as a reward. But it still makes me upset that essentailly everyone who paid for the game will have just as much as people who didnt. I do like that making this F2P brought in alot of other players, still doesnt change how I feel about it. 5/10"
,Not Recommended,273350,16661933,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,MMZ>Radiant,"Not sure whos to blame here, Turtle Rock or 2K but...Heres my first ever negative review.So much wasted potential on this game.This game is amazingly fun and amazingly stupid at the same time. This game is 100% totally imbalanced.Wraith/Kraken mobility is a joke and if you're actually paying attention you wont ever have to fight until youre level 3. So thats 10 minutes of waiting around for the monster to decide to fight minimum.DLC cost is laughably expensive! The DLC costs more then the original game! I purchased this game at Full retail when it was released i have zero new heroes, zero new monsters, zero new skins. PRETTY MUCH ONLY CAUSE THEY COST 15 DOLLARS!Anyway, fun game completely ruined by unbalanced mechanics and alienation of original userbase by adding mountains of content at extreme pricing points."
76561198012698253,Recommended,273350,20727081,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Recharge ⚡,"Hopefully the response to Evolve will discourage publishers and developers from slicing up their game in order to sell it piece by piece. Probably not though. Look at the ♥♥♥♥♥♥y that is the hardcore Destiny community lapping up micro-transaction content, months from the launch of TTK where it was promised that funds would fuel content. Where's the content, guys? Endless IB, SRL, and dumb events revolving around even more micro-transactions.﻿"
,Recommended,273350,24172845,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,CupcakesArePain,Free to play has really solved many of the issues
76561198124596542,Not Recommended,273350,24241743,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Th3 F13nd,"Well the game is really good  and you can have a lot of fun. But first they take money for the game and it was really good but then it got free to play. When it got free to play the lobby system got ruined, legit when i try to join with premades maybe one guy gets into a game but the others dont. So we have a game which is really fun but the lobby system is ruined it is barely there. I do not recommend this game but maybe if they fixed the lobby system I would recommend it."
,Not Recommended,273350,16413441,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Tungsten,Just don't buy this
76561198130032346,Not Recommended,273350,15680266,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,MurlocHolmes,"Awesome concept. Horrible outcome.Looks awesome if you rig can handle it, and the game actually plays rather well.But damn, does It become repeatitive.. Really, -really- fast. (IMO) Theres nothing here past hunt/evac mode.I wont get into the microtransactions, thats its own can of worms & not what this is about.Buy It cheap."
,Not Recommended,273350,15268831,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Reaver13,"Evolve was a game that I had been waiting for since its launch trailer at E3, and with all the hype I thought ""I have to get evolve, it looks like the kind of game that a few of my freinds and I can compete in and have countless hours of fun gameplay."" Sadly, that thought was wrong. If i could rate this game out of ten, I would give it a five. Dont get me wrong, the graphics are mind blowing, The A.I. are the best I have seen in a videogame yet, and the concept of 4 v 1 gameplay across multiple different variations of characters and maps is filled with potential, but I feel as though the negatives outweigh the positives in Evolve's case. There are multiple bugs that I found in my first five hours of gameplay, the most annoying and fun gameplay-depriving one I have seen is models dropping through the world. Bodies of teammates that I would try to use the lazarus device on to revive would fall through the bottom of the world, and I caught a screenshot (that can be seen on my profile) of me playing kraken, and falling through the world. Aside from the minor bugs, the gameplay is so-so. The two modes ever played in Evolve are hunt, and evacuation, and they get repettitive after some time. Also, it takes from ten to twenty hours max of playing multiplayer to unlock all of the characters, leaving you with nothing else to be rewarded after hours of using a weapon you necessarily dont like just to master it. Plus, A story or story-mode of any kind is non-existant, and the bits of information about each character that you hear in the dropship before deploying for battle is fragmented, and repettitve. One of the things that really makes me mad at turtle rock is the fact that buying the game standard only gets you three monsters that are easily unlocked, and after unlock, leave you scratching your head and wondering what to do next. To add any sort of fun gameplay after the 30 hours max of gameplay it takes to get all the unlockable monsters and characters, you need to spend an additional 15 to 30 dollars to get new dlc characters and a new monster. (or two, depending on how much money you are willing to throw away. In conclusion, i'd say buy evolve if you have a few freinds that are willing to spend $60 or more to play 30-40 hours of interesting gameplay, until nothing is unique anymore and the things about Evolve that once impressed you just make you yawn. (5/10 - Spectre4645)"
,Recommended,273350,24241746,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,REAPEROFSOULS06,"Having actually bought the game at launch I was extremely hyped for this game. But when it came out I couldn't force myself to play it. It was so unbalanced and just not intuitive that I only put in a handful of hours and never played it again. I should have definitely gotten a rufund on it but didn't. This is now why there are so many mixed reviews. Anyone who bought the game originally, completely wasted their money, and all the game modes were stripped from the game. However, thats the bad news. The good is that for anyone who didn't buy the steaming pile that this was at launch needs to get it now for free. It's finally gotten a good balance to it, and even though there is only one game mode currently, this is EXACTLY what the game should have been from the beginning. A great free to play game with more content down the road that no, you don't have to spend an extra $60 on within two months of owning the game. Seriously, it's free and if you have even low end hardware you can probably run this game, so try it! And just understand the extremely negative reviews are from people who sadly wasted a large chunk of change on a broken game that is now irrelevant."
76561198071698883,Not Recommended,273350,17682024,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Skyreem Speshal Edidishon,Takes forever to find a game. The beta was better than the actual game itself. Wish i could return it and buy something better.
,Not Recommended,273350,17479609,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,ConKeR,I felt♥♥♥♥♥♥♥when i have seen a second Season Pass of this game... Say whaaaaaat?! F**K YOU 2K.
,Not Recommended,273350,17450295,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,rooSalt,"Don't get me wrong, I love this game.BUT. There's too many flaws, and the price is absurd.$70-$100 is too much. And then there's two season passes + another $60+ of dlc content in the in-game store. (seriously, 2K?)FPS is a huge problem -one minute you're at 60fps, and the next you're down at 20 with frequent freezes / near crashes / bad stuttering.Nothing is balanced either. A certain team of Hunters, and the Monster doesn't stand any chance whatsoever. (Crow + Lazarus..)Everytime you kill something as a Monster, those birds flock around it and give you away no matter what. EVERY. TIME. Stealth is impossible, and you better hope you can run far enough away fast enough.Multiplayer is loading simulator 2015.I'm on the fence about whether I'd recommend this or not, it's really your call.Though it's better if you have friends / people your skill level to play with.Final Opinion:If you want to try it, wait for a sale.  Do NOT pay full price."
76561198075963436,Recommended,273350,17582307,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Vylmar,"Most negative reviews you can read about this game are excessive I think.- The new match making is better.  It improve competition.  You will find some people to play with, don't worry.  You won't necessairly wait for too long despite what many negative review says, especially if you play as Monster.  True the community can be bigger and that would help a lot, but the game is not dead at all.- The DLC.  Well, you don't need them to play the game.  The core package is enough and no one force you to buy skins.  You might like to have the other Monsters and Hunters, but the core package is quite solid and fun if you can't afford the other characters.  Also the community challenges will get you some free skins.  There are challenges pretty often.The best way to make you an opinion about the game is to watch some Broadcast on Steam or Twitch.  That will give you an idea how it goes and work and if you like this style.The game require some skills, but you will enjoy it nonetheless as new player (u will just die more often.  Learn the hard way).  It takes some time to really understand how you should do thing as a Monster or Hunter, but that experimental phase can be enjoyable as you must learn how to play better and which mistakes you made.  It's a shooter with tactic.  I feel that some negative review have been written by players who didn't reach the depth the game have.  This game will give you a challenge and competition.  Combat are quite ""personal"" compared to a game like bf4.  Because of that, some lost can be bitter and frustrating, because of the drive to win the game set put you in.The concept of this game is very original and the game is well made as you can see if you watch a video of it.The developper care about the game and do their best to improve it.  Have been playing since day 1 and I encounter no major problems that would make me stop to play the game."
76561198070219486,Recommended,273350,17356272,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Otter,"Evolve is a beatiful game all around, great mechanics and every map is better than the last. All though i recommend you to not get it in full price. Because this game was supposed to be a console game, its listed at 60$. Just wait for a sale and enjoy all of it."
,Not Recommended,273350,21552643,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Dolphino,"The game is good, but the community wasn't smart enough to understand how to play as survivors which caused balance complains and made the game super boring. On the other hand the developers weren't smart enough to release free content to incentivize the growth of the community, shame on them."
,Not Recommended,273350,18246836,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Freddy,"I played the game for  a whileIt depends what games you like, the game is fun for a timeThen it gets boring as ♥♥♥♥.."
,Not Recommended,273350,22016475,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,An∂rew (Go Clemson!!),"Decent. It should be a lot better. Evolve became a bit of a flop because things were broken for far too long, and the community got frustrated with it.The game itself is very fun, however it cost far too much for what you get out of it. Too many expansion packs that cost money, when the real focus should have been resolving issues. Another frustrating aspect was them perpetually making changes to the ""balance"" of the game. It made this game difficult to ever really ""master"".Basically, this game was released before it was ever really ready. Rather than the publishers spending more time testing and obtaining statistics, which they could then use for insight as to what adjustments needed to be made, they had us do it for them. Which, really wouldn't be such a bad thing if they weren't greedy by charging us so much for us to be their Guinea pigs.I've learned my lesson."
,Not Recommended,273350,15166193,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,taiyoctopus,"Great publicity and hype. Concept is awesome.Delivery was decent.Replay value is terrible... I figure this game will remain unplayed on my machine for the next few months before I decide to uninstall it for good.It's a shame, I want to like the game... but there is no way I can recommend this when my overall playtime is very low and I have no inkling to return to the game and play another round.Hopefully they ovehaul and somehow increase replaybility but at this point I don't see how that is possible."
76561198060501946,Recommended,273350,17908021,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,zakk_tell,I only played on the free weekend for a few hours but the game sucked me in!Realy awsome idea!Bear in mind that it has a realy steep and hard learning curve and realy hard to master especialy if you play a monster(or at least it is hard for me cos monsters have mainly melee attacks!).So if you are not used to online FPS games be careful you might get frustrated but there is a solo mode where you play with bots and you have to opportunity to hone your skills!But it is definately something fun and challenging.Also if you happen to have a good controller you might wanna paly it with that cos the keyboard layout is a bit funny.Of course you can change it but it is hard because there are too many buttons to bind!All in all i recommend this game cos its got me for the first try!I think in the near future i will rake up my playtim in it and try to master it!Also it is waay more fun if you can play this with friends and have TS to coordinate your teamplay!So if you like online coop FPS games go for it and if you want a fun and challenging coop game also go for it!But if you cant decide wait for another free weekend and try it out like me then you can decide to get it or not!If i think of anything new to say i will update this review!
,Not Recommended,273350,24201107,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Xzιт,"Game went F2P and they REMOVED ACHIEVEMENTS, REMOVED ALL BUT 2 OF THE GAME MODES, REMOVED THE STORYMODE, REMOVED ALL PREVIOUS PLAYERS PROGRESS and gave founders 3k coins which is an EXTREMELY small amount of coins thats not even enough coins to upgrade one of the perks. All perks should have been unlocked for founders for free. WTF Turtle Rock?!"
,Not Recommended,273350,16052381,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Brentmeister,"It's entertaining but has very little depth. A few different modes would help the mileage of this game significantly. Strategically, there aren't very many meaningful options or routes to victory."
,Not Recommended,273350,17854635,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,zwhis,Extremely greedy.
76561198017370622,Not Recommended,273350,26072590,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,iGZ`5like,"How in the world can you take the best game-design innovation in competitive multiplayer game and destroy it by annihilating every strategic aspect of the game is beyond me.From the 10 first games I did on stage 2 :- All hunters can cage the monster- A sound cue confirm that the monster is in the cage.- The monster have less time to flee the drop zone at the start of the game.- The vanilla map have almost all being discontinued. ( they are also smaller and less vertical )- All the already not so good game mods (except hunt) have been replaced by some stupid overpowered buffs matches. Resulting in a 20 buffs for hunters against 5 for the monster.- The trapper as now access to a satellite that can pin-point the monster direction. Which render Daisy useless.- You have only 20 Minutes as a monster to win the game.- Why oh why did you had to destroy the wraith gameplay so hard ? No more invisibility, the damages have been reduced so much that you can barely abduct someone to kill him.Today if you are not a really good Monster that play aggressive during the all match, there is no way to sneak your way to victory.You took an awesome strategic game into a generic shooter. And for that I will not ever trust your company with anything. When you can't see the potential of what you have in hands and are unable to leave with the fact that your target public is lower than you expected you end up doing it all wrong.This is the most disappointing experience I had in a game ever. It's shame but this is my review on what Evolve ended up being."
,Recommended,273350,15918862,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Guess I'll die,Review will need to be updated to stage 2.
76561198032632037,Recommended,273350,19820995,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,DeepDarkWater,"The Game is just Epic , highly competetive and co-op game. Don't listen to negative reviews. I'm a founder back in old legacy Evolve. It was ok game, I loved it,dunno,why people left then . But now it's even better and FOR FREE...what can you ask for more ? Playerbase is skyrockin'...so that means more newbies. For Veterans like me,this game became like walk in the park"
76561198019145254,Not Recommended,273350,20845187,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,DarkAssassin,"The most absolute pay to win game i have ever seen, i LOVED this game when it came out, everyone had the same options of hunters and monsters to play, all that there was to pay for was skins, very tolerable, then it became a greedy cash cow farming game, pay for monsters, pay for hunters, things that should of been in the game in the first place to buy with some sort of perhaps in game currency of some kind, but nope, full on pay to win.$60 game that you end up paying more than $100 for all the monsters and all the hunters. The community is non existant, it takes 20 minutes to get a match on the pc now, i quite honestly want my $60 back for this game. I think theres as few as 600ish players left in this game, you see the same people playing every time you play that were on days ago.I knew something was up when they released preorders before the games beta had even come to existance, WOW i mean wow!!! if that doesnt say greedy cash cow dlc farming game then i dont know what does!This game had the potential to be so amazing, and it WAS till they made it pay to win or just pay to play things that should already be in the game, hands down, thumbs down, dont buy this game unless your comfortable pumping out more money!"
,Not Recommended,273350,32127514,Posted: 2 June,all,Lizardo,"Was a great game of tag, turned into a moneygrabbing scheme with no bug fixes. Then had the audacity to wipe all progress, make it f2p and compensating your lost 100 dollars for a f***king badge or something. Never have I been so disappointed about a game with awesome potential turned into a pile of monster dung.Do not play."
76561197960348789,Not Recommended,273350,16111008,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Renarrd,Gets boring fast because of low content.
,Not Recommended,273350,17870983,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,eRu™,"Tiny content for a huge price tag, had the potential but all they want is your money."
76561198081790137,Not Recommended,273350,17871986,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Kindrit,Game is practically dead
76561198006803243,Not Recommended,273350,20357157,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Zenjoy,"I wanted to like this game. There was every reason to do so. a 20-28min mission where 5 players in two teams (1 v 4) compete to see who can destroy whom first.Unfortunately this company seemed more interested in getting new content out than fixing what was already there. After its launch the Wraith quickly dominated play to an extreme degree that it became a troll pic which had hunters rolling their eyes and asking ""why should I bother hunting? Lets just setup defense and hope to avoid being killed.""Even multiple please on the forums did nothing. And when they finally did fix it, it lasted only 3 days before they unleashed the 4th monster and a pile of new hunters.For what I played of EvOLVE - it was good during those 3 days. However the PC version has quickly died in its community. A real shame as this could have been a great addition to the gaming society. However bad prioritizing has let this monster fall into extinction. A real shame but nothing to be done save to move on and hope lessons are learned."
76561198070289256,Not Recommended,273350,22006228,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Postura,not worth it even on sale
,Not Recommended,273350,20694414,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Skyyyr,"I took a break (AGAIN, more than 2 times already since launch) to wait for changes that would possibly make sense. I had fun for little while, and again they just find a way to♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. I try real hard to like the game, the concept is great and I give it to them for that. Who is ruining this game? The population is already low as is, why drive people away with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥changes? I don't want to give up on the game, but I can't stand the game as it is anymore. What a shame."
76561198024706462,Not Recommended,273350,29455966,Posted: 23 January,all,Mr Black,"Unbalanced at the core.Fun for a while until you start to see all the abilities,monsters, hunters and guns that still need to be fixed.There is'nt just one thing that needs to be done to this game to make it the game that it is presented as.There are still many fixes needed to present a well balanced game for every class, monster, hunter and ability load outs."
,Recommended,273350,14424336,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,b1nge,This is easily GOTY 2015 for me. I'm guessing all those people complaining about the DLC-controversy would rather have a sequel every year than supporting the existing game. gg wp
76561198042444525,Not Recommended,273350,23834180,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Socrates,"Amazing concept,♥♥♥♥♥♥execution."
76561198129867474,Recommended,273350,15317833,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,King Coon the Real Goon,ITS ******* AMAZING
76561198072340678,Recommended,273350,17781254,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,psychadelicsenpai,"OK initially it was somewhat difficult to grasp the general playability of this game upon initial loadup. But the simple truth of the matter is that this game is a gem thats been dumped on repetetive disapproval of microwave gamers. By microwave I mean the influx of gamers who need immediate satisfaction in the form of rankless lobbies yet beg for a balanced atmosphere.The game was intended to allow human players to communicate and work cohesively as a unit to hunt. Nothing new right but the greatest aspect of this is that you are hunting another human player who thinks, fears, and eventually develops an ego the way that you do as the match progresses. With this being said of course there would be certain imbalances as certain players develop skill with specific hunters, monsters, etc., and at times it is difficult for noobs to recieve a warm welcome when paired with experienced vets. But this, I feel, was intentional and even parallel to irl war fronts. The grunts would go into war not knowing what to expect, often paired with soldiers who had already seen their share of battle, and over time would steel themselves to usher in the next group of grunts.Only two things keep pushing this game towards it's destruction leaving it just an uninstalled game in all our libraries. One is obviously in the creators hands in the form of constant rent, i.e dlc. The second is solely based upon the gamers, quit thumbing down a game purely because it doesnt fit into your gaming style, communicate in game and find a group that you can traverse the badlands of shear with. Evolve is one of the most underrated and improperly utilized games on steam currently."
,Recommended,273350,17592658,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,SnackenKraken🐙,"Evolve is is a great game with one of the most origional ideas i have ever heard of. I have 90 plus hours of gameplay that was mostly along side my friends as we hunted each other down and screamed in pure enjoyment. People are complaining of stail gameplay however, I feel that these people are those who dont have friends to play with. Evolve is an interactive game where you are meant to coordinate attacks and plans to hunt down a monster as four hunters while the monster avoids you until evolve and grow stronger. I am a little upset with the resent payment required for the new dlc but, being a trapper and monster myself I am glad that they gave us the option to buy it in peices( instead of buying 25$ worth i only need 10$) the game in unique and keeps you entertained for many hours and if you have friends online it lasts even longer. I do play less frequently now however, it is still a game that i can always go to in times of boredom for minimum of an hour and a half of fun. Pick you class, practice, be victorious, mix it up... Enjoy"
76561198031654136,Not Recommended,273350,24221509,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Alex Teach,"The game wasnt perfect before it went free to play, but now its even worse, less content over all, some really annoying character changes, and the people who payed for the content from the begining, the ""founders"" get ♥♥♥♥ed over with even less content now, all their stats and skins are wiped. Until they make some major changes, I really wouldnt recommend this."
,Not Recommended,273350,14925505,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Mr_Pringlez',"I paid 80.00 euros for this game and I got a free-to-play worthy game. This game was definately not worth my money, I think this was the worst investment I have ever done. I didnt even get the extra content that was promised when I would pay 30 euro more, all I got was 2 skins. TWO SKINS FOR 30 EUROS? FUCCCKKKK YOOOOUUUUU TURTLE ROCK. L4D 3 Would have been much more satisfying, like A LOT more satisfying and I would probably not even have to pay as much money for that. Go ♥♥♥♥ YOURSELVESSSSSS!!!!!!"
76561197984825258,Not Recommended,273350,16067910,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Fliptop,Do not buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198058036607,Recommended,273350,18466320,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Fav's Favorite,The game sure has it's gripes. But after putting more than 1000 hours into it I can safely say that I love it!
,Not Recommended,273350,20729805,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Xyscus,"I tried to like this game. I really did. I gave it a chance. It has so much potential but ultimatlely disappoints due to balance, servers, and DLC.Pros:- Beautiful game- really cool idea- huge maps-creatove chacaters and classesCons:- The amount of content that you do not get without shelling out a ton of money for DLC is rediculous. At launch they expected people to pay $60 for half of a game and $100 to get what should have been the "" full game"" ( even then I think $40 would have been a fair price for this). I got this game for $20 on a steam sale because I really wanted to try it because I was looking for a new interesting game to paly with my friend but was unsure about the game due to the ""Mixed"" rating.  Let's just say I wish I passed.-  The monster is overpowered. I have played both. It really is not that fun when you can just run away for the whole game as the monster and just stomp them at the end. It really is not that fun to feel completely helpless as humans even though you somehow may have managed to catch the monster at it's stage one and it stikk rekts you.  A easy fix would to just buff the Soldier's attack damage, make the healer heal more/ add better shields, and make each trapper able to give the party a faster boost instead of just one character that does it for such a short amount of time.- It will take easily 15-20 to get a game. When you finally do everyone will want the same class and when they don't get it they get salty and leave. It is funny that more people are playing the game Depth than this AAA title. I guess that is because Depth is a better game. Skip this money-grap piece of crap and go play buy Depth."
76561198067946627,Recommended,273350,24073694,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Imamadhatt3r,It's a very fun game to play with friends but not as much with randoms.
76561198041808976,Not Recommended,273350,18077358,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Deadstar,"Yay! I guess i'm gonna play the Caracter.. - Protocol Error. Uhh yeah the game is loading,.. Oh look the Ship is opening and it's such a nice - Protocol Error.  Bam, I ate all these puny Hunters and now i might get ranked - Protocol Error. Woha we did it! It's dead! lets go home and - Protocol Error.This protocol Error is persistent since 2014, no Developer gives a respond, alot people deal with it and it's not possible to finish a match because you get booted randomly. I gotta strong network connection, and get it, same as all my friends with diffrend connections. Support is dead. This game will end like Nether and Starforge. Gonna wait 1 Week IF anyone responses to my ticket, if not, i'll hope for Steam to refund me."
76561198064973995,Not Recommended,273350,17868879,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Pepsi Man!,"One of my Biggest Regrets on SteamEvolve is an FPS PVP sort of crossover where two teams fight to the deathOn one side you play as the Hunters whos jobs are to kill the monster. The hunters are separated into 4 classesAssault- Deals heavy damage to the monster and the offense of the groupMedic-   heals the groupSupport- Supports the other classesTrapper- Slows down the monster and keeps it away from the group. Also uses a pet to track the monsterMy Opinion for these classes is that I don't care for any of them because most of the time you will be trying to catch up with the monster and that can get extremely boring. You can kill other small monsters so the monster can't eat them but that is pointless because there are small monsters everywhere around the map. When you do catch up to the monster then there is some actual action but if you don't kill it prepare for more boredom of running around trying to find the monster and if it reaches level 3 good luck even trying to kill it. Yes i know there are more hunters you can unlock by playing more of the game but i never had the paitence to do it I hated playing as the hunters.On the other hand you can play as the monster where you must feed on small animals and grow big to defeat the hunters or an alternative is reaching level 3 and cutting the power. So far there are 4 monsters in the gameGoliath- Can do melee and ranged attacks to damage hunters and can jump a high distanceKraken-Can generate electricity to deal ranged damage to the hunters and can flyWraith- Can pick off the hunters 1 by 1 and has the ability to dashBehemoth- Can deal major Melee damage to hunters but has the inability to jump as it must climbIn my opinion the Wraith is my favourite monster to play, I enjoy playing as Goliath however i don't like the kraken and I have not played as the behemoth yet. When playing evolve I always find myself playing as the monster because he is FUN!!! When you start the game you are given 3 skill points to apply to 4 skills for your monster and as you evolve you gain 3 more skill points. The Max evolution level is 3 so you only get 9 skill points if you do get to level 3. The way to evolve is to attack and eat smaller monsters which can also restore your shield as you lose health permanently. This  is much more fun than running around trying to look for the monster. You can also kill rare albino animals which if eaten gives you a bonus ability but you can only have one at a time. Now I love playing as the monster but there because of the monster the game is also completely unbalanced compared to the hunters because  1. The monster has the ability to smell which is like a radar for the monster. Not only can it smell other small monsters but it can also smell the hunters so you know when they are getting close to you and you start to run causing the hunters to possibly not run into the monster once until it reaches level 3 where the hunters will most likely lose. 2. Some of the monster skills are downright BROKEN!!! including the wraith's supernova which if maxed out can destroy 1 hunter in mere seconds there is also the kraken's banshee mine where you are most likely to get hit by it when fighting the kraken. Those are the reasons why i sometimes find the monster to be broken. And there is one last flaw with the monster class where in order to unlock the other monsters you must play the same monster over and over again until you max out exp with skills you probably never use which brings me to the biggest problem I have with evolve. It is very repetitive and has little to no replay value what so ever. When you first play this game it starts out fun but after a couple of hours later you start to get really bored of it. The way they have you unlock new things is Bulls**t as you have to play the game over and over again just to level up the skill you never used in the first place. But overall I still like playing as the monster even with these flawsThere is also different game modes in the game but i Only played hunt because I did not care about the other game modes because I couldn't bring myself to try it out.Extra settings include giving the hunters or monster a handicap which can favour the opposite team like man eating plants which can damage the hunters, clear skies and more birds to track the monster eaiser.  I didn't care for these settings because it just makes the game even more unbalanced.Grapically speaking it is dark, edgy and grim which is what i expect for a game like this but you have to have a great computer to run this game smoothly. On my laptop it the frame rate started chugging not to the point where i couldn't play the game but It bothered me a little.The Verdict: Evolve is one of those games where it would be great on paper but it is done horribly wrong. The Hunters are a Chore to play, The way you unlock new things is bulls**t. I didn't care for the other game modes other than huntextra settings just make the game more unbalanced than it already is and overall it is just A clusterf**k of a game. The only thing I like about this game is playing as the monster because he is much more fun to play than the Hunters.I recommend waiting for a price drop at around $20-$25 as $40 is not worth it. I bought this game when it first came out and I payed $70 dollars just for this game! I wanted to like this game but in the end All i got was A feeling of dissapointment and A feeling that i Just got robbed of $70.My Final Rating for this game is a 4/10"
76561198089198776,Not Recommended,273350,20351252,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,accavallo1,"Wow, Turtle Rock, 2k, Agora Games, or whomever. Just wow. Way to gouge people for money. This game has a great concept, and I watched hours of gameplay before preording the game. I was really excited about this game when it first came out. The whole ability to ""play as the boss"" concept blew my mind, I didn't think anyone would ever do it. So when the game was finally released, I jumped right in, and was a little disappointed. I bought the Digital Deluxe edition, with the season pass and everything. At first, it was fun, there were some glitches, devs can't quite catch them all before release (I know how hard that is), and there were connectivity issues, a lot, which turned me off from the game for a bit. So after a couple weeks, or a month, I came back and tried playing again. It was fun, but not for long. Connectivity issues still persisted and the same bugs I brought up initially were still there. I wasn't the only one with those problems. So I waited again. Finally after about 3 months after release the game was sufficiently playable for me to really enjoy, and I did; for a couple hours. I even got a friend in on the action. We had fun, I played with the new hunters and new monster when they came out. Unfortunately, there isn't much to the game. Same maps, same modes, same everything. I knew this before going in, and have played games like this before, but this one was different. Star Wars Battlefront II I could, and did, play for hours, days, weeks even. To date, I have played this game for a whopping 28 hours, and have had it for almost a year. So I came back, I've been looking to give it a second chance, and find out there are more hunters and another monster. I would have to buy them, because my season pass has been degraded to a ""season 1 pass"". W.T.F. I can understand wanting to make money off your game, but now this feels like so many other games recently. You all know the ones I'm taking about. The ones where you buy a game, and an entire chunk seems to be missing because it's labeled as ""DLC"" and you have to purchase it if you want the whole experience. After this, I'd say buyer beware. If there was an option for ""Maybe"" under ""Do you recommend this game?"", I'd have clicked that. Otherwise, I'm going with no."
76561198236722830,Recommended,273350,19404791,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Hoodini,"Best game I have ever ownedI don't understand why so many people say it sucksIf you don't listen to anything else on this review page ignore everything else people say about thisand just try it its a great game . Sure there will be those douches in a game who try and ruin it for you but just ignore them, and sure playing this game is a little bit difficult and requires teamwork, but please just  PLAY THE GAME and you will love it!!"
,Recommended,273350,18925140,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Si1entX,"I love playing Evolve it's unlike any other game ever made. A little about me, I don't like picking up games that have been done before. No more same old FPS or strategy anymore... I have played tons of different categories of games, and am pretty bored of all of them. Spent years playing Counter Strike, years playing Final Fantasy, years playing Company of Heroes, also platformers, you name it.For me Evolve is the perfect game. Switch it up from first person to third person dominating a group of hunters. Or find your favorite hunters to play as. The possibilities are endless but it's not overwhelming to get started. There is no customization of guns, each monster and each hunter has basically 4 moves or weapons. With this, you have balance, you really have a community of people, the devs care about the game, and there's an exciting pro scene where you can watch streams and learn.Great job Turtle Rock! Keep it up! Guys they really care, they develop this game every day and put so much behind it. I started playing during the free-weekend in September and bought it right away after trying it. Haven't looked back, I look forward to getting home and playing every day still and I'm 70 hours in.70 hours in, and I still have so much more to consume. I've only mastered 1 monster. Haven't mastered any hunter's yet. Eventually I plan to. Thanks for reading!"
76561198107335946,Recommended,273350,26258098,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,✪ Pizzaman,THIS IS ONE OF THE GREATEST OF ALL TIME PC GAMES
,Recommended,273350,21019507,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,ThinePunisher,"Im just making this review since the whole front page is full negative reviews... Which its shouldn't be. Evolve is and extreamly fun game, if your kinda casual and play alot of games like me. The game matches are ushually a pretty decent length i feel like the main game mode hunt is really balanced, with the exception of some characters being ""easier"" than others giving the illusion of being OP in the eyes of some one who has played the harder characters with the idea that the class is broken. but i've been playing on and off for the year its been out i can play all the monster and all the hunters now. But if you want a game that you can Co-op with a group of 4 friend you will have more fun than you know what to do with.i'ma leave this by saying if you think it looks like a game you would like to try being its not another leauge of ledgends clone, try it and you might be suprised!"
,Not Recommended,273350,14850079,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Sneakyfranko,"unbalanced piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥, would rather go on a♥♥♥♥♥♥spree after watching thomas the tank engine"
76561198104617495,Not Recommended,273350,14877519,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,͕͗𝓝͕͕͗͗ight𝓦͕͕͗͗ish ͕͗,Nice game while it ♥♥♥♥ing worked since the last update when i try to play it wont♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥load past a certain point i better get a refund or ima sue these♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥biches
,Not Recommended,273350,14979029,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,[OTG] Mikes,",,, if this was a mod or something then it would be ok as a diversion for a couple of minutes. But for that price there, being marketed as a supposed AAA game, there is just too little of everything. Too little gameplay depth and gameplay variety most of all."
,Recommended,273350,16015944,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Radical Masochism,DO NOT BUY THE SEASON PASS THINKING YOU GET ALL DLC FOR FREE I WAS SUCKED IN BY THAT BULL.Apart form that I would say there is lots of hours of game play very fun to play.
,Not Recommended,273350,15541151,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Lone Wolf,"The game is great gameplaywise (I love the graphics and style of play) but for $60 and with a very low amount of people playing it, I cannot seem to justify my purchase. It is very difficult to find other people in real life that own this game :("
76561198081940789,Recommended,273350,21484005,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,A S3XY B3AST,Top 5 favorite games o all time.
,Not Recommended,273350,19573356,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Mr. Dude,"*This review has been completely re-done to better reflect the reasons why I chose not to recommend this game.Evolve is a game that saw awful DLC practices and lack of incentivizing PLAYABLE content make quick work of it's playerbase. Don't get me wrong, I supported this game for as long as I could and sunk as many hours as I wanted to into it. But now the time has come to say my piece about it in this review. What is Evolve like now? Is it worth it a second look? If you're new, should you buy it? I'll attempt to tackle these questions here. I hope you enjoy!Welcome to Evolve, where you're invited to step into the boots of a well-trained Hunter tasked with saving colonies under siege on the planet Shear, or take control of the beastly Monster responsible for the attacks, on the run to survive against the invading Hunters. A lot of what Evolve has to offer is embedded in the idea of this 'Hunt', unfortunately, this is also the most is has to offer. This isn't to say the gameplay doesn't hold itself up, or that the quality of what you paid $60 for is unmatched. The problem arises when you're offered to PAY a lot more than you do to PLAY for. Evolve isn't pay-to-win, at least on the Monster side of things. For the Hunters, the characters you have to pay for are definitely welcome additions to the game and they don't do a whole lot more in terms of an advantage for you and your team to get an 'easy' win over using the vanilla characters. You still have the same learning curve to get through. The pay-to-win aspect comes in to a minor degree when one Hunter is just a little more proficient to use, which is based more entirely on your skill set and play style. Compare this to how a MOBA introduces new characters.Evolve's main issue is not with the DLC, although it played a big part in where it finds itself today. What seems to hold this game back the most is the lack of incentivizing content, and I'll elaborate more on what I mean. Evolve gives you three ways to come back and play: Character Mastery, Public Level and Ranked Hunt. These three things are what you do to come back and try to complete the game for. Character Mastery basically means you need to complete three objectives per tier, of which there are also three; once you complete those, you gain access to the Elite skin. Your Public Level is like every other progression system you've seen before; earn experience points by playing the game to level up, whether that be in Solo mode or Multiplayer. Ranked Hunt wasn't added until seven months after release and came along side a huge title update that essentially changed the meta of the game and expanded a little more on the competitive side of things. In Ranked Hunt, you go through ten placement matches before you become ranked in one of three tiers: Bronze, Silver and Gold.Outside of those three things, there are the modes that provide slight alterations to the normal Hunt mode with the exception of Defend and Arena. Arena being the more popular of the two because it's the deathmatch mode of Evolve. At Stage 2 with full armor and full health, the Monster is considered an even match against the Hunters. Put both sides in a never-ending Arena Dome until one side wins, that's how Arena works. Defend is a fun concept where the Hunters need to defend a fueling station that will allow a large ship to evacuate colonists off the planet.CONCLUSION: Evolve is worth a second look, do more searching to see what other people have to say about it and get another perspective on it. I didn't lend too much in Evolve's favor in this review but that's because I want people to know that this game it's not what the tabloids and game journalists said it was. It wasn't perfect but it certainly wasn't a bad game, it just never got two feet off the ground and made bad first impressions on a lot of people because of the DLC practices by 2K games and lack of playable content at release. I will not place the blame entirely on Turtle Rock Studios, no one will ever conclusively know what happened in the meetings between 2K and TRS that made them market the game the way they did to us, so until we do know beyond a doubt, I will not be pointing fingers or making disingenuous assertions about the Studio. But with the playerbase dwindling below the 500's I cannot recommend it to anyone thinking about buying it on their own. Perhaps you can make friends and find a squad to play with but if your sole intention is to play Monster, good luck finding a match or making your purchase(s) worth while, because you'll be paying to get more, instead of playing the game as you bought it."
76561198130672186,Recommended,273350,20770632,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,KissOfPlague,"Game for patience, game with high skill ceiling, quite big entry-barrier. 10/10 if you are true gamer!"
,Not Recommended,273350,14553297,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Siman,Well that was a waist of money again... balance problems are rampent party system is broke you will be facing imposible odds if the person slected for monster is maxed. Menu system is complicated  and not well explained or layed out. you cant order your trapper class is semi broke you cant comand your pet to do many things... Was expecting allot from this game but it fell on its face. hope they fix this.
76561197998284812,Not Recommended,273350,14602880,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Kokobunji /)ACE(\,"I never write review but for this one i did. Game is very expensive and probably not worth it. I do not support day 1 dlc and game is full of bugs which are not being fixed. the game is fun to play overall but not for what i paid for it. Also the ingame account system does not work and noone knows how to fix it. on top of that patches seems to nonexistant. some monters are very unbalanced.bugs include my2k not working, graphics and teleporting monsters and hunters, random crashes for unknown reasons, spawning as a ebon star bug, start menu looping,wall climb lag/ bug, jumping/ stuck on rocks or trees bug, jetpack up cliffs bug, sliding physics bug, evolving phoenix bug, mouse stuck on screen and many more.also the support for my2k is not very helpful at all* edit evolve just put in a patch that if you cant log into the server you cant play the game what a peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥Edit ** problem i was just solved it only took 2 whole months to solve such an stupid problem from feb 24th to april 30th**"
76561198053909532,Not Recommended,273350,17520242,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Corie,"Wrote a review previously that gave this game mixed reviews. I have since deleted it to write this new one with nothing but reports of scathing hatred for this piece of junk.Pros:-Visually stunning-Interesting and varried character personalities and play styles-New feature in match making so that if you want to play only monster or only hunter, you wont get placed as the otherCons:-Pretty much everything else-Recent reduction in time it takes to deploy Mobile Arena by 80 GOD D AMN PERCENT? You've got to be joking. This is absolutely the dumbest thing that's ever been done to this game for both the monster and hunter (trapper) class. It now requires ABSOLUTELY ZERO skill on the part of the trapper to be able to trap the monster. If they get anywhere within range of you, it's over. For the record, trapper is my favorite hunter class and  I *STILL* think this is absolute BS.-Annoying ""fall through the terrain to your death"" glitches-New god awful match making system.-No one can join mid game? So what if someone leaves or disconnects? Perma-bot for the match?-Why did you even keep hunter preference settings if the class you play as is nothing but a giant click speed race?-10 matches to rank. So if I get stuck as a class I hate repeatedly? Bronze even though that's not a reflection of my skill? If you're going to turn class setting into a click war, this is BS. Everyone wants to play assault or trapper for the most part. Sux2BU if you hate support, cause that's what you'll get stuck as if you aren't lightning fast on the click.-The fact that someone who bought the PC Monster Race pack for ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS doesn't get all the content. No Behemoth. Not all the skins. No Season Pass 2. This is also, to my knowledge, THE only game to EVER have more than one Season Pass. The whole point in a season pass is that someone paid EXTRA MONEY to hav access to all future content. The you tell those people, ""more money or no more goodies""? This is the most blatant money grab in gaming I have EVER seen.I can't even smash any more into here because I don't think people would even read any more.This is so infurating that I don't think I'd ever play this game seriously on Multiplayer ever again.TL;DR: DO NOT BUY."
76561198108563761,Recommended,273350,15041926,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,M200ew,A great game of cat and mouse.i used to be upset about ending up as monster solo queue. but you realise thats why you bought the game. who doesnt wanna be the raidboss who throws (literally) the enemy's life away
,Not Recommended,273350,14960801,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Art_uP,"2K & Turtle Rock Studios........ ,Enjoying the money, guys? Here, how about some thumbdown?"
76561198174203746,Not Recommended,273350,15014506,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,charlie_c,"i cannot even enter the game, it always stuck at 90%"
76561197961446575,Not Recommended,273350,17704105,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Campin Carl,"Turtle Rock can't get the balance right, games swing wildly in favor or against you, there's no even match. Avoid."
76561198045244145,Not Recommended,273350,14955474,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Soft_Feather,"This game, was a total waste of moneyA lack of campaign mode which would of been sweet, but it's strictly pvpBots are complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, as soon as you evolve to stage 3 they run awayWhen playing against real people, it's complete doucheryYou can't win as a monster, no matter which one you choose, or perksAs a hunter you can't do♥♥♥♥♥♥to the monsterI want my money backThe only thing this game has got going for it are the wicked graphics, which are a much better improvement compared to Left 4 Dead"
76561198122372803,Recommended,273350,20942821,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,ProMad89,90% Loading time any 10% gameplay. Good game though...
76561198051478942,Not Recommended,273350,16042328,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,76561198051478942,I realized in tutorial that my money was wasted.
76561198002421782,Recommended,273350,21417828,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Stay Frosty,"Though the game suffered a very bumpy start, but I have to give it to TRS for continuing to support the game and pump out content every month and most of it for free (Like different variations of monsters) and not ditching it.I'm sticking with this game becaise it has great game play/potential and I encourage people to give to give it another chance, especially when patch 9 hits which will fix most of the problems with the game. This game is far from dead.﻿"
76561198028534629,Not Recommended,273350,15165122,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Outofluck,"For a while, the game was a lot of fun. My friends and I were playing for ages trying to unlock all the hunters and learning the monsters. I've faced numerous glitches, the worst of which were crashes I'd experience only playing wraith; I'd get about 10 or 15 minutes into the match and then it would just crash and close the client for no reason. This ended more than a few evenings of gaming for me. But nonetheless, I chugged along. The community for the game is shrinking day by day, meaning there's basically nobody playing Evacuation (arguably the most enjoyable mode in the game) and people only play Hunt. Interest among my friends and I is dwindling as a result of this, on top of that fact that the game becomes montonous once you unlock all the hunters and monsters. DLC is coming though, and that'll fix it, right? Well, no, not without great cost. I was actually okay with the idea of paying $25 to get access to *all* of the new content. This game was at one point actually that enjoyable. But I looked into what that $25 covers (and more importantly, DOESN'T cover) and for my friends and I that was the breaking point. $25 just to get some new hunters and a few skins? That is not a ""season pass"". That's a regular content pack at best. And then it's a serparate $15 for the monster, so a total of $40 if I want all the new content to enjoy the game? A game, which as I mentioned above, has a a declining community, and still has more than its fair share of bugs. $40? I could take the occasional crash. I could take the game getting kind of boring once everything has been unlocked. I could even handle the difficulties in simply finding a match with so few people playing. But to ask for an additional $40 to obtain new content to restore some form of enjoyment to the game is ridiculous, considering **they'll likely do this same thing in another 2-3 months all over again**. The game is simply not worth the cost. I question if the inital $60 was even worth it, and that's before considering the devs were planning on asking for all this extra money all along. This is the last time I pay full price for a game without checking out more reviews and most importantly, their DLC plans. You'd be best to pass on this if you were considering buying it. Unless there are some major changes to the pricing of the DLC or even the base game itself, just move along. Your $60+ is best spent elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,273350,17865870,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Mattbones,game community is already dead. too much dlc to buy for exclusive content. played 6 minutes couldnt get a refund.
,Not Recommended,273350,17863466,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Tempest,Please dont ever buy this game. I've wasted my money on this crap which is a DLC buying simulator. Not even worth to buy it when it is on sale.
76561198083348519,Not Recommended,273350,19759860,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,larosx123,This game has 2 hours of contentRunning simulator
,Recommended,273350,14499414,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,mintR_tv on Twitch,"All in all a great game, What I will say this is best when playing with friends and you have communication. Searching solo online at a low rank is rather meh, but still fun overall.The game doesnt really begin to shine unless you have a team that knows that they are doing."
,Recommended,273350,14512066,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Cryofang,"Great game. It's pretty balanced for the most part. I've played both Hunters and Monsters and have both won and lost easily on each side and also been put in binds being monster or hunter and had long fights, but it was never really one sided unless you had a horrible team with no team coordination or couldn't use the monster correctly. The leveling system is alright although imo is kinda lame in order to use different mosters/hunters you have to level up. Leveling up is simple and can be easy, but without friends it can feel like a grind. It's best to play with friends, it can be played solo, but much more intense and enjoyable with a group of friends. As far as DLC goes yeah its lousy, but its how games are anymore, but it doesn't reduce the fun of Evolve in anyway."
,Not Recommended,273350,14955556,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Edgar Allan PWN,"TL;DR VERSION LOCATED AT BOTTOM OF REVIEWEVOLVE?!Left 4 Dead's developer releasing an original IP?!4v1 tactical combat with an evolving Monster with skill trees and leveling up!?HELL TO THE YES!I better buy both editions and support an awesome developer! - So I bought one for the PC and the X1.I've spent 100+ hours on the X1 edition and...I have NEVER been so let down by a developer / publisher in my life.I would go as far as to say this game was one of the biggest letdowns I have ever come across.Why would I say such a thing?For a game supposedly about adaptation and evolution of gameplay; there's a surprising amount of extreme exercises in tedium.Almost every match I've ever played goes the exact same way (keep in mind I solo-queued most of the time)1) The Monster is nowhere to be found and constantly escapes thus hitting Stage 3 extremely quickly.- Each Stage represents such a massive jump in power that once the Monster hits 3 there's little to no hope of surviving a firefight with it unless your team all has mics and is communicating effectively (which will NEVER, EVER happen)2) A well-coordinated, premade team of Hunters pesters the monster at every turn and ends the match extremely quickly usually when the Monster is still in Stage 1. Even when I was the odd man out in a 3-man Team they rarely ever needed much of my help.My point being is that you're going to spend a lot of this game seeing the same scenarios play out...Over, and over, and over, and over, and over... And over.That (in my mind) is not fun at all especially when this game is supposed to be 'competitive?'Then there's the terrible unlock system.For the Monster this isn't as bad because there's only one role Monster has and you only have to spend time unlocking the Kraken and then the Wraith. That's not really a major complaint from me.THE HUNTERS ON THE OTHER HAND...Everyone gets the same Hunters (1 for each role) and it forces you to use all your skills to unlock 1 Hunter.Then you have to use the Hunter you just unlocked... Use every skill they have to get the next Hunter.So and so forth.There's 4 Hunters for every role.EVERY MATCH tends to have the same group of Hunters. Variation barely ever exists.While you're playing the Hunters instead of tactically using your skills...What tends to happen is you spam whatever it is that you need to unlock the next Hunter.WHY NOT just give you all the Hunters from the very beginning and then people can play their favorites and just unlock equipment instead?!Because each Hunter has ONE set of equipment they can use. For example no differentiation between each Lazarus whatsoever. Each Lazarus player does the exact same thing as the last Lazarus player. It's just a matter of how good said Lazarus player is versus the other.That's so mind-bogglingly stupid in my mind.Then there's the DLC.There is ONE unlockable skin for each character (including the Monsters) and all you have to do is level up to get them.EVERY OTHER SKIN IN THE GAME YOU HAVE TO PAY FOR.Seriously there's no motivation whatsoever given to players to get better at this game.This game literally represents everything that is wrong with the state of AAA Games today.- No solid single player experience whatsoever with a lazily made Versus Bots mode instead.- Solid, well-made game mechanics but ZERO interesting ways to use them.- Tons upon tons upon tons of $$$ content that should've just came with the base game.- Instead of rewarding skill... Exploiting any kind of broken balancing is much more worth your time.I also found it incredibly frustrating that the game's motto is ""CHOOSE YOUR SIDE"" but...How am I supposed to play as the Monster AND play with my friends?!I could go on but I've wasted enough time and money on this blatant cashgrab.TL;DRYou are about to pay $59.99 for a Free-To-Play Game.You are about to pay $24.99 for a Season Pass... for a Free-To-Play Game.You are about to pay $84.98 (or $99.99) to play through / watch the same match unfoldover... and over... and over... and over... and over... and over...AND OVER AGAIN!DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY."
,Recommended,273350,14522342,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,PAUL BLART PIZZA COP,"GAMEPLAYThe gameplay of Evolve is a sort of double-edged sword. There are intense moments, both on the monster's and hunters' side, keeping you at the edge of your seat, staring at your health bar, hoping it won't disappear. However, there is the time between said moments, where you try to track the monster(or in the monster's case, run away from the hunters). These can be a bit repetive. What often happens, especially with the Wraith, is that you don't even see the monster until it is stage two or three. For me, this gameplay is fine, but for more ""impatient"" players this may turn them away from the game a bit.VISUALSRunning on the CryEngine, the visuals in this game are naturally very good. The colors pop out and the different environments in the maps are rendered very well.MAPSThe map variety in this game is stellar, ranging from tropical jungles, to frozen wastelands, and each map has its own set of weather effects. The developers also stated that they will be releasing DLC maps for free, only charging for new hunters and monsters.VERDICTAll in all, I think this game is fresh, and a welcome reprieve from the monotony that is the modern first person shooter industry. The closest comparison that I can draw to this game is Left 4 Dead, having some similar mechanics. I enjoy this game a lot, and I rate it 9/10"
76561198070199604,Recommended,273350,14523444,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Saints_Flow,lovin it
,Recommended,273350,14513325,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,♡ Raishu ♡,"EDIT: An actual review.  Maybe i'll edit again after even more game time.50+ hours in, my thoughts:Visually, I think the game looks awesome.  Everything looks beautiful in game, effects are crisp but aren't distracting.  You will always know exactly which effect belongs to which ability.  Player models are alright, nothing amazing but are still pleasing to the eye.  Terrain is pretty neat, there are certain maps that purposely try to hinder your vision (human and monster), and others that could be clear as day.Gameplay is hard hitting.  As stated in trailers, teamwork is essential as the hunters.  If one of your members die, you are going to notice a huge difference in your ability to take down the monster.  Every role is equally important in this game and you must work together to win.  It isn't possible to just go on your own, you can't win the game by yourself as a hunter.  I honestly believe they hit the ball out of the park as far as teamwork goes.There are some issues with the game however.  There are very few bugs i've come across, but they can become annoying.  First, your cursor will occasionally bug and you can see your cursor roaming across your screen as you move your mouse to look in a different direction.  This is the most common bug and it happens around 1/5 games.  Second bug being wonky interractions between the Goliath and certain walls.  Very rarely, the Goliath could get knocked back (no damage) from a wall.  This could send you across the map if nothing is in the way.  Never happened to me on any monster besides Goliath.  This bug is so rare though, can't even give a frequency at which it happens.Bugs aren't the only issues in the game, but balance.  Every game has those people that say X is OP and Y needs a buff.  The game was just released recently and everyone is still learning.  As far as my experience goes, the game seems to be in an -okay- place.  The hunters all have their strengths and weaknesses, and so do the monsters.  However, there are some characters that are a little too good at what they do.  The Wraith monster being a prime example of this.  Hunt being the primary game mode for multiplayer, any somewhat experienced Wraith will never be caught.  With the amount of speed and stealth it has, it's near impossible to keep up with it.  This leads to the hunters running around the map for most of the game trying to locate/trap it, rather than any actual combat against it.  I don't really care too much about something being too strong, but I do care when the game gets boring.  That's what the Wraith does, it makes the match boring for the hunters.  I'm completely happy fighting a Wraith if it fights, but most don't.  It just feels like one of those cheesy things to do.Content.  Unlockable characters are all fairly easy to obtain.  Reaching their elite skin is another story however.  It will take days to unlock the elite skin for a single hunter, and it's enjoyable along the way.  In multiplayer, Hunt is the primary game mode so you could say you are playing the same thing over and over again.  But you aren't.  Every match is different, it doesn't ever get repetitive.  You never know what to expect.  In Evacuation, you play five matches back to back.  Shuffling through various game modes and maps in between each game, you obtain different advantages or disadvantages depending on the outcome of the last game.  Massive rewards at the end of all five matches.Now for the most controversial part of the review.  Game value and DLC.Is the game worth it?  You can't even debate this.  It's different for every person.  Some hate the game, some enjoy the hell out of the game.  I am for the latter.  50 hours in, long sessions of gameplay, still not one bit tired of the game.  DLC, however, is what is putting this game down.  There were some DLC packs that were released on the same day as launch.  The fact that the DLC could have been in the game does bug me, but the fact that it is cosmetic DLC makes me not care at the same time.  As stated many times by many people, the DLC as of now is purely cosmetic and does not affect gameplay in any way.  There is nothing that you can't do without the DLC.  The whole controversy on this topic is really bemusing.  The fact that the DLC wasn't already in the game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, but there is really nothing forcing you to buy it considering that it doesn't really do anything besides change what some stuff looks like a little bit.There are some people who don't even care about any of this.Let those people buy the DLC if they want.  Who cares.  As for me?  I sure as hell am not buying DLC that should have been in the game already, but I definitely am not going to let that ruin my experience.As a closing statement, I would just like to say that the top rated ""helpful"" reviews are quite the opposite.  I find it amusing that most of these top rated reviews are from people with below ten hours of gameplay.  Many of which hardly understand the game yet, I see some things written off as bugs which are actual features in the game.tl;dr?Nice visualsGreat non-reptetitive gameplay (heavily encourages teamwork)Some annoying bugsSome balance(?) issuesDay 1 DLC is pure cosmetic but still ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tTop rated helpful reviews are not helpful"
,Not Recommended,273350,25892658,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Ra's al Ghul,"Got banned for nothing, same with some other Legacy players, they can't tell you for what they ban you, they cant show proof... Wird Zeit das ihr Pleite geht."
76561198022309665,Recommended,273350,14613798,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Robbeem,"Lots of great gameplay. Solo mode is a blast, and multiplayer is even better. Hunters work together in a team. Monster has fun going it alone. Definitely recommended."
76561198115179421,Not Recommended,273350,29460872,Posted: 24 January,all,Fizzel,"I played the game at a friends house when it first game out. It was awesome, but I didn't think what it had justified the 60$ price tag plus DLC. Then I ended up forgetting about it. Glad I didn't buy it in the hype. They went free to play, implemented a poor microtransaction model, and completely alienated part of the people who forked over 60 to 100$ by removing maps (for balance). This is a dying game only kept up to milk what little money it can get. The game tutorial was fun enough. From what I found this is another dying f2p game with no support. I can't connect to Evolve account  to get my daily challenges. After multiple relogs and restarts, I found comments saying authentification problems are common. I can't play a normal game without playing a co-op versus AI game. But After multiple tries I couldn't even get in one. The small number of 350 are playing the full fledge multiplayer I suppose. This creates a barrier, so that people can't play. Please remove the co-op versus AI requirement. It is a lock from getting new players. Then again, the whole game was poorly handle. Too bad, the game was good."
,Not Recommended,273350,17035236,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Goldwing,"Let me be blunt: this game represents everything wrong with the current AAA industry. Weak servers, Day 1 DLC that should have been part of the main game, revealing the preorder bonuses before even one screenshot, the list goes on and on. I need to go play Bioshock or something before I drop video games altogether and take up gardening."
,Not Recommended,273350,15010300,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Corp,"I do enjoy the game, but $80 first day skin DLC (which should just be unlockable skins through achievements like games used to be) & overpriced hunters and monsters a month later after I've already paid for a full price title is just too greedy."
,Not Recommended,273350,14448280,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,-=TiM=-,"Yes. I bought it, and I think it's an amazing game. The game concept is fresh, and every single role brings a different challenge to the table.But do I recommend my friends get it? Absolutely not.This unholy level of DLC dodginess should not be rewarded. This is not the way AAA games should work."
76561198056359991,Not Recommended,273350,14914376,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Lighthouse,"The dissapointment of the year. I didn't get the chance to play beta but if I had i would have 60 extra dollars in my bank account. If you have some people to play with, the game is probably a good deal better, but the game requires a higher level of coordination than most casual ""pugs"" are capable of putting forth and I was very underwhelmed with the gameplay of the monster role. From what I understand Goliath is more challenging to play than the other monster classes, but if that were the case why is he the only one available from the get go. Great idea from TRS but their execution leaves alot to be desired."
76561198039649692,Not Recommended,273350,14814799,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Barov,Got convinced to buy this by a groupp of friends. EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTINGThe battles are just chaos. Not really a lot of strategy besides not missing.The fun depends on the monster completely. If they are really good. you just lose once they reach level 3.If they suck you kill them immediately.Neat for a couple hours. Probably will never play again
76561198086826600,Not Recommended,273350,14977782,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Malbik,Its a fun game. But there are two things that put me off. The system for unlocking and the fact that the 100 dollar version feels no different from the 60. I feel like I got no benefit from preordering the really nice edition. I also hate how you have to unlock everything. The way you do it is a little to tedius to. Honestly this game shouldn't be brought for more than 30 bucks. Thats what I feel its worth. The game play is fun but having to go through unlocking everything means no customization. So It gets my no. Don't buy this unless its on sale.
76561198016901158,Not Recommended,273350,15281032,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,YRS-shen => PAINMAX,"This game would be really amazing if the number of bug was reduce.It's not unusual in some hour of play, your game crash and you can't do anything about it.I really love this game but if they don't fix the bugs, I won't recommend it to anyone.I just get my game crashed at the last second where I should have winI really hope the bugs are going down.I really thanks the developpers for this game but with less crash, it would be perfect."
,Not Recommended,273350,24165815,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,SpooklyFat,"I absolutely lov""ed"" this game. Paying 40 bucks to get in was worth, for the first few weeks. The game died after about a month or so and matchmaking was about 10-15 minutes. Don't get me wrong, going F2P was a great idea. It made the matchmaking quick and easy. However, for people who have payed for DLC or skins from the ""founder"" version, wasted their money now. Those microtransactions that we bought are now available to everyone, making them not-so-special. In total, if you spent 60 bucks on this game, everyone else can spend nothing and get more than you. On top of that, the gamemakers also removed the other gamemodes from the game, making it so that you play hunt, a 4 hunters vs 1 monster game or you play nothing. However, it was just remade, so they are probably putting new gamemodes in...hopefully."
76561198069129823,Not Recommended,273350,14807930,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Jobless Gamer,A TON OF BUGS! GETTING ALL BLACK SCREEN IN THE MIDDLE OF THE GAME!
76561198045846586,Not Recommended,273350,14817695,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,TimeFcuk,"♥♥♥♥, it's fun for a bit, but there isn't enough customization or depth to Evolve.Also, it's a 60$ DLC platform."
,Recommended,273350,14516811,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,jaryd☂,"All right. Well. How do we tackle this one. After spending hours reading the positive and negative reviews of this game, the 100hrs I have of this game (and additional 40 hours not counted from the beta) I'm going to give it my best shot to objectively review this game.Evolve is an incredible experience. To this day I have yet to play a game that has the sheer (totally did that on purpose) level of anticipation, adrenaline, and team building this title offers. Working together, each in seperate but all extremely important roles, you and your hunters are creating an arena for a fight. Sadly, the reviews stating ""not enough content"" or ""repetitive"" are just so completely false. Each game of ""hunt"", and please understand that my review will be only around this game mode, is a completely different experience. This has to do with the change in map, the change in creature spawns in that map, the slightly different path the monster took, if the monster decided to sneak or not, the character you're playing, the people you're playing with, the monster you're up against, and the character perk you chose, everything is exciting and new. That being said:Do I think this game is for casual players? Yes and no. That truly depends on the opinion of the buyer. For me? No. I spent $60 on this game, and will continue to spend money on this game's content, to be in a competitive format building great teammwork. For others, publicly gaming with people they do not know from the internet is fine for them, and good for them. Personally, I enjoy the intricacies of a group of friends, who have a well-established field-captain calling the shots, and participating in strat discussions. This is the ideal of a team game to me. Oh wait, did I say team game? There's another part of this game that requires no teamwork at all and is essentially a new game altogether? Wait, what??The monster play is its own entity. The player makes his/her own decisions on the spot, an adrenaline filled exciting experience. I have yet to play a game that has two completely different games in one. The monster experience is a brand new game altogether, with a completely different learning curve of its own. It requires no teamwork, no ""playing with annoying pubs"", you can play who you want to play like. In this, there are three different monsters (a 4th already announced) that allow you to play exactly how you'd like to. If this isn't just the best thing I've ever heard I don't know what is.I will briefly state the DLC argument, although I think it's hardly worth my time. I don't think there's any debate that the general public is upset with how the game was setup for pre-release. The DLC was already being offered BEFORE the game was out. I get that. It's annoying, it seems like they just want to make money, I'm with you. But listen, if they're offering up a new monster and hunters as DLC? Oh boy does that change the gameplay more than any DLC i've ever heard before! Like I said earlier, there are two parts to this game (at the very least, both hunters and monsters each have many roles). So when the DLC comes out for a new monster and hunters, you have two sides to experience it on! It's a whole new game of hunting, an entirely new experience altogether.  Oh and are you seriously upset about skins? They're skins. You don't have to buy them. Get over yourselves.I can't say it enough. I recommend you try this game with three other hunters who know something about this game. Watch an Evolve developer streamer, watch someone who is knowledgeable about the game. Or don't. That choice is entirely up to you. I'm telling you all this because I truly love this game. It's one of the best experiences I've had in multiplayer gaming, and I can't wait to see where this game takes me next.Thanks for reading-Jaryd"
76561197985467076,Not Recommended,273350,14909488,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,SteelheadJunkie,Fun for a little while. Lack of content and very repetitive. Not worth the $60
,Not Recommended,273350,23570775,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,HUNTER,"After being released Evolve was AWESOME but 1 month later and it seemed like the devs have given up on this game, so they introduced in-game purchases which killed the game.As of now this game doesnt have many players, and matchmaking can take upto 30 minutes."
76561198005462292,Recommended,273350,24195936,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,LadyVolk,"Community full of trash hatters, the game is perfect and the developers are lovelly, they really want the game to be the best."
,Not Recommended,273350,14981396,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Bearo,Primal Carnage on steam is much better than this game.
76561198033658831,Not Recommended,273350,25434442,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,TheGingerSquirrel,"Had this game since release...back when it was original Evolve and required skill to play. Now its a Hunter ♥♥♥♥ fest where the Devs keep releasing new ""buff"" hunter patches and new Hunter varients that make it insanely easy to stall out a monster and win...again and again.If you ever want to play monster get ready to be royally bent over, unless you wanna invest over 1000 hours on this til youre considered a ""pro"" lest the cancerous and toxic community tell you to ""git gud"".Speaking of community, god forbid ever trying to have an educated discussion as an adult on the forums...Devs pretend to care, but only care about the 4 before 1 ratio, and pleasing the newbies.Matchmakings terrible too, despite being ""skill based"" you can be paired with people with only 10 hours. They never have a freaking clue whats going on or what teamplay is, despite tutorials being plastered  on every single screen.Oh and Hackers still infest the game, so enjoy that.Long story short, an initially fun game, with interesting new additions (if you play Hunter that is) that instantly drops off and leaves you frustrated and bitter at inbalanced combat.If youre a troll, and have troll friends, you'll love this game. <3"
76561198140722764,Recommended,273350,14522770,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,KrazyboneX24,"Evolve is a very solid game from the same developer that did Left 4 Dead. It keeps the same multiplayer co-op ""story driven"" feel as L4D. Playing as the hunters requires a good amount of coordination or luck to effectively take down monsters while playing as a monster can be very rewarding when you beat down 4 hunters in an onlsaught of rock throws, lightning or many other special ablities. The game offers solo, multiplayer 4 vs bot monster (the bots are actually competent and can wreck face), or 4 players vs 1 player. Controls are handled very well in how the monsters or hunters move and operate, the only complaint I have is at times trying to climb something either hunter or monster can be hit or miss especially when depleted of stamina or jet pack fuel leaving you trapped in corners trying to avoid the enemy. Graphics look great as its built using the CryEngine so cranking up your settings can be very visually rewarding. Sounds are definitely great also ranging from the distance thumps of the monster, rushing water, birds, gun blasts, and etc. The most common complaint I've seen on the reviews have been from the price or DLC. The only one that applies to the actual review of the game is the DLC which is NOT day 1 DLC or hidden until release, they have specific dates further down the line which include other hunters, monsters and etc. If a player doesn't want to buy skins...which yes you have to pay for (they do run a business and to run a business you need someone to pay for your product even if people think its ""mundane""). All in all I've been having a great experience either with friends or randoms, and if you are on the fence about this game check out review from gaming sites and I dont remember seeing anything below an 8. I also purchased the Master Race Edition as I felt for the game, dlc and other included stuff it would be welll worth it as I previously enjoyed the developer's games and you know this is going to be a heavly modded game just like L4D! All in all I would give this game a 9/10 with the faults being minor control ""errors"" and woutd like to see more varied environments such as urban, deserts, plains, snow areas (does have small areas with snow). See you in the forest and Happy Hunting!"
,Recommended,273350,14512646,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Astaren,"OVERALL RATING: 8/10 (recommended)--- INTRODUCTION ---Evolve is an asymmetrical multiplayer shooter that pits a team of 4 hunters against 1 monster. The hunter’s power level stays the same throughout the match, while the monster can grow stronger (“evolve”) by feeding on wildlife. Once the monster has grown strong enough, roles reverse and hunters become the hunted.--- GAMEPLAY: 9/10 ---Evolve’s asymmetrical gameplay works! Both hunters and monsters are fun to play and (mostly) well balanced. Gameplay feels fresh and innovative, succeeding requires hunters to team-work and monsters to move and use abilities strategically. However, some games can be a bit too drawn-out when hunters fail to catch up to the monster. Furthermore, it is important to note that this is essentially a “multiplayer-only” game. While Evolve does feature bots, only playing with (and against) human players is lasting fun.--- PRESENTATION: 8/10 ---The game’s graphics and sound are of very high quality. Maps are atmospheric and well-designed from a gameplay point-of-view, but look too similar. Hunter- and monster-characters are detailed and likeable. Controls are simple and intuitive. The interface somewhat suffers from being designed for “multi-platform”-use rather than being optimized specifically for PC.--- POLISH: 7/10 ---Evolve is an “AAA-game” and of high production value. Servers are stable and I have encountered almost no bugs. Matchmaking, however, tends to produce inconsistent results and will often prevent you from playing your preferred role or put you into games that are already in progress. Ranked play is painfully missing as of release, but the game’s developers promise to add this feature in a future free update.--- VALUE: 7/10 ---Evolve includes 5 game modes (Hunt, Rescue, Nest, Defense and an “umbrella” campaign-mode called Evacuation), 12 regular maps, 4 „Defense“-mode maps, 12 hunters (3 of each class) and 3 monsters. Hunters and monsters all feel and play very different, resulting in a different experience every game. While Evolve features several modes, the game’s main “Hunt”-mode eclipses all other modes in terms of fun and replayability.Evolve’s developers (Turtle Rock Studios) promise that all future maps and game modes will be free for all buyers of the base game. New hunters and monsters as well as skins will be available as paid DLC."
76561197966599003,Not Recommended,273350,14491900,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Baked Ziti,Crashes every game after 2 minutes. DEVICE_ERROR_HUNG appears and is a known issue with no fix.
76561198078826816,Recommended,273350,14502602,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Jurassic,"I absolutely love this game. It is a very strategic game that requires good strategy and communication to win. This game is tons of fun and I say it is totally worth getting. Evolve is an awesome game that's unlike any other multiplayer shooter out there right now.The different hunters and monsters each provide different strategies and tactics that you must use to win as them. It's a very fun game, and I've had some really intense moments. Evolve will get your heart pounding."
76561198101479092,Recommended,273350,14428264,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Rump Raider,The game looks amazing the concept is fresh and the gameplay is executed wonderfully. The tension of avoiding the hunters and at the same time the rush of searching for the monster before he can evolve makes this game truly epic and unique. Its a great new perspective and spin on the typical shooter breathing new life into the genre. Who wouldn't love walking around as a hulking monstrocity obliterating everything in your path?Plus contrary to the many people who complain about the price it's a brand new game doing something different for the price of a normal game no one complains about the copius amounts of sequels in the shooter/action genre and by most peoples compariosons games like Call of Duty or Battlefield should be considered to cost $240+ as you always have to have the newest installment to even play. The reality seems like the price complainers on a brand new type of game are butthurt pirates that couldnt get it for free.Highly recommend!!!
76561198035216175,Recommended,273350,15162590,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,kacktusman,"My Review for Evolve - Let me keep it short and honest:I was interested in the atmosphere and the monster gameplay - I have always wished for some game like Evolve.The game is great fun, has awesome graphics, the balance worked pretty well till now and I am sure they will always keep adjusting everything so everyone can be happy. I am happy with how it works now, and I hope there is more stuff to come.It may not be perfect, but how many games out there can be called perfect?About the prices and the whole chaos that came with that:The game itself is maybe a bit too expensive for its current amount of content, but thats not as bad as everyone is acting like it is, and can be forgiven easily, since the game is good and will be expandet over time. The shop? Its perfectly fine with me, since there are mostly skins and not really gamechanging things at the moment. The new hunters are fine too, nobody needs to buy them as they seem to be just as good as the old ones. The prices are ok, because interessted players should be willing to spend that amount of money if they really want them and as I said, nobody HAS to get them if he does'nt want to.My Opinion? I would like everyone to give the game another chance and not judge it only because of the money it costs.I know its a bit expensive for its current state and i don't want to support too high prices. But its also not at all a bad game, and should recieve some more love. It's sad to see that there are so few players left from the amount of players that were playing at release, and a game can't grow without a certain amount of players.Give it another chance, and don't get yourself a false picture by some angry gamers. Test it yourself, and you will see its a good game!"
,Recommended,273350,14424234,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Seanyboy311,"To all the idiots/Trolls that are making these reviews. Just because the games price is on the high side. ITS STILL FUN!Don't listen to these whiners and DECIDE FOR YOURSELF if you like the game.Ok I played this since the Alpha and its still FUN. Hunting brings in the coop feel of L4D and being Monster brings in the survival insticts that a mouse would have running away from the cat. When the monster Evolves it becomes your own Final Boss battle as you must use all your strengths as the hunters to take  down the rampaging Monster. As for DLC, MAPS ARE GOING TO BE FREE ITS ONLY CHARACTERS THAT COST MONEY! so yeah you can play with DLC owners without buying them.TL;DR- go look up some offical reviews before reading the Steam reviews and EVOLVE IS A GREAT GAME!"
,Not Recommended,273350,12737270,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Ciao Time,"Changing my positive review to a negative now that the beta period's ended and the game is a month since launch.There's bugs in the release build that weren't in beta or alpha that have made it nearly impossible to enjoy the game, from cursor flickering and loss-of-input problems on my multi-monitor setup to being instakilled from dropship spawns when the intro sequence goes awry. Load times are abysmal, Wraith is a hot mess for any group of hunters to fight, and a good chunk of the game's maps are hidden behind a fairly half-baked marathon mode called Evacuation.And not a single patch has hit since release day.Honestly, the beta was better than this: the first two monsters are the most fun to fight, the map selection wasn't much different than in the release game's hunt mode, and somehow the whole experience was more stable than it is now. I can no longer recommend Evolve to anyone in good faith."
,Recommended,273350,24476005,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Salad,"This is a great game to play solo or with friends, play it and form your own opinion though as its not for everyone. However, the community is not the nicest and nothing will ever make them happy, if you can get past the spiteful and entitled people then this is a fantastic game, especaillyl for f2p."
,Recommended,273350,24304051,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Matthew DaFoe,"First off - Founder here.Bought the game shortly after its inital release.Personally I never had any issues with the DLC stuff or paying for it, a good game deserves its money. Evolve was one of these really good games, sadly not for the majority of the people. People put it down and it did not even get the chance to go big. I stopped playing because the playerbase died and it was just sad.Now with the relaunch of Evolve Stage 2, I am happy. The game is back and it has tons of people playing. REMEMBER: this is only a beta and a lot of changes are expected.Positive points:- F2p now, nothing buyable currently (hint you can still get keys for the game and obtain the founder stuff)- actual active playerbase- Lots of different hunters/monsters- Cool Gameplay, very nice idea imo.- Short rounds doesn't require you to play for 1 hour straight- Creators are actively listening to the community on how to improve. (looking at your wraith nerfs)Negative points: (Which will most likely be adjusted in the future)- Not many maps currently (they are reworking the old ones)- Can feel grindy to get ingame currency and unlock new stuff- Matchmaking needs to be addressed- Lots of outdated stuff like the wiki/tutorials from players- Balance issues- Leaver issuesIt might sound like a lot of negative stuff but it's all being addressed actively - that's why I put a lot of hope into this game.I'm sure evolve 2 can get a fairly large playerbase if the people don't judge it by its cover (inital release) and give it a try. It's tons of fun - can be played competitive (ranked) and casual of course.Give it a try :)"
76561198051343283,Recommended,273350,24309997,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Whiterain1000,"I played the hell out of it when it launched and was sad when the population plunged. With this F2p launch im stoked to play again.Some of the problems that were there are still here. The match maker needs some polish. Theres a few balance issues here and there. But as f2p shooters go, this is the cream of the crop. With friends as hunters or solo as the monster you will get a kick out of it. It seems simple to play but as you learn the mechanics, heroes and goals it has plenty of depth for maybe a competitive gaming future."
76561198237016096,Recommended,273350,29707184,Posted: 4 February,all,SLAUTERMAN,"This was one of the greatest games i have ever played if not the greatest but, now 2k canceled it i truly think this game was one of a kind and that no other game can replicate it i give it a 9/10"
,Not Recommended,273350,26136584,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,0078,"I know I was told not to preorder games. Did it anyway.I spend over $100 on this game, not just to get the DLC, but to drag the game out of hell.Then came stage 2. Everyone was happy.So were the hackers. And my NASA computer, as it repeatedly crashed the game as it pleased.Now I see Turtle Rock has trashed this game, saying that the game wasn't popular enough like those of us who contributed to it's resurrection didn't exist, and has instantly begun working on another absolute failure.I will never again preorder from or help these people out of hell again.I'm sure you've already heard the same words from many other reviewers."
76561198012336593,Recommended,273350,24386826,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Hot Chicken toast,im . buy . monster pack dlc.
,Recommended,273350,24580023,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Fanone ☯,"So guys, here is a honnest guy from a player that plays evolve since his early stages in 2015:I have to admit that i was a fanboy of the old Evolve, and quite the kind of guy ho buys every DLC just for supporting the developers of the game i most enjoyed that time, thats totally fine and i encourage you all to do it with your favourite games, but the point is that besides me and some more veterans of Evolve, people didnt wanted to spend their money everytime a new hunter/monster/skin was added, so they quit the game, now the game came back with a few differences:-At the moment the game is 100% free to play, including all characters, skins, maps and perks;-Thoose ho bought the game early will now have founder status;-Founders have special badge items and can keep everything they had for free (without having to spend the ingame currency);-The game is no longer a full realease and its now on its BETA phase;-The game was modded to have a shorter ingame time and a more friendly experience to new players (no more cloaking(exept for lazarus), all hunters can dome without failing the dome, trapper's new class abillity is a radar that tells the general location of the monster, wildlife is slighty weaker so that both monster and hunters can proceed their chasing quicker, etc...);-All the stats have been reseted ( elite skins, accolades, achievements...);-They plan to add a new character every 2 weeks;-Turtlerock has been very responsive in forums and has updated the game alot more freequently now.AFTER ALL GIVE IT A TRY ;)"
76561198077722651,Recommended,273350,24542999,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,MasterJackWiz,All I can say is I love this game.
,Recommended,273350,24056431,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Cosmic,"I had given this a bad review before but I see many great improvements, notably free2play model which is awesomewp dev"
,Recommended,273350,24284710,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,WeustiS,"A lot of people say that this game isn't the best. It isn't. But by all means, it is really, really fun."
76561198102885636,Recommended,273350,14428065,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Gourmet tsukiyama,"An interesting game, extremely fun to play as almost any character in the game, only problem I have is that it seems geared against the monster"
,Recommended,273350,15061827,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Dark Stormer,Its a very good game with teamwork in the Hunter team and the monster must have the Survival instinct.
,Recommended,273350,24270941,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,аз съм слаб,This game is amazing i was bought this for 14.99euro now is free and i get so much weapon skins and monsters skinsu need more time to know basics and special skills to be good in this game.
,Recommended,273350,24271533,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,NigalKarp,Quick easy and addictive gameplay.
76561198017529828,Recommended,273350,24223859,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,IDKWhoitis,"So, I liked Evolve when it first came out, and enjoyed until its premature death. It was sad to see it with 200ish players on lucky days. The decision to go Free To Play was a good one, now the game has be revived. But this revival is as good as the Lazarus glove, I mean its back, but with a tad ""bit"" brain damage. The addition of more passive health regen is good, and so is the global arena dome. But at what cost? The Trappers have been gutted, and they now get a satellite. Which is great, but the one guy that already had a satellite now gets two satellites? Did they think through the change in the game meta this would cause? Then there's the god awful monster armor. Gaining full armor in a minute flat, without eating, is a sin. Why bother fighting? Have a picnic with the monster at that point, because all he is doing is eating anyways. And ARMOR WHILE EVOLVING? WHAT? What happened to the gamble? Of finding a safe place to evolve when at your weakest was the whole point. But instead, the monster can evolve whereever, barely hiding (ie behind a bush), then jump away and regain its armor without bothering to eat. Armor regenning in the middle of a fight.*breathes in*Then there is the arena timer, which is as accurate as Hyde during Happy Hour. 5 minutes, wait no, 1:30. Wait did I say a minute, I meant its gone now. The only warning you get when the dome is going down, is when it is gone, just like the wraith's stealth ability. No 30 second warning, no 5 second warning, Nothing. Just like the net result of a 30 second battle, where you wont be able to dome the ♥♥♥♥er for another 80 seconds.*opens bottle of bourbon*Eeeerghhh, The Gorgon. What the F()ck. So the monster is at the bottom of the map, wait no, east, wait did I say west? I meant he's eating medic. Ok, fine, he's fast, he hits hard, fair enough. At least he's squishy right? Wait... Remember earlier? That whole rant about the new armor rules? And the whole rant about the armor? They combine into a bigger s-h-i-t-storm where the gorgon will take someone down in the dome, before losing any health, lost it's armor, while beating everyone within an inch of their life, then jump and sprint away because the dome is down, at a speed that can not be matched by a drugged up Cairal; *breath in* regains all it armor, lament its missing half health bar, then be back for round two, a full 30 seconds before you can put up the dome again. And everyone will be dead or melting in the time it took to read that sentence. The Gorgon turns into a tank, based on the armor regen that it can exploit by running away before any actual damage was done. All this, at level 1, no evolution required.Serious repairs are needed, because a rework on this scale was not balanced, at all, because any monster that knows how to be a monster will win, hands down, and get 36 win streaks. Because the hunters cannot keep up with this, the monsters chose when to fight, not the hunters, the monster can determine if it wants to stay or go (since dropping the dome is trival for a good monster who downs a guy -3:00 dome time, loses armor -1:00 dome time) and he can MELT the relay (that thing the monster can fiddle at level 3) in 30 seconds, while being shot.PRO= All characters that were needed to keep the game alive, are present, and playablePRO= Less dependent on good teams (One guy can moderately screw up, but you may win, maybe)PRO= Matchmaking works (Unless Matchmaking doesn't think you are in a party, but you are, but it keeps breaking you up)CON= The Long Con of paying 60ish dollars to get 3000 credits and a few badges and characters from the beginning...CON= Broken meta, not reshaped, the trappers are as useful as decaffinated coffee, Squishy characters aren't really anymoreCON= Where are those gamemodes? Those gamemodes that went through months of development, gone.CON= The Cat and Mouse, Stealth, Clever tricks that made this a game where a, ""controlled monster must evade and outsmart a team of four uniquely skilled hunters."" Becomes a game of chasing ghosts, where the ghost is actually a 12 ton bio-mechincal crime against nature, which is pondering who it wants to tenderize first.But I have some hope for it yet, please TRS, fix this, you got a revive from death.10/10 For monsters7/10 For hunters (Hope you got some really good hunter friends)"
,Recommended,273350,24223957,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,_Ho0cH_,The game is free to play now.The game is fun.Why are we supposed to angry again?
76561198139601463,Recommended,273350,25638498,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Dalge priest,i really enjoy this thinks it really worth playing
,Recommended,273350,24302081,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,jonezie,"The new perks system is a little overwhelming, but it's mostly the same ol' game I loved last year, but with a whole lot more people to stomp on with my monster of choice: BOB! The hunters have been tweaked to make it more about monster fighting and less about monster chasing, but all the fun is in the fight, so that's a win for most people. I've called this Overwatch for adults, but that's probably not fair. Accurate, but not fair."
,Recommended,273350,24298402,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,McDom,"Free to play was definitely the way to go for this game. Why?- You can find players- You can find players of your skill level- Massively more variety in hunter teams than prior- You can earn everything absolutely free, and at the moment of this review, the grind basically non-existentBut why should you play this game at all?- Colourful characters, some of the best/funniest dialogue I've ever heard this side of a Borderlands game- Varied game mechanics, no two hunter teams will give you the same hunt, and no two combinations play the same anyway- Offline solo play for practice, still earning currency- 100% free to play (as of this review)- Team focused game- Or go it alone as the monsterThough there is currently only one gametype again (hopefully they'll re-introduce the others again soon), no two matches will play out the same, it give replayability beyond any online game I've played, and if you get a team together, there is nothing like the thrill of the hunt to get the adrenaline going."
76561198123105096,Recommended,273350,24187303,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,ArkhamKnightEX,"So, Evolve Stage 2, I've been playing since the first day of it's release and support the game as much as I can by buying all the DLC's beliving it to be a great and fun game. Now it's free to play, great, now we get more people joining us, however I am not pleased by the new key system, even much less with the founder's rewards, you would think afer losing all the time and effort we put into the game they would at least give us 10k sliver keys, I mean, just a skill takes min 1k of sliver keys already, but that's just me ranting, fun game, new stuff, same old action"
,Recommended,273350,24327297,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Lbinthehouse,"Yeah yeah Evolve IS a fun game but this is utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, i paid 80 dollars and guess what?? EVOLVE TURNED F2P... THIS IS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T AND I WANT MY MONEY BACK"
76561198105166143,Recommended,273350,24995572,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,TheCryingJ0kEr,"The Game is not balanced anymore, there have been so many updates since i bought this game at 50 bucks, i pre purchased it, and the game was well balanced. Now its free, and even if its an overall fun game, playing as the monster now is extremely difficult. Playing as a hunter is easy now. Please balance the game Devs..."
76561198137141425,Not Recommended,273350,29529931,Posted: 27 January,all,kolten.dzuris,"couldnt play with friends, got kicked every time, game sucks"
76561198132682348,Not Recommended,273350,29555604,Posted: 28 January,all,Zuki,I can only play the tutorials. The game is broken it wont let me anywhere near the online game
,Not Recommended,273350,29409521,Posted: 21 January,all,Question Mark Man,"I would like to...well..like this game. But after a good 30 minutes of playing I got D/c'd from my team, and when trying to get into a new lobby I ended up in an infinite loop of not being able to sign in due to ""evolves profile services""Im not suprised why no one plays this game anymore, the devs seem to have given up on it themselves."
,Recommended,273350,14428221,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Korisana,"The game itself isn't bad. Room to grow for sure. Lack content really hurts the game right now. Wait for a sale. This can also be known as DLC Simulator 2015. $4.99 per hunter skin, $6.99 for monster skins. Yes these are option but this is crazy. Get the content in the game first then worry about ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cash shop DLC."
,Not Recommended,273350,29608853,Posted: 31 January,all,Emnasia ☿,"It's a fun game, but when u want to play a game it takes hours. And after that, it says ""No server found to host this game"". Finding a team isn't even the problem. It's just that they don't have their servers right, which is too bad because it's actually fun to play. Should u play this game? No, only if u have anough patients."
76561198021459731,Recommended,273350,27584851,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Gnisufnoc,Words
,Recommended,273350,26367470,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,awd327,"This game is amazing, fun to play with a squad of friends, solo matchmaking, or even just with bots. There is still a decently strong core fanbase, and despite low numbers, I have had no trouble finding matches. Best of all, its a AAA title, completely free.8.9/10"
76561198011346165,Recommended,273350,24697762,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Giberific,With the larger playerbase and game changes it's gotten much more fun but still challenging.
76561198191638428,Recommended,273350,24182235,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Kyros,"Glad that there are more players but could we, the founders, please recieve our levels back as well???? It's not really nice when you spend hours on leveling and then it gets randomly taken away.Still good game but not goin to play it until I get my level back."
,Recommended,273350,14844044,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Hazardus Chemikals,"Update: 6/25/15With the addition of Arena mode, the reduced price of the ""Hunting Season Passes"" as they now call them (where new tiers are now only $25 for 4 hunters + 1 monster), and overall improved play - I'll change it to positive.There's still a lot of BS that went on and a some of it still going on, but all in all it's a fun game that I've enjoyed very much. Hopefully the lessons have been learned and Evolve 2 gets this game where it needs to be.Original review:---------------------------It's hard to believe the game turned out like this. Playing both the alpha and beta, I (and the friends I invited) were super excited for the release.Once it came... bugs galore, boring alternate modes, and serious balance issues have wrecked this game. It's to the point now (only 1 month after release) that you can barely find a good match.The first patch for PC finally arrived today, but there isn't much improved. I really think they're using valuable resources to program DLC instead of fixing what's breaking the game and killing the player pool.Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together 2K and TRS. If you want AAA prices, we want AAA results."
,Not Recommended,273350,14469163,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Stega,Dont listen to the people complaing about the price for DLC they just  cant afford it and you dont even need DLC to play the game and some people complaing about not finding the monster in hunt mode thing is thats the main part having to track down the monster before stage three its not idmediatly finding him unless he dosent get far away before yall drop in as for the monster if you are able to stay hiden from the hunters that means your doing good you dont want to run right infront of them where they see you but i understand that if you are just running away the whole time your annoying cant tell you how many times we (friends i play with) are chaseing a stage 2 or 3 monster and wont bother to fight.and yes there are problems with evacuation mode because we didnt get to test it in the beta so they couldnt fix bugs in the gamemode but dispite the little problems in the game i still give it a 10/10 *EDIT* im now giving this 7/10 so many bugs not updateing on weekends but only xbox and now like every game i play as the monster if im not playing with friends everyone appears to be hacking being able to use healing burst every second is bull taking almost no damage healing for stupid amounts being able to teleport to you when you evolve able to heal or be revived in the water which your not able to do laz can instant revive someone and do it while i eat their body and im sorry i really like this game but if its where i cant play without friends and not enjoy it thats bull so if you havent bought it yet WAIT before you buy it and a month
,Recommended,273350,14419399,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,ɢαмвιт,"Well, TRS had balls and made Evolve F2P. Was this decision good or bad, only time will show... I loved the game from day 1, and can`t say anything bad about it. GG TRS, GG !"
76561198107726701,Recommended,273350,14422208,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,J. Carmine,"7/10A lot of fun if you're the monster, if you're the hunter good luck. and its no the game devs fault. no one has mics anymore when playing, there's 0 team co-ordination because of it. this isnt a game where 1 or 2 people can carry the team, its 100% a team effort and its just not there. thats why i just stick to being the monster, i win 80% of my games because of how bad the hunter team is. if you're reading this, invest in a mic please."
,Recommended,273350,24813276,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Gear,meh
,Recommended,273350,30970081,Posted: 5 April,all,Cog,"This WAS a great game, I am not saying this is a bad game now, but it needs more. Back when I first played this, it required skill. If you could not find the monster you were screwed. If you were caught by the hunters you were screwed. This game is much more rookie friendly now, but i still recommend caution. You wil lose A LOT the first time you play. While I do enjoy the game, I must urge Turtle Rock Studios to finish stage 2, or this game will never grow to the shining beacon it was meant to be.All in all, it's almost as frustrating as Dark Souls and requires a grind (Not for xp, but for skill.)Edit: More newbies are beginning to play, so you won't lose as much when you first start off."
,Not Recommended,273350,29420086,Posted: 22 January,all,SAY10,"This game is really for a niche market, but it was hyped for everyone. If you liked multi player in giants Citizen kabuto you will like this game and monster play is really good. The main problem of this game is pricing and WTF DLC garbage.2K is really **** Publisher and the was of hype and DLC garbage is insane. Game as whole is good, but you will need 4 friends or play monster (i really like monster gameplay, but it is not for everyone). I think this game should have been Free to play model like planet side 2.As whole i like this game, but it could have been really one of the best FPS games ever made. I just hope Turtle rock will make in future single player campaign that will gameplay of both moster and humans."
,Recommended,273350,14535317,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,DiBiddilyBop,"It's time for me to redo my review of Evolve.  Originally, I gave it a thumbs down because despite fun gameplay, the community was completely dead.  Now that it's changed to a F2P model, it still has good gameplay (although they made some very questionable balance changes) and people actually playing it.  It is a very fun, competitive FPS with a living community and devs that I believe have re-taken the reigns of their product.  Hopefully they'll keep the good momentum moving forward."
,Recommended,273350,24328216,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Darks1d3rz,Loved it then and love it now
,Not Recommended,273350,16214605,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,JD_Rocket,NO Community.  This game could have been great.
76561197997233465,Not Recommended,273350,29494333,Posted: 25 January,all,Racknav,"Tried to play this game. I have to play the tutorial first, ok fine. I play the tutorial and it says there was a network issue and it couldn't send my info. I am forced to play it agan... Fine I do so, and failed again. Well I guess I am not playing a game that wont allow me to...Dont borher with it..."
76561198142963165,Recommended,273350,24570363,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,ThatTaryn~,"I like many of you was very excited when Evolve was first announced. The concept was unique and original. I was one of the first to have purchased the original game... which made it quite a dissapointment when it belly-flopped after only a few short months of  development.However, I can gladly say that Evolve Stage 2 quickly re-peaked my interest. I am by no means a veteran player, but the game has already become my favorite, out of the several games I have.Pros : Complete cosmetic overhaul, amazing music, simple controls, and a completely unmatched, never seen before multiplayer experience. Cons : Still a lot of balancing issues to work  out, no real economy or ""end"" to the game yet. Storyline might also need some expansion.That said, its definitely the best free game on the steam market. You WILL be glad you got this game, whether you have purchased it before, or if you're a new gamer looking for a good place to start off. Best multiplayer experience of 2016."
76561198118861767,Recommended,273350,27906505,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,basicspoons,"A $60 dollar game with expensive dlc becomes free and devs stop supporting the game completely........ a great game but come on devs ""not worth pursuing development""?????? Dang ;_;"
,Recommended,273350,27917298,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,whimsical_jokers,"If the decision to go free to play had come sooner, this game might still be supported. Unfortunately, 2k pulled the plug. Tons of potential in this game, and still fun to play. If the price tag and DLC setup hadn't scared away so many people, this could have even thrived as a paid game. A real shame that the publisher screwed so many things up."
76561198112125679,Recommended,273350,28014994,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,DavidMetal93,"Are we really never going to see more updates/changes/improvements on this game? I've been playing it for a little while now and it´s crazy fun, soo much potential in this game it´s unbelievable!!!"
76561198077225240,Not Recommended,273350,29505795,Posted: 26 January,all,sannie-chan,"Awesome idea, incredible graphics, but unplayable. K2 just left this game to die.Each restart, you have to bug yourself into the multiplayer queue because there are ""Evolve Profile Service"" errors. Restarting Steam and the game multiple times sometimes solves this problem for me.Then, you wait several minutes to find other players, everyone chooses their characters and perks. 8 out of 10 times you'll get kicked back into the lobby because of server problems and have to start all over again.The game itself is amazing and brings so much fun - I spent hours spectating friends - back then when they actually gave a damn about the game.Now that I can finally afford a pc capable of playing Evolve - and believe me, I've stayed hyped for this game ever since it came out, and that was a few years ago - I realize the publishers implemented a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of bugs with their latest patch, somewhat destroyed the servers and quit support.As much as it hurts: The 15 enjoyable minutes I get when I finally make it into one round don't make up for an estimated one-and-a-half hours of frustration I spent trying to get there."
,Not Recommended,273350,29487176,Posted: 25 January,all,Slumbering Sinh,"Evolve was the game that could have and should have gone so far. I admittedly got into them game when it went F2P like most people, but when I started playing I regretted not giving it a fair shot before. The game had so much bad publicity but when I look back on old gameplay, it seemed to still be a solid game. This is less of a review and more of a love letter to a long lost friend. A lot of bad reviews come from founders who had pre-ordered the game before it went F2P and I get that there is probably a bit of resentment, but in the end they also have fair points.The issue with going F2P is that you get a lot of attention but not all of it is a of a good variety. People came in and wanted the game to be easy, its not. They didn't understand how to play and they didn't want to learn. They wanted to be the solo carry badass of the game that went off as bucket and gunned down the monster 1v1. They wanted to be the Stage 1 Kraken that left limbs and blood in their wake. And thats not how it works.The game has a strong sense of Hunter vs. Hunted and changes throughout a match. At the start, the monster is at genuine risk of being put down before the fun starts, and if you don't know how to be mobile and make yourself scarce, then you will die. Mechanics like crouching to hide footprints was rarely seen in regular matches and there weren't any dark maps anymore, so you couldn't really hide in plain sight. People wanted to be able to run around and 1v5 immediately without eating for buffs or ever evolving. If you haven't played, this is the fastest way to lose, and I could understand how this would be frustrating, especially when a veteran tells you it was your fault.This left the devs in a tricky place. They needed players and so they tried to pander to the new ones who struggled to understand a game that needed practice and communication and they left dedicated fans feeling dejected, wondering what happened to the game they paid for. They also knew they couldn't change too much for the would really lose those fans, and it left new players with a confusing experience. The game floated around in this place where the devs listened and tried but the writing was on the wall for ages. The game was going to die whether the devs liked it or not.While people bash the developers I gained a bit of respect for them. They at least tried. They didn't want all that work to go to waste and they didn't want to give up on its, while small, dedicated player base. They tried Evolve Stage 2 in hopes that F2P could fix the issues but it wasn't going to happen. Turtlerock studios actually said they wanted to keep going, but as they don't own their own IP, 2K, the publisher, had all the power to pull the plug and claim the game was completed.Should you play Evolve : Stage 2?If the game seems likes something you would enjoy, I emplore you to at least give it a chance, but I hear that since the devs have fully abondened the game, it has some matchmaking issues I am yet to test for myself. I will edit this apon new experience with this game. Be warned that the player base may have waned and you may struggle from lack of experience against people who have been here from the start. I want to badlly say yes, but the game is certainly dead. It's still twiching, but make no mistake, its quite dead.For the people who are curious;Turtlerock's Response :https://talk.turtlerockstudios.com/t/our-final-message-to-our-evolve-community/1061172K's Response :https://blog.2k.com/news/evolve-stage-2-development-complete"
,Not Recommended,273350,24282409,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,okei,"I bought this game a while back, same with my friend Letsgowolfs, I played it a tiny bit, but had other games I wanted to play too, now i'm kind of mad since I bought the game full price and now its free, both me and my friend are asking for the game refunded. p.s. If you don't have a good computer to run this game on, don't buy it."
,Recommended,273350,24286621,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,¹Łoνє Kñives,The new system setup in the game is super fun. It makes fighting and action happen constantly. These other reviews about monsters dying to easy are incorrect. I play monster correctly (as you can see by my time played) and rarely feel cheated by dying and often just straight up incap a hunter or two. Overall I highly recommend retrying this game as it is leaps and bounds ahead of what it once was.
76561197995387271,Recommended,273350,24300519,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Misnomer,This game is truly amazing.It has a harsh learning curve so you need to watch some tutorials before diving in. The in-game tutorials are not sufficient. Similar to a MOBA you need to learn the abilities of every hunter and monster before you can really begin to play well.Communicate with your team through the built in voice chat and you will realize just how much depth and strategy there is to this game.
76561198006659716,Recommended,273350,24917501,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,The God Emperor,"I find Evolve Stage 2 to be highly entertaining. If you are in any way shape or form interested in asymmetrical multiplayer, I most certainly recommend it.The graphics are good, it runs well, has a decent net-code and in over 150 hours of playing I have encountered very few bugs."
,Recommended,273350,17923578,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,waiting for iphone y,"Some overpowered monsters, and a few bad design decisions make this game hard to sell. When this game all works it is glorious. Give it a try."
76561198031394662,Recommended,273350,17916201,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,JDK002,"A good game marred by terrible marketing.  Represents all that's good and bad about the video game industry.THE GOOD: It's clear Turtle Rock was trying to make something unique with Evolve.  The 4v1 design pits 4 hunter players (each with unique weapons and abilities) against 1 powerful monster player.  When everything in the game clicks, matches are an intense game of cat and mouse where the balance of power is repeatedly shifting from one side to the other.The game has several modes: Hunt is your basic ""find and kill the enemy"" with the hunters trying to locate and kill the monsters, while the monster is trying to feed on the local wildlife to level up and becomes strong enough to kill the hunters.Defense is a tower defense style mode where the hunters have to defend power generators while a max level monster and AI minions have to destroy the generators.Nest charges the hunters with destroying several monster eggs, while the monster must kill the hunters before all the eggs are destroyed.  The monster can use the eggs to their advantage by hatching them, gaining the assistance of an AI monster minion.Rescue has the hunters trying to find and escort a number of AI civilians to rescue points before the monster finds and kills them.Arena drops all pretense and places the hunters and a level 2 monster in a small area in a fight to the death.Evacuation is a series of the above game modes, where the winner of one game gains some sort of beneficial map effect in the next round, where the loser gains a more ambiguious handicapped bonus.  Both sides are scored for each round based on performance, which is then tallied up at the end of the 5th match to determine the winner.All non-character DLC is free, this includes game modes and maps.  Even if you don't own DLC characters, you can always play with players that do.THE BAD: The biggest offender has nothing to do with the actual game but impacts it the worst sadly.  Evolve was a victim of poor marketing and shameless DLC practices.  The base game has 12 hunters and 3 monsters.  While It's debatable weather or not if this is enough content to be worthy of a full priced game, It is telling that a month after release $45 (at the time) worth of characters were released as DLC all at once.  The DLC characters have since been reduced to somewhat more reasonable prices, but it's still disheatening that anyone at 2K games thought this was okay.  This isn't even getting into the fact that almost all of the cosmetic skins must be bought with real money.Due to the very nature of the game, it can be tiresom.  If you're matched against a particularly good team of hunters, it can feel all but impossible to win unless you are an equally expert monster player.  There can also be a lot of downtime in some game modes (Hunt in particular) where there's just not a lot happening.  If the hunters just can't seem to get a good lead on the monster you can have upwards of 5 minutes or more with nothing happening.VERDICT: Overall I do recommend this game, but with the caviat that you can grab it when it's on sale.  It's a unqiue gaming expereince that will likely appeal to people who are tired of the tried and true Call of Duty style deathmatch shooters.  Though with the amount of DLC available the base game can feel like you're swimming in the kiddy pool, so It's definitely suggested that if you have any interest in the game to get the bundle that will give you the most content."
,Recommended,273350,24517907,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,MephisToxic,"Nice game, good dynamics, now that you don't have to pay monthly really good, BUTWe need a leaving penalty, please!"
76561198011166586,Recommended,273350,24168663,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Bob Loblaw's Law Blog,While I miss the old hunting mechanics the game is still fun and now actually has players.
,Not Recommended,273350,25484732,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,GODSER1.COM,I payed for the game at launch and now it's replaced with this terrible free to play version.
76561198157683805,Recommended,273350,24179436,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,PrinceOfDarknes,Free 2 Play? and now we are Founders Edition guyz? for 32$ bucks? sure thing...if they keep things so they will get back their popularity :3  :evolve:
,Recommended,273350,16666885,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,T W I T C H ¥ ² 👌,"This game is now free and no longer has any form of paywall.For some reason in doing so, they removed many mechanics and interesting gamemodes and maps though, but oh well.No paywall, means no hassel.Its also pretty fun"
76561198021305887,Recommended,273350,17920945,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,I <3 Backup,"I always wished for a game where players cold play a boss against other players, and this game brings that dream to life amazingly!My only problem is that the tutorial tips don't show up fast enough and you can't learn what you need to play properly from that source only, but it's nothing that playing a couple rounds online and observing a skilled monster-player won't teach you, and then you really start ripping stuff apart with a vengance!Also, I love how enjoyable every role is, not just the monster. When a team of hunters is well-organized, the monster stands little to no chance."
,Recommended,273350,17970100,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Likuss,Really nice
76561198047426432,Recommended,273350,17923439,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,McDoof,"This game is freakin' dope.  After the Left 4 Dead series being one of my favorite games of all time, Evolve is a really bad♥♥♥♥♥game with a similar concept.  Only in Evolve, instead of running through a map one shotting a ton of zombies, both the hunters and the monster are setting up for one epic fight.  There is definantly a steep learning curve, for the most part I've just been in the solo game mode so I can learn all of the roles.  I think a lot of people give this game a negative review because they don't want to spend the time to learn all of the concepts of the game.  It's not CoD, you won't be the best as soon as you start playing.  If you hopped on a Left 4 Dead game for the first time and played an expert mode campaign you would get destroyed.  It's only after you've played it for how many odd hours that you really get the concepts and strategies required to really be good at the game.  Seeing that for the most part this is an exclusively online multiplayer game, it's like jumping into an expert Left 4 Dead game with no prior knowledge of the game or jumping into a ranked game as soon as you hit level 30 in League of Ledgends.  But this is what gives Evolve such dynamic game play.  The ability to increase your skill and learn about the game through experience will be somthing that I belive will really keep me hooked.If you loved the Left 4 Dead series like me, you will love this game."
76561198140565904,Recommended,273350,24203093,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,SpinoSkulls,what happend with the players has  purchased the game
,Recommended,273350,24238261,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,s3bby,Tremendous improvement to the old game. The introduction of a levelling system to each individual hunter and monster with distinct rewards at each level adds a crucial progression system that the game desperately needed. The introduction of daily and periodic rewards is a genius method to keep players interested in the game while at the same time offering players a substantial reward to further improve their favourite hunter or monster.
76561198166043180,Recommended,273350,24235309,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Mr Frodo,10/10
,Recommended,273350,24205681,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,TurtleArmy,"The game's fun now that it's been reworked and has a playerbase; get it, it's free, no reason not to.Edit: Game's had development stopped, thanks 2K."
76561198096077675,Not Recommended,273350,20329395,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,-=Houska=-,"Kdysi jsem tu napsala hodnocení o úžasné hře. Teď? Po updatu, při kterém se hra dala zadarmo (to je celkem v poho, nějak jsem přežila, že jsou prachy fuč) se úplně zrušil SMYSL téhle hry.Předtím jste byli za monstrum, které šlo stealth a každá chyba rozhodla o konci hry -  hraní bylo neuvěřitelně NAPÍNAVÉ a hunteři museli mít oči pořád otevřené, protože se monstrum dalo přehlédnout a mohlo to opět změnit celou hru.Teď je to jen utíkání montra, které se schová jednou za čas. Falešné stopy teď nemají smysl, protože vám to zabere více času, než zdrhání. Kvůli tomu, že trapper má BLBEJ SCAN se zrušila dříve úžasná hra.Souhrn mých neustálých negací - zrušena napínavost a záživnost hry, už se jen zdrhá a arénu může aktivovat každý -> takže teď už nerozhodují centimetry o tom, jestli se monstrum chytlo nebo ne.Až na odblokování postav, které byly jen z předraženého DLC a upravení postav v podobě lepší DMG nebo speed mě vše zklamalo"
76561198152616497,Recommended,273350,35076392,Posted: 19 September,all,Zero Guy,This game is really fun and addicting.
,Recommended,273350,24183143,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Kondrad,"The biggest flaw of Evolve which almost killed it was it's price. Having to pay the somewhat excessive price of 60 dollars for a multiplayer game and about 40 extra bucks in DLCs for the rest of the content of the game discouraged new players to purchase the game.The amount of players of Evolve started to fall since day 1, there were different reasons on why they left, most just got bored, but people leaving Evolve made the matchmaking slower and then people started leaving Evolve because of the shrinking player base, entering a vicious cycle which almost completely wiped out the player base within 4 months of the game release. If at that time the game would have had new players joining in, then the game at least wouldn't have died so quickly, but alas, the price prevented that.Evolve was never a bad game, it is a great, innovative concept of a game in my opinion, but the somewhat low amount content did not justify the huge price.The price is gone.Evolve deserves a second chance, and I recommend everyone to try it, it won't cost to try it out, not anymore."
76561198048752516,Recommended,273350,29770659,Posted: 7 February,all,CMDR Asriel,"So sad what happened to this game. I had mastered all the Monsters and they take it all away and put a new system in place for unlocks. Its really unfortunate that 2K turned it into a cash grab and forced Turtle Rock to stop supporting it.                                                                                                         Edit: In light of a discussion ive had i have changed my review to positive. I had a lot of good times with this game. And now its more friendly than ever to newer players. Its free, you dont have to pay for anything. If you like monsters and you like fps, give this game a shot."
76561197995042001,Not Recommended,273350,14507285,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Silencioux,Killed faster than the monsters in this game. 2/10
76561198106023650,Recommended,273350,24734972,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,ToraDora,i enjoy the game i main hunter and i feel if ur good at the game u can beat monsters so called o-p iv been playing for awhile now and have found 3 good teams for rank and each set is moving along nicely those of you who are just salty af cuzz u suck and are downvoteing this funass game shame on u.....{not saying that metor golioth isint ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t cuzz it is}
,Recommended,273350,27590001,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,8ushvvacker,"This game is great and FREE! That there is reason enough to get on and give it a try! Turtlerock Studios did an AMAZING job with Evolve and there was so much potential in their creation that, had they gone to a more...mature...publisher (Valve *cough cough*) their DLC would have been priced fairly and this game would be overflowing with content and a massive player base! Sadly though, this is not the future this game deserves and though there are a few loyal players out there that still get on and play a couple matches, I strongly ENCOURAGE you to install it, and go in with an open mind that this game truely deserves some attention and love."
76561198127841346,Recommended,273350,24357014,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Red Menace,This game honestly does not deserve anymore negativity. I definatly reccomend it to anyone who wants to give it a try since its f2p now. very fun game.
,Recommended,273350,24475564,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,donsonLegend,"This is my second review about evolve after it was re-launched as ""Evolve Stage 2"", my last one will be ""Not Recommended"", but now I'm changing it to ""recommended"".So, a lot of you said this game was bad, no, it's a fantastic game that really relies on team work and experience unless you're playing as the monster, one hunter that doesn't know what he's doing and the game's ♥♥♥♥ed up. The devs have already made this game 40 bucks-free, now you no longer need to pay anything to play this game, if you have time and you really want a game to play when you're bored, sure, evolve is what you need, but don't play it if you get toxic and salty every game when one of your team mates ♥♥♥♥ up (or when you meet a super experienced and co-ordinated team as a monster), you'll rage quit and give this game a thumbs down right away...I highly recommend this game, supreme graphics? Check. Awesome gameplay that actually relies on team work all the time? Check. Soundtracks wicked enough? Check that too. The only thing that's not welcoming is the characters, they don't have enough ""balancing"" and you either get an overpowered monster or overpowered hunter team... Once you get used to the game, it'll be easy and entertaining!"
,Not Recommended,273350,25101055,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Freddy Spaghetti,"""Played since launch? ♥♥♥♥ you start over"""
,Recommended,273350,19970933,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,DeanBot,"The game is polished both gameplay and graphically, it has a some minor issues with balancing but nothing gamebreaking. It is fun and dynamic. It's single biggest fault is the game is just a community short of being a success. It's currently in a coma and on life support, and the doctors aren't sure if it'll ever wake up but I sure hope it does. #PrayforEvolve"
,Recommended,273350,19935708,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Twin Blade,is fun if you like Left 4 dead you would love it.
76561198097860134,Not Recommended,273350,24162447,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,canadiox,wow after screwing them sleaves over and ♥♥♥♥ing evey one who bout the first season pass that they thought would cover everything what a joke money pit
76561198011305399,Not Recommended,273350,24199613,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,[WPC] Gan Chan,Free to play worst choice ever they killed Evolve completly 70% of old game is missing now.No elite skins anymore old abilitys nearly completly gone and have to be rebuyed for the old players which buyed the game.Big applause to the Developers RIP Evolve.I really want my money back now instead of that ♥♥♥♥ing cash♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,273350,24172715,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,JasoonX,I used to like this game quite abit. Yes it needed some work but it was a good game. I payed 80 USD for this game back when this game came out. Now it is free to play which I don't like but I can deal with that. But the game is trash now I hate almost everything about it. I can regen armor now I don't lose armor from evoleing. I lost all my levels and they took away alot of the game modes and maps. I can no longer deal hardly any damage to hunters anymore. I used to be able to play on medium settings and run just fine now I can't even play on low with out sometimes experiancing some fps drops. Just everything is horriable. WTF DID YOU DO TO THE GAME I LOVED!!!
,Not Recommended,273350,18048596,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Wombat Rebellion,"Evolve has the potential to be something great, but lacks content.No campaign or storyline, other than the hunters talking to each other for short periods of time before a match.Only one multiplayer mode ""Hunt"" is being played by the community, a community that dwindles to only 200-400 active players at times, leading to long matchmaking waits that can last longer than the match itself. For example, at one point, matchmaking took me 12 minutes to connect only to have the match last for 5 minutes.The other mode that my friends and I enjoy ""Defend"" has only 4 maps.  :(This game desperately needed a single player  / co op campaign to tell the story of these amazingly designed and voiced characters. Something similar to Borderlands 2 would have been great, with objectives and multiple smaller monsters to hunt and receive rewards for on the way to the larger ones.The maps are also beautiful in their design and stunning to observe in game.Certain developers / publishers seem to be steering towards a trend of giving less and asking for more, in response to higher production costs brought on by economic issues.What stops me from being sympathetic is that I, as well as most others,  am now paid much less in my own profession and am expected to work harder,  so I'm not sure why certain devs / publishers feel they should be exempt from floating on the same boat as the rest of us.TL;DRPros: Great voice acting, wonderfully designed characters & worlds, cool weapons & abilites, great conceptCons:  No single player story, match making sucks, balance issues, frequent crashes to desktop, feels emptyOverall  6/10PS: My downvote was not given because I think this game is terrible, but because I cannot in good conscience recommend it, as empty as it is, to others for $60 or even $40."
76561198045074248,Not Recommended,273350,18062256,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Archdemonmaster,"Terrible game, poorly optimized. Not much to do in it overall I hated it and wish I could get my money back. I will never buy a game from this company again."
,Not Recommended,273350,18036760,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,ιlιlιlStoneAngelιlιlιl,Worst buy ever. The game even with the MM ranking is really un-balance 5 times as monster i go vs Silver Elites/Gold when it say determin rank lol ...
,Recommended,273350,24208442,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Blobfish,Free to play brings the game back to life by bringing people back.
,Not Recommended,273350,29447257,Posted: 23 January,all,NightGuardian,"The game is basically unplayable because of server issues.But if that is fixed i think the game is awesome, has awesome grapichs for a free game, and if the developers fix this issue i would support the game"
76561197978500423,Not Recommended,273350,20216561,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Live To Tell,"I cannot find the proper words to adequately explain how disappointed I am in this game. I'm not sure I could present a unique enough opinion to paint you the proper picture. Plenty of other reviewers have talked about almost everything I've observed to be lackluster about Evolve. And I've only played for a grand total of EIGHT FREAKING HOURS, when I ordered the massive pre-order pack that claimed I would have immediate access to a whole bunch of extra DLC stuff.I can't even get a full 24 hours of enjoyable play time. Heck, it was a painful learning curve for the FIRST hour, after the tutorial, and I'm a veteran gamer. THIS has been one of the most painful things I've ever played. And I played Maple Story. In fact? I think I played Maple Story longer than I've played this. And I gave that up in a week. It's just been unpleasant to play. And I'm supposed to trudge my way up the rankings to earn the extra content that I was promised I'd have immediate access to at launch? #$%& that noise.Single-player makes the AI ruthless and OP even on it's supposedly 'dumbest' setting. The AI just plays too perfectly. Can't take them head-on. Can't actually ambush them. And forget 'stealth'. The AI seems to know what I'm doing and where I'm at way too precisely for it to be chance, and they're usually in my face inside of a minute even when I'm trying to 'sneak'. And when I'm playing the hunters? How exactly is an ordinary human being supposed to coordinate play between 4 different characters at the same time effectively? I try juggling between them, but as soon as I get one in position and start trying to actually play my role, the previously cycled characters AI wanders off to the other side of the map. It's like herding heavily armed cats. Not to mention the hunters weapons seem to get switched out for BB guns and slingshots when it's my turn with them, and appear to be completely ineffective even when the AI DOES decide it's going to coordinate our efforts. Whereas, when I'm the monster? It takes them roughly 2 minutes, give or take, to turn me into 5 tons of hideous swiss cheese.And forget online play. It generally took 20 minutes waiting in que to get a party. I thought maybe that would give me something resembling a modestly more even playing field, against my fellow imperfect human beings, so I could maybe start slowly showing improvement. NOPE!7 times I got matches where I started as the monster. And all 7 times my controls froze up after my first step forward. Just me. Leaving me completely helpless for the hunters to just come right up and take me out with literally no resistance at all. That's right. I would be mobile for one single step. Then nothing.SEVEN. TIMES. Seven out of seven times. The extent of my attempts at online monster play.The 7th time? The party must have been a bunch of other new players, because they found me and hesitated. They just stood there and watched me for a full minute before their medic ran up to me and jumped up and down in my face a couple times, then turned his back to me in what could only have been the person taking advantage of what they saw to be a screenshot opportunity, before they all came over and wiped me out once they realized I was completely unresponsive.And playing in a hunting party? Forget it. When I could actually get a party together, it wouldn't actually stay together. Most times? The party would just fall apart. One person would leave, then the other two would leave, and then the MONSTER player would leave, leaving me alone. Trying to actually communicate with my party didn't help.... WHEN people responded at all. I'm not an elite so, by default, I wasn't worth playing with. Poof. Empty party. This player community has been very VERY uninviting. Other times? The party would disperse and bail the first time someone got floored by the monster.As for skill balancing? I'm not sure it actually exists, and I'm not sure I'd recognize it in action if I saw it because I haven't had a decent enough play experience from which to judge my OWN abilities, let alone anyone elses. I just know that the AI kicks my butt way too fast and way too easily for it to say anything good about my skill in this game. It's just discouraging. I always felt very little incentive to try again, and less with each defeat. Even earning the incrimental pittance of XP or mastery at the bare minimum that would eventually guarantee me to SLOWLY rank up and unlock my supposedly immediately accessed extra contant wasn't encouraging enough to make me want to continue the uncomfortable slog through this deceptively disappointing game.I don't know what this game is anymore. I have a loose idea of what it was SUPPOSED to be when I started following it after the initial announcement of it's development. I know what i was HOPING it would be as we grew closer and closer to launch, and I grew more and more excited about it's release.And I knew I flat out blew a hundred bucks out of my ear on the big reserve edition, after discovering what a steaming pile of disappointment it turned out to be. Everything I've read about it from game journalists who weren't potentially paid off for good reviews, and from peers I've talked to about their own time in Evolve, has led me to one very intense and disheartening conclusion. A conclusion that I hope you, the reader, can take a lesson from. And that lesson is this:I made a VERY expensive mistake buying Evolve. I got excited, I got my hopes up, and I got hyped. And it cost me.It's a shame, though. Shear is fabulous and beautifully rendered. It's a delightfully alien world, with gorgeously foreboding environments and maps. It is a harsh, unforgiving, nightmarish world and it looks amazing. It's too bad that I've experienced enough reasons with the game to feel genuinely screwed over.Make your own decisions, based off of your own experience from your own research. These are just MY opinions. Read MORE of the reviews for this game, from OTHER folks who have their own opinions and objective views as well. Decide for yourself. But I'm going to warn you, one more time.Stay away from Evolve."
76561198043147858,Not Recommended,273350,19973353,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,durian,This game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks don't buy it unless its free to play. Not even worth a dollar. Wasted too much of my time on this game.
76561198040938573,Not Recommended,273350,19979578,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,WeekndAtBernie's,♥♥♥♥♥Poor Game.. Could have been so much more! Instead we got a game that is boring after about 20 rounds. Riddled with Micro-Transactions and meaningless DLC..
,Not Recommended,273350,25876327,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Michael the Drunk Cunt,"I pre ordered the game when it first came out, I enjoyed it even bought the season pass. Gave it as much time as I had free but eventually stopped playing. Bought the second season pass because I felt invested and played some more I enjoyed it. Saw it was free to play felt a little burned but gave it another chance in stage two, aside from getting rid of one of my favorite game modes I thought the revamp was okay and started playing again. Now the thing that killed it originally was the needless mircotransctions. I thought they learned their lesson but now they've made it a complicated mircotransction game. I've sunk a lot of money into the game and I believe I somewhat got my money's worth out of it, but honestly it has just become a money grab with all the mircotransctions. If they come out with another game I'll give it a try but I'm not spending any more time or money on Evolve the changes aren't enough the new content isn't anything more than slight re workings of old content and the devs are more interested in money then making a good game."
76561198021394521,Not Recommended,273350,24306618,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Insertclevername,"This was a good game. Emphasis on was. It's since been ruined by so, so many poor design choices and idiotic decisions. The planet scanner single-handedly ruins the game for the monster, and the monster is often extremely strong so even at stage 1 it can destroy poorly coordinated teams. I miss the days when the trapper was the only one with an arena, and it was actually a fun role to play because of that. Now, you just press a button and you win.♥♥♥♥ Turtlerock Studios. They made a good game and then ♥♥♥♥ed it up.On the bright side, the one thing they actually improved upon was the business model, allowing everything to be unlocked via ingame currency instead of having to buy monsters and hunters. But to be honest, I'd rather go back to the old game, because there's no point in having unlocks when nothing is fun to play because you get stomped no matter what.Edit: Tbh, this other review says it better than I can, go read his review.:http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198046343963/recommended/273350/"
76561198011397305,Not Recommended,273350,25630344,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,BismarckII,"I can not recommend this game until it is seriously patched. The mechanics are broken in comparison to its orginal version which I guess is called staged evolve stage or (EVOLVE). The monsters are way to overpowering with the right perks. It is very very easy for stage 1 monsters to kill the whole team of hunters without serious harm. A monster evolving into another stage can confidently be attacked while evolving and then destroy the hunters attacking them and all games with monster is just goliath or behemoth which with certain perks apparently can have super fast armour reg which makes it almost impossible to break their armour making it seem like the hunters cannot make any mistakes and must play perfectly to beat the monsters. I have 138 hours in the game (not stage 2 though only a couple hours) this compared to its previous version is garbage match making is complete garbage. Game on numerous occasions froze and lost connections to host in the middle of combat (and this happened to all parties in game).Overall:1: rebalancing badly, seems like hunters are okay but monster completly not especially if there are 3 monster not even played.2: match making is garbage where you spend minutes just gathering a match where the system restarts matchmaking if one person doesnt ready up like a ♥♥♥♥♥ (if you know it restarts matchmaking then you better ♥♥♥♥ing ready up even if you didnt get your choice of class)3: The core elements are okay as in (controls and handling) but stressed again NEEDS SERIOUS PATCHING!!!!"
,Not Recommended,273350,16159820,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,0x00,"It's more of a warning than an actual review;- Crashware. Especially on OCed GPUs (whether it's manufacturers or custom overclocking). Just google ""Evolve dxgi_error_device_hung"" for example and enjoy the bu||5h1talk about fixes and workarounds. The devs either don't know how to fix it or simply don't care. Not going to iterally _underclock_ my GPU because of their stupidity.- Also, obviously, their DLC policy is just a punch to the face. No need for more details here.- Closed Beta ""flickering bug"" still exists.... Srsly?Turtle Rock Studios / 2k; Graphics and Game Mechanics Department did a great job, really! Everybody else.... go fu[king home!Do.not.buy.Also, fu[k steams profanity filter."
,Not Recommended,273350,19250192,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,dj_bear,A lot of bugs. Not very good matchamaking scheme
76561198057403890,Recommended,273350,18767015,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Chaos Jew,CANT PLAY ♥♥♥♥ING GAME BECAUSE OF A GRAPHICS ERROR GOOD WORK TURTLE ROCK!
76561198072801044,Not Recommended,273350,19541482,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Dirty Meme S L U T,"I preorderd the game when I heard about it. A game where a player plays as a boss against other players? How could I turn that down? When the game initially came out, I was playing it a lot. I loved it and I enjoyed crushing overconfident jerkwads as the Goliath. I remember one time where I kept messing up and this guy started cussing me out for being a bad trapper. Then next game I get to be monster and well I killed everyone. Saved him for last of course. Let his fear soak in and his doucheyness be revealed. That aside, as the game progressed further and further, it became more and more unbalanced (in my opinion) especially for the monster. Monsters couldn't keep up with the hunters as much as they used to. And with everything else they've added, they've literally sorted out good and bad players, and it's near impossible to get better. And it's equally hard to like the game if you just lose everytime, or win with absolutely no challenge. I still play rarely if I have nothing better to do, but I also don't like having to assosiate this game I hyped a lot over back in the day with ""have nothing better to do."" As of where it stands now, this is a good $20 game. Heck maybe even $15. Otherwise, I just can't recommend it to you. It was really fun in the beginning but now it's just lost its touch. I give 4 glowing footprints out of 10."
76561197976718444,Not Recommended,273350,19465228,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Diablo Sucio,"Cool game. Had the potential to be something great but falls short. Feels very empty for a $60 title. I loved the overall idea behind this game. The character design and voice acting are awesome but the lack of a single player or coop story mode is a gigantic missed opportunity in an already shallow and repetitive game. Levels are amazing in design but too similar to each other. The dlc being offered for this game at extra cost would have been needed to be included in the base game to fill the void left by a lack of campaign missions. Oh, what could have been. Disappointing.  6/10"
76561198004089085,Not Recommended,273350,20055278,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Odek,"I've never played a game that the phrase ""Great premise, poor implementation"" fit so perfectly.All in all its an absolutely beautiful game. The combat is quick and intense just like it says. Unfortunately the entire game is hindered by little quirks that add up to ruin the overall game.Lets start with the elephant in the bag: Match Making.If you plan on buying this game so you can slaughter your friends as a monster in hunt mode, dont bother. You cant. The intentionally locked out the ability to play as a monster if you are teamed with friends in hunt mode. The most I can gather from the forums is that this was done to avoid cheaters, but as many have already pointed out, there are hundreds of better ways to do this, including the tried and tested report system. This, for me, is the biggest flaw in the game. For some it might not seem much, but for a game, tied so strongly into team play, it literally starts out the game by punishing you for playing with your friends.Another huge flaw is the priority system. The game asks you which role that you prefer and tries its best to fit you in that role or select teams that need that role filled. (Think of league of legends) but it seems to only be for show. Literally the very first 5 games that i played it gave my selected role (tracker) to bots and forced me to play my 2nd from last role as a medic. It would make since (or even hide it better) if it had given my role to another player, but it literally ""Prioritized"" the BOT over an actual player.Gameplay: The hunts are fun as either a monster or as the hunters. The only problem with this is that literally everything works against the hunters. The worlds in which you play are a dangerous place (as intended) but its often that you will be tracking a monster and immediately be eaten and killed by some random animal. I have yet to see a game won by the hunters in hunt mode."
76561198096927062,Not Recommended,273350,18771853,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Tor,"Developers try to act like they care about the community, but in reality all they care about is lining their pockets."
76561198029321399,Recommended,273350,24196865,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Mysticyde,Get It. they made some changes to the game That make it easier to play. They made Trappers a lot simpler to play (although I liked how they worked before) Everyone can throw down the arena now and trappers all just get a tracking ability instead. Monsters havent changed. Perk system has been overhauled for the better. A lot more diverse builds can be used now. you get 3 perk slots instead of 1 and the perks work differently. Games Still fun. And now its free.... Get IT
,Not Recommended,273350,15719735,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,NIGULET BROS,"I wish I could get my money back. This game is exactly like Titan Fall. So much hype for a couple months, then players realize it's not really that fun but just decieved by the hype.Much sad. Such $$."
,Recommended,273350,16301450,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,HMan,"Needs a bit of work and is overpriced but is still a hell of lot of fun, get it while its on sale and bring friends"
,Not Recommended,273350,22480515,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,amorj,- Hard to play as a the monster- On the long run boring and monoton- DLCs
76561198129903896,Recommended,273350,17932404,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,corporatezombie,"When it's good, it's very, very good.When you are part of a friendly team of hunters, the game can be really fun. Each player fully into their class, and supporting each other. It's really the players that make the game.Or when you are a monster, and provided you don't get caught near the edge of the map it can also be really tense and exciting. The same heart pumping thrill you get from playing Alien Isolation, when you are running to save your life.And the power, when you are fully evolved is great. Although you never really feel  empowered like you do in say the game ""prototype"". I guess it's a kind of lack of connection between the monster and the hunters during combat. You never really feel like you are throwing them around like toys. You just keep plugging away until their health bars reach zero.But when it's bad... it's horrid.Waiting,... waiting waiting for a game. Waiting for fellow players. Waiting for the three countdowns before you can play again. Seriously. Countdown at the end of the game. Wait for players to rejoin. Countdown to selection of classes. Countdown to selection of character in your class.... Then waiting for loading, then waiting for the terrible unnecessaryily sweary cutscene to finish. There are more countdowns than the tv show of the same name.Then, you start the game only for one of your team to quit, or the monster to quit, leaving you facing all those countdowns again.And if you get an incoherent team, that splits up, or doesn't communicate, you get torn to pieces, and it's back to that waiting again.And as the monster, it is a bit lonely to be honest.I think it's worth it. I enjoyed playing the free weekend. I didn't want to stop when I was in a good team, it was addictive.But I'm looking at it now, now that the free weekend is over, and Im wondering how empty the severs will be, and what the waiting time will be like. And I'm still wondering whether it is worth buying, even at 50% off. After all, I have seen everything within a few hours of play. Only the cameraderie of your team and the tactics of the human monster can save it in terms of re-play value.And then there is my pet hate, health bars. Grrr. I hate health bars. Seriously. Can't we have a damage model for the monster that is different from health bars. Like a limp? Like a severred arm? Damage to individual limbs. Maybe bleeding. I'd love to see it working like the Kaiju from the film pacific rim neon blood spirting everywhere, rather than damn health bars.And the same goes for the hunters. Shields and health bars. Grrr. I think we should move on from mechanics that are 20+ years old. We need them, because we can't visually tell what condition we are in. Despite the 46Gb of data that went into this game. Hey ho!"
76561198038727976,Recommended,273350,19398343,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Turtle-Sage,"Basically, this game's great and fun. It's incredibly hard to get bored of this game, but you need a fairly good gaming computer to run it smoothly and it's pretty expensive. Originally it wouldn't be worth the pay but if it's on sale, don't miss that opportunity."
76561197967663891,Not Recommended,273350,20058354,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Pisster the Pissed Wizard,"The current meta is for the monster to run at full speed all of the time, eat one thing, and continue running. The monster has no time limit and after 20 minutes of staying 200 meters ahead of you at all times he will be stage 3 and wreck your♥♥♥♥♥♥ All of that running around for 1 fight and its so lopsided there is zero chance of victory. Not only that but there is a stark lack of monsters so queue times are ridiculous. If you want to spend an hour waiting in queue and getting wrecked by a stage 3 monster after a long and boring chase then have at it, this is the game for you. The clear imbalance proves that the developers are more interested in chugging out DLC then fixing their game's many problems. I know it looked cool but I recommend passing this one up."
76561198025934832,Not Recommended,273350,16235210,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,iTao,Good core gameplay. But the role preference and the matchmaking is the ♥♥♥♥ing worst there is. It needs a whole revamp of the matchmaking system to get another chance at being a good game.
,Recommended,273350,17930783,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,JoLTie^,"This game has something that no other games has, the graphics are cool and it is full of adrenaline. The only problem with Evolve at the moment is matchmaking, the waiting times to find a match can be up too 7-8 minutes.Great game to play with friends on the same skill level, it supports coop and multiplayer."
76561198065702365,Recommended,273350,17931448,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,[BTM] Fragmentationed,"Fun game, just got it two days ago and really enjoy it. The graphics are awesome, the game play is really solid and the balancing seems alot better then what I have heard and expected. As long as neither team is made of compelete idiots, you can get some good matches. I dont know why this game has terrible reviews on steam. Given all the 1st person shooters out there right now, this is a fantastic get away from the norm. How long has it been since a good play as the monster game has been made? This game nails it.For all these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s writing bad reviews, look at their play time. I havnt even playd Civ5 as much as these guys have played Evolve, and they trashed talked it. Why did you play hundreds of hours of bad game? Because it's not. Buy evolve. It's not $60 worth of a game. but get it on sale, I payed 30 and am going to spend more on some of these skins because i enjoy this game."
76561197972057799,Not Recommended,273350,31210694,Posted: 17 April,all,One Mode Only,"This game had great potential. They only needed to iron out some minor issues to even out the playing field. However, they completely slaughtered the game and turned it to poop. Once they did, they realized how badly they had rammed it into this game, and in a desperate fool's attempt to keep it alive they made it free.That, for most people, was the final nail in the coffin. See, they♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on the people who originally supported the game in order to attract the audience who never cared about the game. In turn, they lost a lot of loyal players and gained a handful of players who wanted it but couldn't afford it.Don't waste your time. This game looks great, could've been amazing, but failed miserably. It's a shame."
,Recommended,273350,27835209,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,+Constantine+,Pity such a great game has come to an end
76561198025891029,Not Recommended,273350,24207371,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,The Killerkentsu,"I'm one of those so-called ""founders"" who originally bought the game for 79,99 € when it was released. Not to mention the money I spent on additional downloadable content.I'm not blaming the developers for making ""Evolve"" a F2P title as this was necessary without a doubt to bring the game back to life. It was literally dead before and hardly possible to find people to play with.But what I'm really offended by is the behavior of the developers towards their ""appreciated founders""."
76561198048674190,Not Recommended,273350,16651817,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,LordHatto,this is a good game if you play it for 1 or 2 hours......but after that? the content is not that fun anymore....too repetitive and boring......the developer has done a good job...but the price for the game and we must pay for the DLC its too much for me...considering the price tag is $50++....if you have friends that have this game...you can ask him/her to let you play for 2 or 3 games...and you will know :)and yes...for me...im not recommending this game but if you love co-op FPS against a super IMBA monster controlled by a brain of a human....you might love this one
76561198004541477,Not Recommended,273350,24169140,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/iTheli,"Seriously, your video tool tip still shows Wraith's clone ability giving him temporary invisibility and now, it doesn't? if thats a bug, fix it. cause lets be honest. without his invis Wraith is utterly useless. really really bad design flaw if youre using an old tool tip and that makes you believe invisibility is a possiblity, GG, no stealth capability character is utterly ruined."
76561198004409420,Not Recommended,273350,24263697,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,ErythorbicAcid,"I want my $60 back. This is the last game I ever preordered because it was such garbage when it came out. Yes, there are huge changes to the game and now it's FREE! Unfortunately I bought the game before you could refund on Steam. I got screwed, I want my $60 back."
,Not Recommended,273350,16657218,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,itchiebutt,"Been playing since Alpha but with this new ""Season pass 2"" crap which they thought it was a great idea to ♥♥♥♥ over the ones who paid for season pass just to change it up, made me no longer care to play this game, you pay $65 for lack of content which you get forced to pay for new characters if you wanna play them instead of unlocking them over time because you know paid for the ""Season Pass"" But they try and say but you can play with people on your team who have them as well as if someone leaves the match you can take them over which is beyond silly, why would I care about if my friends can play the people I cannot that is just a slap in the face and pretty Pay to win... That is like saying you can drive your friends Veyron but only if they'r not there and you have to pay extra to use the keys."
76561198052961418,Not Recommended,273350,24578701,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Sesshik_CZ,"Same♥♥♥♥♥♥as before FtP, this is far away from playable. Matchmaking is useless, it throws you against much better players... so its killing any fun."
76561198076703747,Recommended,273350,24268274,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,☩Meta Crusader☩,better deal than the pay for version and im loving
,Recommended,273350,17988975,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,MajesticPurpleSeaUnicorn,This game's monster division is absolutely TERRIFYING. GET THIS GAMW WHILE ITS CHEAP
,Not Recommended,273350,33569772,Posted: 15 July,all,Obscure,"The conversion to F2P has not done Evolve any favours, and the removal of the Evacuation mode is inexcusable."
,Recommended,273350,24350967,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Braquiador,I liked Evolve back when it was first release as a full price game. Now that is a f2p i like it even more. No reason why you shouldn't give it a try.
,Not Recommended,273350,26146233,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Wrath,"Now that its free to play there isnt much reason not to try it. However if you wish to play with people I recommend trying it sooner then later as the game is already in a decline in terms players.The following graph is to give you an idea of the active plasyerbase for the past couple of months for Evolve. Im also comparing it to the Developers other game on steam.http://steamcharts.com/cmp/273350,550#1m"
76561198102212355,Not Recommended,273350,19252248,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,StayCalmAndBeTheChosenOne,"Unable to connect to 2 k network? seriously?? Even When i connect successfully, it has no game. this game is die !!!!! totally disapointted. Money sucker."
,Recommended,273350,24430569,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Cr33pyy,"I bought this game and it was very boring, but since its f2p, everything is more balanced, but to win as a hunter you need a good team, also i got hell lot of coins, because ibought and could buy many things. Which is much appreciated :D"
76561198067285192,Not Recommended,273350,24216308,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Maelstörm,"Thank you turtle rock, thank you for your ""respect"" for the player who buyed your game, your dlc, those guy who help you going this far with evolve. You don't gave us anything to compensate this change you made, you said us ♥♥♥♥ you we got your money now we don't need you anymore. Well, indeed turtle rock, you can go ♥♥♥♥ yourself."
76561198066101361,Recommended,273350,24456732,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,UltraOlesia,"I know they made the game free-to-play to find more players, ALTHOUGH WHAT ABOUT THE MONEY WE ALL SPENT?!?!"
,Recommended,273350,24368511,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Lightbird,"so basically they made it Free 2 Play, which is a good thing compared to the old System which was Buy2Play and Pay2Win. Why it was pay to win? Because you couldnt unlock new and sometimes better Characters for free. It was like ""Oh you wanna have the new Monster? 16$! - New Hunter? 6$ - all new 4 as a pack? 21$! Oh, oh, we also have the new Season Pass 2 *FACEPALM. Man whoever thought this was a good idea to make such a robbery game killed it at release.It was pure pain!!!Pro of F2P:The Most important first (the reason why i give a ""recommended""): you can now unlock Characters for free like in League of Legends or Rainbow Six Siegebetter Performancelesser game SizeThey finally managed to light maps up so that they dont look like the sameCons of F2P:Graphical downgrade (every shiny spell which included sparks just turned into an ugly expending ball)Night Maps are GONE (at least they should add a random cycle)around 75% of all Maps have been deleated, sad...Many game modes are deleatedSome stuff is gone if you already had evolvewell if you got cheaters and ban them they come back again...more Rage and Flame especially in Ranked"
,Recommended,273350,24245493,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Sunnyboy,"With F2P, it no longer takes hours to find a match but rather a few minutes. You can finally pick this game up without hurting your wallet so give it is shot and realise the potential that this game always had."
76561198021135300,Not Recommended,273350,16148023,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Xanadoo,"Updated for new release, and the following issue hasn't changed, so neither has my review:  1-Star review until they remove forcing players to play as the monster that do not wish to.  In my last 2 sessions, 2 months apart, playing 5 games in each setting, I was forced to play as the monster 9 of the 10 times, with the monster as the least preference.  Apparently, there is a major shortage in monster players, and at the VERY LEAST, this should be changed to where Hunter-Preferred players are not forced to play as the Monster, and empty monster spots are filled with A.I.  All of my steam friends that bought Evolve have quit for this sole reason.  Secondly, after the massive failure to gain/retain players, your first major content update is arena mode.  Seriously?  You take the least popular element of the game and make it a ""feature"".  Hunter Class is now useless, and any potential excitement is squashed upon playing a few games, leaving many changing back to the standard hunt mode.  Add a NEW feature, not a re-hash of an existing one.  An 8 Hunter vs 2 Monster CTF would have been more fun than arena mode!  Give me a break."
76561198070383412,Not Recommended,273350,17527719,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Huntstrike89,"This was my favorite game, and then they decided to make everything cost money. It cost me $25 to get the season pass, and now they added in ANOTHER season pass for $25. keep in mind, id already paid almost $80 for the game before this second season pass. So I've decided that this game is not worth my time or any more of my money. Don't waste your money"
,Not Recommended,273350,16502603,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Harvey Dent,"Imagine L4D2 without mods, with very limited game modes, only a handfull of maps and game modes, and a $60 price tag. Your imagination probably created a better game than Evolve. It's exremly basic, with any addtional characters (which should not require extra money to play) costing an extra $5 at the lowest.  I would not recommend this game at anything above $10, because there is hardly $10 worth of stuff in the core game."
,Not Recommended,273350,17609806,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,ForgottenPrince,"Sorry for the punctuation and other grammar issues.This game has a really good idea, but the implementation... You're simply running around the map in circles, As a monster you're running away, as a hunter you're chasing. And that's all. Every match is the same: running in circles 10-15 minutes.Iteractive environment is just annoying for a hunter, is just a food for a monster. You can't do anything with it: as a hunter you just kill it without any difficulties, as a monster you either just kill it and eat it or run away if iyou aren't strong enough yet. Combat is the only thing alive here: it's tricky for both sides. Fighting as a hunter requires a great deal of teamwork, still there aren't much tactical possibilities.So, the thing is... this game consists of 2 modes: chasing/running away and fighting. And when fighting is kinda fun and looks great, running is really dull. And the most time in the game you spend on running... running in cirles on a great looking, but still tight maps, annoyed by the environment that just interfere and delay the moment when fighting starts. I can't recommend this game."
76561198021813875,Recommended,273350,17927725,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Asgardian Odin,"Evolve is a great game IF you have a team playing as a team. Unfortunatly so many people that play online games think of themselves as lone wolves, which leads to everyone's death (unless you are the monster) Evolve must be played as a pack. The balance of this game is great when everyone is playing hard and working together great things are done. The multiple game modes create diversity so the game isn't just a grudge match every time and create a much needed variety.I have significant problems with the way Evolve was released and the unfinished state it came forcing you to purchase DLC to round out the game. Buy on Sale and you won't regret."
76561198160058940,Recommended,273350,16512932,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Ultimate Ninja,"At first glance I was not interested in this game, but then came by some exxtra cash so I bought it, and when I started playing it the game quickly grew on me. then when they added the Behemoth monster, which from what I herd was a beta monster it earned my 5 stars. Good job and great game."
76561198008302886,Not Recommended,273350,17272585,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,FableSquad,"If you've played Destiny, you know how much content there is hereEkhm... LESS that Destiny"
,Not Recommended,273350,17963349,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Pug Wrangler,"Refreshing to buy a game I can actually play (I'm looking at you Ubisoft).  However, gameplay seems very repetitive and limited. Not a lot of variation here.. just smash the monster or smash with the monster.  Even with the variety of attacks and classes and map styles it is more than a little mind numbing.Bought the game based on the Turtle Rock name, but I am pretty disappointed."
,Not Recommended,273350,16508891,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Sycosis_ITB,"this game seems as though it would be an awesome, spectacular game! that is if you can get it to f***ing run. regardless of PC specs, some can play it, others can not. massive game issues are still previlant long after its release and have not been fixed and are claimed to have been fixed. DONT GET IT NOT WORTH MONEY!♥♥♥♥♥♥game,♥♥♥♥♥♥company, 10/10 IGN you suck turtle rock..."
,Recommended,273350,17909442,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,prawnhub,"Great game, my blood actually pumped. this game is non stop awesome, only slight problem is its hard to get a match sometimes. i really enjoy playing this though"
76561198024563065,Not Recommended,273350,17273158,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,PlowingYourMom,"Ok, so I have waited awhile to write this because of the very mixed reviews.  This is a good game, if they fixed a lot of stuff.  They are VERY slow to fix/update anything in this game unless they can get more money out of you. The extremely low population of this game will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off too.  When half the matches are overseas your ping will be 150-300.  Lag always favors the hunters, so if you’re the monster your dead.  Multiple massive hits, no damage.  It makes this game totally worthless.Just an FYI buying the most expensive one does not give you everything unlocked like it shows in steam.  EA will screw you and not unlock some stuff because their EA page has some fine print that IS NOT on steam.  So take your money and spend it on coke and hookers, it would be a much better option."
,Recommended,273350,24249840,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,wasptube1,"Although I Pre-ordered this game on its original release on February 2015 its ratings DROPPED heavily as a Paid2Play game, lets hope as a Free2Play game this game has better luck.."
,Recommended,273350,26235944,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Errorname,"It was nice while it lasted.If you are still interested in this game, I'd recommend at least trying it, but it's not a long term thing. Evolve doesn't hold your attention for long, but it's a damn good game while it does."
,Recommended,273350,29659532,Posted: 2 February,all,cringelord67,Looks like this game got...LEFT FOR DEAD
76561198050426601,Recommended,273350,18164058,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Girret,"Competitive, fun, innovative, beatiful, unique, underrated and great potential. There are many positive things to say about Evolve. I MEAN DID YOU EVER SEE A 4v1 GAME BEFORE??? :DThe game is probably as balanced as can be and I've only experienced a few (very small) bugs.As of 03/11-15 there is a lot of content in this game. There are currently 18 hunters, 5 different monsters and 18 different maps. Also there are many different game modes, where one is competitive with a ranking system. Another thing worth mentioning are the funny dialogues between the characters at the start of every match. :')We need a bigger player base so ♥♥♥♥ing buy Evolve and play already!"
,Not Recommended,273350,24181793,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Gunner3825,"Still wouldn't suggest for any prospective future players. It's still boring. Turtlerock are still greedy. Just wait until ""Gold"" key currency is implemented for maximum player milking potential. (at least its free to discover it's crap now.)Warframe would be a better f2p to choose. (it ain't perfect, but its still actively being developed, got oodles of content, and didnt attempt to engage itself improperly with my wallet from day 0.)Returning players, if you grinded before you have a rude awakening ahead of you. Many previously unlocked skins, weapon perks, and hunter/monster perks are no longer there. The monster/hunter perks are still available, but a new f2p system has been implemented.Trappers have been made a slightly more obsolete role, as a trapper is no longer necessary to ""trap"" the monster...**********Currently ive only seen 4 maps, I do not currently know if the old ones are gone, going to be repurposed, or in the future limited edition evolved map pack $29.99.3000k ""silver"" keys will cover about 2 ~ 3 perk upgrades or 2 ~ 3 skin packs for: weapon set skin, Hunter skin, or Monster skin.Traded DLC ****storm, for pay for arbitrary **** the developers consider content OR pay to win for direct player advantages in game.Courtesy of Nicholas Tan ofGAMEREVOLUTION.com:""The other core tenet for the reboot is listening to the community more aggressively, which is why the beta is specifically on PC and not the other platforms at the moment. Concentrating on the PC version will allow Turtle Rock Studios to update the game weekly on a consistent basis before pushing it to Xbox One and PlayStation 4 in the coming months when the game is good and ready.""really really really reeeaaaaaallly hope by ""aggressively listening to the community"" they mean actually listening, because i found Turtlerock's anti=player (anti-payer) attitude as plenty aggressive enough.Opinion waltzing in in an intoxicated state here, watch your great grandma's potato salad as its about to be backhanded into oblivion in a ballistic rampage that leaves the curtain drapes a stained mess that not even the most powerful cleansing products nor run-on sentences can save....The decision to switch to f2p model was not one for the betterment of itself or for the player's/consumer's advantage, its just an attempt to beat the dryed and picked bones of rather boring and underwhelming horse named Silver who that ******* McTurtlerock sold to you for way more than it was worth, that bleeding lying ****, for any form of still faithful marrow it can convince or coerce into opening its strange marrow equivalence of a wallet."
76561198059096077,Recommended,273350,24509230,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Megaaabeard,Evolve was my favourite game ever. It was so sad to see the players dwindle for such an epic concept and game. I'm so happy to see it has gone F2P. Can't wait to start hunting again!!!
,Recommended,273350,28368767,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Fiend,"What can I say about Evolve. I loved it. Many games have tried assymetrical multiplayer before but I feel like Evolve was the first to get it right. The hunter side bored me. Who cares if I can team up with three people and kill one player? But the monster, that was where it was at, where you could best four opponents at once.The feeling of pressure as they chase and track you across the map, near helplessness when they dome you at Stage 1, the narrow victories at Stage 3. Better yet were the Stage 2 wins, where balance was most even. Winning against a good hunter team at any stage provided me with some of the most exhilirating, heartpumping, adrenaline filled game moments I've ever experienced. In it's prime, when there were still a lot of players, there was nothing like it.This is a sad goobye. As queue times grew to surpass actual game time I found myself opening it less and less. It's a shame, but a select few of us shared this amazing competitive experience that has no equal on the market right now.Stage 2 opened the doors for new players, but also simplified the game and removed several of the pieces of magic that made the original so compelling. As long as they decide to keep it running, and you can find players, Stage 2 will give you a sense of possibility of what the game was and what it could be.Play it. Try to find others that own it and convince them to jump in for a few games. It's worth experiencing."
,Not Recommended,273350,26514225,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,xX420YoLoscopeXx,"a game about running, and not a very balanced one. no longer supported so none of its issues will ever be fixed either."
,Recommended,273350,18025862,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Winter Wolf,Either super hard or I am getting to old for online gaming. Fun though.
,Recommended,273350,24307892,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Rotiart,"As a Founder, when the game first when F2P, I was ticked off. I mean, I did spend $60, and got♥♥♥♥♥♥rewards for my purchase. Recently TRS Turned that around, and gave Founders a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of in-game currency. Easily enough to buy a character for each class. Game is fun, still. They did remove stealth, which is a bummer, and they also made it so Trapper takes almost no skill to use, which is another bummer. But yeah, game's pretty alright."
,Not Recommended,273350,29306787,Posted: 16 January,all,"Sion ""Raz"" Robert",Price.
,Recommended,273350,24346240,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,SoupOrJuice,"MUCH better, fixes many of the grievances players had with the balance and overall repetitive nature of the game modes, as well as making everything free-to-play, effectively eliminating any complaints about the old DLC system they had in place. Definitely worth trying again if you had before, and trying for the first time if those things were keeping you at bay."
,Recommended,273350,26459858,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Chipsfrisch Colonia,REALLY good game....but it's sad to hear that the developement has already stopped cause' there's a too small player base.
76561198177529342,Recommended,273350,24474203,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,aaawestby,THey actually listened to the community and now this game is awesome! I love i.
76561198010606611,Recommended,273350,14472944,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Mr. Poolcheck,A great game to play coop with your friends. Requires good communication and team work in order to win.
76561198085726593,Recommended,273350,24252464,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Mark Watney,Yes it is a great game. Loads of content and gameplay. All for free!
,Not Recommended,273350,23754512,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Redfluffpanda,"If I could go back in time, I definitely wouldn't have bought this game knowing how it would turn out. It definitely sucks more due to the fact you already spent 40/60 dollars on a game and they try to release DLC. I know they are trying to make money but it comes of really greedy and doesn't help the games playerbase in the slightest. along with the fact that alot, if not a few of the DLC characters are wayy better than the ones that come with the game, or atleast in my experience. (giant rolling rock monster, i mean you) but yeah.. I spent 40$ on this game not getting that back. Atleast now I know not to give in to hype and to be careful with how I spend my money because this was definitely a bad call."
,Not Recommended,273350,24213933,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Sparks,"Your Game hasn't changed, just a shiny new Perk system that's pretty bad and causes bad unbalance, made the dome very Trollable, and added a Trapper ability that makes maybe three trappers even close to worth taking.Only good thing is that you can buy all the new guys with in game moneyz that i already bought with real moneyz! Sarcasm, I want my money back..I had this game installed all through ""Stage 1"" I guess, played some of this Stage 2, Uninstalled it, i wont even play this crap with friends anymore, You shouldn't have taken your second chance and just let the game die.But i guess its free to play now, So.. cool.. (Someone already ranted about there ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Founder♥♥♥♥♥♥ so im not going to start with that.)"
,Not Recommended,273350,25302040,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,indifferencejim,"I... can't recommend this game any more, and it hurts me dearly to say this. Don't let my playtime fool you, I played for 60+ hours during the original Evolve beta way back when. So what happened?First off, I think going F2P was the right move; the game was pretty much dead in the water anyway. The problem, then, is that the devs made a lot of changes to go with F2P that dynamically changed the game at its core - a lot of which I think were mistakes from a design perspective.Take the planet scanner, for instance. The planet scanner is like a compass that the trapper can use to point you towards the monster instantly, and replaced the dome as their class ability. This completely removed a huge amount of gameplay depth on two fronts: trapping as Abe or Griffin takes absolutely no finesse any more, and you no longer have to care about being stealthy as the monster, because they're going to find you, anyway. The game has become an arcade shooter in terms of depth; this isn't necessarily a bad thing, by itself, but you have to remember that a lot of the original gameplay was designed around the slow-paced and methodical nature of vanilla Evolve. The entire game just feels kind of... off, now, compared to what it used to be.So where did the thunderdome go, if it's no longer a trapper class ability? Now everyone gets to dome the monster! Not only that, the dome always auto-centres on where the monster is when you press it, so no more clutch monster escapes. In vanilla Evolve, incapacitating the trapper brought down the dome, now, not so much; when domed, your poor monster player has absolutely no choice but to take the fight, and now there really isn't much to target selection because of that. Now, they did compensate by reducing the time that the dome stays up as everybody takes damage, but I don't feel like that makes a lot of sense. Why are the hunters being punished for doing their job well? It doesn't feel good. This game doesn't feel good any more.Vanilla Evolve wasn't perfect, not by a long shot. The character progression system never made much sense to me and I'm glad they got rid of it, and being unable to pick hunters after seeing what monster we were up against got frustrating after the eighth time I got stuck playing Daisy against a Kraken. On top of that, its business model was a hot, bleeding nightmare - but its problems were usually limited to outside the main gameplay. When you were in a match, all the mechanics made sense together and felt cohesive; finding the monster was an ordeal, not just another Tuesday; cleverly evading the hunters was rewarded with three minutes of uninterrupted feeding; playing anyone other than Assault was nuanced and suboptimal play was heavily punished. Stage 2 changed all that, and while change isn't always bad, the changes they made here just don't work as well as in the past. I'm very sad. :("
76561198065632284,Not Recommended,273350,17990802,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Nipples The Enchilada,"I regret buying this game. As people say it's stupidly over priced for it's content and then they go and make a thousand overpriced DLC's like that's going to change anyone's mind. The balancing with the game is poor, everyone does the same strat as the monster by♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off until they are level 3 and coming back to destroy the hunters, there is no chance for the hunters when any monster is level 3. Lack of content anywhere, no one plays the game ever and the monster always wins because it's OP as all hell.another thing in particular is when i was playing a character named jack, supposedly he has a item that supresses the monster for a very short amount of time. not only does it not work, everytime i have used it the monster just jumps through it like it wasnt even there, it lasts for a good 3 seconds. 3 seconds of unhelpful nothing.I'm sorry, the concept was good. everything else was awful."
,Not Recommended,273350,20239011,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Funky Darion,"Game hardly has a community anymore. Sad that I purchased this around Christmas and can't get a refund because I tried for 3 hours and possibly played two or three matches.Game was good in Beta because plenty of people were playing. Now to go along with their terrible DLC model, you usually have to wait more than 20 minutes to find an evacuation game.Community was driven off even though it had a lot of potential. 3/10"
,Recommended,273350,30118026,Posted: 23 February,all,smartperson.exe,Evolve Stage 2 is a good game but it needs a good pc to run it
,Not Recommended,273350,15141157,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Nuke,"the game itself is fine, but gets old fairly quickly in my opinon. The biggest issue is that the DLC is a steaming load of goliath crap. $15 for the new monster and another $30 for the hunters? and the season pass doesnt include the monster so you still end up paying $40 unless you re-ordered it. DLC normally isnt a big issue for me, yeah if they want to make more content that i'm willing to pay for i dont see the issue. but $45 in dlc for charactera alone? a dlc pack that was the new characters some new maps and gamemodes for MAYBE $25-30 would have been tollarable at best but this is getting out of hand.show what gamers think of this crap buisnes model, do NOT buy this game even on sale. I dont care if you can get everything for $10 on sale DO NOT GET IT."
76561198073895505,Not Recommended,273350,18212488,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,XynyX,"At this point, no one is playing and the devs are no longer bothering to support the game. Don't pick this up no matter how low the price. Average wait time to get a group together is 10 min. Cool concept,♥♥♥♥♥♥poor execution."
76561198022507571,Not Recommended,273350,15145473,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Hublablubler,"I loved this game when it first came out, but they just released four new hunters who cost $7.50 to buy.  They are also the best ones in their class, so with this most recent patch they essentially made this game pay-to-win.  Please don't encourage more companies to try to do this by buying the game, i wish i hadn't."
,Not Recommended,273350,19152171,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,[LCpl] Azure Blaze,"Multiplayer is pretty much dead during week days or when the children are in school. Season passes aren't ""season"" passes. Wait til it costs less."
,Not Recommended,273350,15127448,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Abradolf Lincler,"played the alpha and beta. i was confident in this game, but as it is right now. dont buy it. not worth the $100"
,Not Recommended,273350,15135551,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Croaked,"What a f*cking let down. I was excited for this game and tried so hard to defend it for not being a cash grab, but its the sad truth. They are trying to nickle and dime everyone for these first hunters simply because everyone enjoys playing hunters more while the monster if free."
76561198107564859,Not Recommended,273350,15390930,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Adonan,"I downloaded the game and was really excited to play at first. I start the game, everything is running smoothly, then I hit a loading screen that lasts for about ten minutes or more (a lot of people are having the ""loading stuck at 90% issue from what I read). The tutorial finally starts, and the frame rate is terrible. My computer didn't cost $2000, but it's a great gaming computer that I've been able to use without a problem until now. Ever since I bought the thing I've been able to play every game I've ever wanted at at least 50 fps (I usually keep a cap of 60). I was even able to run The Secret World pretty easily, and I heard that game is heavy on the specs. This is the first game out of at least twenty that I've had an atrocious  5-15 fps on, and yes I meet the recommened system specs.Before anyone asks, yes I've tried every possible fix I can find. Updating my drivers, defragmenting my hard drive, verifying the cache, changing the system.cfg file and nothing works. I spent sixty ♥♥♥♥ing dollars on this game and I uninstalled on the first day without even playing a single match. I couldn't even make it past the tutorial, though to be fair I never attempted the tutorial because I knew such a fast paced game would be terrible on such a low fps, so I saw no point unless I could find a fix. I can't even get my damn money back. As the game is now, I can't recommend it to anyone. From what I heard it's dying anyways. Before installation I read a review stating the player base dropped from twenty seven thousand players to three thousand in two months."
76561198148567985,Not Recommended,273350,16423039,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,A Boat,The game just is really coool in all but its just not my thing and the price is WAY TOO HIGH really 59.99$ ive seen so many glitches too i went through a building and got stuck
76561198136712465,Recommended,273350,15750473,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Ebino,"Evolve brings the team player versus player to a new level. Although the genre, where 4 players take each one a role and coordinate their actions to hunt down a fifth, has seen big successes (think for example of the Left 4 Dead series), it is the first time the concept has been taken so far.This game is about a hunt: humanity set out to conquer a new and savage world on a distant planet. The lore suggests economical and scientific motives for the humans, supported by some military force; the usual business of claiming the resources of the world, killing anything that might feel like interfering, and lather, rinse, repeat. And indeed, there is some resistance, as an apex predator, dubbed Monster by humans, sets out on a rampage to destroy any and all humans, their installations, and reclaim the planet. To save the desperate situation, a para-military group of heroic hunters (or mercenaries?) is hired to accomplish a series of feats and get everything back under control: hunting down monsters, destroying their nests, rescuing wounded colonists, and protecting existing installations.Hunters come in 4 different classes: assaults deal damage, medics heal damage. trappers trap the monster, and supports buff the hunters. Each class includes a choice of (currently 4) possible characters, each with a twist; different weapons or specific abilities, so that mixing and matching a winning team requires some thought. There is no ""win them all"" combination, as the player taking on the role of the monster can choose between 4 different beasts, each with specific strengths and weaknesses. On top of this, each player can choose a perk in order to provide some advantage during the hunt. The monster can choose its abilities, and grow in strength by feeding on the wild life... all the while keeping an eye on the whereabouts of the hunters with its powerful ears and nose. Will it flee and try to get more powerful? Will it make a stand and try to knock down some hunters?The maps are varied and beautiful. They include vegetation (which can be destroyed, by a hasty monster for example), water streams, wildlife, cliffs and ravines. Hunters and monsters leave footprints, or can use the terrain to force a fight at a certain spot. Tactics and a cool head to weigh in any situation that can arise, and take the right decision, often decide the outcome of a fight.Each game can be played online or offline, at random, or in a campaign where each game counts as an objective, and the outcome influences the next game. This gives a huge number of possible tactical combinations; this is one of the reasons I cannot stay long away from Evolve. ""What would I do if such combination happened?"" is something I keep asking me.The game has astonishingly beautiful graphics and animations, with a great attention to detail; the environment lives and breathes. The soundtrack is of movie quality; it includes moments of suspense, tension, or heavy action, and gives the beat to the game. The keys and mouse can be freely configured to one's gaming style. Despite its ambitious animations, the game runs smoothly, even in online mode within a team. Bugs are few; for a game that is this young, this is a feat.The DLC aren't coercive: there isn't any master weapon, or must-have ability, and the like. There is good material, like new hunters or monsters, skins, and the like. So you remain free to decide whether you'd like to give Turtle Rock Studios a tip of the hat and some money as a token of appreciation and encouragement.I have heard some people complaining about the replayability, arguing that the many combinations of play wouldn't provide enough incentive to continue playing. I guess this all boils down to what you, as a player, are really looking for in a game. This game isn't a remake, isn't the next installment of a franchise; it is something new and deep.Evolve is certainly one of my favorite games at the moment. I've been hooked since I bought it. I have a preference for the Monsters and their ecological ideal (*cough* *cough*) of ousting all the polluters who break the natural balance of the world. Go on, puppies! Get them off your planet!"
,Not Recommended,273350,18124304,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Soul,"Many flaws.... 2 manyI would love to recommend because the game has big promises but it just fails in everything it could have become.#1:Can not reconnect issue.This means, that if you loose connectivity in a ranked...you loose points due to ""leaving the battlefield""But I have heard they gonna fix this, so let´s keep our fingers crossed.#2:You have to pay for upcoming characters and a monster a.k.a. ""Behemoth""Wasn´t 50 Euros enough to get all the new stuff or do we have to pay for upcoming patches next?#3:Ranking system is a pure failIt was one of the most demotivating reasons to why I do not like this game overall. Here are the details:In order to find out what your rank is in the system you need to play determening 10 matches. OK...sounds good to me.got a 6 wins and 4 losses as a hunter, one loss due to a hunter disconnecting from the game. OK...I guess Bronze 5 is my place here to start from.Played one game and won...got 5 points and I need 180. OK...It´s gonna be a long jurney but we can make it.One 5 matches got around 30 over all and then lost one and 24 points are ut of my pocket. Why?¿This is so demotivating that makes this ranking system almost impossible to get out of.AND here comes the Funny part.I decided to find out how many games golden player have played in order to get to that tier. And guess what. Some of them are in gold 5 league (The best Tier) just by playing less than 30 games. Now this one just made a final blow right up to my jaw, that left me with my mouth open for the next 15 minutes.What in the actual F*** is this?¿#4:Low amount of players in-game (What a surprise Turtle Rock Studios... I bet you didn´t see this one coming)Low number of active community members makes waiting for a match way too long. And just to let you know there are many modes in this game and I was able to find a match in a simple Hunt mode (Search & Destroy more or less) while other modes were completely empty for me. Haven´t found not a single match for other modes.--------------------------------------What to do Turtle ROck Studio?¿?¿?So how can ""Evolve"" evolve to the next stage, without killing off the small community it got left and maybe get more players into it?#1:First of all... Make it F2PYou have nagged enough cash from our pockets, now it´s time you either quit this game and let a good game die or make it more community friendly, by making the game, all characters and monster available to all for free.#2:Fix the Reconnect function...obviously#3:Make the ranking system better...again...obviouslyI would even suggest to whipe the entire list and start it all over, cause it´s a disgrace to watch how a couple of people got to gold just by playing 10 games. This prooves the system is broken and needs fixing.And instead make a more fixed ranking system. For example: you win a match 20 points; you loose a match -20 points. If you played with a higher lvl enemy and lost that would be -15. You won against a higher lvl enemy? 25 points.And so on and so forth....--------------------------Me & Turtle Rock StudioTurtle Rock Studio: If we did that then how are we suppous to make a living?Me: Microtransactions/ In game transactionsTRS: But that would make the game P2W FPS(Pay2Win)Me: Not if you have only skins and mb new weapons only on sale.TRS: What do you mean?Me: Make the game free, and just like other succefull game title such as Dota 2 or TF2 where you can make of money by making events and allowing community to help you. Bring to the store customizations for monsters and hunters. Make skins for hunters  as well, not just their weps. Legs, Arms, Body, Head skins that come in set or can be bought individually. Make more maps, more monster and more characters. Let there be community Workshop, I am sure loads of people want to add a little bit of their own ideas to the world of evolve, BECAUSE THE GAME ISN¨T BAD....... IT IS YOU TRS who is BAD & GREEDY.TRS: ""Text Sample""---------------CONCLUSION:So in the end I do not recommend it simply because it´s not worth it. What you pay and what you get is what you can call a Legal RIP OFF. Untill they come out of their Turtle Rock Cave and make a better impact on the community and the game, I would avoid this game.Thanks for reading."
76561197967591029,Not Recommended,273350,23545304,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,EverBorN,I can't say I hate this game because it was fun. Unfortunately it was only fun for about 20-25hrs then I just had no desire to play anymore.
,Not Recommended,273350,23624782,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,stealthwooki,fps on pc that is made to use an xbox controller? give me a break.Wasted entirely too much money on the preorder when it came out. Game is basically unplayable.
,Recommended,273350,24167817,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Vale294,"Paid 80€ at release, now its F2P.10/10 would pay 80€ again."
,Recommended,273350,19953016,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Elcan,"Most people say this is a bad game. This is false.People will tell you it's dead, but this is also false.You can definitely find a match IF you're willing to wait 5-20 minutes as Hunter and 5-30 minutes as Monster.The DLC is way too expensive, so don't bother unless you really want Behemoth or Emet.Don't buy this game at full price. It's not worth that much, but it has some really solid game mechanics despite some obvious balance issues."
,Not Recommended,273350,15180548,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Bull,"""Don't need the DLCs"" Except the DLC hunters are OP and You need an OP hunter to take the OP Behemoth.1. THIS GAME IS TOO EXPENCIVE!2. If it is not lagged out it is..3. Crashed on launch4. Not updating with the App5. NEVER EVER EVER pay on anything on the App it is NOT working1st game as hunter. Our monster was good and had the overhand all through the game. Ends up getting stuck in animation midfight and gets downed.1st game playing monster today, stuck behind invisible wall while running away. NOT the arena!Same game as behemoth stuck behind a tiny beetle that took 3!!!!!!! hits from a stage 2 behemoth WTF!3nd game played monster and ""i"" was running behind the monster using skills but didn't control the monster?!?Following game playing monster, I just stood there and couldn't move, mid animation.This game is WAY too expencive for a BETA game.""Do you recommend this game?""Idea is AWESOME to let a player be the bad guy with different skills and a whole different species. Havn't seen that since Natural Selection. (Still underrated game but killed by bots!)But honestly to recommend Evolve and now to recommend buying ANYTHING from same developer is a HUGE NOPE!WARNING! ---------> Do NOT buy this game <----------- WARNING!It is WAY WAY WAY too expencive!Some might have read a review in a magazine saying ""more players than CoD"" that's a HUGE NOPE aswell.Also they released an App Evolve: Hunters Quest. Standalone it is allright as an app but DO NOT SPEND ANY MONEY ON IT! The mastery points they tell You can help Your main game progress does NOT work!In short do not spend any money on this developer."
76561198008717444,Not Recommended,273350,19172502,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Young Metro (DJ),"i had hope for this game i really did i have quite a bit of playtime too but with this recent slap in the face to improve the longevity of their game ive had enough(pushing the hunters and monsters out separate instead of together over the course of a YEAR) this is just sad and it shows how much they really care about their fanbase which is not much, not to mention the extremely small amount of content we got for ""free"" this game has really let me down over time... i thought they could bring the game back an dbalance it out but i dont see much of any. honestly dont know how this game got more positive reviews than negative because not many people play vs how many bought it"
,Not Recommended,273350,26587799,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,『 Ash-Crow Kai 』,"Originally I bought this game for $100, which would include the game $60, and any dlc or new monsters that were to be released. I found it a good deal too. I stopped playing a while ago, started playing a few times later and then completely stopped.However, this game becoming free not only made my $100 worthless; but the fact that I can't refund this and just play the game without dlc for new monsters is also bothering. This game was good, emphasis on the word WAS."
,Not Recommended,273350,24199485,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,[NyX] Avisha,"What a load of bull, bought this ♥♥♥♥ing game now i have to start over from scratch? wtf man? i didnt paid for this♥♥♥♥♥♥to happen."
,Not Recommended,273350,29752855,Posted: 6 February,all,xenxaki,"It used to be a great game with a lot of potentials too bad they got issues with 2K, their publisher. Although it has good content and a solid gameplay, once you discover and try everything expecting to want more. Then thats where you'll dishearten yourself."
,Recommended,273350,16541013,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,TFA.Thanatos,"Is it 60 dollars fun?....  hell no but if it appeals to you then it is worth buying when it is on sale. There is alot of grinding to unlock all the characters which is fine but the dlc is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I really dont know why I expected 2K to not be greedy. Dont get me wrong I am all for dlc but paying 15 dollars for just a monster is outragous. If it was 15 for a couple new maps some hunters and a monster maybe and that is a pretty iffy maybe.btw you have to have internet to enjoy it in my opnionOverall its a cool game that provides a unique expierence that is slightly ruined by 2K and their outragous dlc money making scheme, those greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
,Not Recommended,273350,17876654,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Bonehead,"Played it during Beta, enjoyed it. > PreorderedSaw that they were going to take Monsters and Characters that were obviously completed before launch, and make them completely separate and cost more money. > Refused to buy ANY DLC for this game.Stopped playing the game shortly after launch as it got boring very quick.Tried again several months later, the community is dead, the DLCs are ridiculously high-priced, and there is no balance. I've never had a chance to play the DLC monsters, due to the fact that charging for parts of this dead♥♥♥♥♥game is just not smart, but I have played against a wraith. The difficulty level in taking down a smart Wraith vs. a smart Behemoth is just.... wow.... A decent team can kill a Behemoth, and if skill levels are matched it could be anyone's game (first one to do something stupid loses).... Against a Wraith? If he's any good, he'll wreck you all day long..."
,Not Recommended,273350,16506267,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,GreenJelly MIC,"The game tries to be complex with its system of roles, but it feels basic and simple.... More DLC is on the way!  These developers can go...I bought it on sale, and I still found it to be a HUGE rip-off.  Don't be like me and save your pennys.  I will never buy another 2K game again.  Real smart to♥♥♥♥♥♥off your customers."
,Recommended,273350,17183617,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Black.Tea,"Fun game, but it would be better if it switches to F2P.Don't buy until they do, why? Because it'll bring in more players.Other than that, good luck finding a match, LOL"
,Recommended,273350,17132392,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,crazyguy15052,"Great Gameplay and core values. although not a very creative game model (team of people hunting down one big threat), it still has some quite fun moments. Keep in mind that i have NOT played online. i know this is a huge part of the game. because of my lack of online play, I cant say anything about the matchmaking and over feel of playing a full mach, nor can i  know the pain of not getting your main class. However, i do play with a few people i know and we have had fun as hunters and as monsters. i personaly would not pay full price for this game.TL:DRI can't speak about Online, but singleplayer is fun and worth about $20 - $30 if you have a few friends to play with."
76561198042636993,Not Recommended,273350,17129230,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,TheGreatNoodler,This game used to be my favorite. Initially i complained about their pricing system and the clear insult to gamers when they came out with DLC DURING THE FIRST MONTH OF RELEASE AND PUT A PRICE TAG ON IT! But i got past that and the game was very very fun for a while. However it became clear that they didnt put a whole lot of effort in balancing the game... the inital release was fairly well balanced but once they introduced new hunters things went downhill fast since they did not adjust the already released monsters accordingly... The most recent complaint i have is that they have released a game mode that favors humans over the monster so much that it is rare to ever win as monster. if you start to win it goes into sudden death where humans get a buff and the monster does not..... not fully understanding why its called sudden death when it really should be called slaughter the monster time since it only takes 1 hunter to take half of the BOHEMOTHS health in 15 seconds flat..... so i say again this game used to be my favorite but now it seems to just be a money pit for the game devolopers to suck through a straw all day while they work on their next DLC to sucker people into without even enhancing/balancing the content thats already in the game..... It looks like im going to have to go back to their jewel left 4 dead.....
,Not Recommended,273350,16931834,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,smoke,Can't recommend unless it's on sale for dirt cheap.
,Not Recommended,273350,16505342,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,KAHUNA,"I had really high hopes for this game. In the end I feel it needs a lot of rebalancing, perhaps even changes to the core mechanics in order to reach its potential. This is essentially a FPS-MOBA in disguise, with each of the hunters having 4 abilities like a typical moba, but there is close to zero customization, limited only to picking different characters and there are not many to choose from in any given class. Add this to the fact that class composition for the hunter team is locked to one of each of the four classes and the relatively inefectual abilities on several characters and often the game feels very uninteresting or repetitive despite many efforts on the part of the developers to avoid this.DLC is enormously overpriced for content granted unless you buy the whole pack in one shot; up to you if you want to take the risk of not liking it. Even then, some content remains locked which feels very stingy given the price.Note: the HUNTING season pass is strictly the season pass for HUNTERS ONLY. The remaining monster of the 4 available will require almost as much money to unlock on its own.Congratulations to 2K for crapping on this game from an exceedingly great hight: rushing things out the door before proper balancing is completed and bleeding the player for every possible penny to get content that should be included in the already significant pricetag. Please stop milking the industry and allow devs to do the quality work they are renowned for.Hate to say it but:TLDR:the balance doens't keep me coming back, frankly it's repetitive and boringoverpricedmore overpriced because half the game is locked away in pay-to-play DLCsI do not recommend, very, very sadly."
76561198021304152,Recommended,273350,15369704,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,flameskitten,"Evolve is a fantastic idea, and for the most part is extremely well executed.For the most part.The graphics are great, the sound is well done, the gameplay is fun. My complaints are limited, and the largest one has nothing to do with the game itself.* Goliath is fun. Wraith is great (or WAS before they ""balanced"" her). but kraken? Gah. Low health, low armor, low damage, and low speed. Kraken is agonizingly underEVERYTHINGED, but what do they do? they gimped wraith. the thing with wraith is that it was always going to be a powerful monster IF the monster player played smart. now she's going to be a lot harder to use because people didnt like facing good wraith players.* Not enough maps, and a few maps are a tad too small. Some maps are great, and two more maps have recently been added.* biggest issue? Price. The game is fantastic, but the pricing is insane. It's worth more - in my opinion - than a lot of games, but not THIS MUCH more, and the DLC is agonizingly overpriced, especially for what amounts to a lone texture."
76561198170103605,Recommended,273350,24198701,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,The Elusive Skank Foot,"It's fummy to me how people are complaining that it went F2P when they already paid for it XD You get plenty of in game stuff in Evolve Stage 2 right now for being a Founder, and you will get more as the game updates. Also, people have to realize that those who paid for it have two games now, because we're the only ones that can play the OG Evolve, and now we already have every monster and Hunter unlocked (besides the behemoth, but they said that they would work on that). I can't see how you could be upset, since you DEFINATELY have more than $6o worth of game on your account now."
,Recommended,273350,19060338,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,PYROMANIAC,Its a good game but please make it on mac your leting your fans down
,Recommended,273350,19393813,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,ErrorCode864,hell of a good time
,Recommended,273350,24161540,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Wurielle,"I'm so happy the game is going free to play even if I had to pay for it.It's a great coop game and I was actually sad about the lack of popularity this game had despite the effort developers and artists have put into it.I'm still a bit afraid of the redesign for some characters as I enjoyed the play style of every single one of them but still,that's a great move."
76561197979827543,Recommended,273350,19072780,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,76561197979827543,"I am not to sure why lots of people on steam is saying bad things about evolve. It is by far the best game that I have played in years. All of the dlc is worth the price, and the game has hours of fun. I for one hopes that they keep on making new monsters, hunters, and keep coming out with new maps for us to enjoy."
76561198043792106,Recommended,273350,24167269,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Epic Orphan,"So glad to see that Turtle Rock Studios didn't let ther baby die. These people worked so hard and so long to deliver a better game than what it was on release. Most companies would just start working on the next ""failed"" triple A title, but it really is something special when you see people work this hard to keep their game alive.Have fun, guys! It's free!"
76561197984111357,Recommended,273350,24168637,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Maelos,"Finally, some change to a game that had so much potential.  I hope this brings new, sustained life to evolve and games like it."
,Not Recommended,273350,25996259,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,me_stupid_nOob,"I've played this game then it wasn't a FTP and it was great. The game with its own soul, the game that offeres us thee thill of the hunt. The game where you need to find best, not only with footprints but with the clues like broken trees or even sounds of sceared birds or animals. Game was fairly hard, you had to learn mechanics to find and kill beast or survive as a monster. It was great, first game that offers us 4vs1 match expirience. This masterpice had one minus: community, there wasnt such.Devs try to get ppl into the game, F2P model, some casual gameplay like everyone can trap monster with dome and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ planet scanner and so on. And with that they've killed all the emotions original game offers.Now we have a grinding F2P pew pew simulator with a dead core. Shame on Turtle Rock.I loved this game..."
,Recommended,273350,19820571,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Tovarăşul Adolf Hitler,It a good game and funny with friends!
76561198063526672,Recommended,273350,19835695,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,(ZX)gunmen17,"This game literally demonstrated evolution. All the players who weren't good at monster switched over to hunter and got good there and vice versa. Then they both continued to get better respectively, and now there is a huge learning curve. Once you get past it it's pretty fun. Or if you feel like playing with bots you can. But since the game's basic shutdown, playing it is hard. If you've been with it since the first beta, not the stage 2 beta, then you still have all three of the basic characters. However playing it is a little difficult. Nine times out of ten you aren't logged in properly and have to restart the game multiple times. Other times you can't even find a proper game server. Worst of all when you do you're likely to lose your entire team and play a game against bots. With friends it's still a great game, aside from the bugs that will never get fixed thanks to 2k. But if you're trying to just play online then it won't work. It's currently gone to the final stage of evolution, Extinction."
76561198047535203,Recommended,273350,16308260,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Spooky Manatee,I love this game alot its quite fun but if you want to play with friends you better like being a hunter. this is a nice challenging game new hunters / monsters need some Nerfs + Buffs when they come out but overall I recommend you buy this!Oh and I honestly do not give two S**T's about DLC's I dont have any yet im having tonnes of fun and With the events that give you skins you can pimp yo monster fo free!:D LOVE IT!
,Recommended,273350,16379724,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Tristavius,"I purchased Evolve during a discount weekend just before it came out but due to several other games taking up all my time, it went uninstalled until just a few days ago.  In retrospect this makes me very sad as it turns out it's brilliant.Firstly, I'm extremely shocked by all the negative reviews I just read on Steam as so far I've had nothing but superb experiences.  I'll try and address some of the negative points which may affect your decision to purchase Evolve.BUGS:Well that's a simple one!  On the current PC version, correct at time of writing, I can honestly say I haven't had a single problem on this front.  It plays extremely fluidly and I've been amazed with all the jumping around and terrain destruction that there's been no movement related bugs etc.DLC:DLC is always a controversial one but I think so far they've done it very well.  Most of the DLC is just skins for hunters and monsters, which neither adds nor takes away anything from the game, so no reason to complain.  What has upset people is that 1 of each class (4 hunters and 1 monster) require a DLC purchase.  Is this really the end of the world?  The 'stock' option already comes with 3 of each class for a total of 12 hunters and 3 monsters.  You can still play against or alongside the DLC extras without owning them.  If you find you love the game enough that you've mastered all 15 and want 5 more options, drop some cash for the DLC otherwise, who cares?MATCHMAKING:Now here we come to a real problem... and sadly not one the devs can do anything about.  I'm playing in the Middle East region and most evenings it's impossible to find a game.  Any game.  On the weekend, late in the evening, I managed to get the odd half-full game but that's about it.  If you're buying this for Public PVP, I fear it maybe already be too late as the community is too small now.  With a few friends or if you're happy just with bots then you're fine.DIFFICULTY:Interesting to see some reviews saying it's too hard on the monster and others saying it's too easy.  I'm afraid it all comes down to skill.  During some of the few games I've had online, I had a few rage-quits over people not coming anywhere near to my monster on a 'hunt' until I was max level.  I'd counter this by saying all they did was follow my trail endlessly as I stayed ahead of them.  Good hunters need to do more than follow - they need to plan, ambush and try and entrap the monster.  There are few dead ends in the game, but plenty where 2 teams of 2 can close off an area.  On the flip side, I've been a hunter and seen how easy some monsters are to hunt - again it's a skill thing as monsters need to stay on the move, evade, misdirect, sneak and generally trick the hunting party.  False trails, direction changes and superior movement need to counter the fact that you must stop to hunt, feed and evolve while the hunters close in.On the surface, with bad hunters or a bad monster, Evolve can seem shallow and repetitive, but when you get to see skilled players in action you begin to realize just how much depth is on offer.  I remember yesterday facing 4 decent hunters guarding the generator as a Wraith.  Sitting on a hill in the distance I watched their preparations and good positioning and knew a frontal attack was going to hurt.  Instead I noticed a dangerous beast between myself and the hunters.  I abducted one at long range, and didn't try to stop him running; he ran right past the beast, pulling it back to his group and getting knocked down as they ran to help.  As it started attacking a second member of their group I jumped behind them and stealth pounced the medic who had hung back.  Courtesy of the beast that was three down in just a few seconds and the last didn't take long.  One small act of using the environment to good effect had turned a well organized, well positioned defense into a slaughter.And that's why I love this game.I just hope more people return or start playing so that more online matches become an option!"
,Recommended,273350,18229111,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Master Sheep,"Great game when you get coordinated. It's a pretty high skill ramp but once you've gotten the hang of it it's a pretty cool game.Monster play is always challenging against good players and playing as the hunters is really fun when you have a good sense of teamwork.This isn't a traditional military shooter so you must act accordingly. They are called monsters for a reason. Keep your wits about you, keep together and conquer."
76561198166903863,Not Recommended,273350,26231426,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Euge.4,"This is how it happend, this is how Evolve died......R.I.P Evolve 2016-2016"
76561198014225433,Recommended,273350,16514541,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Bazzo,"I highly recommend this game to anyone who has not yet experienced this rollercoatser of adrenaline. Though I wish I would have waited the 2 weeks until the game went on sale, I enjoy the variety of playstyles that the cast of hunters provides. Facing down different monsters is a blast, and I hope that more creative content is provided in the future!"
76561198086374645,Recommended,273350,22022921,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,huntik21,EVOLVE this game is great but its also a hunting game like cat and mouse in this game you will need some patience to succeed but you also will need to do your'e role
,Recommended,273350,31909054,Posted: 22 May,all,UCantKetchup2Me,A GAME DEAR TO MY HEART :(
,Not Recommended,273350,19259078,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,-=GMz=- CH3SSL0RD3 | ELO3K d-_-b,Unfortunately all the players evolved to another game!!!Evolve....... a name pun...
76561198006878166,Not Recommended,273350,16066114,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Citizen Zero,"Great Game play but the pay to have skins and monstersThey fooled me with the hunter season pass which i thought would get all the monsters as wellWell that was completely wrong even with the 40% deduction it is still not worth that much maybe 10- 15 dollars would be appropriate since they want you to pay for all skins and $15 for a ♥♥♥♥ing monster. I have  few friends that have this and it is awesome to play with but once again, you have to pay for things that should have automatically came with the game. Sadly I can not recommend this game to friends it is a cash grab game and too bad they really have something here."
,Recommended,273350,24204650,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,puke,:^)
,Not Recommended,273350,19668625,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,QuinnGT,Fun idea. But worthless when multiplayer matches are filled with bots...
76561198090651683,Recommended,273350,16088255,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Thor,"I've got 280 hours in this game so I think I can give something of an opinionThis game is very fun, it's not perfect but it's fun.Now, not every match is fun, some your team just doesn't come together and it's frustrating, like any multiplayer team game, others, everyone knows what to do and it's a symphony.Some games, you can't seem to kill those damn hunters, other games, you manage to win at stage 3 with a bar of health left, and it's a rush unlike any other.Is the game worth full price? Probably not, is it worth %40 or less off? Oh yeah. I easy got my money and I preordered.Now for the DLC? If you enjoy the game all the DLC hunters are very fun and different and add variety to the game, you are in no way required to purchase them to be competitive however, so do not feel like you are dragging your team down because you don't have them.Behemoth is a monster that is difficult to get a hang of, but is an absolute beast if you do, monster players will thoroughly enjoy the thrill of playing him, that said, get him on sale, $15 is a lot for a monster.This game is good, balance changes make it better, and bug fixes will come, does the game deliver a fun, unique multiplayer experience? Yes. Is it perfect? No. Is it fun? I think so.UPDATE:With the f2p mode it is definitely worth a shot, the devs have clearly put a lot of work into this game."
,Not Recommended,273350,16116554,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Noveranz,You'll dislike it in a week dont buy this game it gets boring after doing the same thing again again and Again. Until they add a new content I am outa here
76561198176414647,Not Recommended,273350,16829925,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,spiritshieldleone,"i have all the system requirements but it still lags. plus, it isn't what was shown in the commercials"
,Recommended,273350,24624534,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,VoS.joebob6245,Evolve was a good game that just wasn't worth a $60 price tag. Now it's free. Play it.
,Recommended,273350,19965445,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Nightmare,"Great game. DLC seems scary to a lot of people but it's not Train Sim.The maps are free. No map packs meaning you aren't divided with the rest of the community.Play free weekends, buy it at the low price of 13 dollars, it's not expensives. Some people pay more for weapon skins on CS:GO ffs."
76561198087752971,Recommended,273350,19291813,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,AnalClarinet,"This game is great fun to play, but in my experience only when you have a friend to play with."
,Not Recommended,273350,16075463,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,CRYOOOOOY,HUNTERS TO OPmonster cant kill anything all the monsters moves do nothing to them
,Not Recommended,273350,17652851,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,tklgw,"This game sucks.First off there is almost more charaters on the dlc then there is without buying it.Second, multiplayer lagslike crazy!  And me personally  i would at least give someone a refund  after only playing 3hours.I mean do they give you like 20 mins to see if you like it?"
76561198001926428,Recommended,273350,24217253,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Bynn,"I bought evolve way back when and no one was playing, i felt like a game that showed so much potential was going to die out before it could be realised due to poor decisions by the devs.When I found out recently that TRS was making the game F2P I was in two minds, but I have really enjoyed the reworks to the hunters and the skills, not to mention the game has had a massive player base boost because of the re release.While I don't think Evolve will continue to have 35,000 + players daily, I do feel like as long as TRS continues to support the game in a fair manner, and don't try to screw over the playerbase it will not die out for a good long while, Pick this game up, play with some friends and have a laugh, it's not gonna hurt considering it's now free."
76561198003292509,Not Recommended,273350,19631293,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Doboy,"Fun game, but their dlc practice is killing the game's community. Making it really hard to find games most of the time. Only buy the game when it is on sale, even then be careful."
,Not Recommended,273350,15793778,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Awptik FaZe,Sucks
,Not Recommended,273350,26621335,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,M4R3K,"Good to know I paid for the game a year ago, then they got money hungry with DLC's and lazy to actually work, so they fire TRS give up and make it Free to Play. Waste of money, don't buy it... oh wait you cant its free to play now because people stopped playing cuz 2K made a bad move.2K made a stupid mistake firing Turtle Rock studios, who were actually working on the game. They buy it from them, make it F2P and stop working on it what so ever. Don't install it cuz that way you wont support stupid mistakes and ruining good games"
,Recommended,273350,19913542,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,ANG3LIC,Firstly i will say i bought the PC MONSTER RACE edition and 5th monster for about 30 dollars.I will keep it very shortThe game is amazingly fun with the most advanced AI ever. The bots outplay most players. There is lacking in content but if you have a tone of friends who own the game please go ahead and buy this game. To everyone else if this game appeals to you then id recommend getting it during a sale ONLY like I did.
,Recommended,273350,24325841,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,kymnarkmar,"Okay let me be clear, I pre-order this game and loved for about 50-80 hours, and then the nostalgia weared off.They ♥♥♥♥ed up hard andf this game was not worth $60.But, that was the old evolve( not stage 2) they managed to fix most of tthe probelems I found and I can say that it rekindled the fun I felt while playing it.If there was I time to play Evolve Stage 2, it would be now.WARNING: probably alot of bias towards this game and review."
76561198041984256,Not Recommended,273350,24232953,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Martyr,"The amount of skill/teamwork needed for hunters is so little now compared to before.With world scan you cannot hide, no effort in tracking needed.Can't drop dome anymore until time is out so no point focusing hunter.Lazarus is pretty useless and Wraith is pretty redonk...Only 1 game mode now...Things which could improve the gameplay:Reduce CD of World Scan or make it a ""Ping"" instead of tracking.Reduce Wraith damage a little (I play monster and it's really strong when played well).""Evacuation"" needs to come back...Make it so downing the Trapper drops the dome."
,Recommended,273350,24345686,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Alicord,R.I.P. Evolve
,Recommended,273350,24162049,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,MagrothJ,It's a pretty good game that got too much undeserved negativity due to bad wording of the devs before release. I hope it gets a bigger player base in F2P.Unfortunately now it seems like many people who bought it hates that it has gone F2P and are giving it bad reviews just because of that. Bad reason in my opinion. Free to play gives it a larger player base and it will then live longer.
,Recommended,273350,16662005,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,DEFQON 1,"Very addictive strategy based Co-Op action game.4 hunters v 1 monster, either AI or real person played.There are a few different game modes, my personal favourite being hunt - a mode where you (as the hunters) need to hunt down and kill the monster before it evolves and levels up becoming stronger and harder to kill, eventually targetting you and the powercore.The game at first glance seems ""repetetive"" i.e Same idea, hunt and kill monster, or eat and survive then kill hunters, however I can personally say this is not the case. The basic concept of the game is ""repetetive"" but each match is so much different from the last, with different hunters, perks and monsters on a variety of different maps and game modes requiring different tacticts.It's a game I think hasn't received the right amount of attention it deserves, and I would highly recommend giving the game a try, it's different than your 'average' game and well worth a play. Alot better playing as hunters with friends for co operation but there are in game features making this only a suggestion and not necessity.If the game goes on sale again I would recommend snatching up a copy."
76561198013858693,Recommended,273350,18014349,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,☼Wrath,"If we don't look at the fact this game is way too centered around DLCs and micro-paying content, I find it really enjoyable !If you like the thrill of hunt, looking for traces, broken branches, corpses of animals freshly eaten and anticipation of the way your prey is heading, then this game is for you.If you like the thrill of running away, eating raw meat, sneaking past hungry guys with advanced weapons, then turning them to preys once you've ate enough and smashing their faces, then this game is also for you.And by the way, the graphics are cool, the level design is pretty out-of-this-world and the characters all have great personnalities (except Parnell. Nobody likes Parnell.)"
,Recommended,273350,20263431,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Gypsy Duck,"Graphics are amazing, the gameplay is smooth, and it's just a great and fun game overall."
,Recommended,273350,20184094,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,SemperFiMikey,This is a great Co-Op/PvP 3rd person shooter!
76561198061207091,Not Recommended,273350,14550133,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Endwell,I still can't get past the loading screen like wtf. Why are indie games with less people more enjoyable then Triple A titles. Why do indie games work more often then Triple A titles
,Not Recommended,273350,24172848,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,WesleypUsa,This game has been fun from the start. Now that it Went to Free to Play they moved so much stuff out of it. Like they took out all the fun game modes i use to play. The great maps are now gone and you only have 4 of them. Like what the Hell did you do 2k and turtle Rock Studioes. Also im back to level freaking ZERO.... Like Really I worked to earn my level and now im 0.
76561198023069426,Not Recommended,273350,20242369,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,The Viking,"Hey there guys,first of all, I play this game since the BETA and now I am finally done with it!I am usually not the kind of person that likes to complain about games or something but this game isn't worth buying it anymore. Here are a few reasons why you defenetly SHOULDN'T BUY this game:-If you are going to play the multiplayer you will have to wait most of the time 10-20 minutes until you find a match no matter what gamemode you choose-Playing this game can often be a frustrating experience. Especially on the hunter team since you have to rely on your teammates and you are very often confrontet with inexperienced players what means you often won't stand a chance against a monster if it's just slightly experienced-Aaaaannnndd you have to pay a lot of money if you want to play the ""FULL"" game. You have to pay for each extra hunter and monster that released after the official game release and I can tell you these guys aren't cheap.....-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------So if you decide to buy this game right now, be aware that you are about to pay money for a game that only few hundret people still play and you will have to pay a lot of extra money if you want to play with all characters and get the full game experience. And the most annoying fact... you will have to wait ages for the game to find an online match!!!...I really loved this game in the beginning but now I don't want to touch it anymore since it's just getting more and more of an annoying and upsetting experience every time I try to play this game.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------So this is it I am finaly done with this greedy game and hope no one of you makes the mistake to buy this game anymore. It's simply not worth it and I can tell this since I am playing it since the beta. It's just getting worse and worse.I hope I was able to help you guys and protect you from buying this dieing game!Cheers guys and have fun with the money you just saved from beeing burned for this useless game!"
,Not Recommended,273350,14588380,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Lexar the fish god,"The game play itself is amazing.... but things like always getting stuck with the person or creature you want least, buggy voice chat, buggy mouse, the cash trap of the game itself, and the fact that you got about a 90% chance of getting paired up with someone either 15 levels ahead of you or 15 levels below you making it so no matter what it will be a unbanlanced game.... if things like that were fixed I feel like the game would be much better and enjoyable for everyone."
,Not Recommended,273350,15053986,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Rawbultra,Not worth the money I paid for it!
,Not Recommended,273350,18033979,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Genjoken,Played it during the free weekend. I don't like the ranking system at all. It takes points out if your team lose even though it's not all your fault the team lost. It takes a while to find a group this is during the free weekend event which we had about 6000 plus people online. I say it's their system that's the problem. I would not pay more than $10 for this game just because of it.  Not worth the price of $19.99 or $20. It's my experience. Try it and let's see what you feel or think about it.
,Not Recommended,273350,20026524,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,nurgles,"The character DLC really ruined it for most people, which caused the massive drop in players. That and the fact that maps/game modes game way too late for most."
,Not Recommended,273350,15135882,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,The Sly Fox,"I loved this game on release, it was fun, I bought into the hype they drumed up for the game, and it was interesting to a degree. However, the DLC is extremely overpriced, I'll give you some numbers for you to decide what to make of the costs, both individually, and if you wanted to be a fan boy who bought all the DLC available for a game.So, for the 1st buyable tier of hunters out, as in one set of Assualt, Trapper, Support, and Medic, is $32: $8 per character. These characters do not earn that steep price tag, having only slightly varied skills form their partners. Are they different? Kinda. Are they fun? Kinda. While this is debateable as opinion, the price tag is still extremely overpriced for 2 slightly different skills, as 1 is always going to be class specific, and one will always be a gun. Next, you have the monsters, which, according to the $100 pack, which only nets you 2/3rds of the DLC coming out for this game, there will be at least 5, meaning 2 more monsters. With the price of the Behemoth at a grissly and whopping $15, you can assume the second beast will net another $15, meaning a total price tag of $30 for both. Now, also mentioned in the Monster Pack are 2 additional hunters excluded from the Season Pass, refering to a 5th tier of hunters. These will likely also be $8 a piece, meaning another $32 dollars, and without a season pass for them as well, lowering the net price from $32 to a barely excuseable $25, You're paying out the♥♥♥♥♥for another slight variation of 2 more skills per class.For those of you looking for a bottom line, here's the math. At the Cheapest, to buy the 2 monsters, and 8 Hunters, you're looking, at cheapest, at $87 worth of DLC alone. The price of Skyrim at fullprice at release, and DragonBorn, it's entirely new campaign and slightly smaller scale Expansion at $20 at first release, with an extra $7. This is the price of the DLC alone, not the game, just DLC. This is a joke, there is not an entire game's worth of content in a decent handful of characters, limited to a simple 4 slot skill bank, if you want to count a gun and the class role as 'Unique' abilities as well, and 2 new monsters. The game is worth the price, everything above and beyond? A ♥♥♥♥ing Joke. And we're not laughing."
,Not Recommended,273350,14937464,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Wesley Bishop,"Repetitive beyond belief. ""counterstike go"" has more flexibility than this."
,Not Recommended,273350,18274900,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Saunts,"No! that's a bad game-dev, bad game-dev."
76561198021720156,Recommended,273350,18745275,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,WHITE GIRLS CAN'T EVEN,"Seriously now, the game is freaking awesome. It requires cooperational behavior tho. That seems to be something lots of people don't understand. If you play Evolve, get a MICROPHONE. TALK TO YOUR TEAMMATES. It's a shame the community loses interest in the game. I just hope the dev's are going to make it free 2 play. The system would be perfect for that, get the main game for free and buy additional hunters if you want to. I think that would save the game."
76561198185406291,Not Recommended,273350,18256221,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,KingWillie,"Competively this game is not fun to me. Hunters are going to wreck the monster at high skill level's and monsters will destroy new hunters, cut and dry. I bought the game during sell for 40 bucks with the new dlc and honeslty I wish I hadnt. Ive only played evolve about 40 hours(which is a bad sign) as the monster and now Im mainly facing high ranking silver hunters as opponets. Once you play against a team thats on call and knows what there doing you cant get away from them, they are going to chase you down, trap you and kill you. When i first started playing i recall a game where i was a hunter and the wraith was sitting at our drop point waiting, and killed us all at stage 1 lol. See the monster will own noobs, and experinced hunters own the game. There really is no balance, hope this saves somebody some time and money. glhf"
,Not Recommended,273350,24230950,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Zen,I've literaly asked for a refund for what they've done; I recomend that everyone else do the same.
76561198004305363,Not Recommended,273350,15133433,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,MegaJuicePop✞,GREAT game was fun then they came to be just like arma 3 and you have to pay for more content that should be free
76561198013503483,Not Recommended,273350,14627455,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,NotTotalTrash,Just Don't
76561198101587459,Recommended,273350,16564881,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,♣♣MrBubble♣♣,good game to play wid friends
76561198042507059,Recommended,273350,24146225,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Spoiko's Dad's Son,"I bought this game when it was pre released at stage 1, 70$ for a founder's pack kinda feelsbad but i am insanely grateful to the devs for bringing the game back, the game was ALWAYS amazing! It was just dead... And now it won't be; and i'll be able to play one of my favorite games WITH other  players."
76561197980769010,Not Recommended,273350,14613825,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,First_Cool_Guy,"I haven't invested enough time into this to game to get tired of it. As with any game I buy, I can see myself doing so in the future. Unless it’s a good RPG, I usually find myself putting down a game after 20 to 30 hours. This game is limited in content, has no real campaign mode, and except for the Hunt Mode, the game lacks interesting mode variety. However, it is very fun and exhilarating to play when there’s a good match. You also need a good hunter team that actually communicates and works together. So COD minded players cannot live in this game. I purchased the game because I had some extra cash, but if you’re limited, I would wait for a price drop if you’re still interested in playing it at a later time. Despite my mixed feelings, the game is worth my money because of the quality of what works for the game. Thus, buy it if you want to try something that feels fresh and you have the money, otherwise just move along or wait for a price drop."
,Not Recommended,273350,15069555,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Yorinar,"I'll try to make this as succinct as possible and just put my impressions out there after playing this game to the point where I can't seem to find any enjoyment in it.  Maybe after the DLC drop when I get to see other people be op because I refuse to spend another chunk of change on a game that already isn't worth the base price.1.) balance changes only shift the op characters around2.) your character role preferences are largely ignored - if you put monster as your #5 pick, you're still gonna have to play it way more than the 20% you'd expect from just random selection -- because no one wants to play it3.) cosmetics are garbage4.) matches all begin to blend together and you start feeling like you're playing the same match over and over5.) maps are almost meaninglessly different. some are slightly better for this or that, but usually it just boils down to run run run run fight fight run run run fight fight run die/fight.6.) a lot of toxic players on comms7.) player base is dwindling already so matchmaking is starting to suck even worse8.) not nearly enough content to warrant the price tagI have no faith that Turtle Rock or 2K (or whoever is to blame for whatever -- I don't care) have the ability to make this any better at this point, because it really is just too late.  I don't think this game was able to achieve the momentum it'd need to become a rewarding fps for long and the fact that whatever progress is made towards improving the content in the game is locked behind way too expensive DLC.  I guess I should commend them for not making the DLC new maps, like Titanfall or so many other games, because no one ever plays those."
,Recommended,273350,23834766,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Melancholy Clam,"At its core, Evolve is a fantastic game. I will admit I bought it on day one with the Hunting season pass (amounting to around $100), but I DO feel that I got what I paid for in every respect. This game really suffered from a terrible DLC plan that got it months of bad press soon after (and before) its release. The funny thing is that games like Overwatch with all free DLC probably took this game as a cautionary tale and helped develop the awesome All Free DLC plans we have today based on it. Its not a redeeming quality by any means but its a shame that this game ended up being the lab rat.Pros:-Both players with and without DLC can play together in the same game-Maps have all been free-Even without DLC the numerous hunter/monster combos provide a large amount of variety in gameplay-Has an offline and custom mode where empty spots are filled with AI (playable when servers go down)-Provides a fun single player AND coop experience!Cons:-Games get repetitive if the monster players consistently choose the same monster or strategy each match-Very steep price for DLC plan-Online community mostly dead, those left think themselves ""pros"" and are brutal to play with/against-Can get frustrating on either side when met with an unmatched team/monster-Playing with only AI gets old as their strategies as both monster and hunter do not ""evolve""This game is not for everyone. Really it is best for a group of 4 or 5 friends to fill a custom game lobby and being able to steep clear of the online community. But to me, Evolve was worth the money in retrospect. However before buying I would recommend finding people to play with to ensure you dont get stuck only playing solo as cooperation is where this game shines."
76561197962489227,Not Recommended,273350,15327191,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,The Nozzle,"Another promising game demolished by terrible publishing practices before it ever got a real chance.The game itself is good, if somewhat lacking in depth.  The characters are all fantastic, the art style is awesome, and the gameplay is solid - though it can certainly get repetitive.  The pricing model, however, is everything wrong with so many modern games.  The base game is overpriced at $60 (what ammounts to an excellent $30 game) and if you want any of the other content, most of which is day-1 or nearly-day-1 DLC, you'll be subjected to enough microtransactions to choke a camel.  $15 for the ""new"" monster and $7.50 for each new hunter is ridiculous.  $140 worth of DLC at the time of writing this on a content-light game released 2 months ago.Turtle Rock is an EXCELLENT developer, but 2K can go fornicate themselves.  They've turned this into yet another cash grab and that annoys the hell out of me.  Unless there is a radical change, the community is going to stagnate and wither.  I wouldn't hold your breath."
76561198104966147,Recommended,273350,15367648,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Firelord Vencaliber,"Overpriced as ♥♥♥♥! Good game, good concept, interesting challenge, thus i believe that the game could of had more story to it and not been the same thing, They could have changed it up a bit and added more than just kill this monstr to succeed the mission, even with other forms of gameplay. Also with the new dlc and update, my game won't start so i now have to redownload to play it again. So not worth the $80."
,Recommended,273350,14471446,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Lord Syruss,"A well balanced and action filled game. The game modes are fun, and the unique play styles for each character add to the enjoyment and experience of the game."
,Recommended,273350,20200086,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,BmeBenji,"Evolve is not dead.I don't care what everyone says, there are plenty of people playing it still, and for good reason.This is and will for a long time be one of the most interesting multiplayer games I have ever played. Some may say it is unbalanced, but the way I see it unbalance is virtually impossible in a game which requires true understanding of each character in order to play it well, and there is no lack of characters. The game alone ships with 3 monsters and 12 trappers. That may not seem like much content for a game that is essentially one game mode with only a few variations, but the variation in the game comes with every match since every team of characters, and every team of players change the way the game plays. Not to mention all 19 non-monster characters are ridiculously entertaining to listen to, whether due to intrigue or humor. I have never grown tired of this game because every character plays very different, every class plays very different, and each monster plays very different. This game is fresh. It deserves attention, and not because of the cosmetic DLC. If you're not buying this game because there are too many skins to buy, grow the ♥♥♥♥ up. This game is incredible. The only con I see is that the game has not yet become free to play because that would drastically increase the life of this game."
,Recommended,273350,29863631,Posted: 11 February,all,Vixium,"The login servers seem to be working again as of 2/11/2017, and it appears like the grave robber monster perks have been fixed? Queue times are a little long still, since so much of the community said ""bye felicia"" after thw way 2k handled the fatermath of cutting ties with turtle rock. All in all, it's a good game if you have a solid team... but I wouldn't spend a dime."
,Not Recommended,273350,29937021,Posted: 14 February,all,Jouppi,This game could've been something but the devs and publishers ruined it
76561198059046941,Not Recommended,273350,15034490,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,youmadson,"was soo excited about this game being realsed! I played it for 1 day and have not played it since! let me tell you why.their are 3 monsters you can play as atm... 3.... and to unlock each one can be done in a day also... depends how much u play in that day ofc... The monsters look amazing and have some cool features etc.. the humans are also pretty cool. I like the first person concept. other than that you will get easily bored of this game. The map size on some maps is ridicluoisly small! the maps in genral are stupid and dont make sense. The game modes are so repetative that it hurts to play another game or baseically the same game you were playing last match. And the monsters are OP if u are playing as humans..  you can also make your own game type and change the difficulty and a load of other settings to make sure you always win the match, monster or humans. However you still earn xp for completeing a game you have created.. making it even more easier to unlock a load of stuff. monsters and human skins etc...Overall the game its self is very very very repetative and can be completed e.g unlocking all monsters in 1 day!"
,Not Recommended,273350,19991546,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Boosted Wallaby,this game just died :^)
,Recommended,273350,24184258,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,S0RA,"Wait so you are telling me that, a game that was originaly somewhere around 80-70$ suddenly becomes free and they decide that giving me a few characters and skins can make up for it.Despite how annoying that is i still love the game. im just a little annoyed that something a paid a ton of money for is suddenly free."
,Recommended,273350,24165093,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Dadfarts,AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,273350,29827212,Posted: 10 February,all,Punished_Penguini,"It's a fun game and I enjoyed it, but it's abandoned by the publsiher 2k now. Play it if you want but don't give 2k a single cent on this game."
,Not Recommended,273350,14914119,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Tulock,Another Left Four Dead. nothing amazing. worth 35 bucks
,Not Recommended,273350,18980029,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Illuminati Middle Manager,This game is much more enjoyable if you go into it knowing that it was originally meant to be a 4 part minisereies modern humanist critique of enlightenment era storytelling techniques and was only made into a video game after the production company that owned the studio went belly up.
,Not Recommended,273350,19983576,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,FK FKF KAOPFAK FRPEAFAEF,It has the worst matchmaking servers and nobody is ever on
,Recommended,273350,17919008,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Fury_FX,i saw it on a free weekend and decided to give it a try and boy i do not regret it this game is really fun dispite all the bad reviews i like it where i didnt think i would it takes a really good game for me to like it and continue playing over and over and i think this game can just about do it i like playing as a hunter playing as a monster i dont really like as much playing as a hunter is all about teamwork as each class has its own abiltys to take down the monster each class is fun to play i thought  trapper was the most fun class for me or even assault is goodi would deffintly recommed getting this game while its on sale or even at normal price i think its worth it theres so much hours of fun to be had with this game! also the leveling up system in this game is pretty cool10/10 for me
,Recommended,273350,17934839,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,SolitaryEnd,"Personally I had a LOOOOT of fun with this game... and then I realized almost everything DLC would cost me an arm and a leg despite even having a season pass that they forget to say 'Oh btw no characters really come with this lul'The Micro Transactions are dumb, and to be honest this is a huge disappointment for me because this game had a TONNN of potential, but forcing players to pay upwards of $15 for just a single monster? No. Just no.How the game works:As a Monster:Stealth from the start, feed feed, run around, feed feed get powerful and avoid hunters... when you hit evolve 2 or 3, you can most probably squish the hunters in a suitable location (preferably a cave)As a Hunter:Find that mofo as fast as possible and shoot him in the FACE...and don't get eaten, that's bad.They've come out with some pretty... ridiculous hunters to be honest now that I believe the odds are tipped in the hunters favor, now with the ability to track the monster pretty solidly along with several advanced location techniques it truly requires skill to get to evolve rank 3 as the monster... But when that happens, the hunters typically bee line for the generator.Best tip: Pick them off en-route to the generator, as it's generally easier to kill the hunters than taking down the generator.OVERALL: Minus the microtransactions that I suppose are 'ok' with the 33-50% off, it's a really good game with intense graphics and gameplay and I'd recommend it. Problem is when you run into a team of pay to wins and if you don't play to your strengths... I hope you brought vaseline"
,Not Recommended,273350,16871003,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Cat in Blue,CAN I HAVE MY MONEY BACK?
76561198090996077,Recommended,273350,17081960,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Master Crafted Cyborg Chicken,"Evolve, perfect example of what alot of gamedevelopers do today, release an low content game with tons of DLC. I would say this game is GOOD because:Cool characters with good lines and well made voice actingAwesome looking monstersFun gameplaycool mapsPretty balanced (not 100%, look at wraith/kraken)Replayable, yes, I said it. This game has been bashed for it's repetitive gameplay, which it doesn't have. The 12 ""free"" characters are all very different and are all playing a very different/important roll. Same for the 3 ""free"" monsters.Why I am disappointed with this game:Lack of content, there are really 2 gamemodes now that ppl play, hunt and arena, but mainly hunt. The only way to get to the other 3 gamemodes is either setting up a custom match with your friends or playing evacuation, which is a hunt mission, 3 votable missions and finally the defend, where you defend a fueling station thing that is powering up your ship. When you vote, people will almost always take hunt if they can, or nest which is superhard for the monster to win (atleast if you are a bad monster player like me). This means there is pretty much only 1 gamemode being played: hunt.This game doesn't have any campaign apart from evacuation, which really isn't to special, no insight or backstory of what is happening.This game is super expensive and I would not buy it if it wasn't on sale.Tons of DLC. You don't need the skins that they are putting out, but they are giving out super expensive DLCs with characters in. I think they should be free, atleast after everyone has been complaining about lack of content and the already expensive game.This game has a pretty small community, on pc there is usually not more than around 600 people at the most, which makes it hard to find games, especially when everyone leaves because they don't get the class they wanted. I have put 200 hours + into the game and I started when it came out and now I've started playing less because of this. It is not a surprise if you play with players half your level because there is no other person at your level. And then you feel cool and pick monster and molest them because you know that they are worse at the game. That ofcourse pisses the new players off and they might quit, which then decreases the playerbase at their level further which means that the game will team them up with higher levels and it becomes an evil cycle.As a summary, YES, I do recommend this game,  but heed my warning. Don't buy it at full price and get disappointed for what you get. If I were you, I would not consider buying it at 50%+ discount, and I would think about it at 75%+. In all honesty, this game should be free and they would still gain money just of the DLC, and none would complain. If you are getting this game, try getting a few friends along to play with, It both makes it more fun and you can coordinate better to take down the monster."
,Not Recommended,273350,20360533,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Unsuccessful Abortion,I SPENT MONEY ON THIS STUPID GAME BEFORE I EVEN HAD THE CONCEPT OF HOW ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ IT IS.I played this game for the free weekend and loved it. So i bought it. let me tell you once the free weekend was over wait times to play a match started taking 20+ minutes. So i began playing offline. let me ask you this. Is any game fun that you cant beat? or even play? no ♥♥♥♥ no. i want my money back. i continued to try to play offline in hopes one day the computer AI would be beatable. ITS NOT. ive spend hours and hours on this game trying to beat the AI. ive done hunts and even with two losses you gain an advantage (placebo effect) NO ADVANTAGE AGAINST THIS AI. so i started playing online again and after waiting 32:17  thirty two minutes and seventeen seconds. i finally found a round and guess what? the people i found  a round with were all silver and gold elitsts where as i wasnt even a rank yet. what the litteral ♥♥♥♥?? i died constantly during this SHORT♥♥♥♥♥ROUND. so yeah. this is the WORST GAME IN MY 32 GAME STEAM LIBRARY. THIS IS THE ONLY GAME I HAVE EVER REVIEWED. AND LIKELY WILL BE THE ONLY GAME BECAUSE NO OTHER GAME PISSES ME OFF AS MUCH AS THIS ONE. ♥♥♥♥ THIS STUPID GAME.
,Recommended,273350,20289898,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,babsi,"if ur patient enough to wait for a game, if u find some equal teammates and if they use their brains it can be truly awesome.  kinda hard to recommend, but i still do, i had some fun. though i really dont wanna know how much time i spent waiting in this game ..."
76561198163175725,Not Recommended,273350,20303713,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Arrowdude,RIP Multiplayer
,Not Recommended,273350,20735003,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,❌George Reaper❌,Servers Down.. RIP Evolve
,Recommended,273350,20668216,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Scruffy,~_~
,Recommended,273350,20421604,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Ghost Hound™,Kraken's tentacles are too hard please soften them up!!!!
,Not Recommended,273350,16516011,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,WOW VERY SHOT,"I know it's on sales 50% off, but do not buy this game, even if you do you are probably not finding anyone at matchmaking. The game is good don't get me wrong, but it just failed to recognize bad bussiness practices and they did not delivered good content updates. This game is DEAD, move on."
76561198069959756,Not Recommended,273350,19106392,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Mr Oogie Boogie,"After changes between hunters and monsters the game feels balanced.. or atleast more so balanced at the skill level I am reaching, but the game's dead as ♥♥♥♥. It's been long dead. There's supposedly a glorious update that will fix everything in the game and hopefully bring back the playerbase. This title update might actually bring some people back, but if it's not good enough to compete with new games that are coming out or have been out and hold their popular communities. With the balances and new things this update will bring I'm sure it'll be worth playing again, but I don't think it'll be enough to keep the game relevant.TL;DRNot enough players. Update (In Progress) Will probably bring back players, but probably die afterwards."
76561198001468280,Not Recommended,273350,29071805,Posted: 6 January,all,SirRagley,"I bought this game and loved it. Then over the course of very little time I watched the player  base die until I could sit in lobbies for an hour and see nothing more than a tumble weed. I looked online, miffed at what had happened to a game that I so enjoyed and was watching die. Then I learned about the cardinal sin having been committed. DLC. Frankly I didn't care, because it was a really fun game and because the DLC didn't seem to be game breaking, but apparently the rest of the internet did and were so bitter about it that everyone just dumped the game. And that is where it was for about a year until they made it F2P (which did vex me as I'd already paid for it). However, apparently going F2P just made it worse. Moral of this story - developers be careful not to anger the almighty gods of the internet, lest they smite your perfactly good and fun game for relatively petty and mindless reasons."
76561198083434116,Not Recommended,273350,18257425,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,DogBrown,"Unless you have 3-4 friends who also want to play this game competitevly and will buy all the DLC, I don't recommend. I was excited about this game for a loooong time, but by the time I finally got a computer capeable of running it, the majority of the community had abbandoned it. I've been able to play 2 online matches since purchasing this game. There is a solo mode in which the other 3 hunters and the monster (or the 4 hunters if you hate yourself and want to play the monster), however if you are the hunter, the other 3 will do nothing except follow you and immediately die uppon encountering the monster beyond stage 1. If you are the monster, you can enjoy the bots knowing exactly where you are at all times (including when sneaking) and making a be-line for you before you get the chance to suckle your mothers teets. Not to mention all the dlc characters are unblanced, so even if you do manage to get into an online game, you will run into a competitive player and be unable to have any fun as you get wrecked by the newest flavor-of-the-month.That being said, if anyone needs someone to fill a spot on their team, I'm available, otherwise I'll not be playing this game again."
,Not Recommended,273350,18450156,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Gray,A blantent rip off from left to right. Don't let these asshats take advantage of you. Worst gaming investment I've ever made.
76561198011171939,Not Recommended,273350,18452071,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,twitch.tv/danvo33,Horrible matchmaking is garbage. Is there a way i can get my money back? i would just buy cod or titanfall.......
76561197999003087,Not Recommended,273350,24228124,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Awful,"When I heard the game was going F2P I was really excited.  I enjoyed the game but stopped playing due the non-existent player base. Unfortunately, they butchered the game in order to make it more ""appealing"" and I can't say its fun in its current state."
76561198047982927,Recommended,273350,15053997,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,scottyo,I don't understand the hate for this game. It's so fun.
76561198026291008,Not Recommended,273350,18889186,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,lpseixas,Crash after crash....Run!!!!!
76561198056400555,Not Recommended,273350,18707785,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,[MyTH] Arthanius,"I love the idea of this game, and personally i thought the gameplay was really good when the game first came out. but now it just seems like the monsters are too weak and the hunters are too buff. been playing on and off every month since it came out. only one ""Real"" new monster and at least one of each hunter. Yet, there multiple hunters that counter each monster. and too many hazards as playing as a monster.. what happened to the hide and seek aspect of this game? I use to be able to have the hunters on my♥♥♥♥♥and out run them or trick them and hide in a bush and they walk right on by. Now its that they are on my♥♥♥♥♥the whole game and I have absolutely no chance to escape the dome. I was in the top 40 for wraith and put two points into the explosion for great dome escape. Now the dome instantly hits the ground?? Come on, why the hunters get such a strong buff? seems like im stuck longer in the dome and dont have the chance to dodge it, and they have a less CD... Seems like the only way you can win as a monster is being 4 x as smart as one hunter bcuz your abilities are just going to be countered or out done by the hunters. its so rediculous to win a game as a monster these days. I use to recommend this game to everyone, but with what it has become i dont think i would. So many buffs happened for the hunters. but what of the monsters? Why were the chance for birds changed? i thought it was good the way it was in alpha and beta. why do we need to have a rising chance for carrions? just seems rediculous having birds give my position away right from the beginning of the game or before my first evolution. I strongly dont recommend this game in the state its in at this moment... that is unless you are a hunter, and in that case good hunting!"
76561197968486082,Recommended,273350,16318167,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,SantaClauss,"Poisonous monkeys hugged me to death,Bald bearded man groped my buttI was back in the game10/10 would dropship again."
,Recommended,273350,24159326,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,FriedRice,I am just happy to get to play this again.
,Not Recommended,273350,18166056,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Edward,"The game hardly matches its own description and promises.What you actually get is:The game starts out with some cutscenes about some hunters that goes from place to place.Afterwards you get dropped at one, and must kill the monster.The first stage is merely a tutorial.The second stage, and the following stages aren't any different it's basically like this:Wait for people to get separated, and the moster to hide and evolve.Repeat and repeat, and trust me - this will take quite some time find the monster and a lot of run from place to place.Now, the issue with this is:The NPC behavior is unbalanced. For instance, bot monster have 100% chance to hit you with the rock. Sometimes hunter bots are being ""afk"".So, all you do really is waiting ,so the monster to evolve at stage 3 and won.And this gets boring really fast.Whenever I play it as monster I felt like I'd rather play Hitman: Blood Money, and just try to kill all people at the party level without getting caught.I don't have anything against this unique game (4v1) though :D - just saying this is what the game could have been like, and instead we got some half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥assassin game where even three tonnes monster can use crouch to be silent."
76561197969826991,Not Recommended,273350,14582849,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Monkeyterror,Ridiculous DLC policy.It makes a mockery of gaming.
76561198046513300,Recommended,273350,21819389,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Volvorine,"10/10 Evolve is an asymetrical competetive shooter like no other. Evolve, in my opinion has the potential to become and incredibly huge game with an ESL scene. Sadly many players are turned off by the small community and the costly DLCs. DLCs in Evolve are NOT needed to have fun, it is not necessary to buy all the content to play well; actually the META is currently revolving around the orginal Hunters.Pros+fun competetive game+can be played alone and with 3-4 friends+alot of game modes+casual play outside of ranked mode+free skins in weekly challenges+ some DLC and maps are freeCons-balancing issues-sometimes laggy/desync-increase waiting queue times due to low amount of players-buggy ranking system-bugs/glitchesAltogether Evolve is an incredibly great game like no other. It has it's downsides, but none that are not being fixed, or cannot be fixed. And lastly the DLCS are NOT needed to enjoy the game."
,Not Recommended,273350,16046645,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Gumball78,"Awful, Repetitive game. Waste of time and money. DO NOT BUY!!!"
76561198028969627,Not Recommended,273350,15034635,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Pihliz,My serious review:The Good:+It's okay if you got friends to play with. Can be pretty annoying with random peepsThe Bad:-Very and I mean VERY repititive gameplay-Overpriced compared to offered content-Very few players. Sometimes it is hard to find someone to play with. Only 2.2k players currently playing....-Matchmaking sucks hard. For example matchmaking kicks one of our members in order to fit our group to another group.-UnbalancedWill update review if something changes
,Not Recommended,273350,23320923,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,oTL!!!!,"The game is too boring after being played for few hours. Every content in this game is too costly. Only excited for first couple games, then the game is too repetition."
76561198096896922,Not Recommended,273350,23928726,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,StealthCharm,"Since the game has gone F2P it's fixed most problems it had before the main one being player count. Still kinda salty they didn't give people who had previously owned the game all the hunters they were however so nice they gave me the hunters I paid $5 a piece for though was very generous of them to let me keep those ;). They also removed most of the game modes reset the data for previous players. The game also has a wonderful feature called the gorgon and if the monster picks the gorgon and is remotely decent at the game you ,as the hunter, lose. The game itself is fun and i recommend it but the publishers kind of ruined the experience for me, it needs some balance tweaks however. Will definitely be the last game I buy from 2K publishers."
,Not Recommended,273350,17529013,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,"Charles ""The Hammer"" Martel","Evolve is completely a victim of it's own premise. I would start by saying, I loved this game at launch, it was tons of fun and a great time. But game bugs and matchmaking glitches ruined it completely and made tons of people quit. At which point the population dropped so dramatically that me and my group also left. We came back recently due to the hype of new matchmaking patch and what we found - was awful. Due to 'balance' basically every Monster now knocks you down in 2-3 hits. So the only strategy you see it target medic, down him, and win. That's it. Even level 1 Monsters can easily win. The balance swung from hunters being op to monsters.Don't even get me started on pay2win Hunters. This game had so much promise and they ruined it. Do not buy unless you like dissapointment."
,Recommended,273350,17909022,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,東方の黑猫✿,-to honestly say:Yes! its a fun game BUT the DLC are To expensive!-those DLC should be free like witcher 3-Lastly if you dont have a friend that you can play with in this EVOLVE dont buy itcuz normally if you play public = no team workwell i guess ill vote YES cuz its a fun game just that DLC are annoying
76561197989419073,Not Recommended,273350,14948400,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,☢MaMa-ToX☢,"i was so supportive of this game for so long and now i dont even want to play anymore bc the game totally caters to console, now i also find out the one weekend i dont have time to play they did some gold skin....seriously it should go to people that have put hours into this game and tried getting people to play it its bull im done representing this game i dont want anymore of my friends to be suckerd into a lot of DLC i thought possible good longterm outcome but no not here dont waste your money unless your on console"
,Not Recommended,273350,20517200,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Orionis,DLC the game
76561198026605090,Not Recommended,273350,17906377,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Triangular Antiprism,Might be a decent game if they'd fix the god awful matchmaking system. It is literally the absolute worst matchmaking I've ever seen. Waited for almost an hour just trying to find a game then when one was finally about to start some jack off left and it went back to waiting again. How in the name of hell did they manage to get it so wrong?
,Recommended,273350,14719783,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Ariien,"Overall, the mechanics of the game works really well. However, all of the maps seem to be similar, and the DLC for this game is getting out of hand."
76561198093930818,Not Recommended,273350,16045301,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,SuNNY ☼,I forgot about this game faster than...wait what are talking about?
,Recommended,273350,16729623,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,cerberusoul,I want to support this game by giving a positive review.... but first let me say one negative thing: yes the DLCs have been a strange financial strategy from 2K but apart from that what a great game!!!Everything in the game is fun may you be the monster or the hunters and it gets even better when you have a few friends to enjoy some great evenings hunting and killing monsters. If you are ready to undertake a few losses at start to then improve and start getting in some wins then this game will be worth every penny! I have enjoyed every second of my 100 hours + passed on the game so far and im looking forward in the future because TRS are continuing to support the community (maybe not 2K) and they have many plans for the future.Don't hesitate to by the game during sales to get the whole thing for almsot nothing :). No need to spend a fortune on the game ;)This is a good coop game.
,Not Recommended,273350,18909275,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Prince ♥,"Over hyped.Was super fun at first, but it got boring REAL fast.It's more fun you have friends to play with, and don't mind repetitive gameplay.For the most part though, I wouldn't recommend this game."
76561198023827097,Not Recommended,273350,19291371,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,illsanity,The game was fun for about a day playtime. After that day the game became very tedious and got boring. Then DLC came making me feel like I got only part of the game even with the pc monster race edition. I really wish I could get a refund because I will never play this game again and have no way of trading it in either so im stuck with a game I will never play. Thanks Steam. DONT BUY THIS GAME UNLESS YOU HAVE MONEY TO BURN........................Waste of money!
,Recommended,273350,15286857,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,LocoPojo,"It's 4/9/2015, and Evolve is one day shy of two months old.  I just finished my first couple of rounds under the fifth patch, which is a bundle of hotfixes and balance changes to the four new hunters and new monster, Behemoth.  I've played this game almost every day since launch, around 240 hours, and it's just surpassed the greatest game in my Steam library for duration played.  After playing the Alpha and Beta both, I paid for the fantastically pricey Monster Race edition with the understanding I'd be ""kickstarting"" some four months of content releases which have already been flowing out the door.  Do I think it was worth the cost? Yes.This game is daring as hell.  It's a multiplayer 4v1 game where a team of dedicated specialists hunt and kill a monster as it struggles across the map, feeding and evolving.  There isn't another game out there like it, and there may never be one again.  It's not a permutation or a derivation of any kind: it has elements of MOBA's, FPS shooters, and other strong design principles, but it is by itself a new genre of game, characterized by moments of quiet where every visual detail you take in matters, bleeding into loud, cataclysmic brawls where every misstep can mean brutal death.  Whatever new monster this thing is - it is fantastic.Evolve has the unfortunate blessing and curse of being a AAA game; it couldn't have been made any other way.  It uses its fancy graphics and lush environments as more than mere decoration - your eyes and your ears are important tools here, and hunting monsters as an experience requires the fidelity this engine puts out.  But it's also a continuous content model game - the kind of business model you'd normally see in a cheaper F2P, selling characters at $7.50 (975 RP in LoL parlance) or bundled up in four for $20.00, with monsters running for $15.  The combination can be a little heavy on the pocketbook - it's worth every penny, but if you're sticking it out for a sale, I can see your reasoning.Content-wise, it's got a core experience that's strong enough to last, and a continuous content model that should keep it fresh for as long as its supported.  The dream is clearly a MOBA-esque menagerie of monsters and hunters released over time, creating a bevy of team comps and unique experiences as it expands out infinitely in story and scope.  Under current support the content may only grow to be about twice as big as its release - but what's out is already fairly infinite in its permutations.  You could spend a summer on this.  I've already lost the spring.It's hard.  It's really, brutally hard.  It's got a Dark Souls level learning curve, monster bosses with slow attack animations and clear tells but hard to dodge attacks, only run by clever human beings out to kill you while you coordinate with three pubs who are crucial to your success.  The early games can feel slow - until you learn how to dome and fight the monster well, the pace of action is glacial, instead of the intended rising/falling action curve that you see at the higher levels.  The learning curve on the game is an investment, and you will lose a lot until you start winning.When you start winning?  Oh, victory is so sweet.  Your allies are your comrades-in-arms.  Your monster is the destroyer of worlds.  Every game is a tense round of back and forth, fight after fight after fight, with both sides getting black eyes before the final punch is landed.  Rounds end with monsters scraping out power relays on the final sliver of health, with daring minute long games of cat and mouse trying to catch that last living hunter before the dropship comes.  Everything is balanced on a knife edge, every game can be twenty minutes or five.  As a monster my games end in shakes and shivers, with all the raw adrenaline of having faced down four other clever ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s at once and won.  As a hunter, every man on my team is a hero, and the behemoth fallen at my feet the ultimate test of skill.As game balance goes:  It's pretty balanced, and still balancing.  Wraith had a strong run in the first month before the first real patches came online, the new hunters were similarly strong and are now quite less so.  At this point, most every character is within a 5% winrate of each other and hunters/monsters typically run 52/48 one way or the other.  Of the five patches, three shifted the balance in significant ways, and a new micropatching system should allow for weekly updates.  Even the metagame has been tuned, with silent domes and traversal tweaks adding more consistent action to each stage of the game as monsters are more frequently trapped.Because it's AAA, it's got a moderate amount of bugs cycling in and out of existence.  Matchmaking awkwardness, occasional through-the-map glitches, crashes, strange invisible spectator drones - nothing so common or bad as to ruin the experience, but worth noting.  Matchmaking can be tricky for duo or triple queues - it runs lovely for singles and quads, but if you're flying solo you should be prepared to play monster a lot.For a game of this expense to take these kinds of risks is a thing worth noting.  The AAA industry in its current iteration may never produce something this daring or original again.  It is something unique and beautiful in its own right.  It is a thing nobody has seen before and that most are barely beginning to understand - flawed, but living, growing, and evolving.  Most of all, it's really, exceptionally, unbelievably fun - and it's worth your time and your money if you're willing to invest them.Oh, and if you're hunting monsters - bring friends.  You'll need them."
76561197960958159,Not Recommended,273350,14842944,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,TrademarkTM,boring in the first hour
76561198126969804,Not Recommended,273350,17872606,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,✪ V.I.P,Worst game in 2015 ...
76561198057001608,Not Recommended,273350,24166528,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Raptorz,"Alright, so I am glad I held off making a review, so here it it: I am very annoyed/dissapointed with Turtle Rock Studios. And this, ""Evolve Stage 2"" is a WASTE of your time, in MY opinion!!!Basically, graphically wise, it seems as they overhauled on the graphics, to try and make it look like a free to play in early beta (So, they tried to make it look as bad as possible) instead of what was a triple A title!!! The hunter models are horrendous and this game is very different from the original. It doesn't have any of the atmosphere or life that it once had. There is no inkling of shading or good sound design. The ""Redesigned"" maps are barely changed, and the changes they did make to hunt mode have made it much worse!And as for the ""Silver Key"" System, it takes 6000 keys to unlock one SKIN... not one character, one SKIN! You initally get 1500 silver keys when you first load it up, but as a ""Founder"" due to me previously owning the game as I had pre ordered it, i got an additional 3000. And speaking of ""Founders"" content, it is no where near excusable or replenishing for/to those who spent nearly or over 100 dollars on this cashgrab!!! Theres so such thing as a refund or an inkling of trying to truly thank those who bought the game in the first place and as they say ""Believed"" in their dream....I am flabergasted that Turtlerock would basically steal from the players of Evolve, and then put out this lazy, unimproved, graphical mess to try and bring the game back to life. I played multiple rounds of this mess, and playing as both the monster and hunter is no longer enjoyable, and it truely is a cashgrab, to the highest degree. This move was very dishonest and manipulative to the original players of Evolve, as this shows Turtlerock to be greedy and has lowered my expectations from them significantly.Anyway, at best this game would be a time passer, yet I would probably not download it as it is quite large (18.6gb update) and it is a empty husk of the Evolve when it was in its prime.I give it a 2/10, won't play again. I am dissapointed Turtlerock. Fix whatever problem you guys have in your studio, you're gonna need it."
,Recommended,273350,24229812,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,HanktheDank,"just gonna throw this out there, you can still play the original version of the game if you go to the betas and select legacy evolve. you had to have owned the game, but still. stage 2 is fun. i hope they revamp something similar to evacuation. also new characters please"
76561197976843692,Not Recommended,273350,14554973,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Frankie-Z-,total waste of $60  ..gameplay is about on par with any other free to play game but it comes with a $60 price tag ..avoid avoid avoid
76561198070082495,Not Recommended,273350,14627576,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Robotic Cock Rover,For starters I was very excited about this games release. Then I started playing the game and wow. The performance is absolutely terrible. The game is obviously poorly optimized and feels like a cheaply done console port. Turtlerock seems to ignore these performance issues and numerous bugs. You can look in any forums and see many complaints about nurmerous broken game mechanics. There hasnt been any word on their end to fix them either. I am very dissapointed in my purchase. This was an expensive game for such a limited mode of gameplay. There is really only a single multiplayer senario you can play and that gets old FAST! Then the kicker is the DLC they want you to pay for.  I wish there was a way to get my money back! I would not recommend this game to anyone. It's basically an unfinsihed overhyped broken console port!  Save your money. This game is broken.
76561198110573241,Not Recommended,273350,14846598,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,TBCShroom,"Was exciting for a bit, but unlocking the characters was about where it ended for me. I'd wait for a serious price drop unless you enjoy banging your head into a repetitive wall."
,Not Recommended,273350,14847845,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,CrazyBear,In the first 10 hrs it was fun. When you unlock all classes.... it became borning. It does not has enough content.
76561198036283702,Recommended,273350,14586694,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Lil Professor,I like evolve but I thot eight had a campaign where you can play as a rookie hunter  but sadle it doesn't but i lick this game and if you have the money to buy thes game go right ahead. watch the angry joe vido for hes opion.
,Not Recommended,273350,15841220,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,The Based Man,There's a reason why no one plays this game anymore. It sucks.
76561198007352007,Not Recommended,273350,17993324,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Jomigator,Searching for a multiplayer match takes a long time. Bots in solo is too difficult. You will not enjoy this game if you don't have friends to play it with. Not recommended for solo players.
,Recommended,273350,15312117,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Captain Avis,"I like the game, its complete fun to play as both monster and hunter. It is one of many of the co-op gameplay people are looking for yet sadly its price tag is too much for an extra monster or a hunter. those who boaght into the digital deluxe edition had probably already gotten close to it being worth it. It might not be enough though to please the typical brower of steam that sifts through sales daily or pinches pennies or is just on a budget in general. People are also sharks in that once something gets too tedious or too pricey, they will down vote it immeadiatly. Truely the joke is on them. They bought it, installed it and now they reget it. I for one will at least keep my pride to say Turtle Rock made a great game. over priced yet still good. If you honestly have to feel butthurt about price to write a one sentance ""review"" to donvote it solely upon your own experiences and price, once more. DON'T. Save it for games that are honest to god Pewdiebait.Now go forward and flame as you please. I will be honest it wouldn't surprise me."
76561198032182201,Not Recommended,273350,14422485,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,RaQ,"Ok, so I preordered it, stupid me, I promissed myself not to ever do it again after Total war: rome 2, yet I did it again :( read other reviews, I'm tired, game is good, they don't deserve your money!!"
76561198037549548,Not Recommended,273350,15369144,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Ottohi,Play one Evac match. That's the whole game.Does one thing well:Asymmetrical classes fighting together to take down monster.Does these things poorly:Map varietyReplayabilityMeaningful handicapsReplayabilityGives you the feeling of a whole game that will be even more expanded as time goes onReplayability
,Not Recommended,273350,14890523,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Kevykev²,You know what would make this game better.....more DLC.
,Not Recommended,273350,14813920,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,AngryBlade,still havent fixed wraith
,Recommended,273350,17950077,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Kinda Divine,"If this game was a potato, it would be a good potato"
,Not Recommended,273350,24167787,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,maggot133,"I bought ""Evolve"" in release day + Season Pass...now it's F2PW H A T  T H E ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥???"
,Recommended,273350,21837973,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Ayperos,Great game ! just need players
76561198077245697,Recommended,273350,19272889,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Rifter,Great game!
76561197965578246,Not Recommended,273350,25072947,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,AndyPandy,"Unfortunately Stage2 only polishes and improves the edges, while leaving the core gameplay untouched. So its still the same boring ""running simulator"" as at launch.The problem for me is the core game-play loop, is not working at all. 50-80% of the time hunters literally run around doing nothing more than following the trappers lead, while doing nothing else. At the same time the monster is also just running around eating wildlife, all this boring, repetitive, wasted time, to get to the 2-5 min burst of fun ""dome"" gameplay. Its simply not worth it. Its a shame that even after the bad launch 2k/Turtle Rock Studios still seems to think they just need to polish the broken core gameplay to succeed."
76561198083072044,Not Recommended,273350,22289444,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,♠ ♣ ♥ ♦Spuri♠ ♣ ♥ ♦,30 min waiting time and still no match found...is eveybody LEFT4Game ?
,Not Recommended,273350,15163855,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Thigh Fire not thomas,"Preordered the game while my friends didn't. I get to play as a DLC monster. Now, I'm sure people have read an abundance about this games DLC mishaps. At first, I gave it ther benefit of the doubt. The game is pretty fun. It's definitely not worth 60 dollars, which is how much I paid. It's a complete game, however, it's empty. It's a 40 dollar game at best. Aside from that, each new playable hunter costs 7.50. 4 hunters for 7.50 is 30 dollars. Now, include the new monster, the behemoth, that's another 15. So, if you pay full price for this game, that's 60 + 30 + 15 = 105. For a game not nearly worth that much. I'll continue to play this game - like I said, it is fun. But, I would never have paid full price or prerordered it. I do not plan on buying the new hunters, though I wish to play as them. Friends of mine suspect the prices will drop or become free. I doubt that very much. They had the chance to not screw up after releasing day 1 DLC. They continue to misstep and fall backward in the wrong direction. Prices included, I give this game a 3.5/10"
,Recommended,273350,20807354,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Evil Tiny Rick,Eh.
,Recommended,273350,20543184,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Korjei Jitsu,The game is great.
76561198015106701,Recommended,273350,17908504,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Yank,"Ok I started playing the game on free week-end.Didnt understand much and saw all the negative critics.Played it an hour or two, was impressed by the graphics but was disappointed. Nearly uninstalled it.Thought after all I downloaded the >30 GB might as well give it another try.Tested the solo mode and then went to multi.Got to like it.Will take skills to master but in my opinion this game is worth the effort.If you can get it at 50% and want to play something new, you should give it a try."
76561198088765965,Not Recommended,273350,14430398,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Prophet,"dont get me wrong, i love this game to death, playing beta was fun but they really ♥♥♥♥ed up on release. it is as if it was all for nothing. not to mention the game is stuck in a resolution that makes it completely unplayable and has no method to fixing it. if i could fix that and a few other things then yeah, id recommend this."
,Recommended,273350,14549911,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Poisonblade20,This the coolest game i have ever played. it quickly became my favorite game. i would recommend this game for players who like action. but when i tryed the jetpack it ran too fast out of fuel and it were hard for me to get around. i think a quicker refuel and a maximum Fuel perk(I dont know if thats already a perk). But still an epic game
,Recommended,273350,24170542,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,IMP! JuanFox,"10/10 sim, agora está free, let's go!"
,Not Recommended,273350,19744830,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Guilherme D'ravem,"A great game, a great disapointment.The game by itself is just great, can get repetitive sometimes but you can have tons of fun with it for sure! Specialy playing with some good friends.One big point is the region restrictions for matching, being on brazil seens it limit me to playing with latin/south america people, what make my many last tries to play it become a long wait for players, till I leave if frustrated over half or entire hour of waiting just to find sometimes a random person that will drop when see that there's no one else."
76561198022032242,Not Recommended,273350,15171181,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Lucky 5,"I love the game itself, but this game is EVIL (LAG). I started playing with graphics on high with 1920x1200 res. Lagged so hard that I didnt even get out of the ship. After I crashed, I set the res to 800x620 and I put graphics to low. What do I get, LAG AND CRASHES! WHY 2K, WHY!!!"
76561197980127886,Not Recommended,273350,14784902,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,deekaybee,"Worst game of the year.  Don't buy it. Poor server, ultra slow... :("
76561198018959319,Not Recommended,273350,16211657,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Monokuma,THEY TOOK EVOLVE AND MADE IT EVEN WORSEFOUNDERS GET 3K KEYS...RANDOM STREAMER SHILL GETS 100K FOR EXISTING AND DEV DONATIONShttp://steamcommunity.com/app/273350/discussions/0/358417008724483231/toxic♥♥♥♥♥company dont ♥♥♥♥ing play this♥♥♥♥♥
76561198047091119,Recommended,273350,19921910,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Baja Blastoise,"Okay, so here's the thing: we all know that Evolve (and Turtle Rock by extension) ♥♥♥♥ed itself over on launch horrendously. They locked a lot of content that should have been in the game from the start behind paywalls on day 1 that should have been at the very least been passed out to players who prepurchased the game, if not just put in the ♥♥♥♥ing game for free. It is completely fair to leave the game for this reason, and to hold that massive and obvious mistake against Turtle Rock and never play this game or buy it ever.BUT. AND A HUGE BUT. ( ay ;] )The truth is that despite this insane PR suicide by Turtle Rock, the game is legitimately very fun and polished, and since returning to give it another shot I have enjoyed it quite a lot. After 2 full DLC packs of hunters and monsters, along with multiple map packs and game modes that were added free of charge (and even a couple hunter/monster variations), the game boasts a level of diversity that makes it very diverse and interesting from game to game. Also because map packs and game modes were put in for free, you can still play with just the base game and it works perfectly fine, no limits on matchmaking or anything like that.If the CURRENT STATE of this game was the state of the game on launch, I garauntee that it would have exploded in popularity and would still be popular to this day, no question.THAT BEING SAID, there is the obvious issue of the playerbase, which has dwindled significantly over time. Queues are difficult to find and full teams are rare at certain points during the day/night. There is a ranked mode that is pretty much superfluous because there's almost no chance you will ever get to utilize it properly with this few remaining players.Now then, what does that mean for you, as someone reading this review? Well, right now, during the Winter 2015 sale, the base game along with the first seasons pass (4 extra hunters and 1 monster) costs just $16. The second seasons pass costs 12 (4 more hunters, 1 more monster). Personally, I think buying the 16 season 1pass/game package is well worth the money, if not just to give the game a try. It certainly behooves me to recommend the title to you, because i play myself, but Iwant to make it clear that even without obvious bias, I would styill recommend this game for this price to anyone who is intrigued by the idea of the game and wants to play.In short, give it a shot while it is at a massive ♥♥♥♥ing discount, you will be surprised at how improved the game is, and the more people that end up playing, the better the community and game will get. Turtle Rock has mostly attoned for their sins, although begrudgingly, and we can't expect them to make it F2P because of consoles (filthy ♥♥♥♥ing casuals that they are)."
,Recommended,273350,14414118,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,✪ Shazzberry,"TL;DR TRS is awesome, 2K sucks. Gameplay is amazing, DLC is optional and not required. Shut up reddit, just get the base game and enjoy yourselves.Longer version.I've played the game since the first closed NDA Alpha release, I've watched as the developers have listened and talked to the gamers and I've seen this game evolve into the beast it is.I completely support this game, Turtle Rock Studios is a great developing group and their interaction with the forum posters and gamer feedback has been amazing.Don't let reddit and the hoard of people clamoring against DLC ruin this for you. Yes 2K is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ publisher, but you don't even need any of the DLC. All of the monsters and hunters in the base game are superb and amazing. Be happy with the base game, if you want to go bigger like I did fine, do that.I have played many hours already into the game and for $60 it is worth it (DLC is up to you). From what TRS has shown I totally expect them to follow through with their promises and continue adding content and expanding the game.The gameplay is unique and fun in my opinion, the variety in the hunters and monsters in fantastic and the game modes are awesome and offer a change of pace."
76561198033300451,Not Recommended,273350,14635375,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Cool Hand Luke,"21:9 Aspect Ratio is NOT supported and makes the game unplayable on PC, there are workarounds for consoles navigating the menus using the gamepad so long as you know where to go on the menu.Turtlerock new about this problem right from the Alpha test outset and still haven't fixed it. Loads of other games have this issue nailed ... so keep a hold of your hard-earned cash!!!"
76561198094002876,Not Recommended,273350,29620036,Posted: 31 January,all,Djkbinx58,"Pre-ordered the game for $60, played it for 6 hours and got bored.Waited a couple months for something new, nothing.Come a year and a half later to see thats the game is now free.When you cant get a refund for a game you pre-ordered for $60 when the base cost of it was $45 after coming out and existing for 2-3 months, and now it's free.Fml"
,Recommended,273350,14532667,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Falsedemise,"Almost 50 hours into the game and I have yet to see anyone that paid more than $60 out of pocket.Skins are optional content and don't even reskin the character, just your gear.  Don't buy them unless you have cash to burn.A typcial match lasts about 10mins unless you're fighting a wraith.Matches lasted longer/were more boring early on because of Trapper inexperience. Most matches at level 20+ are fairly action based (depends on how good your Trapper is)There are balancing issues that are being worked on.Game is not for casual games who don't want to go through an experience curve (see almost all of the reviews below)"
76561198072028129,Not Recommended,273350,15152757,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,♫Mudkip♫,"To be honest, I love the game and yea... it can get repetitive at times but its a great game, I like it. That was until the new hunters came along, they are pretty overpowered I mean... As a goliath they wrecked me... As stage 3 goliath they can easily take you down. They really need to nerf the new hunters. Please dont be one of those ""pay to win"" I mean its your choice to buy the new hunters, but in my vision, they are pay to win hunters... Behemoth is a totally different story though, these new hunters can just take down behemoth so ♥♥♥♥ing easily because of that weakspot on his stomach. Anyways if you want to spend your hard earned cash or the cash your parents gave you... get it, just remember... Its very repetitive even though ""every match plays out differently"" that is true but you play as the same hunters or monsters except for the new hunters... (That will end shortly though) but you play on the same maps over and over. If you dont like repetitive games, i highly recommend you dont get this game. In my eyes, this could have been a better game if it were just for PC, this game was meant for PC to and not for ♥♥♥♥ing Xbox or Ps4 (if it is on ps4) I dont look into that kind of stuff. Well Safe hunting everyone."
,Not Recommended,273350,14884038,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,STEINER,"Waste of 70$ right now.They are adding content that you need to pay MORE for? What the hell...WHAT THIS GAME NEEDS TO BE VALUED AT $69.99- CAMPAIGN... To not have a campaign and have this price set is baffling as they are basing it off the multiplayer which is garbage right now.-MORE MULTIPLAYER GAMEMODES ( NOT JUST 4v1... 4v4 Same idea but weaker monsters that evolve differently? Just change the model size a stats for health  dmg whatever.- Better progression system... Right now its super bland even though its completely overdun- FREE DLC ( You guys screwed up on this game and aren't owning up to it... putting out DLC was an obvious cry from the community but putting a price on it is silly considering the lack of content.This game was very hyped up through media and can't uphold its own, the gameplay is pretty cool for like 3 rounds then you get bored.To pay 70$ and get 15$ worth of content is a slap on the face. Why make us pay more for content that should have been in the game in the first place...There is a HUGE lack of gameplay replayability as there is only one real gamemode people play. The idea of 4v1 is cool but branch out from that because its putting the game in a hole it can't get out of.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNLESS1. Devs actually provide content to those that paid for the game2. Devs drop the price to something realistic for whats provided in a failed AAA game ( $30 at the highest drop on sales )"
,Not Recommended,273350,14967953,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,hokze,its barely out a month and already on sale for 25% off...
76561197969571177,Not Recommended,273350,14979409,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Maj3stic,This game is a joke everyone has stopped playing it already (out less then 60 days). The wraith in the game is soo OP that people just quite. Developer is money hungry with crazy expensive DLC. This might be a good game at 9.00 USD.Good concept- ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ developer / corp pinheads / bean counters
,Not Recommended,273350,24239610,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Fusou,"Waste 100 euros on Monster PackDLC ♥♥♥♥♥tormGame diesgoes F2PHeres ""Founders Status"", an animated badge and 3000 keysBtw we also reset your progress and took your unlocked skins, some features and maps.-Still unbalanced-Still gets boring after 2 rounds-And in 2 days it will be overrun with Cheaters(Yes they are allready here)And i thought Assassins Creed: Unity was my worst buy but atleast they gave me a free game."
,Recommended,273350,14640198,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Mr.Stride,"I honestly like this game. I got the preorder for it a week before it came out and when I  started it up I was impressed. Looked great (ecspecially on a 4k monitor) and for the most part the game play was solid.  But the more I played it, the more I found issues with the game like missing textures (Looks seethrough in game) and the mouse cursor appearing in game. But these issues can be fixed in an update. It's not like 2k abandoned the game and is moving on with something else. Now the reason why everyone is not recomending the game is becuase of the DLC. Other then the 4 characters you can buy in the season pass, its all skin packs. Should they have included it into the game, ABSOLUTLY but they didn't and it's not a big deal. The gameplay and creativity that went into the game is humongous and you can tell. Never before did I have to comunicate so much with random strangers on my team for how to attack and find clues to spot the monster. In total I like the game and I think you should buy it, just don't judge the whole game only becuase of the DLC or the glitches that you may deal with while playing. Thanks for reading :D"
,Not Recommended,273350,14805706,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,SithLee | r6s.canceraf.com,"WOWWWWWW Thanks for making the game I payed 60$ for free. Wait where is my refund though?Good game, I'm not gonna lie though, It gets so boring so fast.After the beta, I played it a few times. So far I havn't played it much at all.Please add more DLC, also fix the monsters they are overpowered due the buff they got because of beta stats.Not worth 60$ at all, more like 20$."
,Not Recommended,273350,34985049,Posted: 15 September,all,Big Tea,"Paid $100 for the Founder edition, game was♥♥♥♥♥♥ did this before refund was a thing, now I'm out $100 and the game is free."
,Recommended,273350,14526388,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,CoolStoryBrah,"Long story short: Fantastically fun game with that ""one more match"" addictiveness. Give Turtle Rock your money so we get more colorful, vibrant games like this. Don't give them money for the DLC, as this stuff should have come with the game in the first place.I got the chance to play Evolve at E3 in 2014, and I was a huge fan just from those short experiences playing on a controller with strangers. I was really looking forward to the release, and was hyping it up to all my buddies.Then they released the pricing for the game... and the ten tons of DLC.Let's cut to the chase: The gameplay is great. Levels are well thought out and provide ample room for battles, monster and hunter alike. There are multiple game modes out of the gate (a problem that made Titanfall far less palatable on launch) so the action never gets dull. Each class of hunter and monster requires some level of study to get down, and when you do, you become the amazing teammate that pulls through at the last minute for the win. Give Turtle Rock your money for this bit, at least, because they've taken the concepts behind Left 4 Dead and MADE THEM BETTER! HOW???Now the bad bits: it's Cryengine, so your system will weep. I'm running dual GTX 770's and I'm running at medium settings. The unlocks are painfully slow. You'd think people would have learned from Diablo 3 that people don't enjoy grinding for gear, but what do I know? Finally, that DLC. I bought the PC Monster Race edition, and that comes with more content when it gets released over time. That being said, the game is awfully skimpy for content to start, and then asking for more bucks up front to get the ""full game"" sucks. I guess this is how the industry is going to monetize going forward, but it's crap no matter which way you look at it.I conned a buddy of mine into buying this game. and he was skeptical as hell going in. 3 matches later and he's trying to figure out who else we can get to buy the game so we can have a full team.Buy the game, skip the DLC for now. If you're having fun? Buy the DLC and go bananas.And for god's sake be a good medic."
,Not Recommended,273350,23202345,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Gurpizza,Game is dead!
76561198018739984,Not Recommended,273350,15067269,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Depression,"Too repetitive and gets really boring, definitely not worth it above $20."
,Not Recommended,273350,14470472,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,STARSBarry,This is a great game.if today was opposites day
76561198112952292,Recommended,273350,20912294,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Breathing Light,Really fun game! A lot of people are just nit-picking the game apart finding tiny little things that are wrong with the game but nothing is perfect. The only thing I think they need to do now is add about 8 new maps and it would be amazing! :)
,Not Recommended,273350,16837956,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Idioteque126678,"Possibly one of the worst games I've played to this day.Balance? Don't worry, it doesn't exist. If hunters have good communication against any monster, and all of the hunters have abilities that go hand in hand, they're invincible. No way to take them down, or win any objectives.Price? Only $60. I'm just ♥♥♥♥ing kidding, there are ~23 individual $5 skins, and about 3-4 $7 skins... not too horrible, assuming you dont give a single♥♥♥♥♥♥about skins, like me.BUT WAIT! Theres more! Want any other hunters to add more depth and variation to the game? Just pay $50 more! Don't worry, there's more to come in the future, so you can hopefully all the money you like on CHARACTERS THAT SHOULD ALREADY HAVE BEEN IN THE GAME WITH NO PRICE WHAT SO EVER.P.S. Evolve creator-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, thank you for following in EA's footsteps by creating yet another hype failure that was falsely advertised, wasting peoples money.Sincerely, A♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off gamer who'd like the future of gaming not to be ruined by little original content, with pricey DLC that costs more than the game itself, to ""improve"" the game."
76561197993314243,Not Recommended,273350,14430639,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Ezumin,Game does not work with an ultra wide screen monitor (22:9 aspect ratio).   It does not work for eyefinity either.  The vert is not right and the menus oversized.  I could not even get into the game's menu until I plugged in an older monitor.
,Recommended,273350,19672481,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Ikit Claw,"it is an actual grand ♥♥♥♥ing game, if youre not a whiny complaining ♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,273350,14422507,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,FrontlinerDelta,"Evolve is the first original, creative multiplayer game to come along in quite awhile. Developed by Left 4 Dead studio, Turtle Rock, it precisely nails that same great coop feeling while adding a very competitive edge to every battle by letting one other person take control of a nightmarish alien monster.The gameplay is solid, the performance is great, and there are lots of videos EVERYWHERE with hours of gameplay footage. They did not hide anything about this game during development, so definitely look up some videos if you want to see what's it like.If you are sick of sequelitis and generic shooters, Evolve will be just the game for you. But if you are looking for a non-stop action, twitch shooter, this isn't it. It's more strategy and tactics than it is about your ability to aim your gun."
76561198073961258,Recommended,273350,14551015,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Scanova the Carnotaurus,"I love this game. I will tone down on the complaints and my complaints. Now im not gunna explain how the game is awesome cause i dont want this review to drag on. Basically everything I dont say is good. You can also see Totalbiscuit's WTF is vid on Evolve since he has a similar opinion as me.1-Just another titanfall-NO, evolve has an extensive lvling up system as well as the gameplay really isnt boring for the msot part. I played nothing but goliath for 24 hours of gameplay time and sitll wasnt bored.2-Walking Simulator-If ur a good hunter you can find the monster atleast before stage 3 (except Wraith)3-Wraith OP-fully agree with this, tbh i find plaiyng Wraith in multiplayer scummy4-DLC IS BAD ERMEGURD-I dont even want to talk about. Totalbiscuit's opinion on the matter is pretty much the same as mine.5-more often then not ur paired up with people who dont coordinate-Ive so far always atleast had one person communicating with me in matchmaking at all times. So yaNow as said before the only balance Issue is with wraith. She's far 2 quick with he 3-warp cyclone of speed, not to mention there's almost no way to counter the decoy. Also the things u have to do in order to lvl up charactors can get counter-intuitive and very grindy (ex-do 80k dmg to midair hunters with firebreath). Also, the only preorder exclusive is for preordering at prestop (ticked off i got no terminator Daisy).Hope this clears things up to some people."
,Not Recommended,273350,24068916,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Daddy FINGER,I want my money back
,Not Recommended,273350,14922797,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Claudinho,"At first, when I saw this on BETA, I got so amazed by the idea of the game that I URGED to buy it as fast as I could, even the price being a little salty (R$ 99,00 or $50,00).My first hours of play were terrific! What an atmospheric envolving game, I couldn't wait to unlock every character and master their abilities! And in this mix of excitment and discovery, I played my first 10 hours.Thats when things start to turn.... When I got round 15h , I started thinking I was playing the same match everytime a new game was set... But it is not like DOTA, you know? While playing DOTA, I feel like every match there is something to inovate, even if it is the SAME map, and a relatively limited pool of heroes to pick. I started playing that ♥♥♥♥n game 8 years ago and still I get excited every time a  new match takes place.With Evolve, well... Let's put it like that: Imagine playing dota with a set of 15 Heroes instead of 107, each with 4 skills that can only be upgraded 3 times through your WHOLE game history and are pretty much VERY alike.It completely lacks of maps, characters, more things happening on the map, more gear, different skins, different ways to play ,etc.. It  demands elements that make you feel  like ya are playing a different thing everytime!!Man, it got so repetitive that I just can't look to that game Icon without getting bored! ( true story)So , shortening:PROS: The game has an AMAZING Idea, and IF implemented with more content ( MUCH MORE CONTENT) it will be just terrific!CONS: The price is not  consistent with what the game has to offer, NOT. AT. ALL.Recomendation: If ya have da munny and nothing else to do on the next 10 hours, go on, have some fun! Still, know that It will get boring, real soon."
,Recommended,273350,14992253,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Ç³ ™,"Don't just read the reviews out there!Get your hands on a copy of Evolve right now!Definitely one of the few most intense coop-FPS genre you can ever find!Get your buddies together, as the four of you either serve the monster as dinner hot, or be left out in the wild cold.Not much of a teamplayer and more of a trash-your-team-play person? Monster is ready to rekt the hunters."
,Not Recommended,273350,23300450,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,J∆X,"Totally f*cked up game. :S Expected a game experience like in L4D2, but it's just not working well. The balance, the mood of the game. It could have been a good opportunity. It feels bad to be a monster in the game, because you are alone, and it feels antisocial, that you have to fight alone against other teams, they are chasng you. The chace is also boring and plain."
,Recommended,273350,15122698,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,[TPZ] Cereal Killer,"About The GameEvolve is developed by Turtle Rock Studio's, the same guys behind Left 4 Dead so you know there's going to be a lot of similarities between this & Left 4 Dead, Evolve is also published by 2K Software.Evolve is very similar in the experiences of Left 4 Dead versus mode in that there are 4 Hunters put against 1 strong enemy monster which depending on the game mode & monster chosen varies in abilities & strength.StoryThis game is purely based on Multiplayer experience so there's very little in the way of story.There are a total of 16 stock Hunters (20 if you own the Hunting Party DLC Pack) that have been hired to eliminate an alien threat which has been disturbed by the human inhabitants who have found planet Shear.Gameplay:Evolve's highly reliant on it's solid Gameplay which consists of different things, mainly the Cat & Mouse, chase & be chased gameplay mechanic which you WILL spend a lot of time doing.There are 2 teams for you to choose from:Team Hunterwhich consists of 4 different class types:Medic:The Medic is obvious, this is the teams only healing source & if the Medic dies then you're more or less going to lose, especially if you're playing PvP.Assault:Assault class is the guy who attempts to take the front lines & deal the most damage as well as absorbing the most damage, Assault has a very devistating arsenal at their finger tips.Support:Support is the teams saftey net & is the main protector of the team even above the Medic as the Medic is ususally the one at the back of the group. Support generally carrys some form of shield, sometimes a peice of tracking equipment to spot the monster & an escape method incase things go bad for the team, your team can rely on the Support to get them out of there.Tracker:The Tracker is the guy who will be ahead of the team in the early stages of the game trying to locate & track down the monster, the tracker has heightened senses allowing you to spot foot prints or other tracks left by the monster other classes can see these but the tracker can see them at a greater distence, even when the monster goes into stealth, the tracker also has a large selection of tools to help aid the Hunters, the tracker has access to a force field grenade which generates a fair sized cage to trap a monster in so your team can attempt to kill or deal a large amount of hurt on the monster.Team Monsterwhich consists of only 1 player that has 3 different types of monsters (4 with the DLC) to choose from each with it's own set of unique abilities & fighting types.Goliath:Is the strength class which consists of getting up close and personal with heavy damage hitting melee attacks, powerful throwing & slamming abilities & fire breath to scorch the earth. The Goliath has the largest shield out of the 3 base monsters.Kraken:Is the flying monster, the Kraken relys on it's fast flying speed & electricity in order to destroy the Hunters. As well as lightening the Kraken can set up traps to help damage unsuspecting hunters to put some hurt on them & then quickly zapping them with your lightening abilities to spread some confussion.Wrath:Is the stealth monster, the Wrath relys on it's ability to spread confussion amongst the hunters with it's doppleganger skill & cloaking abilities to get away from the fight. The Wrath uses special stealth abilities that help it split the team up & it's lightening fast reflexes to quickly dispatch lone hunters before silently slipping away.Bohemith:Is another heavy damage dealing class similar to the Goliath. It relys on rolling to escape the hunters.Evolve has some very repeatative gamemodes & although they're pretty much the same thing over and over again, run around to find the monster that's running away from you trying to eat & evolve & attempt to kill it or run to point A destroy target A, rinse and repeat, it has at least for me some form of charm about it that keeps me continuing to play. I think it's the high reliance on teamplay & CO-OP that is what has me stuck in the game the whole time.Other than running around chasing the monster or destroying/protecting eggs or saving/killing survivors, etc there's not really much else you're doing yet. I'm sure there will be a DLC in the future & with it will come new game modes or possibly even a true story mode.The Verdict:The game is good in what it trys to do, bring the feel of Left 4 Dead versus only with 1 monster against 4 others, serverly outnumbers but not completely outgunned. I enjoy Evolve to a great amount especially with friends, YOU ARE GOING TO WANT FRIENDS!The Good & The Bad:Evolve is subjected to HEAVY controversy due to 2K & Turtle Rock's high focus on DLC & the infamous quote from the CEO ""Evolve is built from the ground up to support DLC content for the future"".True there is a lot of DLC & when i say a lot i really mean A LOT of DLC, but the DLC isn't needed nor is it going to make any of the slightest difference if you own it or not, this is not an EA Pay2Win game, most of the DLC is cosmetic & has no affect on gameplay whatsoever so don't feel pressured by the DLC statement.Stepping aside from the obvious reason to avoid Evolve you can see a different side to the game.The high focus on CO-OP between the Hunters & the very polish game that was released is something that's very rare to find in modern gaming, this game has only had 3 patches so far which is very unusual for a game that's been out over a few months. (Keep in mind i haven't owned it for the full time of release & only have the ""Standard Edition"" game.The game feels very balanced Monsters aren't overpowered but neither are the Hunters and without good stratergy & team work from the Hunters the game can go from good to bad in an instant.Key Points:High focus on Cooperation between the Hunters.Stunning visuals brought to life by the glory of the CryEngineHigh polish straight out the gate.Strong balancing which can be changed by ingame settings.Single Player AI for if you don't want to play online or if you want private matches with friends only.Take a break function for those players who have to go AFK ingame so you never lose due to inactive team members.Good gameplay which even though repeats a lot is still enjoyable after multiple plays.Cosmetic DLC which isn't Pay2Win DLC & is NOT needed to make the game playable or fair.Unkey Points:Cat & Mouse gameplay.For those who don't like running around in circles for a good half an hour to an hour this can be a deal breaker.Unscrupulous DLC.Let's face it this DLC isn't really needed & the only reason it's in there is so that the Publisher can make more money from the game.Repeating scenarios in gameplay.Like i said for me this isn't an issue for me but for someone who doesn't like this kind of thing it can be a huge deal breaker.The Games Price.The price of the game itself is crazy but to throw in DLC with it you're easily looking at about $200US plus, for us that'd easily be over $500AU for ALL the content.Do I Recommend This Game?:In all honesty yes i recommend this game.HOWEVERi warn you that you will want to make sure this game is right for you before you purchase it, the only reason i did was because it was on special for $60US which to us that's $80AU before that it was over $100AUThere was a lot of mixed feelings in the beginning of my purchase & i wasn't 100% sure it was worth the rediculous price it has on it, & honestly i still think i paid WAY too much for it. Sure it's good but it's not worth $80 to me, $50 would be a more generous price range.Turtle Rock & 2K drop this game to $40US and then you will have a very well selling game for a good price."
76561197984336926,Not Recommended,273350,14416239,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,not a car,This game is good? yes but if compare to LFD...LFD is a lot better than this game. You will waste 80% of time running around finding monster zzzz....
,Not Recommended,273350,14644048,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Hype,Bad game. Lack of content no replayability
76561197976349243,Not Recommended,273350,14648279,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,basco,"too expensive for repetitive gameplay with balancing problems and same looking maps with no sense of player progression.you can buy a ""coloured weapon"" for real money-no thanks.fun for 2 hours and next please."
76561198051073196,Recommended,273350,14802262,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,GeneralSic,"I wish the game was more like the Alpha and Beta. Here is a list of reasons why I LOVE the game, and a list of reasons why I HATE the game:Love:-Insanely good graphics-The concept is original-Playing as the monster OR the hunters, awesome-You can play with, or against your friends-Create your own custom game with friends, do solo, with a partner, etc.-Character Commentary is funny and highly interesting-The wild life can make or break a match-Wraith's abduction: Awesome-The 3 stars for each character for each item takes a long time. Makes you play it more. I like that about the game.Hate:-Jet Pack is a joke. The Jet Pack was actually better in the Alpha and Beta than in the actual game-So many things are over-powered (Example: Wraith's Clone, The Kraken, Minions, etc)-Speaking of minions, they have automatic targeting (it feels like) for rock throw. Nearly impossible to dodge. Also, they go after the medic first, ALWAYS.-The A.I. in Rescue is a joke. They often times take the loooooong way around, or they won't stand by the extraction point-The Wraith and Kraken in Rescue almost ALWAYS win, because the survivors are always placed the furthest distance from you, with little chance for you to successfully save them; especially since Lazarus isn't able to revive them after they die-Basically, Rescue is completely broken. Good concept, poor execution-The ""stikes"" you receive after you are revived from being knocked down are ridiculous. Once the monster hits stage 3, and you have 2 strikes, you survive MAYBE one hit. What's the point? Might as well give up if your whole team has strikes. Lazarus is the ONLY medic that is able to remove strikes, but you have to go down or die completely first.-Speaking of Lazarus, he really has little advantage to him. His Lazarus device takes too long to recharge, and his cloak lasts maybe a tenth of the length of the Support's cloak. Also, if you're lit on fire by the Goliath, as Lazarus, the cloak doesn't do you any good regardless.-Daisy is only good for tracking and reviving. She does NOTHING to aggressive wild life, nor does she assist you against the monster. Although, in the game, her species attack you. This makes NO sense.-Bucket is highly under-powered. He is the least effective character in the game. He is really only good for Nest. His rockets do very little damage.-Abe's stasis grenades have little to no effect on the wraith, since the wraith can warp straight through them.-Griffin's harpoon only stops the creature until it breaks free. All other traps either drastically slow down the monster, or bring them to earth. The harpoon should be able to bring down the monster, especially Kraken.-Hyde's toxic grenades slow your run speed down drastically. Why? What's the logic?-Kraken's Lightening Strike has WAY too wide of a radius. I have been a good amount of distance away, and still have 25% of my health reduced. It's a lightening strike, why is there so much damage outside the point of impact?-Kraken's Aftershock serves very little purpose. No hunter will go near the Kraken, so why does the Kraken require a close-up attack? Besides, the radius of the after shock is extremely small to be effective; it isn't hard to get away from, nor does it do much damage-The game crashes at least once every time I start it up-The game window minimizes in the middle of battles. EXTREMELY frustrating-I never had an issue with Steam disconnecting so much, until Evolve came out-The Skins are incredibly expensive, and are not very appealing for hunters-Speaking of skins, the Hunter's skins are only on the weapons. It's boring, you never look at the weapons! Why not change the look of the characters, like you do with the monsters? A lot of missed logic in this game, and missed opportunities-The game was rushed to be released, that's all you can say about it-There were 3 events for P.C. for the game to be tested and have ample feedback. It feels like the feedback went straight into the recycling bin.-Game freezes, sometimes, after Evacuation is over-Level 40 is way too easy to achieve; therefore, evacuation feels half as interesting once you reach level 40.-You can't play just rescue, nest, or defend like you can with hunt on PVP-In the opening trailer of the game, you can't sit in mid-air with your jetpack like you do in the opening sequence, nor can do you those fun maneauvers.-The pounce from the monster can get you from mid air, or even if you're not directly in front of it. It's easier to pounce a hunter than it is to pounce wild life-You cannot vote to kick players out of your lobby for a game.-When you drop back into the battle area, from the drop ship after dying, it takes FOREVER. By this time, the monster has enough time to eat, evolve, and eat more; OR the monster has time to do whatever it wants, including kill the other hunters. You would think that you would hurry up to try and save your fellow hunters. Instead, they casually sit in the drop ship, waiting to drop. The bay doors casually open.-The monster can ""rage quit"" a game if they appear to be losing, not costing them an actual loss. This is unfair on the leaderboards, as the monster is not subject to a loss via leaving mid game. Same with hunters.-Weapons are not modifiable: You can't add scopes, attachments, etc.-In the hints, it is mentioned that the weapons are so advanced, that they reload themselves if you switch to another item. Yet, the jetpack barely gives you any fuel, nor can you actually just sit in mid air. Speaking of which, when you're getting attacked by the monster, it is nearly impossible to jetback up a cliff because the delay is way too long. Also, climbing a cliff doesn't always guarantee you will successfully get to the top without fuel, like the game specifically states you can do. Overall, the jetpack is the ONE thing that needs to be fixed above all other things."
76561198094507916,Recommended,273350,29873159,Posted: 12 February,all,Ravenshoe99,"I held off playing this game because of all the negative reviews, but I was bored and thought - free, sure why not.I have never played the original, so perhaps I'm missing some huge differences, but I'm telling you now that this game is fun!  I have no idea where all the hate is coming from.  As a co-op game it's very different to the normal FPS which is great!The only problem I have is that no one is playing this thing, so trying to find a server is nearly impossible at the moment.Honestly, pick this game up.  It's free so why not.  The microtransactions are there but not intrusive in any way.  They're more skins than anything else.  You will like this game."
76561198247315048,Recommended,273350,29865330,Posted: 11 February,all,Seaweed,this game just isnt very well optmized and dont expect to just run it on a lower end pc but none the less its fun
,Not Recommended,273350,24569023,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Vintage Scrub Lord,"This game never really worked well for my computer, despite my computer having all the recomended specs. I didnt have the option to return it, because I guess you can't return games you spent more than two hours on, most of that time was loading screens.I spent $50 on this, and now its a free to play. I'd rather get a refund than ""Founders"" thingy, since I can use that money to by a game that I would enjoy more."
,Recommended,273350,12748133,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,[G]Rave,This game is amazing experience in H&S like games. Try it out!
76561198100777976,Recommended,273350,14604581,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,ianianianian,"Okay so at first I told myself i wouldn't buy it because of these DLC negative reviews.  My buddy got this game and told me it was really fun, so I gave in and bought the $60.  This game is honestly so fun, from hunting down the monster, to being it.  Being the monster is so fun, after you beat a squad of hunters you feel great.  Would definetely rec. ignore the DLC♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,273350,14524581,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,House,"Graphics can be a buggy, sound can be choppy, and teammates can be uncoordinated; but Evolve is still a really fun game."
76561197995709697,Recommended,273350,24323384,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Moojuice,"Really good game. It is in beta stage and the devs trying to balance really hard and push out patches. Give it a try and don't stop after being defeated by a monster 5 times. Learn playing together and don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about salty losers that blame you for losing the game.Game modes will come back after revision.The game was altered a little to get it easier for beginners and has a lower learning curve than Legacy Evolve, although it is hard to master and can be pretty complex if you dive deep into the matter.I don't like all the changes but I am getting used to it and it is getting better and better after playing a hand full of matches."
,Not Recommended,273350,14421181,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Styke,100$ preorder because I had faith 2k wouldn't screw this up.
,Recommended,273350,14424870,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Bi-o-hazard,great game for having fun with friendsyou can feel powerfull as an almighty monster or team togther and hunt down a very angry (and not at all funny) monster
76561197970058283,Not Recommended,273350,25403777,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Sexi Pepsi,"feeling quite ripped, one of the players who payed full price for this game and to see that its free now is quite a slap in a face....."
,Recommended,273350,14479277,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Kombin3,"I'll start by saying normally I don't write reviews. However after seeing all the negative bashing its receiving, I'll take my chances at being flamed and I'll go ahead and throw in my opinion.Bottom line is, is this game worth $60? Depends on what you expect. Like L4D,  the game is repetitive after awhile, however the replayability comes with the different scenarios and situations you can get yourself involved into. The base line is you as a hunter, will chase the monster, some games you'll catch him early, some games you won't. The scenario changes if you enroute get eaten by a man-eating-plant, and suddenly your team is one man short, or two if they send someone to retrieve you, so you don't get so far behind the monster losing most of your time. Or if you aggro one of the wonderfully aggressive, and frequent animals that are around the maps. Choices in characters come into play depending on one of four classes, each that have 3 choices within each class itself, assault, trapper, support, or medic.As the monster, you will be running during the beginning of the game, if you don't like that concept, don't buy the game. You're goal here is to evade, and eat the local wildlife as to gain armor, and evolve until hopefully stage 2 or 3, when you can actually, 1) take a hit, 2) deal some good damage to the hunters that are no doubt on your rear. Also amusing, is letting them catch up to you right by a super agressive powerful wildlife, taking their attention off of you for a few moments allowing you to catch your breath, or gain enough distance to evolve without worrying about being locked in animation taking damage. Does the game have enough content to be worth $60 by itself? I don't think so. Does it have enough replayability to be worth $60? To me? Entirely. I thoroughly enjoy the game, I haven't had any negative games thus far, however I am aware they are out there.Regarding the DLC bashing, if you look, the DLC is all skins. Optional Skins. They've stated that future maps will be free of charge, thus far the only thing costing money are skins, so all the bashing about day 1 DLC, I wouldn't even classify as DLC since while it may be content, its not adding anything meaningful to the game. It doesn't alter the game play in any way, doesn't give an advantage, it's there if you want to look different. I'm perfectly content playing on my base version of the game without it, and getting my moneys worth.I'm really surprised at the negative bashing its received over this type of DLC, since I've seen games released on Day 1 with DLC that alters the game in huge ways, such as weapons or powerups. Regardless, I'm thoroughly happy with my purchase, even at $60. If you want to wait til it price drops, I couldn't blame you, but I'm all about wanting to get into it now so I don't mind paying a little bit more to save myself months of time waiting for it. Hopefully this will enlighten someone whos thinking about purchasing it, but is just seeing all the hate.Have fun, and good luck!"
76561198065884401,Recommended,273350,14654018,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,EatsBraaains,"While I do agree DLC is a joke, the actual game is fun and keeps you coming back.  If you have friends, unlike me, the magnitude of fun jumps ten fold, or so ive been told.  I also agree to wait for a sell.  I feel $45 is the perfect price."
76561198119604970,Recommended,273350,24769803,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,darkside Dragon,this is awesome but kinda sucks that it is free now when i spent 60 bucks on it on release
76561198058997209,Recommended,273350,14470559,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Notlok,This is a Great game if you ever liked playing juggernaught on halo this is right up your alley. As for the day 1 dlc people stfu its skins league and dota have it who cares? If you don't want to pay a couple bucks for a skin don't. The art team finishes well before the dev teams in game developement this is what they do when they get bored and 99% of it would never have been put in the game so why not let them make a little extra money? Don't down vote a game for that♥♥♥♥♥♥its not worth it. Judge it on the game play which is really fun but communication is very important between the hunters. Your composition of hunters changes your strategy as does the map and your gamemode.
76561198072604105,Recommended,273350,14483617,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Beast Mastese,"Great game, despite the bad press on DLC pricing (which is wierd considering this isn'trarein this day and age. Seems like most people have skewed their reviews based on an attempt to make an example out of Take2. It's really a shame as the reviews would be completely different if they simply held back the DLC period.Anyway, I endorse the experience completely. It's uniquely engaging and a fun addition to my library. My recommendation is that you check out some live streams and decide for yourself.Hope to see you out there!"
76561198040941815,Recommended,273350,26043833,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Ghoost,"This game is AWESOME, but they should nerf behemoth. He has too much health"
,Recommended,273350,24226483,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,[SMC] Raptor,"It's more or less the same game it was before, only now it's F2P. Everything (and I do mean EVERYTHING) can be unlocked via grinding the in-game currency. Perks can be stacked to increase their bonuses accordingly, leaving some worthless and others essentially must-use-all-the-time.MostAll game modes except for hunt have been disabled outside of custom matches, every class can now use the arena dome on a team-wide cooldown and it's also automatically placed so no more worries about your trapper missing it and screwing the team.Also, popular streamers are randomly being given enough coins to unlock everything in the game (Or so I assume - they're being given 100k which sounds like more than a little bit). Not entirely sure how to think about that considering the matchmaking seems to be solely based on your account XP level, and much like founder accounts, having everything from the start against new players can be more than slightly broken, particularly if you've played the game before it went F2P.I should also note founders don't have every perk unlocked and maxed at the start while streamers can and no doubt do once they're given their coins. Don't expect to just throw up a twitch channel and get free coins though, they only seem to do it for 'popular' streamers.Matchmaker is consistently breaking for me as well. Either leaving me at a screen with 4 slots showing ""player found"", or COMPLETELY breaking after a match and not even giving me menu options to leave/quit aside from alt+f4.Fixed in a patch.Couple potential issues:-You can literally go AFK as the monster and have the AI take over for you. I understand the reasoning behind this but it can often wreck unskilled teams, and sometimes even good ones.""Take a break"" removed due to abusing it for free grinding.-There is no penalty whatsoever for leaving a match early. Losing horribly to a premade group of hunters? Alt+F4! Good monster got you on the ropes? Quit and it's like it never happened! They've also disabled joining games in progress, so if a non-host leaves it's presumably taken over by the AI, and if the host leaves, well, that match never happened."
,Recommended,273350,14628265,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,five man,"If you can look past the DLC that will inevitably drop in price, Evolve on it's own is a beautifully polished and complete game. It runs amazingly well for a Cryengine game and really tries to force you to be a team player.As far as balance is concerned, if you are a good monster, you will win a huge percentage of games, because of the inexperience of the new playerbase as hunters. However, a well coordinated group of hunters (especially premades) can blow apart monsters with smart play.I have enjoyed Evolve moreso than any other game in the past several years. Is it worth the $60? Hell yes. The DLC? Wait on that. It's not nearly necessary, requiring not only you to learn new characters but also everybody you are playing with/against. It's also not on sale yet."
76561197961083726,Recommended,273350,14612294,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,]L.S.L[ Darkn3ss,Evolve is an amazing new kind of game that really worth to play. Experience on multiplayer game or solo game is a little bit quite different. I have written an annoucement on my group to help steam community (or other players) to review the game by themselve. And they can decide or not to play this wonderful game.Again thank you TRS! And I hope there will be new DLC and maybe new modes very soon as you have always done with L4D series ;-)!Here is the announcement:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/survivantslimougeauds#announcements/detail/159087149759106025I strongly recommende this game for those who love strong cooperation teamate feelings and to hide and seek like when we were children! ;-)Enjoy!!
,Recommended,273350,14415625,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Very Buttery Bread,"Just like Left 4 Dead, but with more strategic thinking. If you don't know what Left 4 Dead is, it's a zombie game where 3 guys and a girl survive in the zombie apocolypse."
76561198045992515,Not Recommended,273350,14523880,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,RepresentTexas,"As a huge fan of Left4Dead, I have to admit that I was more than excited after the Evolve reveal.The game itself can be very fun, challenging and a unique experience.However, I have some major issues that have me regrtetting the $100 price tag that I paid.1) During the alpha AND beta, it was reported numerous times that the game won't even launch in 5760x1080 setups. The menus are cut off. There is no 1080 window mode either. So the options for any eyeinfinty players is to either completely disconnect two monitors and reboot each time you want to play...at 1080. Or, use  window mode and play in a tiny little box on one screen out of 3. The fact that they launced the game with this issue proves (to me at least) that the company doesn't really care about the end user experience. Almost every new game now comes with eyenifinty support..it's a simple fix for the menu screens. No excuses other than laziness.2) The DLC gouging is strong in this one. I was willing to let this go for the sake of a awesome overall experience..however it has been very subpar.3) Random disconnects, unable to connect to server, system crashes (in a pretty stable system).4) I hate that when you select a preffered class...even if the same people stay in one room, you are randomly switched to other classes.Overall...there may be some sacving of this game but honestly I'm not holding my breathe. The developers don't seem to care very much. Their responce to the multi monitor complaints was, ""We need to buy another monitor to test it."" Don't work too hard fellas."
76561198168677489,Not Recommended,273350,14529732,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Joe Welcome,"The only 2 games I've ever written a review about were Simcity 5 and EVOLVE.Ridiculous amount of lag, for the ridiculous price tag.Tried to look past the bad animations and say it was worth the money but this is a giant piece of ♥♥♥♥ing garbage.This is the 13th time I've been lagged out of a match!!(EDIT) 15th time.(EDIT) 16th time.aaand another 3-4 0 times. yep, ♥♥♥♥ing worst game I've bought in a long time.Yes it was fun for a while but was it worth $100? Not even close guys... This is the sort of thing you pay $20 for. And no, I am not a regular hardcore indie gamer. I like CS, Quake, Starcraft 2. Those games, I'd pay $100 for because of excellent netcode and gameplay. But THIS WAS THE BIGGEST WASTE OF MONEY AND BANDWHITH EVER.p.s. 32gb download... that's 32% of my 100gb a month plan LOL/rage"
76561198027983867,Not Recommended,273350,29704483,Posted: 4 February,all,Dtren,Creaters had the mental capacity of a headless chicken. Made every wrong choice possible with this game. Couldn't have screwed it over more.
76561198143007650,Recommended,273350,29629615,Posted: 1 February,all,kamilex123,maybe english
76561198010265763,Not Recommended,273350,27435107,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Annatar,"Nope."" YOU NOMINATED THIS GAME FOR:THE “BEST USE OF A FARM ANIMAL” AWARD """
,Not Recommended,273350,29145184,Posted: 9 January,all,Hostile Hippo,"I was able to play this game in Alpha and in Beta and I loved it, even though its flaws. I just assumed those issues were a part of the alpha and beta builds, however when the game actually released these problems were still present.Like many, I was one of the people who invested into this game, because it was a fun and new concept for a game, and I loved it. Unfortunately the game probably had one of the worst releases ever and not much changed from Alpha to Beta to release. The amount of money you had to invest into the game just to get new characters or monsters was absurd so of course new players didn’t want any part of that (a lot of my friends were uninterested because the price wasn’t worth the content you were receiving). I still played it and enjoyed my time playing it, until matching making was near impossible.Then the game became free-to-play and there was hope that the game would be the game it should have been since day 1, but sadly it also flopped. Founders were poorly rewarded for supporting the game and a lot of the game modes and content were removed all together. From a founder’s point of view, I believed a lot in this game only to be greatly disappointed and eventually just stopped playing all together.As much as I loved this game, and enjoyed playing it, I would not recommend it, especially since it is no longer being worked on. To summarize my experience with the game, it was like losing a close friend, it sucks, but sometimes you just have to move on."
76561198068893064,Recommended,273350,29866812,Posted: 11 February,all,Jackmrtn,free version of evolve. its lit.
76562819183345471,Recommended,273350,29684811,Posted: 3 February,all,Ja­r­rod,Very ♥♥♥♥♥ game
76561198067293748,Recommended,273350,18049589,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,... HEY,"I would recommend this game in a heartbeat. The experience i get from this game isnt the... greatest, or the most attuned, but i have a bad laptop for playing this game, so i can give ome honest advice.The game is quite good, despite the mixed reviews people give it. The graphics are tremendous, gameplay aspects are great, balancing efforts from monster to a team of hunters could get a little touch up (LOOKING AT YOU, WRAITH!!!), and overall, its one of the higher games ranked in my steam library.If theres any more questions people looking to buy the game, but are just on the edge of going through with it, I really recommend pcking this game up."
76561198043770355,Recommended,273350,18047624,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Marijamez,This Game is really fun. Dispite there being dlc it has no effect on the game itself. The game itself has great graphics and really good gameplay definately worth the money and fun to play with friends
,Recommended,273350,24262764,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,MoorkieD,"This game is so good.I love when I play as the monster and sneek away from the hunters right under their noses.It's so amusing.Even if you play alone you will enjoy it, trust me it worth it."
,Not Recommended,273350,14524682,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Danky McDankFace,"Day 1 DLC just to unlock all the monsters and hunters. What a joke. $60 game and you only get access to 2/3rds of it on release. You then have to spend an additional $25 (if you didn't get the $80 version) to have access to the other 1/3rd of the game. Which you still have to unlock. Also for the low price of $1.99 you can buy weapon skins that will turn your gun from brown to blue.This game is also more buggy on release then it was in closed beta. You will get stuck in loading screens ""waiting on other players to load"" and your mouse will randomly disappear on you.This is nothing more than a cash cow. Stay away from it."
76561198037693798,Recommended,273350,14421329,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Not Normal,"Despite the cancerous business practices of 2K, its still a fun game :/"
,Recommended,273350,29725371,Posted: 5 February,all,CDO Kamsteel,nice meme
,Recommended,273350,29424179,Posted: 22 January,all,Fawkeens,"Game seems to have server problems sometimes, nevertheless it is still awesome :)!"
,Recommended,273350,29415055,Posted: 21 January,all,Chicken Nugger,i got into the game to play with some friends but when ever i try to do anything it just says that i have no internet or im not signed in and i know i have great internet so how do i sign in is the question
76561198342592403,Recommended,273350,29508629,Posted: 26 January,all,Darz,Game is good but the community is dead so no online matches.
76561198008119753,Recommended,273350,24180160,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Simba,Free to play
,Recommended,273350,24189400,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Survivakiwi,WHAT THE HELL I BOUGHT THE HUNTING SEASON PASS FOR $45 AND THESE ♥♥♥♥♥♥S JUST GO LETS MAKE THE GAME FREE!
,Recommended,273350,14643487,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,FierachUrechi,"First of all, I do recommend this game.Lets start with its problems. Day one DLC is one big problem that I think TRS should fire its entire marketing department for. Much of it was poorly worded, and gave the wrong impression to  gamers. The skins that are avaliable generally don't change the look of the characters that much, although given the complexity of the character models I'm not surprised, just disappointed. However, TRS does intend to keep supporting this game, and I will back them on that.Balance problems. Wraith is a balance problem. TRS has stated they will release a balance patch, and given that the rest of the game's balance is almost perfect, I trust that they'll do well with the balancing act.Complexity. This is a mixed bag. The monsters and hunters are all easy to learn, hard to master completely. To an inexperienced eye, the maps can feel the same, but the veteran can pick out engagement locations, suitable arenas that favor hunter or monster, common feeding locations, and places to find buffs for an advantage. This is not going to be a casual gamer's game. To win as the Hunters, one requires adequate knowledge of not just their own role, but the roles of their partners, and to coordinate with them. To win as the Monster, one requires knowledge of the limits of their creature, and the ability to outthink not one, but four enemies.Story. Evolve does not have a traditional campaign, but the banter between the characters hints at a rich lore and universe behind the game. The casual player or team who picks the same characters over and over again may be bored by the repetitive banter they come across, but if you branch out just a little bit, you can find ancedotes, tales, and tidbits of story that flesh out each character beautifully and tantalizingly. I fully expect the story to grow and expand, and I look forward to it.Yes, Evolve has its problems. It may not be worth its 60 dollar price tag, it may be the same repetitive crap over and over again in a game (in the opinions of some), but let me ask you this. Have you really thought about it? How much money has the common gamer spent on ""free to play"" games like League of Legends, Planetside 2, Warframe, Mechwarrior Online? Aren't the activities in those games just as repetitive (and don't get me started on one of the most-played FPS games of all time, Counterstrike, and its maps de_dust and de_dust2).Ultimately, Evolve is uniquely in a category all of its own. TRS has created one of the best assymetrical battle systems ever in a game. Like any uniquely new game, it will have growing pains, but from what I've seen, I look forward to its growth."
76561198119683940,Not Recommended,273350,29133569,Posted: 8 January,all,ThePenIsMightier,"I LOVED this gamesince it came out in 2015 i played and loved the huntit was truly impressive how thrilling it could bethen came Stage 2now instead of dozens of maps, you get 2-3 that are similar in design and very smallthe matches are just running after each otherno hide and seek, no hunting, just 'fast paced action' that is nothing more than an unbalanced shooter gamethe different game modes are gone too: no defend; no real hunt, just these small maps, which could very well be 'big arena' mode; overcharge or whatever that lets you have multiple buffs- so finding a rare creature is not actually rare anymore, but of course still no Tyrant; arena is back but it entirely comes down to which side is favoured by the map you get, the skill of either side is irrelevant (again 2-3 maps)they changed a lot of classes and abilities for 'easier'  use, so that inexperienced players would not be helplessmost of these changes are useful actually, except those that replaced my favourite abilities with useless and boring thingsbut they havent fixed the original flaw of the game, that was the product of the DLC nature of Stage 1BALANCEBehemoth was the prime example of pay to win;the original 3 monsters were balanced: strength, speed, utilitythey worked, the hunt was exciting, the hunters could work together and form an unbeatable unitthen new monsters and characters were introduced and they were OP by definition so players would buy themthey are still unbalanced to this daynobody likes playing a game that is unfair to them"
76561198233498516,Recommended,273350,24337812,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,memeboi extremeboi,"I love this game. I loved it when it wasn't free, and I admire the transition. it's a fun game, and with some practice, you can dominate as any and all roles."
76561198062679938,Recommended,273350,24604641,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,ThomasTNT,"This game is Fantastic.Okay i will not hide it from anyone, this game did cost money, i know i paid for it, and you know what? i would do it again.it is no secret that ""Evolve Stage 2"" has been the targer for some ppl who did not see the word ""BETA"" so they instantly though it was a perfect AAA game.... expecting 0 bugs, the first 2 days this game was out F2P, it was really bugge, however now it is Very hard to find a bug.so let me round it up for you, This is a good game that had a bad start, Even if that is not enough to make you belive me, well download it. it is Free to play. prove me wrong, Prove to me it is a trash game. when i bough it a long time ago, i was hooked from day 1.now i will no longer try to talk you into downloading the game, if you still don't belive me, and still don't want to ATLEAST give it 1 chance. then i am fine with it. but i am telling you this is a game woth trying, even though it is Free 2 Play. it is still worth the 60 Euro i paid when i bough it the first time. before free 2 play.still not convinced ? well i give up, either you can't read or you are 1 of those ppl, that thinks a BETA needs to be ""PERFECT"". that is it from me, if i had to choose for you? Give it a chance. at the very least."
76561198010271977,Recommended,273350,24290506,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Dragonfang122,"Awesome game. Played the beta. Play it on launch. Will continue to play it. If you havent given it a chance, get three or four friends together, download it together, play together. Its fun, its free and its a great game all and all. Give it a chance and youll be impressed. And on the off chance you arent. Its free. you didnt lose anything. Enjoy the game! If you need a friend to play with, Hit me up! always looking to play with new people!"
,Not Recommended,273350,25371620,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Jaden Yuki,"Ladies and Gentlemen, if you're looking for a way to waste money and time, then congratulations! You hit the jackpot with this game.The thieves of this age called 2K and TRS present you their try for resurrection of a dead game in form of Evolve Stage 2! With every new patch they are managing to slowly ruin the game by adding ridiculous maps and even more ridiculous “balancing”.Oh. You’re asking why I call these two companies thieves?First off. I bought the game, when it still wasn't free to play. What did I get as a compensation when they made it F2P, you ask? Well they unlocked some characters for me, which can be unlocked by simply playing the game. Totally awesome TRS. Thank you so much for stealing my money!But hey, that's not the end. Not by far. Here’s a little story.One day I wanted to play this game and when I tried to log in, it showed me a message saying that something is wrong with my 2K account and that I should contact the 2K support and so I did. They answered me really promptly… by promptly I mean after 4 days. Their answer? I was banned. Me being a founder (bought the game with most of the DLCs, while it still had a price tag) and having 353 hrs on record, demanded an answer of why I was banned, since I never used any cheats in any MP game. They told me it’s part of their policy not to tell me. OK… I totally would waste my money and all the time spent on this game by using some cheats. Of course the pople at 2K and TRS can't be reasoned with.I tried my luck with the TRS guys on their forums. They asked me to create another accounts and try if I get banned again. If I do get banned, then I should send them my DxDiag report along with a screenshot of all my running processes. Basically every detail about my PC. I’m surprised they didn’t ask me my shoe size, credit card number and the PIN to it along with a detailed report of my financial and health status. Oh, I forgot to mention, that even after sending all the stuff they required, they wouldn’t lift the ban.I did a little reading on their forum and it turns out many innocent people got banned after they implemented their “100% effective” ban system. There are still many cheaters in the game and many innocent people banned, so hey, it must be working, right?So to sum it up. They ban innocent people with their super mega awesome 100% accurate ban system and then ask you to prove that you're innocent of what they are accusing you from. The best part is, they won't even tell you why they banned you.So yeah people, if you want to save yourself from having to deal with those people, who don’t care the slightest bit about you and you don’t feel like wasting money and time, never go with any products being run by Turtle Rock Studios and 2K.Hope you can sleep soundly with all the money you stole, TRS and 2K. Enjoy my money, because that’s the last money you ever see from me."
,Not Recommended,273350,20224458,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Croy,"I enjoyed my time with the game when my friends and I played it, but then everyone stopped playing. Can't recommend this now because there aren't enough people playing.Hot take: you have to do dlc the right way or you will enrage the interwebs."
76561198055424293,Recommended,273350,14696059,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,ToddHowardTheGreat,"This is a great game when it come to gameplay. BUT the whole lack of content is an issuie. You have to drop $100 to get all of the content (i didnt and i still like the game). Good game recomend it, better with freinds, if you can drop the $100 it will be better but its not as big of an issuie as people are making it out to be, the DLC is not neccesary for the gameplay."
76561198172643059,Not Recommended,273350,18067074,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,cladgreenhero,"This game isn't finished, It's that simple. The producers of this game did not have the care to make a quality product, and have given the gaming community a gimmicky arena type fighter that always ends in the same anti climactic way. I'll admit, this game was fun... for about 2 hours, then it became the same damn thing every match. If you still want to buy this game, be prepared for the following...1. Limited Roster: I should point out that there are 16-20 hunters in the game right now, and 4 monsters. However, about half of the hunters are in DLC packs, and 1 of the monsters is as well. They have it all bundled together for around $30.00... that is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. If you bought the game while it was on the recent steam sale, you would've  spend $20.00 on the original game, then $30.00 more on the DLC? since when is add-on content more than the game itself? No thanks.2. The same 20 minute game over and over and over:  If you play as the monster, you won't have too much fun... your match consists of running and hiding, eating, hiding, running, eating, getting caught, spamming your abilties, running, healing, eating, evolving, eating, attacking, running, hiding, eating, attacking for the final time, and probably still dying.Now if you play as the hunters, you are looking at an even worse time to be honest. All 4 roles on the team are imperitive, and so 1 weak link will throw the game. The hunters' match consists of tracking, killing wildlife, tracking, finding the monster, doming him in your arena, fighting, getting a downed medic/support, watching the monster escape, healing, wait for the stronger evolved monster to show up, get picked off, and die. Again, I swear every match feels exactly the same, there are a few other game modes, but I seriously don't find them balanced, or even finished for that matter.3. Glitches beyond belief! You will find there are issues with the collisions a lot of times. Many monster abilities can cause the humans to be forced through the floor and into the void. I recall a specific intance, I was learning the ropes of the game playing the assault class. I kept finding my health dangerously low, and hoping the medic would come heal me, it wasn't until after I had gone down, I had realized she was about 40 feet under the map, trapped in limbo. Is this really a AAA title?4. Dumb leveling: When I first started playing, the game was up for a free demo. I had picked up the Wraith monster, he being the 3rd of them all. I really started to like him, and had many of his abilities skilled nearly to the second tier. Well once the demo was over, the game reverted me back to default unlockables. Which meant I would have to learn and play  Goliath, and skill him, then do the same with Kraken, just to be able to play the monster I like again. The same was true for the hunters too. Remember the $30.00 worth of DLC you could buy? Well in this game, that doesn't mean jack♥♥♥♥♥♥apperently, because of the 16-20 hunters I had available, after the demo, I was limited to playing and skilling the basic 4, before I could unlock the others. Let the players play who they want to play... seriously.5. Matchmaking is garbage: Evolve uses skill based matchmaking, which is great! I'm all for having a fair game. The problem is that skill based matchmaking takes the number of players online, and limits your matchmaking potential. Combine that with the fact that evolve has hardly anyone online anymore (can't imagine why) and oh ya! all that DLC you can buy, limits the number of compatible matches too! I swear, I've waited 30 minutes before, for a 20 minute game. Waste of time.6.Becoming insulted as a gamer: It is a game producer's job to ensure quality, and deliver an interesting gaming experience in every title they produce. That's not to say a company isn't able to flop occasionally, that will happen. However, when a AAA company takes a title they had miserably over-scoped and over-hyped, and decides to still release it, knowing they aren't done, just to add DLC within the first few weeks of launch, is downright insulting to the consumer. We deserve better than this.In conclusion, I am unimpressed with Evolve. I believe it is an abomination of a game, that was glorified for no justified reason. The game is gimmicky as hell and feels like a beta. Not worth the $20.00 I paid, definitely not worth the $70.00 they charged at launch, and sure as hell not worth buying add on content for. If you still want to buy this game, please save your money, I wish someone had warned me. I would have taken my $50.00 and spent it on indie games or something, at least indie producers still care."
,Recommended,273350,24235963,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,[cwz] gnome-king,"Fun game, challenging.  I find the monster side the most entertaining.  Some of the monsters are far too overpowered though, so I tend to stick to the basic ones."
,Not Recommended,273350,29665261,Posted: 3 February,all,Farmskins.com hellcase.com P,Game Dead !! because you 2K ! the game was successful but then you broke it ? i want to **** you ! you know it ? the game was cool why you close it for no reason ?? this F2P can make a lot of money if you give a devs a time to do better !! >>Good Devs Suck Publisher<<
,Not Recommended,273350,29853332,Posted: 11 February,all,Boxian,crashed 10 times in one day
76561198111054759,Not Recommended,273350,14464046,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Jiffypop,I miss the alpha FeelsBadMan
,Recommended,273350,24361901,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Scrub,Donald trump made this game great again
,Recommended,273350,24272085,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Eremus007,"When I bought this game about two years ago in the summersale for 30 euros.I thought my money had been wasted.I was sad to see that they had put a game with potential like this through the shredder to sell each piece seperately as ""DLC"".I did not buy any of the so called DLC's so I think this new F2P version is much nicer, as I also got a lot of rewards for buying the game in the past as a ""founder"".I did not spend a lot of money (30 euros) on this game and still I get the same as a founder who has spend over 80 dollars to buy some DLC's!For those players I think it is a little unfair and they deserve more stuff for their money.But I hope that this game keeps improveing to become the game that I thought I bought two years ago"
76561197962301404,Not Recommended,273350,15211438,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Surreal,"A shell of a game... Limited levels, class mechanic and the game feels the same in every game type.. To much downtime both waiting for games and hunting...5/10Buy when it goes under $30 if you want to give it a try."
76561198062821714,Not Recommended,273350,15048567,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,kibaks,"my game loaded for 40 minutes and then suddenly stoppen when it was almost done. i have an old GPU and that could give problems but it shouldnt load for that long. then i read some reviews and were even more sad that i wasted my 60 euro, because all the reviews was so bad. just whished that i never bought the game. now im on my way to deinstall."
76561198084243818,Recommended,273350,15110336,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,The Butt Kraken,"This is the coolist game ever. It is so much fun running around trying to hunt trap and kill a giant monster. Its even better when you get to be the monster, I feels so awesome to have that much power especially at stage 3!!"
76561198050603425,Not Recommended,273350,15135009,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Gummybug,I payed 60$ and you want me to buy a monster that should be free with that much money. Such a shame...
,Not Recommended,273350,18267018,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Header212,"The DLC Policy is a joke, whoever is responsible for that and the pricing is insulting every single player, you are a ****!Not disrespecting any other developers here, they did their job fine, but the people that are responsible for that marketing are a utter joke!"
,Not Recommended,273350,15133311,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,mehmeh,"should cancel all the DLC and release them as free contents, or else it will be dead forever"
76561198075866426,Recommended,273350,15202201,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Phlippo,"Very Fun and addicting, if you have friends that you can play this game with it is a very fun game, its nicely optimized and doesn't have any bugs so far that I have encountered"
,Not Recommended,273350,15212864,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,A Young Man,this game is a complete ripoff. i spent $80 for the game and season pass and that doesnt even include the extra monster? what the actual f***! i want my money back. dont waste your money or your time on thiss buggy piece of s***
76561198070823954,Not Recommended,273350,15228900,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,OspreyBravo18,Good for when you are bored but at this point they have tweeked the game to where it's better to be a hunter than a monster definitley not worth its full price which I regret paying.
76561198068844241,Recommended,273350,15301976,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Thyssyk,"This is a fun enough game, a good one to pick up with some friends. I would not recommend it for solo or random play, there is far to much at stake in a match to rely on AI or people who don't communicate with you. I have played it a bit and think I will be playing it for some time to come."
76561198110139118,Not Recommended,273350,15309880,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,gorjiraslayer,if you like a game were you can be an over powerd monster thes is no the game thes is a game were you play an under powerd monster were avreything  nothing you do is negatied if you fly you can still be fallowed some how becus you can leav foot print in the air? being the monser is nor fun at all evin when you get to stage three you still a bit of a push over if you wont to win as the monster you prety much hafe to camp on one of the high damedge monsters and hope it dosent try to kill you being a hunter is all right but the game is not going to be fun if you wunt to be the monster.
76561198169767997,Recommended,273350,15145702,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Kiceer,i paid the 100$ when this game first came out. now it says i can't play the behemoth.  what gives?
,Recommended,273350,18208478,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,CheeseSquid,Great game! Super fun to switch in between hunter and monster. 11/10
76561198005907490,Not Recommended,273350,18282418,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Oggy,"As of Oct 2015, there are not enught players to play evolve. This is a MP game without a comunity, stay far away from it."
76561198006993885,Not Recommended,273350,18334120,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,SaltyCake,DLC Simulator
,Not Recommended,273350,18465083,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Trip,Game is DEAD.
76561198137613018,Not Recommended,273350,18738361,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Wegman,utter garbage
76561198005371372,Not Recommended,273350,19028302,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Ramdolph,"As sad as i am to say this, the game is actually great, it has really nice gameplay, and i would have played it alot more, if not for 1 thing. trying to play with your friends is a pain the the♥♥♥♥♥ connection can really be a problem in this.And then there's also the fact that this game really wants you to get DLC, you can play the game without, but seeing that getting new hunters and monsters can give you an advantage compared to others, it is really not fair gameplay, ESPECIALLY at those prices.alot of games, including evolve, make DLC a huge part of the game, just like payday 2, but the difference is that in payday 2, they don't promise you a season pass at the price of 15 euro, for just 4 characters.so to sum up, this game is worth buying at a sale, but not at full price, and gameplay can be really fun, but expect to be missing out on something by not using a ♥♥♥♥♥on of cash on DLC, sadly."
76561198063628942,Recommended,273350,19152199,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Saej,Hunting game. LFD2 elements. Doesn't get old.
,Recommended,273350,19192026,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,The Wolfe,"I love the game concept and gameplay it is fun and engaging. The only downside I see to this game is the ever growing smaller player base which makes it so matchmaking and well put together hunter teams are a nightmare. As for the game price and DLC I justified my purchase of it by getting it 75% off in a steam sale, but otherwise in order to enjoy all of the content the game has to offer it's gonna cost around $80 bucks. So to sum it all up, good concept, fun game, but bad implementation and future game security on the developers behalf."
76561197970669825,Recommended,273350,17928554,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Would?,"I never write reviews, but I figured this game needed one.After trying it for free for almost 19 hours this weekend, having a ton of fun with both the hunters and the monsters, making friends and starting to climb on the competitive side of things, I've concluded that this is a great game and I'm about to buy it (the Monster Race Edition, too).Their initial marketing was a trainwreck, yes, but it would seem they're really trying to redeem themselves. Current Steam discount is 50% - that's AFTER the 50% price drop from the original €60, so you can get the game for a quarter of the price it launched at only 6 months ago. People need to get off the hate bandwagon: €15 (or €30, in my case) is more than a fair price for an experience as awesome as this one turned out to be.Those of you who already have the game and would like to have a new but decently skilled hunter/monster on your list, please add me :)"
,Recommended,273350,17930891,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,daemeh,"Really liked the game, great gameplay, maps, graphics. The quality of the players can always screw with your experience, but that happens in all other online games. Here more so, because the game is pretty hard to master, so there's a lot to learn for new players. You can't just jump in with your CS:GO experience and be a master. That's what I liked about this game, it makes you feel like a noob again, in a shooter!I don't see the point of complaining about DLC and skins. If you hate DLC, ignore it. That's what I did - I only bought the base game. When I get tired of the base characters, I'll buy more. But the way I see it, you need a lot of time to master even the base characters.Oh, and prepare a book, a tablet or second monitor for light reading while you wait for the sessions to start :)"
76561198091938723,Recommended,273350,17948944,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,EPIC TOONFAN,"AWESOME 4 hunters finding and slaying a monster trying not to be eating, this game rules!!!!!!!!!"
76561198070030338,Recommended,273350,19271851,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Kramsrof,"I am terrible at writing reviews but I wanted to write down some thoughts about this game.TL;DR A very good game with an interesting (unique) concept and maps with amazing details, you really get the feeling you are in a tropic place/toxic industry/snowy-north-place and so on. Small community and some character most be bought :( The game is good balanced so you can have success with any character, Turtlerrock studios are releasing free content also (monster, characters, maps, skins etc). The lore is told to you naturally and its interesting to hear the hunters conversation and then by yourself put the small pieces of information (you get before everygame) to a big picture. It's fun to play the game, and after all, isn't that the important thing?First of all, I find the gaming experience very unique (in a good way), this 4 hunters tracking down 1 big awesome monster is something I have not played before and I found the concept and the idea to be very good.There is some negatives though and that is mostly the small comunity that is only getting smaller. What I would say is the most annoying thing is that sometimes you find a game very quickly, and sometimes it takes forever. When you actually play the game though, it is really fun.Here is the thing: The GAME is really good, fun, and unique, but the reason people put ""No"" in recommendation is mostly because of 2 things:1. DLC and/or characters are unavailable and must be bought, this is something I found sad, I myself dont have all the characters for example (but I am highly enjoying myself when I play). This don't affect your success/winrate in anyway for the simple reason all character are good balanced and equally strong.2. Small community/take long time to find game. This is not something that is going to get better for the simple reason that everyone are putting ""NO"" on recommendation.Some things about the gameplay and the game in general (which IMO I think they did great):The game is balanced, Turtlerock studios have really tried to make it balanced for each character and team so nothing is ""OP"". In competitive the hunters have a little higher winrate (~54%) but when you are going solo I guess the monster have a little higher winrate for the reason the communication may not be great.Anyway, all the different characters that are unique in their own way, and that every map have high details, good graphics and just overall looks amazing if you stop for a second and just watch. The maps are all on the planet Sheer and it goes from snowy places to hot tropical forest to toxic industry. The different species are allso very well done and some are extremely dangerous (Tyrants!).The intro scene when you are in the plan and jump down to the map is also very well done, and usually there is a small conversation between 2 characters that often gives us hints about what they did before they got recruted by Cabot and before helping the planer Sheer. The way they conversate and build their story overtime is very enjoyable and feels natural and realistic (I like that!).Turtlerock have done improvments after they hear feedbacks, thet announced the Hunt 2.0 when people found they didnt play with player of the same skills. They have fixed a lot of bugges and I rarely find any nowadays. They have giving out some free characters for the people have haven´t bought any DLC so they also get some new stuff. Meteor Goliath, abilities are same but the cooldown are different, dmg is change and now got an fire that have some damage over time, also he looks different. Rouge val that are now played completely different and Blitz Markov that builds up more dmg as long he keep his lighting in contact with the monster. So we can say that they have released 3 new characters free, or they are nearly new atleast. And I think they will release more free stuff (also all maps are available and they will probably release more maps in the future). They have lowered the price on the game and on all DLC so I would say its priceworthy, and even right now when im writing its on sale, though it might not be when you are reading this.Everything I have said is my opinion, you are free to disagree. Have a great life stranger."
,Not Recommended,273350,19370781,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,LoliPotato,I couldn't even play the game with all the crashes and errors.
76561197996156672,Recommended,273350,19432659,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,GreenLight,-tries game-loves it-invites friends-plays monster-dies instantly-rates 8/10-finnaly goes assult class-discovers HYDE-rates 11/10
76561198006921884,Recommended,273350,19441799,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,grendell,"Great and fun game... but a horrible matchmaking! Seriously? WTF! Since the last major update, you wait for 15+ minutes just for a short round. Not to speak of the other - really interessting - modes like evacuation, try to find a companion there. What about screwing over the rank system? Or vaster use of bots?"
,Not Recommended,273350,19490494,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,evolucian911,Supposed to be a fun game. Supposed to be extremely fun.but... Servers are♥♥♥♥♥♥and it takes 15 minutes before a match could start unless you left playing with useless bots.and the game is buggy as ♥♥♥♥. keeps crashing. has so much potential and maybe i got ♥♥♥♥ed cause i bought it late.But as of right now this game is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198003093463,Not Recommended,273350,19548038,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Shylock,"I think many people already listed why this game is bad, and there is nothing really more to add. The game is dead, and will stay dead. The blame for this doesn't fall on the developer, but on the publisher. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ DLC politics murdered Evolve shortly after it's birth."
76561198023592625,Recommended,273350,17928898,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,BeastMan,I played the free weekend enjoyed it and for the 50 percent off discount made it a worthwhile purchase. The few complaints I have is the load times after the multiplayer team is made. It does take a while some times for a team to be built. Which is  a shame but to be expected. This game still has a lot of potential and with all the DLC and most likely new DLC to come it is a worthwhile purchase.
,Not Recommended,273350,18477675,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Sugam49,"yea it is a well played game, but i want you to trust me NO ONE PLAYS THIS GAME. if you like to stare at a game quo for more then five min then get put into a prestarted game. this is the game for you!!! i wasted my money on this. you do not have to"
,Recommended,273350,15057981,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Ashes,"This game is both beautiful to look at and really fun to play. The community thus far hasn't been toxic, which is really nice as well. The only downfall I find about this game is that it's expensive. But honestly, I think it's worth it. Hours of entertainment and it's super fun to play with friends! Quickly becoming one of my favorite games. I reccomend picking it up!"
76561198151774292,Not Recommended,273350,16785495,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,NobleReflex,game is fun the first few games but after a while it becomes boring
,Not Recommended,273350,31728703,Posted: 13 May,all,Dread Pirate Tuco,Game has been abandonned and only vets and noobs remain. Every match is stomped or be stomped -- 0 inbetween. It's incredibly boring this way.
,Recommended,273350,14950749,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Drax,Fun game with an interesting look at FPS  I highly recommend for anyone trying to get away from the whole COD outlook on FPS
,Not Recommended,273350,15025439,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Carlos The One,A sad story of a 60$ DLC store front made free-to-play.
,Recommended,273350,15047062,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Zerospark,Great game really enjoying it.Its great playing as the monster and hiding inches away from the hunters only to have them wonder right past you leaving a trail of food for you in the other direction from them.Close matches are really intense
76561198057686752,Not Recommended,273350,15075470,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Fate,WAST OF MY MONEY! The game concept is ok but the game just gets so boring. I sometimes can not even play a second round. If you want to spend 50$ go and buy another game with that money buy it when it gets cheaper.
,Not Recommended,273350,15091920,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Hypotenuse,"Always had a really good internet connection, and never had a single problem with any other videogame. Still, when i try to play Evolve i get something like 15 fps, wich of course makes it unplayable. Since this problems seems to happen to a lot of players, i do not recommend this game."
,Recommended,273350,15094808,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,aansari86,"This is a really impressive game. I've rarely played first person shooters this asymmetrical, and yet well balanced - in fact, one could almost this game is revolutionary in the way it completely turns genre conventions on its head. I've played 27 hours and had a blast so far, whether playing as hunters or the monster, trust me, no fight ever turns out the same. There are few games I'd recommend plopping down ~$60 for, but if you have to get one FPS game this year, this should be it."
,Not Recommended,273350,15095264,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,◢◤ IssaTheMLGNub,A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game with repetitive gameplay!
,Recommended,273350,15108245,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,я хочу умереть,nice
76561198070367714,Recommended,273350,15122267,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,SoulZero,"The game is far from repeatable, even though there is only 4 classes, with 3 specs, against 3 monster.. It contantly changes because the monster and or player don't have the same play style..The class specs are really nicely balanced, I still after 55 hours, have a hard time saying what hunter is better (if any is) than the others..I strongly dislike playing the monster, but there is no boring Hunter...The game is scary! A lvl 3 monster's sounds are so wellmade they give me goos boms.. The walking of it, its roar..Its just nicely done.I recommend this game. It has flaws, but none of them break the game or make is less enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,273350,15138363,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,arieo,Was super hype for the release and played it really hard for a week then the flair wore off and now I don't know why I bothered in the first place.  5 variations on the exact same game type is nothing to write home about.  I gave the Behemoth a try and I don't know what all the hype was about and since I'm not going to pay $7 a character for the DLC hunters this game now rests in my game list under uninstalled.  The PC community is all but dead so if you really wanna play this game then get it on PS4 or the Xbone.
,Not Recommended,273350,15139555,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Mr Bones,"i love evolve, i have played it quite often and enjoy it thoroughly, i just wish to say something about the new monster (behemoth) along with the four new hunters added.behemoth:- any team with slowing effects (stasis and tranqs) can kill it so easily its not even worth it- if you can keep rotating to different ledges its basically game over for the monster- the only place you can kill players usually is in super enclosed spacesfour new hunters:trapper: literally just follow the tracks and spam the bird in every direction till you find the monster, this renders sneak useless.medic: impossible for your teamates to die because of the deployable healing bug and easily rechared healing burst.assault: the grenades can do in two seconds what a medic with a sniper can do in 1 minute, the mortar eats armor away faster or just as fast as an orbital, if you face him just leave the game.support: mini nuke launcher does just as much damage if not more than the normal assaults, the deployable shield dispenser makes killing anyone much too difficult and paired with the new medic makes it outright impossible without both of them being complete newbies.just one of the new hunters who knows what they are doing makes it hell for any monster and a walk in the park for the other hunters.the behemoth is way too easy to track and is basically useless against anyone who knows how to hunt."
76561198011543071,Recommended,273350,15148504,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Aguri,"This is an amazing game. Turtle Rock Studios did a FANTASTIC job with this. I love the asymmetrical game play, it's beautifully balanced, and the environment is stunning. Unfortunatley, the publisher wasn't too smart about the DLC and overpriced everything. I mean the skins being that expensive I can live with, I never buy them anyway. But $25 for 4 new hunters and $15 for one new monster??? No thank you. If it were 10 and 5, I would be completely fine with that. An amazing game that has turned away many of its potential players by the overpriced DLC."
76561198044558359,Not Recommended,273350,15149204,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,leviathan678,came back to see if the game ever somehow made a comeback. its dead steam charts less than 500 people playing in a 24 hour time and its the weekend
,Recommended,273350,15304949,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Joomzy,The game is absolute amazing.The game gets disliked alot by the fact that they have alot of DLC and the prices of the DLC. The DLC is expensive I do agree and I also don't like the fact that the extra monsters are buyable and not unlockable.Beside the DLC the game itself is immense fun I love playing as the monster or teaming up with a good team trying to take down a stage 3 monster. After putting alot of hours in this game I can say it isn't perfect but it sure is worth giving a try.
76561198015359648,Recommended,273350,15315719,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Antonious,The premier walking simulator of 2015Game of the Year10/10
76561198039419289,Not Recommended,273350,15921241,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Gamer Guy71,Just look at how many people are playing the game right now and that should tell you
76561198106208356,Recommended,273350,15165215,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,DirtyBird555,"Super fun game. Win or no I have a good time playing. Hunters seemed very balanced even counting the 4 new guys. Each hunter is unique, and I have had a good time learning how to use each hunter to the best of their ability. The game really give a sense of teamwork. Everyone has to do their job in order for the team to be successful. Playing the monsters are fun too, but in a entirely different way. After reading other reviews, I believe people are overwhelmed by the amount of skins and other add-ons you can buy, but you don't need any of that to play the game. I purchased the DLC with the new hunters. They are not overpower. Most of the time I play as one of the original hunters. Not a pay to win type game."
76561198012126009,Recommended,273350,20006115,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ShoeThatMissedBush,"God it's just as amazing as it was on Ps4. To break it down for you, you need to do 1 simple thing: Think for yourself. The media and mob rule often misinform and misdirect anger and frustration. The only reason why Evolve got bad publicity was a combination of misunderstanding and gamers frustrated with DLC and instead of taking it out on EA or Ubisoft, wrongly attacking TRS. None of the DLC is mandatory, TRS gives us free new modes and hunters and monsters in the form of variations but you can also buy the other ones. Balance is great (like any game it could be better). This is great in an age where EVERY game is accompanied by 40 dollar season passes.Now back to the game. With hunters there's an intense focus on tracking the monster, cornering him, and when push comes to shove coordinating as a team to take him down.Monster is a whole different story where you're growing more powerful as time passes by. At first running, then hit and run, then full on assault on the hunters when at stage 3.It's an intense game of cat and mouse where predator and prey often switch roles through ambushes, strategy and shooting skills. Who wouldn't want to face the ultimate prey: Other humans, NOT some half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥computer AI.TLDR: Ignore the haters. They plague every game with misinformation. I've played this for over 150 hours on Ps4 and have just migrated to PC. Wait times as monster is only 20-30 seconds for me. Hunters can be a bit longer. This is the most unique shooter I've ever played and TRS is very responsive to their community on the forums which gives me a good feeling for the future."
76561198151834048,Recommended,273350,17931295,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Vladimir,"I was really skeptical about this game with all the bad attention it got over the last couple of month, but after playing it this weekend I had a lot of fun. I was always matched with other players, and my game play was really smooth. Overall I would pay $20 for this game."
,Not Recommended,273350,14437672,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,The BDG,"I originally wrote a very positive review of this game and I was very happy with the overall content. After this last patch and nerfing of all the monsters. I am done I uninstalled the game and will not be returning to it.The matchmaking is BEYOND broken and will literally lump you with any other players just to fill a match. 1 match I had 2 hunters 20 levels higher than me and one who was 15. Each patch pulls more and more of the power and ability from the monsters and buff the hunters. Playing as a hunter now is so easy it is not even funny.As an example the Wraith decoy is still broken but now in another direction. It is useless, none of the Wraith players even use it anymore it is so broken. And as a monster now it moves slower than the Goliath. The rouge of the monsters moves slower than the tank..... I am sorry TRS you missed the boat on this one hard. There is a reason this game is dropping in player numbers so rapidly. I expect by May 2015 it will not even be in the top 100 played games on Steam.This means both sides of the match are broken. No challenge as a hunter and an impossible to climb wall with the monsters. So the people hunting get bored and stop playing and the monsters get angry at the game and stop playing too.0/10 will not install again."
,Recommended,273350,24194460,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Ravq ♥,"Just reading some of the reviews makes me laugh so ♥♥♥♥ing hard. I had evolve since it came out, I don't understand why them kids are crying ""I wasted money to buy it and now it's gone free, wtf worse game ever! oh did I mention I bought the game over a year ago and barely got any hours on it? no? yeah ♥♥♥♥ this game"" Logic of some in the review section I could just describe by one word, braindead. DO NOT LISTEN TO THEM MORONS!This game is so much more fun than it was before it went free, the pace is faster. Before it was constant looking for a monster, barely any kind of action, now the action almost doesn't stop, of course there is still the tracking part but it's definietly faster than it used to be thanks to the new trapper ability and the dome can be used by anyone now so you don't have to rely on your trapper.Do not hesitate to try this game, really can't wait to see what other things Turtle Rock got for us in the future updates."
,Recommended,273350,14443404,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Jnuttengr,"Fun game, unique gameplay, learning curve on each type of hunter and monster.So many complaints on the day one dlc.  yes....it is there.....for skins aside from the hunting season pass.  so if you really want to look pretty while playing even though I highly doubt that you will see them in game all that well.This game has a lot of potential but the community seems to have murdered it before it could evolve into what it could be.Game has been out for 3 days and already have had problems getting into full matches due to the mud slinging contest in the review section.It is fun.  Isn't that what the point of buying a video game is?  to have fun.  PLus the price is similar to the cost of games for consoles unless you buy bonus stuff that isn't needed.I forgive the game dor day 1 dlc because it is still fun for me to play.Final Verdict:  I recommend this game because it is fun.  There are a lot of nay sayers in the review section though so it is all up to your opinion."
,Recommended,273350,24230961,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Vokun,"Evolve Stage 2. This is honestly what the game should have been in the first place, not the F2P aspect but the way the new system works is so much more rewarding and fun to use.In the original game you got to pick one perk for a character and it was very grindy to level it up and it didn't feel worth it at all. Now the system let's you pick 3 different perks in different tiers all of which have 3 levels so you can create a very unique playstyle for your chosen hunter with a quick change of perks. It's a very nice change and one that the game sorely needed. The perk system is also there for the monster player.As for the new gameplay mechanics, it definitely makes the game much more fast paced, everyone can now trap the monster and the new trapper scanner helps you locate it faster. It really helps make the game a lot more entertaining as there is more combat and less scoring for the sneaky monster. The monster player has to be extra careful and outplay the hunters if he wants to be stealthy now.The maps are being redesigned now and they do seem a lot better to coincide with the faster gameplay mechanics. There are only 4 in the game at the time of writing this review but they all seem fairly balanced.The only mode currently is Hunt or you can create custom games, I do hope that they add the multiple day career type mode back in, Evacuation I think it was called, as that was where the game was most fun.There are a decent choice of weapon skins and hero skins to purchase using the new in game currency called silver keys. I do hope however that they add a lot more and much more frequently than they did when the game was originally released as the glacial development speed of content and patches were a huge part of what killed the game so fast.The graphics and sound in the game is still great, I run it at max settings and it really does look amazing, especially with the dynamic weather system.Overall I'd say Evolve Stage 2 is a great step in reviving this game which I am very glad with as I really did enjoy the original game. Good choice Turtle Rock Studios :)"
,Not Recommended,273350,29619154,Posted: 31 January,all,Caffeine girl,Pretty much dead.
,Recommended,273350,25278034,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,(CAT 3) TheCommissioner,"Great with friends if you plan on playing as hunters, great alone for the monster.  If you don't like the monster you can still play alone and a lot of times it works out great but you still run into problems with people as this is a multiplayer game."
,Not Recommended,273350,29495749,Posted: 25 January,all,Gutriik the Inspirer,I swear 0.5 hours of my playtime is trying to find a server.
76561198189428717,Not Recommended,273350,29495920,Posted: 25 January,all,Ace,Got this way back when I didn't know Steam gave refunds... I think I've made my point.
,Not Recommended,273350,26056659,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Jovial Jim,"Evolve Stage 2: Now banning innocent players GG Turtle Rock should of stuck with ValveGame is too grindy, learning curve too steep, matchmaking is poor, unresponsive and arrogant devs."
,Recommended,273350,29914963,Posted: 13 February,all,Yankee,hue
,Recommended,273350,29912711,Posted: 13 February,all,Yaoi Senpai,Yes
76561198315331681,Recommended,273350,29911522,Posted: 13 February,all,Thaor,Fun game that needs more depth to it
,Recommended,273350,29937466,Posted: 15 February,all,SHODANFreeman,Fun and costs nothing.
76561197975112016,Recommended,273350,15102969,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,~†Baltr0ss†~,"I have sincerely enjoyed my time playing Evolve.  After logging 60+ hours of game time, I will say this game is a blast to play if you enjoy competitive online gaming.  This is not a standard multiplayer shooter such as a Call of Duty or Halo game.  You won't spend time unlocking new guns, attachments, etc. as you play each game.  The progression system can be grindy at times and, depending on the character you play, can be a bit frustrating.  However, the reward does not come from leveling up perks and abilities, but rather your actual skill with each character you play and how you can work together with your teammates.I will say that this game is not as enjoyable if you do not have friends to play with.  Playing games in public matches are hit or miss.  Some games will be fun, competitive, and a rush after a victory.  Other games will leave you frustrated because your team failed to communicate with one another.  This game requires communication.  Without it, you will almost always lose.  Because communication is key to a competitive game such as this, Evolve feels immersive and tense.  Occasionally, you'll come across games that last up to 20 minutes, which can feel a bit drawn out and dull, but that is the nature of a multiplayer-only game.  While you can enjoy a solo experience with bots, the game was clearly designed to be played with other people, which is fine.  Playing with bots is a great way to practice with a new character or try our a different role, which include Assault, Support, Medic, and Trapper.Those that enjoy a single player experience should avoid this title.  It's designed to be played online.  But if you like competitive shooters and want a different experience than what other AAA titles offer, then I would highly recommend Evolve.  Try to get some friends to join you though, or you may have a frustrating time playing in public matches."
,Not Recommended,273350,15129552,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Torrenera TIGER ---)),"Ridiculous, the game already came with barely any content, repetitive maps and gameplay and not only did the devs take a good 2 months to patch the absolutely broken balance, they then have the cheek to ♥♥♥♥ing ask for 10.99 for the new monster (if you dont have pre purchased the game) and 5.29 for each new hunter.Steer clear away from this one, absolutely shameful cash grab!"
,Recommended,273350,29920697,Posted: 14 February,all,Juzlum,FUN but too quickly starts repeating itself. So you need to have good group of friends so the game is interesting and worth of playing...
76561197987084099,Not Recommended,273350,15183124,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,DmXc_,"New monster Sucks big time, a ♥♥♥♥ing rip off. last match i played i got like 8 BUGGED rockwalls, and this is marketed as ""tankyer than goliath"" but the rockball dies as fast as wraith. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. fix it or do something. too buggy why u relesed it?"
,Not Recommended,273350,15201834,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Rhodderzxii,"Ai is terrible and the ""season"" pass is only for hunters, just trying to milk more money from you for♥♥♥♥♥♥that doesnt really work. The enemy ai is overpowerfull and the ally ai is suicidal. Probably a good game if there was 5 actual players. might be requesting money back for this"
76561198032825410,Not Recommended,273350,15053120,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,lolspeak,"The fun and excitement that this game has to offer quickly fades after only a few hours of play. Unlike so many other games in the genre of team fp shooters, this game offers a unique and refreshing playstyle of 4 v 1. You might be drawn to play the meaty assault class to damage the monster, the medic class to quickly heal your injured teammates, the support class to benefit your team with a range of abilities, or the trapper class to hunt down the monster as fast as you can (before you become the hunted). But you will most likely be forced to play the Monster. End of Story. If you are not in a group, you will be playing quite a bit of the monster, because unlike other FPS games that allow you to choose the character or class you like the most, you have little say here. Every game has one hunter from each class, and one monster, meaning everyone cannot all play assault, or trapper, or try to make a medic-ball to victory, instead you are allowed to pick your ""Preferences"" and the role you are assigned hopefully corresponds with one of your more favored characters. That is, unless you decided to play solo and forgo the benefit of a well managed pre-built team dynamic, because then you will likely be playing monster. The reason? A team of players who are in the same party can never be assigned as the monster, and with the low population of people who play this game on PC (and the high likelihood of parties in said game), playing solo will net you the monster almost every time. To be fair, the monster is not a boring, or even unfair character to play as, it simply gets that way when you are only ever assigned as one and are playing against 4 people playing together in teamspeak. If this game was less than half the price I paid for it, it might be worth it, but at it's current value it is not a game worth purchasing."
,Not Recommended,273350,15162043,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Neo Shogo,first game I've ever regretted buying. 69.99. god damn.
76561197982932973,Not Recommended,273350,15148255,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Archangel,"I wrote a long winded review making clear talking points as to why the game is not worth buying, but then steam deleted it before I could hit the post button. Don't buy the game, I want my money back."
76561198094813888,Not Recommended,273350,15780338,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Cranium,"*Sigh*...I had very high hopes for this game, as well as 95% of the gaming community, sadly it was a disappointment. The game had great potential, it just fell short in a few aspects.1: Content, I spent $60 on a game with few maps, few characters, and little to no custimization.2: Repition, same thing every single match. Look for monster, trap monster, kill monster or be killed. Yes, there are alot of weather combinations, but it doesnt change the plot AT ALL.3: DLC, dont....get....me....started.4:Graphics, the graphics are great! But in all honesty, thats really the only driving force on this game.Rating: 4/10, I'd spend my money else where."
,Not Recommended,273350,16636468,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,jdunnsup,Dogshit
,Not Recommended,273350,17928983,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Destroyeron,Wasn't worth $60. Still not worth $20.
76561198063455776,Recommended,273350,17933105,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,MoltenIcy,"*All of this is from 11 hours of free weekend experience*Despite of all the negative feedback, I had a TON of fun playing this with my friends. Everybody is blaming the high prices or ""milking the game"" what I don't find big of a deal. I only played as the stock characters and I didn't see any underpowered or OP stuff with them AND LOVED playing the Wraith. You don't need to pay for all the DLCs to enjoy the game: just pay&play the base of the game and have a giggle with your friends.Highly recommend bying it from sale and playing with your friends. Free weekends are the time to test if you like the game, not from somebody elses feedback of good/bad experiences."
,Recommended,273350,30066512,Posted: 20 February,all,Toninho Trolha,For this price it is worth to give it a go and it can keep you entertained
76561198006350971,Recommended,273350,14587030,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Teh Forti,"Despite all the nasty reviews that bash this game for it's DLC model, that crap is old-hat and should be expected by now.  As much as people want to complain, DLC is here to stay.  So... on to my review :PAfter 10.4 hours of play....Plusses:-Most of the info about Evolve out there makes it seem like it'd be a forced multiplayer, so it's a plus in my opinion that this game includes a viable Single-player mode.  You can play all of the game's content if you're not a PVP fanatic!-Giant Monsters.  BE the monster o 3o  The game does a great job of delivering the feel of being the giant monster and each monster lends it's own style to gameplay that can make the game feel alot different for each.-Evacuation!  This mode, while long, is an interesting power struggle throughout.  Each win/loss will give either a bonus or penalty to each side, adding a new aspect to watch out for in the gameplay.  Play for '5 Days' in different stages/modes to the climax of the mass evacuation of the planet.-GIANT EFFING MONSTERS!!-The Wraith... so awesome o3oMinuses:-The game DOES stack the odds in favor of the Hunters.  In the basic game mode, 'Hunt', the monster gets very little head start, the hunters can EASILY track the monster and the monster doesn't stand much chance at all at stage 1.  Even at stage 3 (max strength for the monster), the difficulty is up there.-The Kraken.... why you so hard to hit targets with?? o Ao-The playing fields are ALOT more limited than they appear.  While the monster has the ability to 'climb almost anything', there's surprisingly little opportunity to actually do so.  Lots of unclimbable pillars and walls and structures with an invisible cieling hieght to floating/flying/jumping.-Teh cost... currently, basic game is at $60 and the game IS incomplete.  2 planned monsters are not in the game yet (only 3 currently available), 4 hunters missing (currently a selection of 12, 3 per role).  Psuedo-plus side is that some of the upcoming content is included in the cost.  Downside, apart from waiting, is that at least 1 of the upcoming monsters will be a seperate purchase and so will the additional hunters. ((teh source of teh current drama))-Such grinding.... Alot of the current DLC is available via no cost in game in the form of cosmetic stuff, but you need to GRIND.  To get the monsters: GRIND.  To get powerups: GRIND....All in all:I find the game really fun despite the limitations.  They are understandable from a design standpoint.  The game is fun in single player and I think it'd be a great multiplayer game as well.  If you decide to dish out the cash for it, you can easily get the full experience with the base game and perhaps the season pass (per usual).  I look forward to when some of my friends can get this so I can eat them :3"
,Recommended,273350,16252545,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,polarpunchfizz,Love this game its amazing!!!!!!
76561198042007988,Recommended,273350,15832340,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Killerdog,I love this game even with the bugs. If your a player who wont find the right way to beat a bug or broken ability then you will hate this. If you like that and like working with a team or hunting alone this is a awesome game for you. I have been playing this game comp and love the community there.
76561198121772133,Recommended,273350,16243250,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Snow,"I really enjoy this game and I think I got my money's worth for it. Unfortunately all I see are the negative reviews about the pricing of DLC and stupid stuff like that. The thing about it is simple: YOU DON'T HAVE TO BUY DLC TO PLAY THE GAME. The gameplay is amazing, the graphics are beautiful, the concept is genius, and everything is balanced really well. Every game i've played has gone down to who played smarter."
,Recommended,273350,16256390,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,shadowhawk7o,i find the game really fun some dont like the repetitiveness but it like league in the way in that it doesint get old but get it on sale cuz the prices suck yo
76561198175641847,Not Recommended,273350,25904058,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Sdar7611,"This is the first time I've ever left a review, not something I do usually but it's warranted.I got this game the day it came out and have logged close to 500 hours on the original,I recently came back to it after a short break to hear what the fuss was all about with Evolve Stage 2, sounded exciting.It isn't, if you are coming to the game for the first time then you may fare well with it and good luck to you,If your returning to the game after having enjoyed the original, don't bother.It's unfortunately pandered to hunters who couldn't play the game effectively, so now it's easier for them, just point, shoot and spam as many perks as possible that you've paid through the nose for.Hunters are faster than monsters, trapping is no longer a skill, sneaking is pointless and dome's are endless. I was never a massive fan of Arena anyway, now it's basically the only game mode playable.It's not just the monster side that has been let down, what the hell happened to the whole dynamic of supports cloaking teammates?Really big shame, I'll move onto Ark:Survival Evolved and try my luck there.Farewell Evolve, I'll remember you how you were, not what's been done to you now!"
76561198115378679,Recommended,273350,28283507,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,xxNightWulf,"It's pretty fun. Not really newcomer friendly. But if the game was released like this, it would've been more welcomed for what it is."
76561198078772964,Recommended,273350,14507223,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Misha Zhirov,"Overall, I love this game. The graphics are fantastic and the gameplay is fun. I recommend it whole-heartedly. However, I find that it can be boring at times, as you tend to do much the same thing over and over again, despite the different matches you can choose. I also feel that the humans tend to have the upper hand when things get scrappy, given the monster's often lack of health replenishment. The matches are difficult and fast paced, however, and can be quite fun if you can really get into it. I thoroughly enjoy the game, and do not regret pre-ordering Evolve!"
76561198063831698,Recommended,273350,24627224,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,AoD|KROOL,"I've loved this game and I've hated it.I can say this is the best it has ever been, please give it a shot. Its free anyhow."
76561198257807014,Recommended,273350,30160833,Posted: 25 February,all,W.D GASTER,OH MAN THIS GAME IS SO FUN SO MONSTEROUS AND THE MONSTERS HUNTERS GRAPHICS THEY  ARE AMAZING!
76561198087699828,Recommended,273350,22116555,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Venom Striker,"Good community, good game, good characters, good environment, good lore...and i mean really good lore."
,Recommended,273350,14670781,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Astralis MoN3t,This game was an amazing buy. It requires coordination and skill to fully play it both as a team of elite hunters and a killer monster. All the rage at the game is from peoples opinions about skins costing money or the fact that they get stomped fully when playing. Best sixty dollars i have spent in a long time and i rarely buy a game at full price.
76561198008821864,Recommended,273350,21516678,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Xelltrix,"4 players against a player as a monster? Sounds great right? All in all yes, but only having 3 monsters at the start and over the course of 2 years only adding 2 more doesnt help help this game. it is filled with potential yet the 5 dollar dlc cost of different color guns that you barely notice for the hunters and 15 for a new monster really impacts this game. Also there are only 3 modes, Defend (which sucks and few want to play), Arena (cage match for 2 rounds), and Hunt. The game revolves around this mode and it really is the only way to truely play. The dialog between hunters is great and fun to listen to, but I think a campaign mode with a story about this world needs to happen, or at least in Evolve 2 (Valve has said that they wish to make this a franchise).Just do what I did and wait untill this game is on Steam Sale for like 20 dollars or less, even the monsters and new hunters are cheaper."
,Recommended,273350,24160360,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,`Zphyr-HACKERMAN,we tf2 now boys
,Recommended,273350,24164494,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Kto tam?,"A fun game with good gameplay, however small playerbase and large amounts of DLC killed the game. BUT NOW ITS GOING F2P!"
,Recommended,273350,21525990,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Micos,"It is definatly a different take on a first person shooter. The more you play as either monster or hunter, the better you get (much like any game); however, even the best of the best can be destroyed when facing someone that knows how work around the weaknesses of each character. Play as monster and evolve as fast as you can, or get gun down before you can even reach your first evolution. Play as the hunters and hunt down the monster asap or else you are in a world of hurt. That doesn't mean either side is more over powered than the other though, it just makes the game a fun challenge. Reccomend playing in solo matches to learn how to use the different characters THEN go online. Beware of try hards too :P"
76561198065197236,Recommended,273350,22093216,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Cheese'N'OnionCrisp,"Great game has lots of replyability and is very enjoyable to play, has lots of amazing content as well :)"
76561198085849397,Not Recommended,273350,29310255,Posted: 16 January,all,Panda Butter,I loved this game so much played it with my friends and had a blast playing it all day. sadly they quit after a while and i was sad. i finally got my friends to join me and play with me after an hour of waiting for a game that didnt even start i have no friends.
,Recommended,273350,24281161,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Misha,I like this game.. I recommand this game... but now its free... I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!!
76561197983520619,Recommended,273350,24259972,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,spiderfingers,So wonderful to have a decent amount of players now. I really love to tear them to shreds as a monster :D
,Not Recommended,273350,24378225,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,konrack,"Well, I loved this game.  Then they went and broke it.I can get over the fact my levels reset to 01 acrtoss the board, it happens, though not sure why in this instance but hey great free useless keys whatever.What i can't get over is the fact it is literally unplayable now on any graphic setting, the SAME system i put in hours of play with my friends is now unable to play the game.  Just a black screen with players names on it.From what i heard from my three friends there game was just as broken though least they got to see♥♥♥♥♥♥If you think of playing this game, stop take a moment, run a cold bath, fill it with ice, set any form of electrical device on the side of the bath, stand infront of said device and ask a friend to kick you in the balls and push you and the device into the icy water.   It's less agonising than trying to play somthing that was fun, used to work then got ♥♥♥♥ed in the♥♥♥♥♥and died of aids."
,Recommended,273350,24376859,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Insomniel,"I was very skeptical at first about the changes going along with free to play. As a player who loved the game from the very start over a year ago and just stopped playing it because there was basically no one left to play, the patchnotes read like they were trying to dumb the game down to get a bigger audience.After playing for 60 hours within little over a week, I have to say... that's definitely the case! But here's the catch: while it is definitely true that the game nowadays feels a little bit more arcade-ish than it used to, you actually see the reasoning when you actually play the game instead of just reading about the changes. It feels much, MUCH more fluid now with less randomly walking around and less downtime between the fights. I was afraid that this would basically become an arena-game now and while the frequency of fight have definitely increased, it really feels like this is the way the game should have been from the very beginning. There's still enough room for the hunting and juking aspects of the game, it's just much more streamlined, which is a good thing. So if you're an old player reading over the patchnotes, probably not being too impressed: give it a try, just by reading the patchnotes you don't get the feel the devs wanted to you to get when playing Evolve now.For everyone who hasn't played the game before: yes, I'd definitely recommend it. However, you're being more reliant on your teammates than in other games (when you're playing hunter of course). On non-performing individual can and will spell doom for all 4 hunters, so keep that in mind. The learning curve is disgustingly high, this is not a game to casually hop in and expect good results. But if you're willing to put a bit of work and learning in, you'll be rewarded what is in my opinion the best PvP game I've ever played."
,Not Recommended,273350,15161962,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Hardon Collider,I was reserving my review for when time came to actually release the DLC and it appears that nothing has been done about this travesty.I want to like this game but I hate the prices.Sucks for everybody.  Hope the lousy profits were worth it -- I'll never again purchase a game from this studio on day one.
,Not Recommended,273350,15195991,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Aquin,"I've been playing this game with my friends for awhile. Be warned, you're buying this for multiplayer (so be sure to have friends willing to drink the kool-aid).Honestly, if you haven't bought it yet... don't. It's not a terrible game, but the pricing is ridiculous. $40 for the first round of DLC, which doesn't give much (especially when that's full price for most other great titles).There isn't much, it's very expensive, and it's not gonna get better. You're better off playing pretty much anything else. If the pricing was cut in half (HALF!) it'd still be a bit too rich."
76561198039978249,Not Recommended,273350,15097807,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,JellonaCub,"The game plays fine byt the macthmaking ruins it. 95% of the time I´m just mad at the game for choosing for me what class to play. Let me chose how I want to have fun... I dont care if it´s a 5min que to join a game as a med just give me the option, instead of throwing me in games that I´m gonna leave because I simply have no intrest in playing that class.This creates the second part of the problem. 50% of games I join is so that I take the place of a bot (someone didn´t get the class they wanted so they left). Leaving me stranded in the middle of the jungle with no idea how far along the game is and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off. It doesn´t even give any incentive to play the game to the end after I have joined as a bot.Overall I just get more angry at this game when I play simply because matchmaking is so horrible. Its a real shame since if they were to get that part right, this would be an awesome game. Now the only way I see the game is that it´s an easy way to buy rage."
,Not Recommended,273350,14493559,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Ashtar [PT],"OK Im going to write this but It may be subject to change!I loved the game in the beginning! I was always playing with my friends and we where kicking♥♥♥♥♥ but then this happened:I got to level 20+ and guess what ? In a ten game round, I won one!  wraith ? unbeatable!!basically it's like you either get the monster early on and do some damage, although he will run away effectively and keep on evolving and getting his  shield back  or if he gets to level 3 before you touch him... gg game over, no chance!and if you play with a complete team of ♥♥♥♥ ups... oh well...Seriously! I love this game, and I ♥♥♥♥ing hate it so much! Story ? ZERO ! Campaign? LOL Campaign is evactuation which is basically 5 games in a row , with rotating maps, if you win, something will benefit you in the next match, if you lose something will benefit the monster etc... you have hunt, (hunt the monster) Rescue (rescue survivors, side note if you are against a wraith, no chance, he just teleports quick enough to kilkl survivors and you lose) and nest! where you destroy eggs to win...but bear in mind if you get a kraken or wraith...a good player...you wont win... story ? ZEROOH BUT WAIT! WE WON A ROUND OF EVACUATION!! WOW! THEN YOU GET TO SEE THE VIDEO OF THE SHIP LEAVING, AND T HE HUNTERS BEING SWARMED AND... that's it...the end... zero story, zero context! I ♥♥♥♥ing love the dialogs etc...but ...lacks a story! a decent campaign. and the maps and etc its all PERFECT AND BEAUTIFUL ... BUT... it makes me so ♥♥♥♥ING MAD! In certain moments of the game you dont stand a ♥♥♥♥ing chance...and with the monster at 20+ level... with increased perks... good luck! needs more hunters, more game modes... weaker monsters... because sometimes it's damn impossible to counter them...or hit them...but if they prey on you... you wont last a second... and yeah If you have been downed twice a lvl 3 monster can One shot you easy. And you will find people who hate playing as the monster or be reaaally good at it! but hey sometimes you are the monster and you dont stand a ♥♥♥♥ing chance... or you can just juke the hell out of the, evolve and bam eat them for lunch! with the right team, the game is awesome! in a random team the game usually sucks because some dont do what they are supposed to! or they dont know how to chase the monster! they just follow the tracks when they should be intercepting...trying to seee where he is going to be... ahead of his moves etc... it's a really fine work but oh the balance..."
76561198022470196,Not Recommended,273350,30226625,Posted: 27 February,all,Trofogol,RIP. It was worthy game.
76561198069472033,Not Recommended,273350,15146476,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,BrothaKurk,It's all about the money. Not the players :(
,Not Recommended,273350,15142310,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,ŤhËMrBüilDABëåRWorkshoP,i am exteremally angry i got the monster race version and when the most recent monster can out i didn't get it even though its in my deal plus the skins i didn't get. please fix it i didn't pay extra for a rip-off
,Not Recommended,273350,15478173,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Communist Gandalf,"A month after release, nobody's playing it. The game is not balanced at all."
,Not Recommended,273350,21595886,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,kookaburra kuwabara,Bought this game for 40 bucks now it is free to play.....thats a great feeling.Since the stage 2 roll out the game seems to be functioning well. lets hope it stays that way
,Recommended,273350,22073711,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Mayhem,"I only recomend this game because of its solid multiplayer experience... This is probably the only game that i have on PC or console that forces you to think with your team mates on how to take down the monster and etc... The only thing that i dont like abou the game is its content, if they had evrything at launch it would be a great game, its average... Around a 5/10 or a 6/10... And it is definetly not worth the $80 (aud). Luckly i got the game when it had a sale not too long ago, about a day or two when this review is up... Its more a $20 game or a $15 game. So get this game when it has a sale... It is not worth the $80 (aud) especialy on how much content there is and the amount of dlcs."
,Recommended,273350,24160965,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,NλZΩ,Dont make me lose another asymmetrical FPS game again
76561198082255145,Recommended,273350,29767278,Posted: 7 February,all,👑•●Infuengo●•👑,This game is on my top 5 games i recomned it to play it´s beutifull game for me it´s just my opinion
76561198069614581,Recommended,273350,29915388,Posted: 13 February,all,mrjeffums,"The game is fun and looks good, but its dead not enough people play and the devs just gave up on it. It is cool that it is free to play now. If it gets more players it could be revived. Turtle Rock can do good things to this game."
,Recommended,273350,24249766,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Local Villain,(y)
,Recommended,273350,30229846,Posted: 27 February,all,Pauses123,cool
,Recommended,273350,15288720,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,TheGrimReaper,"Evolve is a great game, it caters to the vast majority of gamers. You can be the damage dealer to the healer. its one of those games that u can come back to again and again. the dlc is expencive but worth it. wait until it drops in price for a bit thou cos it is a bit expencive."
76561198071491063,Recommended,273350,16609747,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,5da520440785b95df2c6016087c315ae,"Although the prices of everything about this game are two high,it's really a very cool game.The monsters and hunters are so unique and intresting.But the growing system is a bit frustrating because many requirements for unlocking new hunter need much time  to achive."
,Recommended,273350,16609244,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Scripophily,"Crazy, fun.Helps make a bond with your friend on map control and killing monster."
,Recommended,273350,25641867,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,honidian,Highly enjoyable with the new updates.
,Not Recommended,273350,15643279,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Rere,"DLC Simulator 2015.Would get a refund if I could.Then again, they probably are planing a Refund DLC where you just have to pay the full amount of the game to get it taken away from your library...Good job, Turtle Rock."
,Not Recommended,273350,34465745,Posted: 24 August,all,G.E.W.H. Isaac Clarke,"A long time ago I used to play this game on console (the only way that I could've) and it was great and balanced in it's early days and the only thing that would make you lose would've been your skills or your teammates, BUT RIGHT NOW THERE IS SO MUCH CRAP FOR THE HUNTERS THAT IT'S ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE FOR A MONSTER TO WIN, THE GAME IS NOT BALANCED AND THE HUNTERS ARE OVERPOWERED, THIS GAME DOESN'T MEET THE STANDARDS TO BE AN ENJOYABLE MULTIPLAYER EXPERIENCE.I really used to love this game, but right now it's rotting to the bone..."
76561198122781924,Recommended,273350,29673832,Posted: 3 February,all,A bear fucked your mom,"Dear 2k GamesPlease fix this problem:everytime i try to play it tells me to fix my networki am right next to the router and every game like Gmod and Tom Clancy Rainbow Six Siege is running perfect no lag,no dissconecting cause of network issues please fix this becouse i am a very big fan of your games and keep up the good work"
,Recommended,273350,31316892,Posted: 23 April,all,Sgt.DARKY,When i bought it my computer could not run it. When i got a better computer game have died (you know what i mean). But i still love the idea of the game!!!
76561197980921852,Not Recommended,273350,25920895,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Corax,"This was a lot of fun initialy, but they make you go through a tuturial just to play after unlocking everything prior to the game going free. Obvious lack of recognition for players understanding or really any care for the general consumer. Wouldn't recommend anyone play this if you bought it previously."
76561198127220468,Recommended,273350,32421219,Posted: 14 June,all,wesbobsquarepants,"just awesome to play, and feels grand to play as the monster."
76561198033443772,Recommended,273350,33482761,Posted: 12 July,all,Vortex,I love this game and I still believe it will come back!
76561198210492196,Recommended,273350,33598507,Posted: 16 July,all,Another Danny Phantom AMV,Best game ever!!!!!!! Bring back unkilled player option as a report option.
,Recommended,273350,32149010,Posted: 3 June,all,Kairos,"I spent a bit of time in this game when it was new, and I absolutely loved it. It's true that TRS made some mistakes with their business model with this game. However, looking at the game itself it was a blast. This game deserves much more attention, especially now that it ditched it's AAA price."
,Recommended,273350,32639435,Posted: 22 June,all,Cube,Turned f2peven though I already had it
,Not Recommended,273350,14417037,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Mufausa The 3rd,"DLC Packs, reptitive gameplay (Even when playing with friends), poor optimization on ALL PLATFORMS (EXCEPT FOR THE XBONE VERSION), and just the initial cost of the game is way too much. I honestly reccommend getting the game during a sale. I don't even think it will be worth it at even $40-50. You're still gunna have to own up to a crap ton of the DLC that should have been in the game to start with. It's a damn shame that Valve didn't publish this game instead of 2K Games..."
76561198172094875,Not Recommended,273350,14422685,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Hatsune Mikuru,"DLC everywhere!!! It costs too much money for the small amount of content, but wait, if you want more content buy dlc who is way to overpriced. Also my game lags really much. Its probably my computer but im still dissapointed. All that money wasted..... R.I.P Money"
76561198164290981,Recommended,273350,14421917,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Kraggon,"Holly♥♥♥♥♥♥THIS IS MY FARVORITE GAME EVER!I am always think that would be cool to be like,the villian or the boss,and this game shows that how woud be cool to kick butts,Or get kicked.Anyways people complain about the DLC but im dont see any problem with that.If you played:Primal carnage,Neutral selection 2. its an recomanded game!"
,Recommended,273350,17199781,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,✰Spooksune Miku✰,"Yeah yeah the price is high and all, but as a, hardcore casual you may say, this game destroys my laptop. I bought a lot of gear and the laptop I own isnt too shabby for gaming, this pushes it to the limits tho. Casuals beware..."
,Not Recommended,273350,17341084,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,munkieie,Best Running Simulator 2015. Poop.
,Recommended,273350,17907913,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,iFrog,love this game definately gona buy as soon as possible
,Not Recommended,273350,18682759,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,genesect2,"Like most of the people (including me) who saw this game on sale and watched the trailers and gameplay vidoes and bought it, BE WARNED! This game is very team heavy and is only fun if you play with friends, or do you will listen to some random guy shout at you for how much of a noob you are. DLC makes this game somewhat fun, to my dismay, as it costs a whopping $9.99 for Behemoth. Save that DLC money and the money you wanted to use to buy this game for another great title in the Steam library. Otherwise, this will gather dust in your hard drive and you will most likely forget about it.Other gripes about Evolve include: requires a considerably beefy computer, which isn't that big of a problem for most Steam users, but for the casual player, it may be larger, and on the topic of casual gamers, again, requires lots of skill, so forget about CS:GO and TF2 for a while and play only this game and learn a class and monster. And finally, the matchmaking sytem. As a game that restricts your options of the class you main, you better hope your mouse is responsive to click on that icon, because everyone else wants to be the Assault class too."
,Recommended,273350,16535344,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Chicken,"Very fun except for the maps. Sometimes too open, sometimes too small, making it alot easier for hunters.It'd be better to have made them bigger as well.On the other hand it is quite entertaining."
,Not Recommended,273350,17877428,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Motif,waste of money
,Not Recommended,273350,17353471,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,D3ATHSPARK,This was a game I was looking forward to for a LONG time only to be disappointed on the launch. People try to compare it to Left 4 Dead but the teamwork aspect is not on the same level nor does skill even matter much. There were too many cons for me to continue playing this game for long...Pros:Cool characters and conversationsCons:Terrible level designExtremely repetitive gameplayMoster seems to excel in tight spaces and hunters in areaFour smart and organized hunters will ALWAYS winWORST MATCHMAKING I'VE EVER SEEN IN ANY GAME!!!
76561198002308303,Recommended,273350,17909430,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,.:LEGEND:. GreenArr0w,"This game is AMAZING. One of the very best game you will play.After playing this game I learned that most, if not all, of the negative reviews for this game are just wrong.They don't do this gem of a game any justice.This is a Maserpiece, Everything is simply awesome, deep gameplay and very intense fight with your team versus the giant monster.   Buy it and join this beautiful universe.100% The best game of the years."
76561198144584547,Not Recommended,273350,18088495,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,ridikhood123,i can sorta recomend its free now but its still got a lot of problmens
76561197973341059,Not Recommended,273350,18090920,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Garrus,"Dont buy it, servers are dead."
76561198138037211,Not Recommended,273350,17904760,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Cawg,"Finally dead, now if only TRS would die with it."
,Not Recommended,273350,17883199,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,xX F4NT1M Xx,"Actually a really good game, had massive potential. It was let down by all the launch day DLC and the fact that hardly anyone plays now because of it."
,Not Recommended,273350,18632293,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,ReignDarkness,"Before I hit level cap this game was fun, It felt good to be a monster. But now I'm constantly up against try hard kids and their pay to win characters...Paying £40 on a game with little substance, filled with glitches was a terrible mistake on my part. This feels like a f2p game rather than an actual game. What is with developers nowadays releasing games with just pvp and little else, titanfall as an example. Waste your ""hard earned"" money somewhere else, I hear Metal Gear Phantom Pain is out?"
76561198062282008,Not Recommended,273350,16503862,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Meh,"This is the most bland repetitive fps/strategy game ive ever seen. Its the exact same thing over and over and over again, I would not reccomend it even at the 50% discount, wait for it to go down to 75%, otherwise dont buy it. I cant describe how let down I was. It had so much potential but it just completely messed up.TL;DR : sucks dont buy unless 75% off."
76561198100662369,Not Recommended,273350,19325243,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Nut,"TL; DR: IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A GOVERNMENT TIER COMPUTER DO NOT INVEST YOUR MONEYKeep in mind this problem lies on my end, not the game's. But, I still can't recommend a game that is unplayable. I have a fast windows 8 desktop computer and also have great wifi, but I can get more frames per second on a Microsoft Powerpoint presentation than with Evolve. I have all my graphic settings set on the lowest possible settings and have done everything within the game to improve the speed and quality, yet I can't make it past the first checkpoint of the first tutorial without having the game crash..."
,Not Recommended,273350,17921722,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Mecha Tuber,Super fun concept but Behemoth is op as ♥♥♥♥. Can destroy hunters without having to evolve at all. If you want a balanced competative game look elsewhere
,Recommended,273350,17969702,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Downstream,Took me two days to download. So much for that free weekend. 5/5 would download again.
76561198057837189,Recommended,273350,14460136,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Velen,"Evolve is a beautiful game, capable of providing hours of fun by playing by yourself or others (including friends). Unfortunatly the games ""mixed"" reveiws is driven by the shear amount of dlc complaints when in truth the majority of complaints are buyable skins. That being said, I personally find this game very fun/exciting. There are two types of playble things you can be, a member in a four-man squad of hunters who track down the beast through team effort and must stop it before it's task. While playing as a hunter you get this sense of danger while treking through acidic marshes or monster infested jungles. Depsite ther monster player trying to eat you there is even smaller monsters trying to kill you too. The monster is fun because even though you may be a hulkish brute with tyranical strength, a good bach of hunters can easily dispatch a monster. That being said, the monster has to play smart and use the map to his advantage and out smart the hunters. For example, when I play the monster, I love to run up to other ""big"" monsters and♥♥♥♥♥♥them off so the hunters who are chasing me have to deal with giant frog who just got ♥♥♥♥♥ slapped XD. I personally conclude that this game has hours of fun and has every right to get ""very posotive"" revies on its page. Wether your doing the campaign or trying out play hunters by using the fog inside a cave for a juke or planned attack this game is very fun.10/10 would bich slap the monster frog again."
76561198005817634,Recommended,273350,14510500,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Flipp,"This game is incredible. With the Menu type gameplay where you can customize your experience with each game, I find the game very fun and enjoyable. There is a lot of critism to if the game is worth 60 dollars. Well, as I have 50+ hours on this game which is not including the first beta, I believe that this has paid for itself in that many other games (Which ""Have content"") don't. I also have found that just like in TF2, this game cuts out all of the ""needed"" single player millarky and gets right to the good part, which is the multiplayer.If you are buying this game for the singleplayer, well you're out of luck. But If you want a great experience in multiplayer, with friends or just tearing it apart by yourself as a unique standalone monster, then you came to the right place.As a closer: A lot of bad reviews are from the people who hate the game because ""Its not just another call of duty."" This game and the developers are taking risks and developing a brand new meta to the gaming community, and hopefully Esports.Thumbs up for that. Cheers"
76561197971025431,Recommended,273350,14484269,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,TheRealRuckus,Love this game!
76561198007258915,Recommended,273350,14510299,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,H.N.I.C.,The most fun you'll ever have sitting at your computer with your pants on.
76561198143658436,Recommended,273350,14511173,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Thanatos,Fantastic game enjoyed playing this so much.
,Recommended,273350,14510920,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Chicharito #14,"Just such a great game. I would recommened waiting about a month after most of the bugs are fixed. Otherwise, just an all-around solid teamwork game."
,Recommended,273350,14516335,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Bushido Brown,"When it comes down to it, If this game was delivered in the exact state that it was and there was no buzz about DLC, I don't think there would be any complaints.This is a full game for $60.  There are 12 hunters and 3 monsters.  That's plenty; the developers don't owe us more.  We don't have any rights to a ton of characters or limitless content.  They like money, though, and I can't blame them for wanting to ask for compensation for their extra efforts.I don't want to make assumptions, but I feel as if many people are complaining without knowing how much work goes in to what the developers have made and how much work is going in to the DLC they are going to deliver.  I'm ignorant, too, I'll admit; for all I know, it takes one guy a single hour to make a character, but chances are likely that it takes a lot more work and man hours.Bottom line, it's a solid, full game.  If there were no mention of DLC, the complaints would be less verbose."
,Recommended,273350,14493490,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Abject,"Good lawdy, this is a good game!"
76561198011466608,Recommended,273350,14510949,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Finigan,It's fun.
,Recommended,273350,14511139,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Hendralisk,"A lot of fun. The DLC is restricted to mostly just minior skins. 8 Hunters and 3 monsters come with it, and you'll have access to all the maps.All the DLC whinning is unfair. Feels like a great game that is suffering from people taking out their frustration with the gaming industry."
76561198063135928,Recommended,273350,14509724,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Ricknorris,11/10
76561198093702533,Recommended,273350,14510632,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,GingyMinaj,"This is by far my favorite game and has been such a great game since the beta. Balance play, each class is fun to play and the fact that the outcome of the game depends on all parties working together, is awesome.The only unblanace i have seen which seems to be getting better is the wraith.  So fast and elusive, it is almost impossible to find unless the person playing doesn't know what crouch is.  Even though the wraith has a low shield compared to other classes, the attack power and speed more than makes up for it.One think i don't like and didn't realize until after buying the DLC pack is that there is still about $90 of DLC that is not included in any of the Additional options.  Says that it includes 4 skins, are these skins going to be released at a later date, do I get whats listed on the DLC market, or do i get for total (1 for each monster plus an additional 1)?Overall i would say that this game is well worth the money, not including all DLC items.  You only really need the basic pack to enjoy all of the action at this point in the game.  Anything else that you want is there for you to buy."
,Recommended,273350,14585170,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Perssonce,"I really enjoy the game and it's super fun to play all day long,I think its worth the money BUT it depends on your play style if you will like this game or not. I don't agree to the mostly bad reviews about this game, ,It's mostly about the first day dlc and stuff but don't be so butthurt and play the game, If people wanna buy dlc it's up to them. Its a great a game and I think they've done a great job."
76561198015581928,Not Recommended,273350,14963851,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Storm Poopers,Its been out fo 5 minutes and now its 25% off? Wtf go to hell.
,Not Recommended,273350,18884869,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Andrew Patroclus,updated review: i cant believe that i paid full price for this at launch. and what do i get after they go free to play? about $3 USD in-game currency. thanks
,Recommended,273350,14431718,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Fernando Alonso,"I really like this game alot , enough that i bought the PC Monster Race Pack, im happy spending that on a game i think is worth it ! However i do dislike the cash cow store with over priced digital crap! DONT TREAT GAMERS LIKE CASH COWS!.1. The Game Is AWESOME2, Up To You If You Spend Ya Money ON DLC3. Best team FPS EVER4. Dont Listen To The Haters"
,Recommended,273350,24204254,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Ambru | Marius,"The free to play model is the best thing that could have happened to this game, not a single paywall anyomore, good job, turtle rock.Also, yes the game itself always was amazing, so give it a try!"
,Recommended,273350,15033464,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Bold Elf,I love this Game I have over 130 hours on it from release not including my time in the alpha and beta I find it alot of fun playing both the monster and hunters.  Turtle rock and 2K also seem to listen to thier fans which is a good thing to see.  There should be some more nice additions in the future in the form or observer mode etc.I think this game got alot of bad press due to people seeing day 1 DLC (which was all cosmetic so does not effect game play) and so down voted it which it did not deserve.Each Game is completely different as the Monster and hunters are both controlled.  I have never had a single game be the same.Also Turtle Rock/2K have promised not to split the comunity so if you dont buy the new hunters or monsters you can still play with your friends who do.  They are also releasing new map packs and game modes all for FREE :)So in a nutshell if the game looks interesting to you I would deffinately recomend buying it.Come Join the Hunt :D
,Not Recommended,273350,15516940,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Sin~Ceer,this game was nothing like I thought it would be...if your wanting to play this game for a singleplayer experience DO NOT BOTHER
,Not Recommended,273350,15562560,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Acy,Not worth it. I want my money back :(
,Recommended,273350,16082989,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,mbob3,"Great Game but get it on sale, it's not worth 60$"
76561198003075190,Not Recommended,273350,15599899,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Emiscary,"Don't pay money for this game.I tried so very hard to like it, and I've only ever been wound up regretting it.The game's so imbalanced and glitchy it still feels like an Alpha.There's pathetically little content for sale at an absolutely extortinate price. The community is tiny, elitist, obnoxious and revolves around expoiting whatever happens to be the least balanced character at any one moment.If you like the premise enough to still be interested with all that in mind, just wait for it to go free to play. Because it will."
,Not Recommended,273350,30064978,Posted: 20 February,all,GaMaLlama,Gave it a short try despite the negative reviews. Turns out everyone was right. Not worth playing. Deduced that from less than an hour.
,Recommended,273350,24281184,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,[Prets] Konoka,Better than before
,Recommended,273350,25294750,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Izunundara,"Yeah no we got a new game for free, I ain't complaining. I miss the 5 round campaign mode, and I dearly hope they bring it back, but aside from that, we're being given new characters for free, new maps, new modes, a perk system which adds some customizability and strategy to pregame, EVERYTHING for FREE. Which worries me because goddamn Turtle Rock how are you still afloat?"
,Recommended,273350,30771153,Posted: 27 March,all,Bass][e,"★★★★☆The thing I love about this game is the setting and character. It comes across like an 90's sci-fi movie, with the cartoon-esque characters and tension building. That tension building - the antipation to find the monster - is what killed the fun for many players after 10 or so hours. It basicly meant you were running a lot. With Stage 2, that aspect has been minimalized, but it comes with a cost.I feel like that the game just falls apart if a teammate just doesn't coöperate. I've witnessed and played a couple of matches wherein the monster never even LEFT and just detroyed the whole team after a tough fight. I can't imagine how impossible it would have been if it even evolved to the next stage.It was after such an incident where I stopped playing. I don't like to be that toxic player spewing anger at my teammates, but this game has come to a point where its very likely that I was doing exactly that.Despite this, there ARE fun and exciting matches to enjoy. If everybody is doing his part, paying attention to the signals, signs and whatnut in the game, than the game is a joy to play --- hence the abundance of high scores of the gaming media?It's free to play! I don't see how this game isn't worth atleast a try when there are far more worse F2P games out there."
76561198073164008,Recommended,273350,33870443,Posted: 28 July,all,Magnus Medic,Best game I've ever played!!!
,Recommended,273350,24262060,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,DragonFlayer,"It's free now, so sure"
76561198029014047,Not Recommended,273350,19955820,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Knives,"cool idea. if you like squad based games play as humans (read, like using a mic if you want to be more than decent), or if you like carrying a game solo play as the monster. maybe you can justify buying this on sale for <$20 if that sounds appealing."
76561197972580654,Recommended,273350,19946000,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,ZeVeN,Outstanding game! lobby is lacking refinement but works okay once you get it. invite or join on friends works well.
,Not Recommended,273350,17943528,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Gum,Cool concept but its highly buggy and has a balancing problem
76561197967342640,Not Recommended,273350,14992695,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Doctor_Cyan,I want my money back -_-
,Not Recommended,273350,23426751,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,butterdick,At least I'm not the only one with this game stuck in their Library.
76561198111720682,Not Recommended,273350,15795881,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Luxray,if you are going to get this game do not get it for pc. the reason why is on pc matches are not balanced and are very one sided towards the hunter.
76561198088395292,Recommended,273350,15125819,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Abraham,brilliant game to play with mates
,Recommended,273350,19103816,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Aufrichtigkeit,"Despite everything, this has been my go-to competitive online game for most of 2015. Yeah, it has (had?) serious flaws, but no other game out there is even similar to this and the devs have been extremely faithful and candid.I really, really hope this game gets it playerbase back via F2P or something soon."
,Not Recommended,273350,23107790,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Bjorne,I remember all the hype around this game. I waited months for it to come out and I probably played it for a few weeks until it got repetitive and boring.but hey at least I got a 15 dollar monster for free...
76561198139546596,Recommended,273350,24160763,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,morochaherrera,FREEE TO PLAYY :D
76561198140934498,Not Recommended,273350,15367579,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Bandit,"(P.S. Using surface pro 2 game needs more support to other computers) I forked over the $60 and do i regret it, my Frames Per Second drop at crashing rates. Solo loads up fine until the last 85%, at that point it wont load so i cant practice. Evolve is ok... exept THERE IS NO TEAM WORK at least none i can find the monster wins because of lack of teamwork."
76561197981425096,Recommended,273350,16051484,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Flying Scorpion,"I was skeptical at first, and I didn't plan on getting this game. I was heavily invested into EVE Online and decided to try this game out during the free ""Big Alpha"" test or whatever it was called. My computer had a really hard time handling the graphics, but besides that, I enjoyed my time playing the game.Fast forwards to Evolve's release. I'm still happily invested into EVE Online and I see a lot of mixed reviews. About 70% of the reviews were positive, and about 30% were negative. I watched ""Angry Joe"" youtube review of the game, and I think he was too harsh on the game, but in general, I just didn't want to spend $70 to play this.After awhile I saw that someone I follow on youtube was playing a lot of Evolve and uploading videos. The game looked fun, based on what I saw in his videos. Then I decided to give it a try. I do not regret buying this game. It's well worth the price tag, as the developers have put a lot of effort into this game, and you can tell.The monster designs are awesome, the terrain, wildlife, graphics, rain, snow, sound effects, visual effects, the commentary between the characters, the background story, it all creates a fun environment to hunt monsters in... or BE the monster in.This game is like the most intense version of hide and seek that you can play.One of the biggest reasons why I got into this game, is because I used to play a fair bit of League of Legends years ago. I loved the competitive aspect of the game, but I hated getting teamed up with bad players. I would lose my temper, and not have fun. So I stopped playing because I was just getting too angry. Now when I play Evolve, I have the option of either teaming up with other players to hunt down the big bad monster, or I get to SOLO PLAY as the big bad monster.The choice is yours... do you want to have a social gaming session, where you get to celebrate in your victories or lament in your losses with 3 other players... or go in like a lone wolf to tear up the hunter team?Negatives:-There are some balance issues, but the developers seem to be working actively on this and introduce frequent ""micro-patches"" to tweak the game towards the best balance that they can achieve.-You need at least an Nvidia GTX 560 to play this game. The game looks beautiful on max settings though :)"
,Recommended,273350,17919726,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Eldolis,this game is awesome 10/10 must play
76561198240424236,Recommended,273350,17931375,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,dovakiintv,"This game is beautiful! Its fun, competative and INANE!"
76561197976657026,Recommended,273350,20544905,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Vadcab,It is a first person shooter utilizing strategy and a third person brawler. Well balanced and hours of enjoyment.
76561198165751522,Recommended,273350,20941537,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Shark,This game is awesome it is thrilling in 1v1 situation you have to think or you die. The monster is balanced with the hunters each hunter having a different can make certain strategies powerful and make the monster think about who to attack
,Recommended,273350,24823470,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,[NCP] blood_guts,"One of the greatest games I've ever playedan asymetrical 4v1 multiplayer game that works at the highest levels of play. Whenever I get a game I try it out on it's highest difficulty and it'd rare that they still function at that level. This game is one of the few beautiful exceptionsmedic, support, trapper, assault all contribute incredibly importart aspects to the team and at higher levels if any of the four aren't playing as well as they can be the monster will win. every role is unique and has the feeling of an entirely different gameplaying monster is like this to an even more extreme degree. People spend thousands of hours never even touching the other side of the game because each half is so fully developed that it never feels like you're missing any of the game by never switching sides. some people never even try out all of the hunter classes because they have so much fun on one or two roles. each class is divided into 7 or more characters which even further change your experience. The same can be said about monster. Every monster is a different experience to play as or fight.There is a staggering amount of complexity to this game that is incredible to explore.The downside is balance and skill ceilings. most people don't have the patience to learn how to play and losing can get frustrating. The balance isn't quite there either. There are problems and as this game is frozen in time forever those problems wont be solved. some characters never reached their true potential.playing with randoms can get annoying too. one player can throw the game unless you carry hard. But some of my fondest memories are of me and my team having fun, goofing around, talking, and smashing monsters.I recomend this game strongly. the only downside really is that there might not be enough people to get a match quickly."
76561198260826684,Recommended,273350,29411910,Posted: 21 January,all,puturter,"This is an awsome game, but for some reason i cant claim my daily rewards. But aside from that complaint this game is overall a very good game"
,Recommended,273350,15213122,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,toolbear,"TL;DR* top-notch competition, gameplay, graphics, mechanics, level design, and voice acting* minor bugs and balance issues can be infuriating; nevertheless, always come back for more* DLC issue was a whole lot of nothing* plan on and demand teamwork or GTFO of this challenging PVP game* Update for DLC: Tier 4 Hunter DLC = buy, Behemoth DLC = pass* Update for DLC: Tier 5 DLC = buy, will include new monster and 4 new hunters (2 already released, all relased by Feb 2016)DetailsIt's got bugs. It's got balance issues. The matchmaker can be infuriating at times. And still, I can't stop playing. It's that fun. I often leave salty; I always come back for more.The graphics, even at lowest settings, are fantastic. The mechanics are fun, varied, and challenging to master. The ""meta-game"" changes often. The voice acting is good; the tidbits of backstory amusing. Balance overall is good; TRS actively uses telemetry to fine tune the game. Maps are well crafted, from playability to balance. They are beautiful and lush in parts and as barren as a desert in others; simultaneously familiar and alien.The DLC brouhaha was exactly that: a noisy and overexcited reaction or response. Pre-order plus hunter DLC ran me $85. That's a few months of WoW. That's a fraction of what I spent on Hearthstone.  That said, Evolve is fully enjoyable with the base game. As of this writing the tier 4 hunters are OP, but a balance patch will fix the worst outliers soon; all base hunters will be equally viable. There are no game types nor maps for which you are locked out. Update: Tier 4 Hunters are toned down, but still fun and viable. Behemoth on the other hand is currently a very challenging (in the bad way) monster to play; I got him for $0 because of pre-order; I would be very disappointed had I paid $15 for him given his current state. Checktalk.turtlerock.com, look for the ESL stats and see if anybody is picking (and winning) with Behemoth unless you've got $15 to throw away for a little more variety.With over two-thousand hours logged with L4D/L4D2 I was hoping Evolve would be its successor in my PVP FPS lineup. It was. Even after playing Evolve in the Big Alpha, L4D2 versus mode lost all color and appeal. Evolve has everything it offered, and more. More variety, more challenge, more intensity.Against all but the least experienced Monster coordination, teamwork, and tactics are key. The game is balanced for competitive play. A skillfull monster requires a skillfull team of hunters to counter. This often makes PUG games frustrating. If you find teammates you enjoyed a few games, friend them and group up often. The difference even two cooperating hunters makes is pronounced.The best monster players require a pre-made group to take down. Everyone must be on mic. Communication should be terse and tactical. The remaining time should be spent listening to the environment as it often reveals the direction of the monster. All of these are nigh impossible to achieve in a random PUG game; consider that if you prefer gaming without friends involved. Learning to play monster may be a better fit for you.I give the matchmaker a lot of grief, but it's entirely likely the matchmaker is doing the best job possible given the circumstances. It is, however, a black-box -- whether you main monster and keep getting assigned hunter or desire hunter-only play but are given the monster slot 9/10 times -- you will swear at the matchmaker at least once if only for its inscrutable criteria for honoring your indicated preference. Update: as of patch 5.0, TRS introduced Hunt 2.0 which includes a skill based rank match maker and separate hunter and monster queues. Not without its own new issues, the ranked MM is much better than its predecessor, which is still available when playing ""Skirmish"" an unranked mode that currently cycles between: Arena, Hunt, and Defend modes.TRS continues to turn out new content, a lot of it free: new modes, new maps, character ""adaptations"" like Meteor Goliath. And the DLC Tier 5 characters are trickling in.Player base is low, but I still find it playable on a regular basis even during the middle of the week."
,Not Recommended,273350,29754127,Posted: 6 February,all,eviljess,honestly not a fan of stage two i really miss the old game and thankfully there was a way to roll back to it.
,Not Recommended,273350,27002116,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ekemp,The You Deserve a Refund Award
76561198059111367,Recommended,273350,28359268,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,secret agent clank,this game use to get so much hate for not living up to the hype. but on steam turtle rock and 2k have redone the game and are super agressive with updates balanceing and the in game store. hands down one of my top favorite games since it became evolve stage 2
,Not Recommended,273350,27239794,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SpuNgy,"why u make it free 2 play, i paid £30 for this!!!!"
76561198107476856,Recommended,273350,14633115,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Player 1,This game is great. I just got it but I think I have played it enough to write a review. There are so many people complaining about lag but the only lag I have seen is in the dropship where the hunters are released. Being a hunter is so much fun and it's also fun to wreck as the monster. Very fun game :
76561198038176871,Not Recommended,273350,14650158,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,DM JoNaH DM,Regret buying  bored of it already 5/10 very average game
,Recommended,273350,14554504,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,GHOST,"Left4Dead and Unreal Tournament had a baby, and it's name is Evolve.  I'm loving the game so far.  Lots of team strategy when hunting, and lots of solo sneak strategy when playing as the monster.Granted, the price point of the game is a bit high if you don't intend to play on a regular basis.  For those that play more casually, I'd advise waiting for a steam sale or a price drop."
76561198075139444,Not Recommended,273350,14641868,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Digital Dildozer,gets old really fast.
,Not Recommended,273350,16502384,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Scuba Corgi,"DO NOT BUY THIS, GAME HAS LESS THAN 800 PLAYERS AT ANY TIME - YOU CANNOT FIND A GAME TO JOIN - DO  N O T BUY"
76561197990834620,Recommended,273350,18052075,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,ChopperMac,Good♥♥♥♥♥♥  Finding games no problems and also bought another copy for my brother to go online and have private matches
,Recommended,273350,14540307,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Countyzz. III,Great game.Don't read nigative reviews because it's all about DLC's price but not the gameplay.Just buy it in summer sales or something.
,Recommended,273350,14551040,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,PostalPatriot,"First off don't buy into the BS thats flying around that this game  has day one game play dlc content. It dosn't there isn't a single peice of DLC that effects game play. It's all purely cosmetic at this point. The more expensive version is you getting the game and basiclly preordering things that are not out yet new characters and monsters, most of which at this time aren't even in develpoment (aside from one monster)  It's a way for you to save some dough in the long run, Personally i wouldn't but the monster race adttion, cause i can't say if i will even be playing when all the content comes out months down the road.  I just feel like there is a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of misinformation going on, and some really poor marketing when it comes to how they are selling it.  Bottom line folks its a great game, there is no Day 1, GAMEPLAY dlc."
,Not Recommended,273350,14503558,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Lust,Rip 2015 Cashgrab.
,Recommended,273350,14554014,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,ManKloon,"This is a great game IF you have a good group to play with. Honestly, if you are only going to play alone or PUG's then your money can definately be better spent elsewhere. That said I can't understate how much fun it is IF you can get your mates on board and play in a regular group.If you want a great coop experience with your friends, regardless of genre, then you can't really go wrong with Evolve."
76561198076157148,Not Recommended,273350,14566904,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,J-rivv,"Evolve is fun at times, and I think it's decent. But the appeal is not lasting, as everyone already predicted. I have played close to a 100 hours, most of it being monster. I am pretty worn out of the Evolve...  100 hours is a lot, but  it's only been a short amount of time from the release date. As a monster, you often get tried of winning so much that you don't want to play anymore, you get tired of losing so much that you don't want to play anynore, or you might not even try from the beginning. Seriously, at times, I'll dominate to point of boredom, and other times, I can't even get to stage two, and if I do get to stage two, I can't do♥♥♥♥♥♥to the hunters depending on how good the team is... Caira ruins Goliath for the most part. Caira andHank? forget about it. A team that is too good will have the munster running in circles and climbing up and down walls trying to catch hunters. A piece a♥♥♥♥♥♥teams just wantsto make you ♥♥♥♥ around as the monster and it is not amsuing as you think. There's no happy medium, at least once invest a ton of hours into the game. In the beginning, it's exciting... After some time, it's frustrating and a bit boring. I rarely play hunter, and I suck as a hunter, but that's not why I rarely play it. The hunter side is just a genericfirst person shooter, and it relies way too much on team work, whixh I am personally a lone wolf, which is why I try to as the monster, plus, the monster perspective is the only interesting thing, besides the origins of the monsters, which is not explained at all due to the lack  a proper story... The community playing Evolve is rude and immature. Like I get that you need to do your role, but's just a god damn game. But people choose to take it so seriously...whatever floats their boat. Evole is severely lacking in content to justify the $60 orice tag.... Plus, just look at all the releases and planned DLC, as well as the outrageous prices that accompany the DLC? Now, if all te planned DLC was part of the base game, Evolve might be worth the $60, but that is not the case... so I do not recommend Evolve, unless it goes on sale to about $40. I do not really regret buying the game... I just wish there wasn't so many discouraging things, and that there was things to me interested. I still continue to play it, but I get worn out midmatch a lot of the time... and if not then, after two or three matches. sometimeas I can only find the same people on a pub server, which makes me think the game is some what dying already, which would not be surpising. so, save your money for now, and wait for a sale, which by then, there may not be many peope playing... but hopefully the game will be at $20 if that's the case. 2K is a greedy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥publisher... but they don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ and laugh at comments like these, because they know regardless of how overpriced their DLC is, people will buy it."
,Not Recommended,273350,14473632,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Menace,"Too many people complaining about this game's DLC and not giving real reveiws, 0/10 would not recommend."
,Recommended,273350,14727762,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,† arcade blues †,"Hello Dr Vegapunk,Thank you for contacting 2K Support!I'm sorry to hear that you can't join any of your friends because it says you've been banned. Let's see what we can do to get you hunting with your friends. Have you tried restarting Steam? That should be the first thing we try. If restarting Steam doesn't do the trick then we should sign out and use a different Steam account to sign in. Then try signing back into your Steam account to see if you can now join parties. Hope this helps!Looking forward to your reply,Victoria H.2K Support"
,Not Recommended,273350,14509215,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,SgtWireless,"After being rebooted everything was going so well, until some odd business descisions left the game in an odd place, unbalanced hunters, repeated nerfs and buffs to the wrong characters, some hunters unplayble, and then straight up adding a new game breaking medic character. It was looking shaky but i believed in them still, that was until they started banning players for nothing, friends banned for stepping in plants, friend banned for telling someone playing poorly, this i cannot accept and until actions to undo this mess are made, its over."
76561198055252722,Recommended,273350,24357562,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Chaotic Serpent,"i payed for the monster race pc edition for about 100$ and now its f2p, so dumb, but the game itself is good"
,Recommended,273350,17863179,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Reedy159,"love this game to pieces, but they need to make it a free to play on a week end to show how good the game is to increase the amout of people who play it. Put it on sale as well so people like me who spent £70 on this game finally have people to play with!!! other than that 10/10"
76561197982585547,Recommended,273350,14513228,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,ReVaN,"They went for something different and nailed it. Loads of fun, solo or coop whichever is your cup of tea. Give it a try, won't disappoint."
,Recommended,273350,24164429,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Bryan - Legend of Luca,"Despite all of this game's flaws, I really get an adrenaline rush every time I play a monster."
,Recommended,273350,24169221,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,¿¿,"I had 0.1 hours played after pre-ordering the game because of the Pay2Win structure of being able to purchase unlocks with real money.  Now that the game is unlockable only through playing, or already having everything, it seems much more attractive to me.  The game I paid for is what the game was meant to be, and going F2P is a step in the right direction."
76561198258431091,Not Recommended,273350,19568640,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,TShirtsHaveSouls,"It was a great game, still is for me, I just don't recommend this game to people who want to climb the ladder.Because you're either going to spend at least 10minutes waiting in queue for players who sometimes leave, or getting disconnected at random times ingame or in the character selection, not to mention that you'll get a 4-5 min punishment when you leave or get disconnected.People who have a lot of patient and don't really care about ranks might still consider buying this (on sale).Such a shame, this game had such potential, but it looks like there must come an end to all things."
,Not Recommended,273350,19315174,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Classé LFT,This game was supposed to be great. It has everything going for it.  Honestly it is a great game but the greedy devs just keep holding their hand out for more money.  Not one but TWO seasons passes!!!! This is why I tend to stray away from AAA titles.  This is a prime example of what not to do. They killed their own fanbase.
76561198132344618,Not Recommended,273350,18803433,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,DeadLine,"The game has become pay to play, throught many new hunter and no new monster to balance these hunters that have been made heavily over powered the AI being able to see through bushes because a normal person can see through walls?becomes heavily annoying the newer hunters are not balanced and there being no new monsters and to get these new hunters you have to pay again ontop of buying the game.Evolve has become Pay to win.and I now hate this game."
,Not Recommended,273350,19763424,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,NordicApache,The tutorial was neat. I spent a lot of time in que for no one to play with. The game mechanics are awesome but the devolper seems to have♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off the community. I paid $13 for it and it still ain't worth it if there is no one to play with because the devolper nickle and dimes the community. Matchmaking is a joke. The game even told me they made improvements to matchmaking. What improvements? Are they telling me it was even worse than what I saw? Good greif.5/7: Would get refund again.
76561198126290419,Recommended,273350,19772081,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,GrimmProdigy,I know that this game gets a bad rep but it's honestly one of the most fun games I've played in a REAL long time.
76561198061099238,Recommended,273350,19718169,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Gadgeteer88,"I would recommend this game to anyone who is like me and loves the aspect of playing as a boss (the monster) in the game. I think this game is probably the most well-executed game in being a boss as it plays like a godzilla movie, just with evolving and a great landscape. But i do warn you that some of the games might seem repetitive to some people, as the monster is always running away and eating little dinosaurs at first. The best bits of the game are the ending bits, as pretty much every match ends in a epic battle between both sides. Playing as the hunters requires teamwork, so if you dont have a mic, or find it hard to co-operate with other players, well you either put this game on pass or play as the monster, who dies alone.Yes, the DLC is overpriced but its mostly skins. If you want to, you could go out and splash some cash on the other DLC characters but they aren't really needed as the supplied characters are just as good in their own unique way. Really its up to yor play style, if you want to be a brute but dont want to spend money on Behemoth, then use Goliath, he's also a brute and can pack a real punch. Wraith is also a great character, almost like Gorgon. They boh use hit and run and ambush tactics. By the time you've played Evolve quite a few times, you'll probably get the hang of it and won't have needed to pay those extra bits of money. Also with the hunters, Hyde and Abe are great and are already supplied.My verdict is that if you like playing as a boss and monsters, get this game, it will be great for you. But if you're not into monsters and hunts, then this game will probably be great for the first few hours but will fade away and will be a relic in your steam library. Evolve has a great community of people and so far, the matches only take 2-10 to find.Yes, i know i've got only 16 hours on this game, but i know enough to tell you the truth.Have fun, and choose wisely!"
76561198041708325,Not Recommended,273350,20725613,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Akiraspin,"Devs are just too ♥♥♥♥ing greedy.A fun game plagued by over 300 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars worth of DLC that should have all been including in the base game.Instead of fun and long rounds of 30 minute hunts where you never know what's going to happen next, you get 4 minute brawls and another 20 minutes of just chasing the ♥♥♥♥ing monster until you get lucky and your cage lands on him.The entire game is not spent hunting the monster, it's just spent chasing him.Playing as the monster is slightly better than the hunters, the ball always starts in your hands so to speak, so you get to decide whether or not to play it stealthy. But more often than not you have a better chance at winning just ♥♥♥♥ing running around eating whatever gets in your way and then keep running. Maps are ♥♥♥♥ing PUNY, and there is hardly any Verticality. Trees aren't worth♥♥♥♥♥♥ you can't really set up ambushes, and there is too much easy-mode tracking for the Hunters to find you. You're going to spend 80% of EVERY match running from people one tenth your size. That's ♥♥♥♥ing stupid.I really really liked this game in beta, but with monsters that are CORE components of the game being sold for 20 bucks a piece and theres only 5 monsters out? Yeah the ♥♥♥♥ right.Spend that 40 bucks on better games and then the other 40 on dinner for your folks. Avoid this donkey feces if you value your cash."
76561198068492288,Not Recommended,273350,14653567,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Dead Soul,"Too expensive DLC's !!! And they were ready before the game was sold , huge scam !"
76561198038149462,Not Recommended,273350,16982499,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Sparky862,"Look at all the DLC on this game, and you tell me if this is worth it?? Besides all that the game is repetitive, doing the same thing over and over again. But most of all, the DLC, this is one greedy company that had 1st day release DLC. Rather take your money some place else, dont waste it on this game, there are alot of other pvp games thats way better than this....like  Depth for example or Nosgoth"
76561198021750126,Recommended,273350,17103143,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,godofwin,"ถ้าเป็นคนไทยละก็ซื้อเลยเหอะครับ เเม่งมันส์จริง มีกลุ่มมี community รอไว้หมดเเล้ว เล่นด้วยกันเป็นทีมมันส์โครตๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆ สนุกมากเลยจริงครับbest experience game for co op ,action and teamplay with friendu will never regret. This game awesome!!!!!!!!!!! very fun"
76561198049767531,Not Recommended,273350,18385877,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Dr.Evil Genius,Says I own it when i don't.
,Recommended,273350,18008743,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Your Conscience,"I feel compelled to write a review of this game. I've been with Evolve since the start. I participated in the open beta and have been playing Evolve since day one. Yes, Evolve had dlc on launch. But what most critics forget to tell you is that all that dlc was skins. Meaning it was just customizable content you could get to add flair to your hunters or monsters. The game was sound. It was excatly what I was expecting. A Multi-player only 4v1 game. If multiplayer isnt your style, dont get the game, simple as that. But if you enjoy multi-player, I would recommend this game. The base game comes with all maps and gamemodes, 12 hunters and 3 monsters (4 monsters technically if you count the alternate version of goliath). there are 2 hunting season passes available right now, Don't mistake these for your standard DLC ""season pass"" most games have. Think of these as bundles for tiers of hunters and monsters. And all these dlc charaters are of course optional to buy, meaning that you dont need these dlc's to be better at the game. they simply allow you to have different play styles and different means of combat.  All in all the game is good, yes there are some things that need work, the game is not perfect by any means. But the devs are constantly updating and fixing the game. So at least they are activly trying to patch the game.  Take my review for what you will. And if you do get the game, see you on shear.- Conscience"
,Not Recommended,273350,17105639,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,vikingfbm,"A really nice idea and visually stunning, but I really dislike thier stance on DLCI effectively paid for content that can't be accessed without grinding bot / MP matches to Unlock it.They should have released a completed game, with the option to either grind/ unlock new characters or buy them via Season Pass."
76561197996620027,Not Recommended,273350,16923028,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,smellydirt,Endless running. No hunting at all. A very very disappointing game.
,Not Recommended,273350,20682510,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Sapinda Chatterjee,"Either pay for the game, or have in game purchases. Don't allow people to purchase a game for £40 then make them pay more to play new characters which are an integral part of the game. Will not be playing this anymore."
,Recommended,273350,20741068,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Everendless,"This game has many elements that work very well. I played the beta back before its actual launch. I am a system builder, and beginner Youtuber. Being a team game, I thought it would be great to capture some great teamwork gameplay. As this is totally true, the amount of content you play through is very slim. The original playstyle I thought would work very well, ended up getting old very fast. Some games, you find the enemy monster instantly, some games its half an hour before you catch up. Sometimes the monster just runs away, and you cant catch it. There are plenty of items you have to aid in defeating the monster, as well as trap the monster. But with 20+ hours in the beta, along with 20+ hours of actual gameplay, the amount of floating around with no jetpack fuel killed it for me. Sure, other game modes are available. But after having to get through the Crossfire issues early on, the amount of content was not enough for me to play for weeks on end. I definitely will be going back for a match once in a while, but after pre purchasing the 80 USD digital deluxe package, I thought this game would hook me, and it did not. I will recommend this game only if its way cheaper than it was."
,Not Recommended,273350,20267562,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Ｍａｒｓｂａｒｆ,It takes longer to find a monster in a lobby then to find a monster in a match.
,Not Recommended,273350,17617629,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Pickled_Clitoris,"Game was decent for killing time, but with the new matchmaking system its just godaweful takes ages to get a game with people keep leaving or matchmaking failing.The balance is pretty aweful, especially with the new trapper. That kid couldn't find a hooker in a brothel, let alone a 50ft monster. Same with the guy with the hawk, cant track for♥♥♥♥♥♥Rest of the roles work pretty well if played correctly however.Alot of running around with no fighting, fight for 2 miniutes at the end of the match, 9/10 you get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because your team hasn't a clue how to play.Also the particle effects when you're in a fight makes it impossible to see anything, you can't even keep your eyes on the 50ft beast that's 10ft away killing your mate.Overall rating 3/10, 4/10 before new match making system.Would not buy in all honesty unless it was on sale for £5. Skip the season pass alltogether, only decent thing it adds is lennox and slim and then you have to pay even more for the behemoth who is a big dumb creature who rarely gets the chance to evolve due to the constant agro from the hunters because hes so easy to find.Maps are also poorly made.Whole game wants slowed down, so when you actually track and find the monster you can have a battle with it, rather than lose your tracker before the monsters armors even gone and the monster runs off happily into the distance."
,Not Recommended,273350,24165505,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Sethioz.xyz,"I've actually changed my review, but it remains negative as I paid a very high price for the game (50 eur or so) and now it's free to play. Before the game was made only for the super rich people as in-game content costed almost as much as game itself, you had to pay 15 eur for single character and like 5 eur for skins, that's nonsense.However now the pay 2 win factor has been removed completely, you can earn in-game silver coins that you can use to buy stuff, such as skins and characters.As about the gameplay itself, there's just not much to do, only few maps. it's same old same old. I think this game needs WAY bigger maps, 1-4 monsters and 4 - 16 hunters at once. Having 1 monster vs 4 hunters is just boring, i'd like to team up with another monster OR a free 4 all, where monsters fight eachother too (if they choose to).Game has potential, but it's all wasted.Now that it's completely free, developers are no longer earning money, which means they won't be updating this game anymore and leave it to rot.Instead they should make all the important stuff FREE, but visuals, such as monster, character and weapon skins, should be paid. This way it is not pay2win and developers are still earning money and would be able to work on the game more.I really like how bug free this game is tho, never crashed on me either and runs smooth. Only had ONE bug, where during evolve my character just got stuck and i had to leave the match."
76561198068316900,Recommended,273350,32312581,Posted: 10 June,all,Tree-Dog,very good
76561198085358368,Not Recommended,273350,17857453,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Alexander the Great,Buy 2 ♥♥♥♥ing season passes...♥♥♥♥ U
76561198014034703,Recommended,273350,14439715,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Wic,"Full review(with a little poem \*w*/ ) -Read it all or just skip this review!I will be brief and extensive at the same time.To who I recommend this is at the end of this review.ONLY THOSE PEOPLE!(I have some experience with the game. As with beta so with full game. Also I should be placed around top15 with one character, so I can say that I've witnessed something so far.)=This is. A 4v1 game where the hunted one grows and then hunts.-Money! Almost every review states that there are tons of DLCs for ridiculous prices when the game is expensive itself enough. I can only agree with it.+Gameplay. Seriously, it really is a nice game to play. It has good graphics, full scale of unexpected moments during the gameplay, and progamers will find their place in this game too.-Lobby/Menu. Here you will spend a lot of time. Either wayting for players to be found, or just getting the class you really want to play will kill so much time as you would spend playing one match.+Classes. You got 4 classes made for cooperation to do this with monster: track it, trap it, kill it, survive it. In each class there are 3 characters with different abilities. You simply will find the specific character you want play and if not, playing as any character is satisfying enough.-Decision in menu. You got almost NONE! (Pointing at the previous two points.) You will make an order of characters you want play, and regardless of that the game will make the decision which character you will actually play.Extensive explenation:Technically it goes like this(from my personal experience): party is consisted of random players close to your level and close to you geographically, in lobby you will be assigned to a character which isn't already taken. You leave because you don't want to play that character. You're waiting 1m to be able to access the matchmaking again and this repeats. Eventually you get into an ongoing fight and a phrase like ""my preference of characters"" is taken as dirty there. Also, in a lot of times you being the highest level means you will most likely be the monster.Of course, if there are players willing to listen to your whining, then I suppose you will get the class of yours.+Monsters. Right now you have 3 monsters to choose. One is tanky(Goliath), one ranged and middle armored(Kraken), and one fast with deadly abilities and quite weak armor(Wraith). When game starts you feel like you are the one being hunted, and when you hit stage 3 you are the one that hunts.-Bugs. I can't say that there are many, but those few are ridiculously annoying. The one with disapearing/still being visible mouse is the most common one. There are other of course. Not able to launch the game at all, ridiculous moments in the game (I bet that a lot of players could write essays about them, including me), and couple more. (See for yourself.)+Decision in game. So you've got 12 hunters, 3 monsters, 4 game modes(+2 modes that combine them) on 12 maps with 6 optional map dynamics. If it doesn't sound overwhelming then I can make sure it is.Extensive explenation:Each character means different gun with different abilites. Each monster has different approach. Each mode is different story (clasic hunt, defending ship, destroying eggs, and rescuing survivors). Each map means different environment(scale from canyon through forest to artificial nature). And map dynamics (known as map effects) may offer another monster in game, or teleports for either of teams, or just some spotting to make it easier to track down the monster.-Requirements. Weaker graphics cards will cry, unless you are willing to lower the resolution in order to get some FPS. I gotta say that it looks good, but there is a price for it.+Cooperation. The fact that each of the hunters plays major role in succes makes the game really fun and draging along a bunch of friends will make it a real memorable experience. Chat and voice chat are on the place, but spamming Q is much more fun (pointing at what is important, eg monster).-Balance. Fully balanced is only one monster; Goliath. No, really it is not fully balanced. Play a game against a decent player playing as Wraith and your keyboard will suddenly turn into your real enemy. When it comes to Kraken... well, he is at least killable. I would just say that he is the more challenging monster. He could stay as he is now actually.But the experience that he wiped the whole team on first stage right when we dropped in still shocks me though (happened in beta).-Difference between alpha/beta and full game. Freakin' big. At least for those who were part of the testing phase. Those who are fresh have a lot of to look forward to, because their hopes may still lie ahead, but we, who witnessed the glory of the past testing phase, were literally knocked down by the bullsh... unreasonable things that decided the heads of theirs. (Just to make ..., huh, what? ...see the first negative point.)-Main story. There is none. Well, if you count that some monsters showed and began to be threat to all that lives, then ye, there is.+Character background. Characters chatter from time to time reavealing their lifes.So I think that covers the major pros and cons.Have a taste of a bit exaggerated gameplay in a little poem of mine.(my first one actually, lol. please no comments on this section, really please, no)---------------------------------------When alarm sounds in peace and laze,here's the time for monster chase.We grab guns, equip, mood,it's a hunt without loot.""Only fear, pain, and monster wait,so don't rest easy!"" I could state.We were brought to a jungle.All is clear without bungle.As we dive into rainy weather,chasing monster can't be better.We hit land, “we are ready”,but we here can't be steady.So begun giants chase,and yet here, in this maze.Seeked footprints remain warm,this just shows the coming storm.We feel how the monster fade,but it will meet an angry raid.Here comes the monsters groan,""It hit stage 2"", and a moan.Heavy footsteps after quake.Giant monster, not a fake.All on fire, flying rocks,does it look like we give ... ""fox""?!Empty shells on the ground,chargin flesh to give us pound.Claws and blasts tear their way.We just hope for one more day.One last shot and scream went loud,it is dead, we are proud.Living weapon's eyes were shut.""Now's the time to sit on b*tt.""Ground shaped to pools of blood.Where's what, it's just flood.""It all went good in this round..."" -silenced by a fearful sound.When clouds above were cleared,the next flying beast appeared.We pointed guns at the pet.""We are ready for this threat!""Who and what brings to today's fight resolve?This lies within one big hunt named Evolve.---------------------------------------So...Here's a summary in few words.Evolve = an awesome game with good graphics and gameplay, sucking money from people with couple of irritating things in it.To not recommend this game would be stupid. It is worth a try (not worth money though). So here is more like a list of what to do/have to fully enjoy the game.I recommend for those who:do have nerves!can accept the price.want to have joy from game and game only.have some friends to play this game with (make them during playing isn't bad though).have decent PC setup.are eager to try something new.don't drool over things which are for real money!have luck that it will work for them.(If you still haven't bought the game and you were in beta/alpha testing, you might be disapointed. Just warning.)The decision is up to you now."
,Recommended,273350,14457061,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Riot King11,"This game is so much fun!! I give it a 9.75/10!Despite what others say I find myself getting stuck playing for as long as I can!Positives:- It's a great *new* concept and has a great structured engine! The game is balanced for both sides so that way people don't despise playing either side.- Not to mention, this game provides itself with a very strategic backbone. If you want, you can devise certain plans with certain classes against whichever monster you play against; same goes for the monster, you can upgrade certain abilities that you think will do more damage.- I wouldn't be surprised to see a *small* Esports scene for this game at some point in the future. Can't forget the character depth and witty conversations they have! haha :D- Great progression system! It makes you actually play the game and learn how to use all the equipment instead of just receiving it on the launch.Negatives:- A few minor bugs such as: cursor glitches with the menu and in-game, no fov slider (built into the settings), etc.(Also there is a lot of DLC to this game but most of it is just characters and stuff you can unlock by progressing in the game. If you have people denying you of buying this game just because of DLC remember this: You're never forced to buy DLC for the fun of the game! :D Enjoy the game and see you on the field!)"
,Recommended,273350,14490302,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,NAKANO,"Personally, I love Evolve. Its matches are probably very different every time you play. Even more if you take turn playing as Hunters and Monsters each match. It's good to see balanced characters too. No Hunters are TOO OP, and the same applies to the Monsters, so far... Each guys or ladies has different combinations of abilities and different weapons to use, which makes it more fun looking forward to unlocking these new characters by completing simple tasks. As a FPS and PAYDAY lover, I tend to go the Hunters and among them, the grenade launcher medic girl (She's called Caira, pretty pretty fyi), as I loved using them in Payday2 and loved being the healer of the team. I also like snipers, which the other medics has (The girl first unlocked for you has an Anti-Materiel Rifle, and the Second has a semi-automatic Silenced Battle rifle-kind of Sniper, Both of them I love). If I were to be a Monster, I tend to go by the Goliath, as its primitive yet Strong attacks are the easiest to control in my opinion. The maps are pretty big as the game is kind of a ""Hide-and-Seek"" at the first few minutes of the match. When the Monster gets found at the Hide and Seek, he's pretty much done for, unless he beats the hunter with the ""Catch"" (or ""Cops and Robbers"" if that's the right name for it) when the Monster eats enough and evolve, the next part begins, where the Hunters starts to get a little worried unless the Monster is played by a Newbie, or he's an AI (although the AI is pretty deadly sometimes). Once the Monster reache its final Stage, now the Hide and Seek or Catch's roles swap over. It's pretty much a lost match if the Hunters couldn't spot the Monster till he became Stage 3, as they are pretty tough with their Body Armour and their Deadly attack can kill you in a blink of an eye. I love the adrenaline rushing through me when I'm the only one alive.It's just a game I was searching for; A game which the single player mode can also make you experience the multi with only AIs, and where the ""Multi with AI"" mode can be played offline (as CoD Never allowed that). The only worry is that it may be easy to hack or exploit the single player and get tons of levels as the single player shares its data with multi. I'd easily rate this a good, but yet funny score like random♥♥♥♥♥♥out of random another♥♥♥♥♥♥ but I just can't find the right one..."
76561198001837202,Recommended,273350,14428994,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,☃ (✌ﾟ∀ﾟ)☞ Code 865(≧ω≦),"Most people complaining about this game are being hard headed, the dev team announced the game would have dlc. On top of that the DLC are skins, its OPTIONAL. Its sad to see this on a game that was worked on for such a long a time. Please try to ignore these reviews about the dlc and just read the ones about the gameplay."
76561198041387005,Not Recommended,273350,14649138,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Goptik,"This game looks cool and it was a good game for the first week or 2, then everyone got the OP monster ""Wraith"". Now everyone only plays Wraith. Why? Because you can't loose with him.The game looks good, but is very repetetive and you won't see much diffrence in playstyle.Hunters: Spawn, Search, Fight. The end.Monster: Spawn, Hide, Eat, Evolve, Fight. The endSo, a long story made short. A good looking game with a monster that is invincible and is very repetetive.(Sorry for any spelling mistakes)Also full of people who are just absolute pro at shooting, or hackers. (Because every 9/10 games there is someone who just doesn't miss, never)"
76561198029076118,Recommended,273350,21606443,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,FOR THE PUPPIES!!!!!,"Evolve had a really rough start and got a lot of negative reviews for that! The game itself is brilliant and beautiful. I play it a lot while streaming and people just love it because it's unique. You can see how much love the developers have put into this game, the animations, graphics and the soundpresentation are just astonishing. Every single one of the 7 playable Monsters are unique and fun to play. The only main problem with Evolve is nobody is playing it anymore because of the hate at the release and that affects the matchmaking (long waitting times like 10 to 20 minutes in worst case). So if you're reading this please check out the game and give it another chance, it won't disappoint you i promise :)"
76561198044891868,Not Recommended,273350,14662740,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Elephunk,"From a team behind L4D, I expect more then this. They should focus on L4D3 then a game like this. But yes I really wanted to like this game so much. Love the monster art, but it seems I felt big game dev now days dosen't care about campaign anymore."
76561198012280488,Not Recommended,273350,14713031,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,RamanShaman,I should have waited till this game was cheaper. 60 dollars isnt worth it and all this DLC is lame
,Recommended,273350,14414755,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Baysin,"Deep, strategic gameplay? Check.Gameplay that's adaptable to your own personal style? Check.Variety of game modes? Check.Blast to play with your friends? Check.Able to play solo or with small groups with bots? Check.Challenging to play competitively? Check.Allows you to play as a robot with infinite removable heads? Check.If you've logged hundreds of hours in to games like TF2 or L4D, you will probably try to beat your record with Evolve. It's excellent. The developers, Turtle Rock Studios, are super super excellent. They are more involved with the community than anything ever ever. The publisher, 2K.... meh. Most of the negative press about Evolve is on 2K.On that note, the DLC isn't a big deal. Skins. Pfffft. Big deal. Who cares. Don't buy the skins. That's the best way to teach them. The rest of the DLC won't be out for a while yet and will NOT split up the community. You can buy it if you think it's worth the price, or wait until it's on sale (Steam never has sales, do they?) or just don't bother with it. Your game experience will NOT suffer for choosing to pass on the DLC.Again. If you like interesting, complex action games that keep getting more and more interesting as you peel away the layers of strategy, Evolve is your new best friend. Ignore the haters. Watch the gameplay footage. Check out the official Evolve forums. The game speaks for itself."
,Recommended,273350,14467181,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Pickle Rick,"I love the gameplay, the tactics. It is pretty well balanced with players who know what they are doing.The only downside to it is that you can HARDLY ever play what you want. I myself don't like playing the monster, yet 75% of the time I get monster in a game where I already lost 50% of my hp.It's a bug or poor matchmaking which they probably, hopefully will fix. Next to that, GIANT price tag. I understand how some might find it abit expensive, I'd wait till the price drops abit. But really, it's well worth the money!"
,Recommended,273350,14419979,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Wildstyle,"I for one am a monster player when not teaming up with others, and I LOVE the fact that (unlike in other team games) I can rely solely on my own skills, rather than having to rely on others while facing multiple opponents. The matches are always different and theres multiple approaches i can take. When i notice im playing against new players I can toy around with them, or have an actual epic all-outfight where I ""coincidentally"" win at the end.However when I play against a well organized group of hunters, the game REALLY starts to shine. Having to get serious about pathing/feeding/engaging is a lot of fun, yes also very adrenaline-filled and actually winning a hard-fought match feels fulfilling and rewarding.Overall a7/10,- 2 points for a flawed start with a few bugs&glitches- 1 for the actual amount of DLC that seems a bit over-the-topAnd lastly, contrary to all the negative reviews complaining about ""DLC"" completely negleting that about 80% of that is HATS, the game itself is really fun.Sure, there are launch-issues and bugs but that doesnt change the fact the game itself is highly addictive.Maps will be free, most of the DLC is skins, there is no intention to split the community.Add that to the promise of continuous support and balancing and we might have ourself a longlasting game at hand.People complain about DLC and pricing, yet neglect reviewing the actual game.1hr played in the alpha/beta, better complain about the price.Ugh"
76561198099437463,Recommended,273350,14489594,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,gmanrulesagain,"I would like to start this al with saying that most of the negative reviews were about the first day DLC releases. I find that people that complian about this are just looking for bad reviews the DLC are just extra skins, very similar to the Border Land Series. I how ever do agree this is a little too expencive but it is still worth the money. I do recommend that you are a person that likes to unlock every think and become a master for every character like i am. This is by far the funnest game i've played in a long time."
76561198116481777,Recommended,273350,14469081,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,PaulBluntMallCunt,Great game really fun. Dont let the dlc  scandal bother you. Sure ther is a ton of skins but like 19 out 0f 20 people probbalby dont buy them i knowi dont so all that♥♥♥♥♥♥is not a bid deal. Everyone i join a game with is good. Even randoms at level 20 u get matched up with players your lvl so evryone already knows what is going on. no noobs for me thanks. Really fun game evryone person i play with loves it. Recommend this game 10/10
76561198038022542,Recommended,273350,14522677,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,scriptas,Nice game :) love it
76561198176876654,Not Recommended,273350,19732382,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,SnagalCorn,Ladies and Gentlemen please give it up for evolve the shitest game ever i bet the servers are just tumble weed riddled wasteland because there sure as♥♥♥♥♥♥aint noboby playing spent 10 ♥♥♥♥ing minutes waiting for a game to be put with bots not only that i have a better than average computer and im barely hitting 40 fps and you have to love the DLC AKA a million ways to pay to look pretty i dont know about you but i think this game crawled out of the very depths of satans♥♥♥♥♥♥if you buy this game you are the literal definition of a spoon.
76561198104236229,Not Recommended,273350,14488959,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,NatiiiBoiiiis,"DO NOT BUY. OMG this game is soooo ove hyped if they would give me a refund i will take this terrible review of but seriously DO NOT BUY, the matchmaking is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥and sometimes you will end up mid game and have to control a bot and be getting destroyed, team balancing is awful you will always loose!!!!!!!!!DO NOT BUY"
,Recommended,273350,14504399,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Crouch,"The Left 4 Dead creators and the Borderlands Publishers come together to make Team Fortress 4 Dead, and how is it?Well the positive:- The game is amazing fun and super addicting- Before seen Mechanics with a slight twist that are easy to use, difficult to master- Cryengine. The game is drop dead gorgeous- The sounds, both ambient and other are fantastic, effectively immersive- The hunters are wonderfully unique, with no two hunters looking, sounding, feeling, or playing the same- Each creature and monster is beautifully designed, with AI that brings the world to life- Map design is very well thought out, with strategies changing on the fly due to environvent and terrain- The Evacuation mode is a very cool concept, with varying degress of fun (More on that in cons, sadly)And now the cons, because for all it's fun, it still has a lot wrong.- The game feels like a beta, so many bugs (Falling through map, hunter spawning early, monster model bugging out     causing you to move insanely fast as a monster, etc.)- The alternate gamemodes (Rescue, Defend, Nest, all except Hunt) are boring, often unbalanced, and albeit, bad.- Evacuation, the 5 day campaign is an amazing concept, but ends up being drawn out and boring, with odds often stacked against even the most proficient monsters- Many mechanics need re-working or tweaking (Ex. the sneak mechanic allows you crouch in plain sight of a hunter while they shoot you, and pounce them, leaving them defenseless)- Day One DLC, Though cosmetic, this joke of a trend is infuriating, forcing gamers to pay extra for an already pricey title to make their characters pretty (For hunters, not even characters! Hunter skins are weapons only, stupid.)- The Wraith, oh my jesus this thing. An incredibly unbalanced, no risk, high reward character that it suppose to specialize in stealth, but does well no matter what, that needs to be nerfed, a free win for the monster past Stage 1 (Sometimes at)- The pricetag (This has me very mad), For the 5 (maybe 6?) gamemodes that are in the game, you'll only play one, the only unlockables outside of characters themselves are character skills, badge customization items, and Elite skins, your reward for grinding out a single character (Which btw, are terrible, and not worth the grind at all, just pay $5 for a better one I guess...) replay value, which we'll get to, is seemingly low, making this $60 title feel like it's worth no more then $40, if Im feeling generous, $100 Edition is also not worth it, advertising so much, and getting so little, you get the Magma skin for your Monsters, and the Season Pass to accompany your game.And the final con,- The Titanfall effect, everyone knows about it, the game was a ton of fun.... for about two weeks, unfortunately, this game suffers from that, I find myself having a blast with it for a few hours, and then craving something else, something better, and I fear for the longevity of this game.Overall:The game has it's ups and downs, you may question why you spent that much, you will growl in anger at the sight of a Wraith decoy killing your friend, sending him through the map, and you might even try to get a refund on Daisy for sniffing you instead of reviving you before she runs away from your dead body, but this game incredible fun, easily addicting, and a mandatory game to have with friends.I will (and currently do) reccomend this game to anyone that craves the gameplay this game delivers, however, maybe not for it's current price, wait for a sale or for consoles, a pre-owned version :)"
,Recommended,273350,14441628,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Hunters be after me Lucky Charms,"First, I'd like to start of saying this isn't meant to be pointed at any one person and i'm not doing this to provoke or enrage anyone.I am not gonna bother posting my actual thoughts or views on Evolve simply because most who have posted their views haven't actually researched anything before spewing nonsense and hate. If a review here is not recommending the game, that's fine, but what isn't fine is spreading lies and misinformation.Evolve contains no day one dlc like everyone likes to believe.dlc wont split the community and aside from extra hunters and monsters its just skins that won't change it in the slightest.$60 is apparently a lot for a game nowadays huh? well, I guess those who put in poor reviews are gonna jump to buy the next Call of Duty, full price, with maps that cost real money. God forbid a company has a unique idea and wants to charge full price for something they worked their asses off to make. I get that not everyone can or wants to just throw $60 at their screen; but, the main reason I support this game is because Turtle Rock are honest developers with familys to feed, that don't deserve their game slandered because 2K runs their market.Heres a quick rundown if Evolve is right for you: Team and classed based, asymetrical hide and seek, deathmatch."
76561198083989041,Recommended,273350,14419723,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,The Ginge One,"This is an incredible game that will literally cause your pulse to pound and adrenaline to rush. The excitement of the hunt is always entertaining. New maps and modes are free as they come out, so its an ever evolving (see what I did there?) game. It is worth $60+ because in the base game, there are 12 hunters and 3 monsters, plus tons of maps and 4 modes, making a different experience every time. Even when a DLC monster or hunter comes out, if you don't have the cash to buy it, you are likely to play with or against the new characters, further increasing the likelihood of a different experience. This game is worth $60 and more."
76561198052317987,Recommended,273350,14503151,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,clayHead,"Where to start with this game....Well first off i may as well adress the ""Day one DLC"" topic. To all those who are saying this game is all DLC, take the time to look at what kind of DLC it is. Besides the Season pass, which includes 4 (new) hunters, all the DLC's are skins. That's right, cosmetic skins that add nothing to the game execpt to look all fancy and stuff.Now on to the gameplay. Evolve is well balanced between the hunters and the monster. Both have equal oppourtunity to kill the other. The different charecters in the classes are similar enough to pick up if you know the class, but different enough to feel right. The stage three hunter's aren't better then the stage one's, they are better in certain situations/gamemodes/monsters, you have to find out which ones. All the classes are fun to play and bring a certain element to the fight.Overall I love this game. Get a pack of three other friends, pick a class, and go. This game is great with friends, but still is fun with randies.TLDR: The DLC's are mostly cosmetic and don't need to be worried about. The gameplay is balanced and all classes are fun. The monster and hunters are equal. Get the game, it is awesome."
,Recommended,273350,14570840,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,UrsisGladius,"I hope people on the fence about this game take note of the very polarized community of those playing this game, but not let it dominate. This game is incredibly fun, and it does take a bit of practice. Yes, the season pass is way too expensive. Does that one attribute land this game unending grief? Yes. SHOULD it? No!  People should realize they aren't being forced to buy anything, and if they don't put in the time to get all the facts on what they are buying, that's on them. Am I planning on buying the season pass? No. Am I happy with the game? Yes! Both factions are fun to play. Both factions can win. Fair, balanced gameplay. I find it replayable. The tracking and footprint system really keeps the monster on its toes; they need to be sneaky before they stage up. Humans need to track while balancing speed of pursuit, prediction of the monster, and evasion of natural hazards. (The wildlife can be fearsome if you don't pay attention, much like a rattlesnake.)If you look at the people who have put time in to review this game, you'll notice a trend.-No one is making claims that the game is unbalanced. The game IS balanced, very well!-They usually say ""Don't get me wrong, I love this game"" because it is FUN.-The people complaining about DLC prices have their point, but the content within the DLC's are not something they should be griping over. This isn't a pay to win game.The only consistent problem players have with this game are as follows-Pricey <- A bit, yes. If this is the only grievance that seems to prevail, there are things called STEAM SALES. WAIT. If you feel you are above waiting, fork out the money. I did, and I'm very happy with this game. Pricey DLC's shouldn't land the game a negative review. Save the hate for the company forums.""ONLY FUN WITH FRIENDS"" <- Not true.  Of course playing with friends makes the game more fun, but that's the way the teams are set up. Until Evolve gets a gametype with multiple monsters, playing with friends is way more fun. If you find out you don't like it when that inevitable troll or noob refuses to understand the concept of teamwork, play monster! Problem solved.I hope this review helped you understand the situation surrounding Evolve, so you can make a decision best suited for you."
,Recommended,273350,14433144,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Lazyking,"Hello people! Lets talk about Evolve and then the DLC-horror that now is the standard of todays gaming.Evolve is a great idea, it is fun and intense. In the middle of a intense game you will feel and act like that Axe-commercial where he sprays sweat all over the place.lets talk about the pros here:+Like many have said, its a game of cat and mouse, and the mouse can indeed eat the cats. This game is well balanced in that regard that it requires the WHOLE teams attention to bring down the beast even when its still in Stage 1, and after that you really need to be on your toes.+The Evacuation campaign is really fun, you play 5 maps and different things affects the map decided after who won the last game. Monster wins? Well then maybe you will have to face a whole jungle of man-eating-plants.+Its fun playing as the boss. I love playing as the monster, you feel hunted in the beginning and sometimes forget how big and powerfull you are. Facing a team of good hunters will knock your hybris down a peg or two.+Hostile wildlife, that is one of my favorites pros. When you are into the hunt you tend to forget that there is things out there that can kill you besides the moster you are hunting. Running past that ""rock"" and suddenly see how it grabs you ans shuffle you into its mouth. Decending from a jetpak jump only to see the man-eating-plant where you will land....+Unlock things in singleplayer and in customgames. Yes i love that, play with your friends and still progress, this game dose not force you to play against other players online if you feel unsure and needs to practise with a class.The cons then:-It will get repetitive after a while even after all the map effects and shuch and therefore need alot of new content which we will come to later.-I have not played this game so much yet after the Beta so i will update this with more cons at a later date.-DLCsRight now i give this game a 8/10 and would recommend it.Okey dear readers lets talk about DLCs.Most of us dont like DLCs me included but what surprise me is the total hate this game gets from having it in their businessplan. Have you not payed attention to all the other games out there? DLCs and MTs are everywhere!!!!Saints Row, Dawn Of War 2, Just Cause 2 and so on. Sure this game really promotes and stand up for their DLC-♥♥♥♥♥ing and business-model. But really, can you blame them? What is a companys most important goal?[Reader]: Oh OH, to spread entertainment and fun to the people!HAHAHAHHA! that cracked me up, please have a chair lad. No, the answer is MONEY. And do you know what gives alot of money for minimal work? DLCs and MTs. And quess who have bought that skinpack for 5€ so you can brag about how you spend money on useless♥♥♥♥♥♥ Yes, you have! And therefore you are the one to blame and not the company for designing a buisness-model that earns them the most money.We old gamers remeber the good old days, the days when free content updates was released because developers wanted you to continue to play their game. Or expansions, you know the huge amount of content that was worth paying for.[Reader]: Oh oh, Uncle Lazy! Isnt a DLC the same as an expansion?*Slaps you across the fingers with an ruler* NO, NO IT IS NOT! An DLC is when you take an expansion and brake it into tiny parts, or brake those tiny parts into lesser parts and so forth and then sells them as new content,A horrible practise that has been popular these days most likely because new gamers dont know better, they are grown into this sickness, and we old ones who know how bad this is are a minority and can only shake our heads and try to make the young ones understand. Oh well i can go on forever, this is my favorite hobby after all, lets wrap it up.This game has DLCs and should you boycott the whole game for it? No. Why? Well if you boycott a game for the reason of DLCs then you can quit gaming and go back playing boardgames. Sad but true.With this said, just dony buy their DLCs!! [sorry caps] IF PEOPLE DONT BUY DLCS THEN THEY WILL NOT EARN MONEY FROM IT AND THEREFORE THEY WILL STOP THIS MADNESS IN TIME! BUT IF YOU BUY DLCS THEN THEY WILL PROFIT AND KEEP MAKING THEM AND GETTING WORSE!!!!And yes, if you love this game and plays it alot you are going to want to have more content. Well i ask you then to wait for a great steam sale 75%, and then buy all the hunters and monsters at the same time for a fraction of the cost and then in you mind repeat expansion,expansion. BUT for any reason, do not buy skinpacks. Skins are supposed to be a reward and not something you buy.Well i thank you if you have read all of this and wish you all a good day."
,Not Recommended,273350,24213404,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,K.,"Nothing can justify this POS going F2P (I don't care if the player base died off).You greedy, gluttonous curs filled the game with microtransactions to the brim and you are surprised that it is dead now?Your fault, your own doing.What, as customers, our fault is we bought a game which was destined to be a F2P title from its first week. Even lackluster mobile games didn't have plethora of cow milking attempts.Hopefully, this one will die too. Then you'll learn that making a good game isn't about screwing off customers."
,Recommended,273350,14571866,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,SkylerBB,Great fun. Requires skill as the monster to survive and skill as hunters to kill. Loving it.
,Recommended,273350,22768798,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Eredin: King of the Wild Hunt,MUST BUY 100% UNIQUE EXPERIENCE.I BOUGHT FOR 15 EUROS AND GAME IS PERFECT... ULTRA BALANCED WITH MICRO-PATCH APRIL 2016.UPDATED: JULY 7TH 2017-EVOLVE REINCARNATED AS A TRULY F2P GAME.18GB patch with ultra balance and f2p changes is live.Daily quests and Daily login Rewards is Live.
,Recommended,273350,14956414,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,hawk,Love every second of this game. Most heart pounding game i have played to this date.
,Recommended,273350,14427873,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Ham,"There are a lot of reviews for this game that will tell you that the game has a paywall. That the DLC ruins the game. That there isn't enough content.I am here to tell you that these people are wrong, and judging the game poorly not because it's a bad game (you'll notice that many reviews compliment the gameplay highly), but because /v/ or Reddit told them ""DLC is evil"" and they parrot it blindly, without regard for facts or context.So let's start with the facts. The game comes in three editions, offers a Season Pass, and carries with it a load of cosmetic skins. In the future, the game will offer 2 monsters and 6 more hunters. These are all offered at various prices and are, of course, completely optional. Future maps will be offered for free. Most importantly, *none of this DLC - not even the monsters - require you to buy them in order to see them in action.* Turtle Rock has stated plainly that, even if you do not buy the DLC, you will still find yourself fighting the Behemoth in the future, on any of the new maps, alongside any of the new Hunters. The player base of the game will not be fragmented by Haves and Have Nots.Having said that, let's look at what the game has right now. 12 Hunters, 12 maps, 4 classes, 3 Monsters with a progression based unlock system, matchmaking for the game's 4v1 Hunt mode, Custom games for you and your friends, and Evacuation, a series of 5 matches with using 4 different game modes that features perks based on which side won the previous match. The Monsters are all completely unique from one another, with each one favoring its own style of play. The Hunters are somewhat more homogenous but each Hunter has their own quirks, so that even characters of the same class feel different from one another - the 3 Assaults, for example, are all damage-dealers, but Markov favors ambushes and ranged fighting, Hyde favors distraction and up-close throwdowns, while Parnell has a super mode and covers large areas with explosions. Finally, while the game is multi-player focused, there are dedicated bots for both sides, allowing Solo play in any mode.All of this adds up to a game where no two matches ever really feel the same. The basic idea is easy to understand, but Evolve succeeds in adding multiple levels of depth to the proceedings. As a Hunter, you not only have to know your class, you have to know how your Hunter's strengths and weaknesses, your teammate's strengths and weaknesses, the monster's strengths and weaknesses, and the layouts of the maps, where to cut off the monster or set up an ambush or where you are at a disadvantage when engaging. As a monster, you have to know the exact opposite of all of that.Should you buy this game? That depends. If you enjoy working within a team and fighting what amounts to a player-controlled Raid boss across various modes of play, or if you enjoy BEING that Raid boss, if you are willing to put in time to understand how the game actually works, I wholeheartedly recommend it, but it's not an easy game - a Monster is more than a match for any one Hunter, but a good Team will win more often than not. However, if you're more interested in an ""evil DLC is evil"" punching bag and impressing your internet friends with second hand memes, well, you've already made your choice, haven't you?"
,Recommended,273350,15442063,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,PUR3,"It's F2P now, get it, play it, love it!"
,Recommended,273350,14528561,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Send Nudes,"OMG THIS GAME IS SO MUCH DAMN FUN. It was worth EVERY penny! Tons of action throught the entire game, super competitive, and its fun to keep you entertained for hours. Definately reccomend having a mic with this game because communication is a really big factor. Great game to play with your buddies!"
76561198035693667,Not Recommended,273350,14658721,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Hey Jude,bugs bugs bugs and more bugs...
,Not Recommended,273350,18853163,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,GrieverMW - BitSkins.com,"The game died long ago, it had moments of fun rest in pieces"
,Recommended,273350,14422278,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Skeleton Bill,"(Forward note: I don't actually recommend buying this game. I just want to write a review on it. The game itself is good, the price and practices forced on it by 2K are awful.)Pros+Looks nice+Feels nice+Characters have interesting and unique personalities+Illegal cage matches+Offline play mode+Being the monster is great fun+Chasing the monster is also great fun+Good coop opportunities+Lots of tools to play withMiddle*With most coop games, the bot AI isn't fantastic (they often lag behind while I rush ahead to chase the monster)*Similarly, enjoy getting placed with 3 random people who are likely dumb if you're playing as the hunter*Variety of game modes to play that can keep the experience fresh and dynamic, although they feel a bit same-y.*Price tag's a bit iffy. Getting the base game is actually cheaper than most other AAA titles available, but the complete packaged experience is a bit steep. The season bundle pass seems like it could be the most fair deal (if the season bundle is any good)*Play to win (Meaning the more you play, the more advantages you have. Nothing to do with lining the pockets of 2K with money.) - New players won't have access to all the characters, perks, etc from the get go. This is both good and bad. Good because it gives players something to work towards. Bad because you can play against people who have an undeniable, distinct advantage over you.Cons-Runs like a piece of crap on my computer, stutters a lot and is only playable on lowest settings-No skippable cutscenes-TF2-tier cosmetic items (over priced skins)-Prepped to be a DLC cash cow which 2K are very eager to try and milk.-A big candidate for dying after 3-6 months if it doesn't get the right support-A weak link makes your team stink-Kinda buggy for a finished game, even after having alphas and betas. (nothing game breaking for me so far)-Season bundles are awful things that should not be funded at all. You could be spending £20 on something that won't be guaranteed to be any good (looking at you Borderlands)There's a lot that can be said about Evolve; and right now is that it's being severely crapped on by the types of people who whined about Valve not releasing a Diretide game event. Let's ignore that for now and review the game...Should I buy evolve?That can't be answered with a simple yes or no. Evolve does a lot of things right, but it also does things wrong. If you're familiar with the gameplay of Left 4 Dead and its sequel, then you'll already be half an expert at knowing how this game works. 4 Hunters compete against a solo player who is the Monster in a variety of game modes that can span across a good number of levels.The HuntersIf you're used to playing first person shooter games, then you'll be fine playing as the Hunters. Their movements are very free and smooth leaving navigating terrain to be somewhat easy. Tracking down the monster is quite fun and rewarding when you come around a corner just to catch the unwary monster chowing down on something, only to trap him and lay waste to what armor he has.The MonstersThe big fellas also have very smooth and simple controls meaning that, like the Hunters, it's very easy to navigate the terrain. It feels awesome playing as the monster, but there's a lot of pressure on you with no-one out there to watch your back. If you like to feel huge, powerful; or like to be a looming presence that keeps the hunters tightly packed together lest you pick them off one-by-one... playing mind games and setting them up on wild goose chases while you laugh in the shadows as you consume the flesh of local fauna... then the Monster is for you!The LevelsSomething that Evolve does really well is creating giant maps that span great distances that are full of all kinds of unique fauna that really bring them to life. Even on the lowest game settings, they all look great.GamemodesThere's a multitude of game modes that the game offers, all based off the cat-and-mouse gameplay they've created; save for having a different objective. In order to play these game modes you can do a sort of ""campaign mode"" which strings them together and changes things around based on how well everyone performed the round before. It's a very dynamic experience that succeeds where, if you're at all familiar with TF2, the map tc_hydro failed.The-Big-Pink-ElephantYou probably know what I'm referring to, and if you don't then let me explain: There's currently a lot of outrage regarding the pricing model of the game. I'm going to be straight up honest; the drama is fueled by false entitlement. The base game itself is at a pretty attractive price being just under that of most other AAA developed games. From there, you can get two types of ""bonus"" editions. One which gives you the usually £20 season pass for just a bit cheaper, or the super rich person bundle which gives you the game, the season pass, skins, and a bunch of other planned DLCs as they're released.The big issue however is that the in-game skins are a bit lame in that they're just pallet swaps, but they're also priced unreasonably high. If the skins provided any form of tactical advantage then this would be unnaccaptable; however they do not. You're very free to ignore the skins and play the game.It also steeply prices DLC which, in all honesty, are not worth the tag. Halfing the price at least would be much better.However if you still find this infuriating, then I kindly invite you out from your cave to look at other video games on the market. Valve themselves are the most guilty for selling cosmetic items for, let's face it, stupid amounts of money, and nevermind many of the other games EA and 2K have brought out recently.It's not a problem with the game, it's a problem with the industry.OverallThe game, like most games really, won't be everyone's cup of tea. There's a lot of variety when it comes to playing this game, there's lots to do so if you do end up enjoying the game then it'll be a pretty great experience.The game isn't perfect on release. It's really polished, but they still missed a few spots that can easily be patched out in the future.If you're feeling brave and trust the developers to fullfill the season pass with remotely decent content, then go and buy the season pass bundle. If you just want the base game, then buy that for less then what other AAA game titles are sold at.(Looking at you GTAV. You've already been out for a year and you're trying to pass yourself off as being worth the full price.)SummaryDo you like first person shooters? Consider buying Evolve.Do you like coop games? Buy Evolve, and get your friends to buy it too.Do you like being a lone wolf with no need for a team? Buy Evolve (just don't touch the Hunters)Do you let pricing ethics for cosmetic items dictate how much fun you have? Don't buy Evolve.Do you dislike DLC cash-cows that will be trying to nickel-and-dime you at every possible chance? Don't buy Evolve.Do you enjoy customizing your characters with in-game skins? Buy Evolve. (Ignore if you don't care, don't buy Evolve if you do.)Do you like a different experience from the usual status quo presented by modern gaming? Buy Evolve."
,Not Recommended,273350,19985931,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Printer,Worst spent 60$ of my life
,Recommended,273350,14442850,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Tobb,"A review not about how much it costs. But about content and balance.Content: There is a decent amount of content, which will increase ofc and needs to increase to make this last more then a week.Balance: The balance between monsters and humans seems really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ when you start playing against serious tryhards. Those that only play to win or they don't play at all kind of guys. But it's possible to beat them. But only with a serious team that can really communicate and see possibilies to win. Your team kinda needs players with alot of fps experience to beat tryhard monster players. Because monsters do have an huge advantage compared to hunters. I'm not going to list these advantages you just take my word for it <3.So yeah, if you're a casual player going for this game with your friends or alone. And you're not of the serious gamer type, this can be a really hard game once you start meeting good monsters. But if you like the challenge or more so that you need the challenge to even make the game interesting and fun to play, go for it."
,Not Recommended,273350,21162148,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Fnatic,اللعبة حرفيا محد يلعبها تقعد بالنتظار بدون مبالغة ساعة و ما تلقى قيم
76561197992207646,Recommended,273350,14467000,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,CanIbiteYou?,"jurassic park, ghost busters and l4d had a baby. whats not to like?  p.s.: + cthulhuUpdate: NOW ITS F2P, give the game a chance after it was ruined by batshit crazy markting department and dlc's policy."
76561198055555262,Recommended,273350,14422784,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Terickle,Most funny game i had played since Borderlands 2
,Not Recommended,273350,14419349,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Iniquity,"The core gameplay in Evolve is very well done.The problem is that you only experience that gameplay 10% of the time. The rest of the time you're just chasing the monster as hunters or running away from hunters as the monster.This isn't fun or intuitive to me. You spend most of your time tracking monster footsteps and avoiding or fighting npc's. Also, if you're going up against a smart monster player, you won't see many trackable footsteps because he will avoid it with the game's ""stealth"" mechanic.Now, playing as the monster, it's even more boring to run (or stealth) away from the hunters. Unfortunately this is a must, because you need to consistently kill npc's and feed on them to eventually evolve into a stronger tiered monster. You could engage the hunters earlier on for more action, but you're just dooming yourself because you'll be too weak to defeat them at stage 1. So the game forces you to run away and kill bots. Not what I find to be fun in a multiplayer video game.The average game in evolve lasts, what, 10-12 minutes? Well you spend maybe a total of 3 minutes actually fighting the monster. The rest...well...you guessed it. Just running. Cat and mouse. Over and over again. I really want to enjoy the game but it becomes so tedious to chase and chase, or flee and flee all game long. You could argue that you fight the monster longer than what I mentioned, but that just means you're going up against an inexperienced player who doesn't know how to evade you properly.I love that it takes good teamwork to defeat the monster, but at the same time it kind of sucks because one horrible random on your team can ruin everything. I don't want to chase a monster for 10 minutes just to lose in the end because my medic or support has no idea what they're doing.Evolve offers other game modes besides the traditional ""Hunt"" but they all end up playing out the same way. I don't see a game focusing on 4v1 gameplay lasting very long. It'll build a small community of die hard fans over the next month but after that I see it dying, hard. Wordplay bruh, I'm sort of a rapper in my local neighborhood."
,Recommended,273350,14509360,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,sigint,Thumbs up.
76561197993398702,Recommended,273350,14511640,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Goal_Line_,"**This game is for people that dont have real friends to play Hide and Seek**No CrossFire or SLI support yet. (DXGI crashes and black screens) 2/17/2015Game Runs only on a single card -- what a shameSome players leave games when they dont get what they want. Monster can sometimes give up and just stand still.When playing as the hunters, this game requires more communication than battlefield 4!Game is tons of fun regardless of how its played.** I recommend this game to players that love Monster Hunter, and to players that like a combination of stealth/survival (as monster)"
,Recommended,273350,14509271,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Russo,"I am a constant player, always filling in time for gameing after work. Evolve has been one of my favorites that adds suspense no matter which side you are on. I dont get why people get angry for repetitivity and dlc costs when they play COD, MWF, Black ops, etc. Every game in the world is basicaly the same and yet people criticize the smallest things in a game thats good to make it look bad. Im not saying some small things are not annoying but all in all its a polished game on day one. How many games are perfect on day one without patches or balancing issues? Evolve just has a cursor issue in game thats it. For a community that support, games this title is recieving unfair judgment. I expect more games like this in the future."
,Recommended,273350,14511362,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Wizzard,"Great game, loving the variety within matches and the high skill cap. Not for the faint of heart. The rush and exhiliration you can feel when bringing down a challenging monster is fantastic. Highly recommended."
76561197969178570,Recommended,273350,14502224,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Tilted,"Ok first of all i want to start off by saying i completely understand why people are mad about the day one dlc's and maybe i can understand some of the complaints ive seen about the wraith but honestly........ Most of the negitive reviews on this game are completely unwarranted and ill be straight forward i think theres alot of paid reviews aimed at bashing this game.Heres why i think this, ive been a gamer since i was able to grab a controller and ive seen the big bad companys with there triple A tittles try to get money out of people for no reason and ive seen the little compants give away a game for free and it was better then a 60$ i just bought, we all been there done that wonder why you spent the money on something only to find something better a day later for free,But this game is not a reflection of the people that made it, whoever made this game cared about the experince and wanted it to be everything you thought about playing the montser while being hunted for sure, its the people who published it that are trying to get your money, BUT its not as cut and dry as people think, these days it takes a ton of money to make a game a huge staff and even more so these day then days past alot more money to pay those people for projects such as voice acting the entire design of the game the constant debugging while haven't to meet absurd deadlines put on them, AM i giving 2k and turtle rock a out for the price? no im simply saying it cost alot to make games and since they haven't been allowed to charge more then 60$ a game for years now there actually not makeing as much as you think off each copy, with so many companies involved in a world now where your job isn't so secure just cause you helped make a great game, EVERYONE WANTS TO GET PAID,  people need to understand that it cost a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton to make these games as pretty and playable as they are, alot of people would say i would rather have content and gameplay over graphics anyday and i agree with you but its just like a music artist has to do when he makes  cd you must aim at a large audience or you won't sell well, For every great home grown track on a cd theres always the club bangers that have no lyrical talent or the love song you never thought that artist would write...Its profit driven world and people never know if their next album will be a flop so try to hit all areas on first one, games have to look good run good play good and have tons of options these days to make it but its not realistic at all because it takes way longer to make games then it ever did and theres so many people that need to get paid its the deadlines that are causing theses unfinished things to come out, we live in a instant gradification time the information age, we want everything up front and right away, things just don't work like that, and if they could charge 70$ or 80% for AAA tittles then wouldn't even have this problem but how can you do that in a down economy? thats just my thoughts on why people are hateing cause of the price cause you don't need to buy anything but the game you can level up and get everything besides maybe one mosnter which i bet anything will be availble later.As far as the actually game review goes ive been around games since TFC on Won CS on Won, Dod was just a mod with 2 maps, conc jumping hadn't been made yet in tfc, surfing maps weren't popular yet on cs people where still freaking out about FPS even having graphics, this game is not bad its the total oppisite. I have not had this much fun in a game since i first played Dota2 or even L4d when it first came out it.Playing the Monster------ The entire time ive plaid the role of the monster i have lost track of time, played till 3 am and i never do that anymore cause its so intense and my heart litterally beats so fast and hard i can feel and hear it, no joke, the joy of running around eating everything in sight then suddenly hearing jet packs that force you to sneak around and maybe try to pick one off when he goes for that one track you left on the ground after jumping, you want to pick up a rock as a goliath and wait behind a corner for the first poor guy whos gonna take the thing point blank followed by you jumping on him to eat him before his friends can save him hopeing this globe doesn't get tossed on you before you get away, YOU WILL LOVE IT , it takes skill and effort and you really have to want to win or you won't, BUT ITS SO MUCH FUN!!!Playing the humans_ theres a bunch of characters to play all with there ups and downs and you can tell quickly they are all there for a certain situation, they all are very useful at some point in a fight, the freedom of movement the fact that you can just go anywhere in the map whenever put down some sensors or traps where you think you  need them, but hope you don't get caught out by the big boy, Ill admit playing with friends is better, playing with people who know what there doing helps alot, but being negitive towards people because they don't know how to play a game that just came out is ridiculous, with a little bit of encouragement and just showing someone how to heal you when they need to takes 5 seconds not even, The experinces is what you make of it as it should be and the hunters are just as fun as the monster, you don't quite get the same heart pounding out your chest while you creep by a flock of birds that haven't noticed you yet while the entire team is on a rock above you trying to figure out how you ""dissapeared"" but rather you get this IM GONNA GET YOU BRO kinda of feel cause you got your boys to help its the pack mental state and it makes the game a hell of alot of fun, your boy lands a nice harpoon trap and you call the airstrike down just right so the monster jumps into it only to be hit by a tranq from the medic stoping him from escaping the hell thats raining down on him, and just when he think hes gonna get away a global arena pops up and your assault pops his sheild and has his way with the monster but don't forget to shield him when his runs out! the hunters are multi purpose and its makes them all fun the medic is a sniper the support has big guns airstrikes and can shield someone from harm? whats not to likeI know its a long review but i felt i needed to defend this game because its ♥♥♥♥ing legit, so before you read all these bad reviews and write it off just remember what i said MOST FUN IVE HAD IN YEARS, if you got the money its worth it totaly skill based game wouldn't matter what someone picks you will rekt them if you took the time to practice and get good at it just like with anything in life. 9/10"
76561198115891132,Not Recommended,273350,14485794,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,hughfeleciano,I dont buy  many games on steam at full price but i decided this game might be worth it. I was wrong.Dont buy this game because you will regret it.1. too repetitive.2. crashes 1 in 2 games. crashing just after you get your 3rd evolution horrrrrible3. too expensive4. solo play is limitedlesson learned. never buy on release date
76561198005367451,Recommended,273350,14509350,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Wayworntitan,"This is a fantastic co-op experience for the hunters. And being a monster really gives you a feeling of strength.Don't believe all the garbage about day one dlc etc, at most it's just some character skins and the season pass garaunteeing you get the four new hunters when released. Not at all nessecary for the core game which is solid.Remember, this is ther internet, most of these bad reviews are just sad broke trolls who can't afford 60$ of video game goodness!"
,Not Recommended,273350,14520133,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,RootCookie,"Poor bussiness practices, mis-sold season passes, god aweful matching system.Dont buy if you want a team based only game and have no friends to play with, as more often than not you will be placed as the monster because everyone else that dose not want to play monster will be in a pre-made, which excludes them from the role.8/10 of my games I'm picked as monster when all I want to do is play a team game for the day.From,A Monster Race holder."
,Recommended,273350,14522539,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Joey,Yes it may have over prices DLC or not much content but Evolve is a brand new game and it will become better over time as of right now i think it is a great game that provides countless hours of fun for when you are bored
,Not Recommended,273350,26521952,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ikon3d,I will never buy a 2k games either i wont buy any trs game.First off they siad-it will never go f2p.It actualy went f2p.Guys who paid a full price actualy recieved nothing when it went f2p.Now they quit supporting evolve.So ♥♥♥♥ you TRS and ♥♥♥♥ YOU 2k.I will request a refund for this.
,Not Recommended,273350,14504138,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Belgium Waffle Senpai,"Over hyped game once again... Don't get me wrong its a decent game but its just the very smaller details that will annoy you. Heres my experiences playing from the alpha, through to the beta and until now.Pros:- replayability- smooth game play- variety of characters to choose fromCons:- Pricing, the game itself + extra content- Getting stuck with a specific character every match queue up irregardless of given role preference (always getting stuck as a monster, only to be killed off within 5 minutes, which leads me to the next point)- Some what a steep learning curve. Sure there is the tutorial but after finishing it you get thrown into games where other players are of a much higher level whith greater experience. THIS deters new players from actually enjoying the game.- Somewhat a bad community where you get matched up with other players that are a higher level only to get dropped a few seconds later.- The map is not scaled to the size of the monster making it easy to find.I know pretty much every person that has reviewed this has said this but this just adds to their numbers in why you shouldnt buy this game. Not just yet.Money Could be better spent on a much more polished game Dying Light."
76561198200468034,Recommended,273350,22764363,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Plk,"Personally, I love this game and it's a really fun and addicting to play. Although Single Player (Solo) is Challenging and sometimes hard. (For Newcomers) Multiplayer is fun, well once you learn to play and unlock more monsters and fighters, also Multimode is probley good for Reviews the problem is: That there's no online servers that you can just join Like ASE (Ark Survial Evolved) and aswell there's a limit of players which is 5 and time which is about 40Min I do find this game REALLY REALLY AWESOME... Well when I don't get one shotted by a little Girl xD (Medic Val) I do Recommend this game to ANYONE at mostly Teen ages. So therefore I give this game 9/10 (UR)"
76561197993812296,Not Recommended,273350,14425289,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Genderbender,"Liked the alpha, loved the beta, despite heavy performance problems on nvidia cards with 2gb ram. Unlike some people think, this game doesn't get old fast, because there is quite a variety in strategies and a lot to learn. I had some amazing and unique matches, even a draw, with a simultanious death of monster an players. Doesn't get much better than that.However, with the current DLC policy the game is unbuyable, as it charges you fullprice, while beeing adverticed and structured as free to play. It will cost you hundreds of € just to be able to experience the whole game, as it comes with a standard content that leaves much to be desired.The ingameshop is full with skins at 1,99 to 2,99, which is a total ripoff and just shameless. A freaking weapon skin, that isn't even visible in this type of game, monster skins, that serve no purpose other than emtying the pockets of poor (or rich) idiots. The quality of the dlc doesn't justify the prices at all.The devellopers can squirm as they like, the dlc prices are not necessary to maintain the game, especially not when it's a full price game. It's a scam and nothing else. I would have paid 40€ for the game, but now 2K will see none of my money until its deadcheap in a sale, because that is the message they should get: if you want to charge me continuously and unreasonably on a fullprice game, then I'll just wait until I get the whole♥♥♥♥♥♥for 10 bucks. And I'll give you extra 5 for a dlc that patches the ingameshop out of this game."
76561198060646075,Recommended,273350,14426026,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Sir to the 5th Ginger,I loved the single player alot and the difficulty grew when it needed to... Have only played multiplayer a few times and only had a few problems with people not having mics... Overall a good game
,Not Recommended,273350,21856288,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,sTroovE,"as a new player to this game, i spent literally 3 hours and knew it would not be a fun time. uninstall is the best part. but waiting an hour to play makes me wanna die."
,Recommended,273350,14541873,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Dr.Stefan,"Totally sold on this game. I got really burned out on League of legends and how it pretty much turned into a job trying to keep up with how the game is played. Evolve has enough strategy to make it have a lot of replay value, but each match offers enough reward to make even bad games worth it.  I have enjoyed playing both as monster and as the hunters. Each side offers their own distinct experiences. I often play one side for several matches and then switch to the other to spice things up.  The asymmetrical gameplay makes it a, generally, interesting experience.  I am really enjoying the exploration of how to play the game and becoming proficient at each class and monster.  Some are more appealing than other, but overall I enjoy playing them all.Of course there are balancing issues, but TRS shows us how balanced WLR's are for each monster, and hunter and give us a lot of other information to be transparant about who is winning and with what abilities. When you see Kraken's WLRgo from 70% to 51% or so you know that they have done good balancing.I have been impressed with how TRS (Turtle Rock Studios) has dealt with the community (I relagate the DLC debacle on 2k and even then I don't really care, its my money I'll spend it how I want).  This is a large plus for the game. TRS is very open about how they are making the game and what they are making.  I am excited to see how the game changes and grows under their leadership.I think my main issue with the game is that games can end up being just a long chase to end up being killed by a full health, full armor monster.  These games are really no fun at all, but this is mostly a learning curve issue and less a design issue.I see a lot of similarities to MOBAs and feel right at home in Evolve. There is a high learning curve, but a lot of pay off to learning how to play.  People have their issues with paid DLC, but games like League of Legends has a very similar system.  Get a good group of friends and jump in its a blast."
76561198065271693,Not Recommended,273350,24160991,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Not Bob,"Spent $100 on this game before it came out, now its free. To be honest this is the biggest back stab a company has ever done to the people who supported its game even when it was failing. I didn't play this game much but what I did was okay, especially when it felt like i had gotten my money's worth when new dlc came out. Now I feel that my money would have been better served going into a garbage can. Do not download this game, it takes up a ton of space that could be used to download much better games. Download a game that has devs who actually support and follow the ideas of the community,  not one that has devs who just take people's money and run."
,Recommended,273350,22024312,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Incognito,"Paying 15 EUR for this game and two season passes, you can't go wrong here! ;)EDIT:GREAT NEWS!Evolve is going free - 2 play on July 7. Hope to see more players around!Official confirmation source -https://talk.turtlerockstudios.com/t/a-message-to-our-community/87816"
,Recommended,273350,14493335,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Mr. B,i was hesitant at first when buying this game. The biggest issue was that I love team based games so when I'm the monster I thought it would be dumb playing alone. I was incredibly wrong! This game is outstanding
76561197970243116,Recommended,273350,14487183,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,penguizaur,"intense, excellent quality, amazing experience...However, you will hate it if:A) don't have friends to play with all the timeB) spending money on your hobbies makes you rageC) DLC/Skins make you feel cheated psychologically"
76561197976417956,Recommended,273350,14414172,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,DRevD,"Don't believe the salt.This game is one of the best multiplayer experiences you will find -IF- you play with a group of friends or a team that actually uses the dang microphones to communicate because you NEED to coordinate to catch the monster. I've put in over 150 hours into this game already between the two alphas, the beta and early press release, AND still not bored.Play with friends as the 4 hunters and monster, and you will have a blast. It has moments that puts to shame most epic boss battles in other games. Playing as monster is a truly unique experience. Playing as hunters is intense and everyone on the team needs to be on their A-game or the team will topple. Just understand that if you rely on matchmaking, YOU CAN'T BE MIC SHY ...this is as hunters of course. You have to talk to your teammates. Don't be afraid to tell newbies what they could do differently. Just don't be a raging d-bag about it and most people will respond well. Calling them a d*****s f****t n00b is not going help.#1 PROTIP for hunters, don't just follow the tracks of the monster. The monster is faster than the hunters and you will never catch him like that. Split up into 2 teams of two. One team chases the monster (monster players usually skirts the edges of the map). The other team stays central to the map, and moves in to cut off the monster once the chasing team has found him in a favorable spot. The team that cuts off should have the trapper with the mobile arena ready to go. There are a lot of variations to this tactic, so experiment! However EVERYONE on the team needs to be a good tracker. Do not rely on the trapper player to do all the heavy lifting when it comes to finding the monster. And ABSOLUTELY DO NOT rely solely on daisy (maggies trapjaw pet) to find the monster. She will always be one step behind the monster. Daisy is simply a tool to figure out general direction of the monster. Its up to the players to actually find the monster using that info. Unfortunately the game kinda trains new players to simply follow daisy and simply follow the monster tracks. And its probably why some new players might find the game ""boring"" at first since all they are doing is mindlessly chasing a monster they can never catch.Also realise that most negative reviews are from people not owning the game and simply played the alpha for a few hours. Also note they are mostly Salty about the DLC. Do your own reseach on DLC. Its not that bad or different than most DLC. There is no Day 1 DLC (other than cosmetic skins, the monster-pack monster is still being made). All future maps and game modes are FREE. Wraith is not locked behind a paywall (you can unlock her through normal gameplay).  I would say the only thing that bothers me about the DLC is the price. A little too high imo. Also 2k biggest mistakes was pushing the DLC too hard and too early in a VERY anti-DLC enviroment."
76561197997728699,Not Recommended,273350,14419031,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,UsaLostLiberty,"WoooW ,what happened here all the hype all the advertising  and they delivered a stinkerWaste of potential and resources ,yes the graphics are nice ,however after 1 hour in to the gameits boring and repetitive having more fun playing Titanfall. If only this was made as Team FPS or RPG game maybe will be more replayable"
,Not Recommended,273350,14616146,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Gl0ven,Great concept. Developed by geniuses with and awful server which can host a hole 8 potatoes at a time. OMG A WHOLE 8 POTATOES?! Buy a new god damn server with my 60 quid.Concept 11/10Loading times 9000/10servers Potatoe/69
76561197995581373,Not Recommended,273350,14671227,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Rev,if you like playing as the moster is great cuz that seems to be the only thing this game will let me play... apart rom that its a fun game just not worth the 60 bucks.
,Not Recommended,273350,14684225,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,ccmatt,"It's fun with friends, and I'd love to play it more. But I cannot recommend this game to anyone. It's a big price tag on a small game. Only get this if it is on sale; not worth your money."
,Not Recommended,273350,22654014,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Rodrigo Rodriguez,rip off
,Recommended,273350,32673960,Posted: 23 June,all,Lord Nazo,"This is honestly a fantastic game that is completely underrated.I only wish players would play this more often than the overly-repetitive, overhyped, oversaturated game that is Overwatch."
76561198090746427,Not Recommended,273350,14690165,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,HEISENBERG,it looks good from the traliers but takes ages to load up and ages to load anything in it and when it dose load it looks crap. i demand a full cash refund
,Recommended,273350,14529230,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,TwistedIntents,"Evolve is fun, looks great, and runs great. There is a decent amount of maps, and lots of game mods to spice each map up. The characters and monsters are really well designed, and the differant kinds of wild life are neat.One problem with the hunters is when even one player doesn't know what they are doing it's a major handicap on the rest of the team. The monster only needs to worry about their own skill level.The main issue with the game is of coarse the DLC. Aside from the fact that day 1 DLC is deplorable on it's own, most of the DLC are way overpriced skins, and not even real skins, they're just differant colors.It pains me that such a great game that clearly has had a ton of effort put into it has to suffer because of greedy♥♥♥♥♥publishers. Since I doubt the little money they'll make from these♥♥♥♥♥♥poor DLC choices will make up for the copies of the game that people won't be buying out of protest for 2K's greed."
76561198060504533,Recommended,273350,14528929,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Ezy,"(My score for this game 8/10)This game is about Hunter hunting monster. What you have to do is base on your role. Every role have 4 skills for each class, and 1 class have three character with 3 kills difference on each character.1.Assualt, He is damage dealer try to to deal as mush damage as he can. 3 difference skills is base on deal or increasing damage and one skill is barrier(all assualt class have it)2.Hunter, Track and capture monster. Every hunter have there own tracking way.-Run follow dog to hunt monster.-use sensore around the map to sense monster when it run pass.-use bullet signal on monster or on animal to let monster eat it.3.Support,support your team in difference way depend on charactor you pick up. all character have group invisible(can't see for a while but still can get hit)Skill -Can call artility and give friend temporary armor.-Use UAV to tracking monster from far distance and setup sentry-Shoot through wall for medium distance ,Spray out small area to see all creature around in cluding monster        And last one is to make monster apsorb more damage when other hunter dealing damage.4.Medic. Do what ever to Keep your team alive all character have  Heal area(Heal around him/her self and him/her self)Skill -Heal(Link),Mark(make that small point of monster recieve more damage),Drug(make monster move slower for very few second).-Mark,invisible(personal),Resurrect-Gernage launcher(Not long distance gun),Gernage Heal,Acceration(Team runfaster)Just that. What I write down is about 60 % of the game already. This game have not mush to do. some people get excite hunting monster or being monster for first ten hour and then you will get boring and more boring so quickly.***BUG*** This game still have some bug-Black screen before joining map-Stuck in the air when jumping from starting point(air ship)-Fall out of the map and death.+For now I found only 3 bug happen to me for few times. it's not serius bug.But I do like this game because they put alot of detail in graphic and it's nicely done game with creative idea so I vote recommend for this game.This game is good to play atleast try it. But (again) Keep it in your mind  $ 59.99, £ 34.99, € 49.99 and 1500 THB. Is over expensive than it's suppost to be."
76561197970710067,Not Recommended,273350,14420499,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,random,what a load of♥♥♥♥♥♥ and team you can go ♥♥♥♥ your self i wont ever use you again i dont any way  anmore because your♥♥♥♥♥♥but now you wont let me get a refund on a♥♥♥♥♥♥game i tried once ♥♥♥♥ you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you! unimpressed so far thinking of asking for a refund
,Recommended,273350,17881235,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,KARAMBOOLA,one of the best games i ever played
,Not Recommended,273350,14444575,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,80oz Pony Bottle,This game is awful awful awful. Do not waste your money.
,Not Recommended,273350,14429900,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Meurto,"Pretty much the same♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over.Grind, get another character. Grind, get another item.Really lacks substance.Community really hurts match making, most people want to be the monster, or hunter. Whenthey are chosen for the monster, they just quit. No punishment for it.At 60$ and insane DLC at launch, this game was a money grab. Either the publisher or developer should be ashamed."
76561197995937507,Not Recommended,273350,14712570,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,GeneralSot,"Well, Very fun game,  had a blast playing it, now recently, they nerfed the monsters, the game is a joke now, monsters are useless, and there's no fun in playing this DLC BUY ME DAY 1 crap... what a shame and what a wasted game, you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ at turtle rock, nerfing and destroying the game like this...."
76561198021277904,Not Recommended,273350,14726855,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Jokolism,"Worst game ever to play, a level 1 gets in a lobby to play against a level 20, a level 10, a level 35 and a level 5, equals worst game cause you can't do♥♥♥♥♥♥how carefull you might play, if you ask me the game is a waste of money cause you need 5 people to play with so it aint worth the money"
,Not Recommended,273350,14597923,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,🅱ｏｎｅｌｅｓｓ,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=moTvp6tamn4DLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLCDLC.
76561198013617267,Not Recommended,273350,14668393,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,BadDog,Once you figure out the mechanics of the game...you find out that you don't want to play it.  Major grind!
76561198054997844,Recommended,273350,14496563,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Hitler-Chan,"iT IS AN AMAZING SHOOTER. fun with friends or by yourself. adds a nice element of strategy, and there are many options for play styles."
76561198091304444,Recommended,273350,16517463,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Khaz,"350 hours, quick recapFight and hunt big monstersFight and hunt small humansFree modes, Free maps, Free community skinsInevitably succumb to OP lightning turkeys and various other wildlife11/10 game would recommend all DLC for maximum mammoth bird killing"
76561198024678252,Recommended,273350,14614673,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Crusher99,Nice game. Good graphics and sound.- Experienced some crashs and quite regularly the cursor bugs (no cursor in menu or cursor in game).+/- Gameplay is quite enjoyable with people that know what they are supposed to do.- Sometimes wierd matchmaking; being loaded into games that have already started.+ Loading screen simulator 2015 :p
76561198041703731,Recommended,273350,14571784,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,RoundhouseNorris,"A lot of fun. Havent enjoyed a game this much in awhile, although it could possibly get old somewhat quick. The only con for me is the DLC but its not like its something that you need to have a good time    8/10"
76561198059712422,Not Recommended,273350,14505836,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,miki,"I blessed this game with my typing fingers on the official Evolve Steam forum. I got banned because I posted a topic about a site for low spec computers to play the game through. And all I asked in return was for them to refer me. Since I saw that some people had problems running it. 14 days banned. No warnings.But this is not why I am writing a negative review. The point is, the game is almost like a demo with multiplayer. The 4v1 is not a model I really like after testing it out. It doesn't feel competitive or nice to win against 1 person as a 4 player team, even though the monster is buffed up to counter this.Playing the monster is not fun at all for me. You rely on yourself, and you can only win against bad pubs. Against a co-ordinated team, you can even lose as Wraith or Kraken.But on the other side, if you are a casual pub player that just want to rank up in the leaderboards... well, there is no solo queue for you to do that (unless you count Monster as solo queue). This is rated 18+ but has game features for little kids that play one of their first games.So, I stopped playing and went on after there were no more people to play with (in the morning). I had to wait a long time only to become my least favoured role (the monster) against a high level team of hunters.The DLC in this game is just not okay. I defended it, but now that I am not biased because I bought a product from my bank account, I can drop my cover and see it how it really is.So, the only way to support a game like this, according to the game devs and publishers... is to put all skins (except for elite skin) for sale, the characters that didnt launch with the game - for sale, and the monsters for sale (which already has a small roster) for double the price of a hunter. They want you to pay them to play the game, and then buy in-game stuffs. Advantage or not, we have yet to see, but with buffs and nerfs common in multiplayer games, it's obvious the newest will be UNKNOWN how to handle with and A BIT TOO STRONG.Now I don't even want to play the game for a one round match. I get sick even thinking about the sad, depressive graphic environment around it. Not even a dark game like Diablo has this depressive environment.I don't recommend buying this game, unless it goes F2P and gives the buyers of the product real life currency to use in the game. Which won't happen, because they will get even more bad rep then. I wouldn't even like it either, I would appreciate if I got back my money after they go F2P a lot more.TL;DR: It's a demo. Don't be fooled by it's pretentous trailers."
,Not Recommended,273350,19764866,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,KokOkAi,plz dont buy it... hard to find game!
76561198085688010,Recommended,273350,23757493,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,LittleKing,this game is a GOOD GAME its multiplayer but its fair its kinda like dead by daylight but its flipped  i highly suggest even tho its a dead game its still fun to play
76561198073018185,Not Recommended,273350,14517379,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Chronologic,"I honestly can't reccomend it but thats only because I can't play it. I mean, I played it a bit and it was AMAZING! Great shooter game, great all around really. But, my game lags so much its not even possible. I honestly thought that it would be able but this is a really heavy game and if your computer isn't the best... You might get a bit of lag to deal with. Personally lag ruins it because I am trying to shoot hunters with fire breath and I end up facing the opposite way. It freezes up and next thing I know I am dead. There are also a few glitched parts with the trappers dome. I was near a cliff and when it got cast I was stuck between the net and the cliff. I was stuck so I couldn't move or use anything while they just endlessly shot me. But if you don't get lag and don't get stuck. GOOD FOR YOU! This is really a great game, but I wish I could get my money back or knew how."
,Not Recommended,273350,14471245,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,MattB,"I purchased this primarily to play as the monsters. Playing as Goliath feels clunky and suprisingly weak when in combat against the hunters. You have to pound them over and over and over to make them drop, and it then seems too easy for them to revive. Getting trapped at before evolving feels hopeless. Maybe I suck, but the bots feel overly brutal and the single player mode has a virtually flat difficulty curve other than a simple option to favor hunters or favor monsters. The game play seems like it could be fun, but in reality falls flat and isn't compelling enough to keep me playing to improve. I love difficult games, but nothing in this game conveys to me what exactly is causing my repeated failures, so it feels like poor design is at fault. After a few sessions I've decided to give up on this game. It isn't fun, just frustrating."
,Recommended,273350,14487226,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Ro0k,"It's freaking awesome, inexpressible feelings. Exciting gameplay with oppressive atmosphere of persecution makes this game very interesting. Each game is not similar than another. I don't now how much it will be interesting to play in it, but it's really cost this money.As for me it's the best action of 2015 year.Buy and you'll not regret."
,Recommended,273350,14483505,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,ReepaX,"Evolve, for me, has been a awesome game so far. Gameplay, graphics and delivery.But i dont understand all the DLC hate Bandwagon. Alot of the reviews for this game go on about the price of DLC's. All the DLC (for now) in this game is just skins for guns/monsters, thats it. No pay-to-win. No locks content, so to say. I just see the skins as a donation to the developers, Kind of like League of Legends.While the game is pricey ATM, i feel its worth it if you have the money to spend. Although you could get multiable indie games for the same price. But this is the price we pay for AAA titles these days.I play this game mainly with friends, so im unsure if this game is worth it to solo players. While it does have single player modes, its just the multiplayer modes with bots. No real campaign, kind of like titanfall.TLDR; DLC is just skins. Pricey game for now, but if you have the money to spend. Go for it."
,Not Recommended,273350,14524234,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Rip,"Disclaimer: THIS REVIEW COMPLETELY IGNORES THE BIAS CREATED BY THE DLC/SEASON PASS/MICROTRANSACTION DEBACLE!TL;DR: The concept of Evolve is great, but it was executed poorly. 2015's Titanfall, fun for a week, then done. Also, get an attention span so people like me don't have to dumb down reviews for idiots like you.... TL;DR indeed...I think the idea of tracking/hunting down a creature using various methods in a beautiful locale is a great idea. Unfortunately this is not what we got from Evolve. I think many were expecting this game to be the next Left 4 Dead, which it definitely is NOT.I thought that it would be a bit slower paced, you would follow tracks and other evidence, and ultimately, after a decent amount of time, find the beast and face off with it. I thought it would take skill and brains to track it, I thought it would make you THINK, god forbid. Instead what do we get? Follow the big glowy tracks that any idiot can see, or follow your hunting dog, or follow the sound of disturbed birds. No matter what you do, you end up spending about 90% of your time jetpacking around the map, often in circles, doing nothing. Just run and jetpack, run and jetpack. What happens when you finally find the monster? A battle, sure, but it's a big, chaotic, hectic mess. Often the monster runs away and you spend another several minutes running and jumping.... running and jumping. Find it again, big, chaotic mess, rinse and repeat. And you always have the sense of urgency looming over you because the longer you take to find the beast, the more powerful it becomes. It's always RUSH RUSH RUSH, FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT! Great for your typical ADD-riddled gamer of today, I suppose, but not for me.There are several game modes, but ultimately you are doing as described above, with slightly different objectives. I feel like it was a lazy way to get more replay value, personally. I will also say, as patient as I am, the load times are INSANE for a modern game. In the game mode ""Evacuation"", you are essentially playing a multi-mission campaign, with one big payout at the end. The amount of downtime between these missions is frustrating to no end, 95% of is spent waiting for match start countdowns or just ludicrous load times. Pile on the rage.The character abilities are well-thought-out, but some characters have rather unbalanced loadouts. Take, for example Lazarus, the medic. His only heal ability is an area-of-effect health burst with an all-too-long cooldown. ""Don't use him"", you say? Well to unlock the third and final medic character, you will need to master the abilities of the first 2 medics, Lazarus included. This makes matches with Lazarus very irritating to play in, but forces medic players to use him if they want to unlock the third medic character. Overall, the playable hunters are fairly solid in their design and balance with the aforementioned exception (and possibly a few more)What bothers me the most, however, is how UNSATISFYING the game is. When you finally corner the monster, it doesn't feel like a reward, it feels like a pain-in-the♥♥♥♥♥ You can never do any real damage to any of the monster types and they have so many attacks that knock you around and juggle you that combat is just frustrating and ultimately it's just NOT FUN. Even if you could get off uninterrupted attacks on the beast, you do so little damage to it that it doesn't even matter. It's not that killing a monster is impossible, or even hard, it's just not satisfying. The hunting isn't satisfying, the combat isn't satisfying, the winning isn't satisfying. It all just feels like work... and you don't even get paid for it!Ultimately, to make this game good in my eyes, it would take a complete pacing, damage scale and combat revamp from top to bottom. I know that will never happen, so once I've put a little more time into it to justify the amount of money spent, I will not be returning to this game and I defintely don't recommend it to anybody unless you find the above written to sound appealing."
76561198040330163,Not Recommended,273350,14448638,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,BumReaper,"aye, dont get it."
76561198126772781,Recommended,273350,14616363,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,MAKESOMENOISE,"Great, lots of fun. I would recommend Evolve for people who like to play co op games with their friends as team work is the key.Despite everyone giving this game negative reviews because of dlc I really like it.The monsters are fun to use, and the AI for the monsters is very good, they learn and trick you which is a nice touch."
,Not Recommended,273350,14425778,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,BigC90210,"As a person who absolutely love setting fire to my money, I purchased this for £60 only to be met with a splashscreen that crashes that I cant seem to get past.  Lovely. Completely broken game, cannot believe they have charged so much when it fundamentally doesnt work, and if you can get past the splash screen and into a game, almost every time it crashes within the first 15 seconds of the match starting.Pleased I bought an I7, 32gb RAM and 3 Titans, to not be able to play the game.  Refund please?"
76561197972167753,Recommended,273350,14446490,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Mattee,Best multiplayer game I've played since BF3.
,Recommended,273350,16520731,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Holy Rhino,"Basically: The game is amazing, but only really worth it at 50% off and with five other friends to play with.I played from release and it is a really good, solid game and I have derived hundreds of hours of entertainment from it and do not regret the purchase in the slightest.However: To most, I can't say it is worth the base price. The game has just gone 50% off and only now can I 100% fully reccomend it. While it is 50% off I would buy the PC Monster Race edition, because at £30 that is actually worth it, but if you do not want to go that far, the base game is definitely worth £18 as well.The playerbase has shrunk below 1000 on PC partly due to their horrendous DLC practises and pricing model and also due to the ineffectiveness of their match-making system. The matches are not ranked and I have played almost entirely single player because as a hunter this game relies heavily on teamwork and cooperation and teamwork amongs a bunch of complete strangers is not going to happen. The online experience will be most enjoyable with five other friends who you know and can work with and who will not take it too seriously."
,Not Recommended,273350,30136844,Posted: 24 February,all,Landy,I hurt myself todayTo see if I still feelI focus on the painThe only thing that's realThe needle tears a holeThe old familiar stingTry to kill it all awayBut I remember everythingWhat have I becomeMy sweetest friendEveryone I know goes awayIn the endAnd you could have it allMy empire of dirtI will let you downI will make you hurtI wear this crown of thornsUpon my liar's chairFull of broken thoughtsI cannot repairBeneath the stains of timeThe feelings disappearYou are someone elseI am still right hereWhat have I becomeMy sweetest friendEveryone I know goes awayIn the endAnd you could have it allMy empire of dirtI will let you downI will make you hurtIf I could start againA million miles awayI would keep myselfI would find a way
76561197970533528,Not Recommended,273350,14434984,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Mole,"Playing the Monsters is a waste of time. Its 4 v 1 and the monster starts at 0 and has to level up whilst the Hunters have all their gear and get to blast you merrily. Tracking the monsters is easy as♥♥♥♥♥♥its a wonder they even botheres putting it in the game. The amount of buffs to kill or hamper the monster far outweight anything the monster can employ.The XP gained while even playing the monster doesnt unlock monster buffs, it unlocks Hunters. Oh and if you think you get to choose which monster you play think again. you have to unlock every single thing on the goliath, to get to the next one, and then all of that to get another.Why the ♥♥♥♥ would they make playing something different like a monster so hard to actually do. The game is HEAVILY stacked towards the hunters.Avoid this game if you want to play the monster. Better off playing Giants.Want to play multiplayer with some friends? better have five people else you dont get to choose the monster either. No server selection, no bots or AI options just random people to fill any missing slots."
,Not Recommended,273350,14419406,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,ixxel,"I've played the alpha and the beta, and I had pre-purchased this game because I thought it was going to be something I wanted to play several times a week.  However, once they started coming out with all the DLC add-on packages I decided to cancel because the game is really incomplete without them.But if it you want to pay the $99.99 up front to get everything its a fun game, and it is well done.  But personally I'm going to wait for a sale six months down the road when their sales and player numbers need a boost."
76561198011596650,Recommended,273350,17936922,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Alex Delarge,Simply amazing game but not for poor kiddies.:)
,Recommended,273350,14510737,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Blaze_E6,"i am LOVING this game i cant say it enough, yes i know the pricing is crappy but you can pick it up for around £25 if you look around. Great game.... poor pricing"
,Recommended,273350,14523701,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Ace,"Dear everyone complaining about the pricing: If you cant afford it, dont buy it. No, No, dont speak, thats the end of it.Evolve is a fantastic and beautiful game that exhibits replayability and a unique multiplayer. I for one have done tons of research and tested earlier versions and am happy to purchase the 100 dollar version to support a job well done. Notice noone complains about the gameplay or the playability, just the money. So I repeat to the haters, dont ♥♥♥♥♥ just because you dont want to dish out for a game."
,Recommended,273350,14522000,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,RED-AK47,"I liked the game overall! I don't like however how you have to be placed in a game as the monster or a game that is already a lose or been going for more than five minutes. Yeah sure you do get to use your favorite character alot but, its just annoying how these guys like to team up ans make you monster just about 90 percent of the time. I give it two thumps up tho!"
76561198008031610,Recommended,273350,14513164,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Cabròn,"A very enjoyable co-operative shooter, which also gives me the option to play AGAINST the co-operative team with a monster that plays vastly different to the hunters.Has some serious balancing issues, but once they get sorted out, and some more playstyles are introduced with the addition of more hunters/monsters, the game should become even more fun than it already is."
76561198017446427,Recommended,273350,14424218,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,phoenixfire911,"Well what can i say about this game,that its absolutly wonderful. Sure there is few glitches here and there,but what game doesnt have them, balance on both sides of the hunt is good, graphics are amazing, combination of the maps are always a surprize, and the adrelanin to be hunter or to be hunted is always trilling."
,Not Recommended,273350,14747370,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Bizeboy,"Not sure if you have fixed a previous problem with balancing.. should be just simple mathbeyond that now though is the connection issues. You can broadcast a fo tournament and pretendyou have servers that can handle your game but the reality is I just wasted 50 dollars on a game my computer can handle, but your servers can'tall this hype for nothingI think we as a community should have learned that games that hype and shadow movies ( Chappie) to make their games look better are♥♥♥♥♥♥games - ahem Destiny - all hype no contentpeople update your reveiws to reflect the changes in the system pleaseand be ready for random dc's mid match thats always a pleasure"
76561198069405597,Not Recommended,273350,16112077,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Tintin,"Well the game had such GREAT HOPES of becoming the first in its kind to allow players to be the MONSTER and have a crap tun of fun!, they limited the game in a LARGE way!First off like all FPS Games it takes after the Find target and kill Target.Then it takes the TYPICAL role of all FPS games by shoot and kill REPETITIVE CRAP!If I wanted to FIND and SHOOT or in this case as a MONSTER EAT my target I would have just not gotten the game!I was so looking forward to a Nice story line game with some FPS in it and had a great deal of FUN, insteed I play a game with no story just a mini game (SOLO MODE) where it is 5 stages and that's all you get! Monster or Man/woman.Yea well I know what most think....The MMO will be better...well gess what NOPE your WRONG!, it is the same as SOLO mode just with real Peeps.The thing I hate the most is Pre Determend Charature pics No matter what lv you are, no Custom option on Ither player or Monster, to me this SUCKS!Pros - Monsters are Cool looking and the Idea behind it was GREAT, Man/Woman Also have some Nice looking changes to Skin.The Maps are well done detail and look GREAT!The Game handling is good and no sluggish or hard to learn.Cons - There is No Custom EVOLUTION on Monsters you simply are what you are, just get bigger!Man/Woman  Is pick a skin and gain more power to hunt.You never get to Custom your Man/Woman gear or Outfit or looks.Maps are small and not as large as they could be with a little more time.Story = there is NONEThere is of course more a person could pick on and feed of for bad review but I will let the next player figure on that.As for me my Rating on this game even after MY HIGH HOPES....I give this game a Thumbs DOWN at a 4 out of 10If you feel you wish to play the game then EXPECT a game like BLINK, Hype KILLS!"
76561198167197721,Recommended,273350,22617318,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Bbank97,This Game is Good Sh!t
,Not Recommended,273350,23305102,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,DeptH64,The monster is OP. too easy as the monster and hard to get a good team. This game has a great idea but it just doesn't work in the end.
,Recommended,273350,14491783,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,..::Executioner::..,"All these people that are ♥♥♥♥♥ing about the DLC content: It. Is. Optional.Turtle Rock designed this game to be fun and all the dlc is for is cosmetic purposes and doesn't do anything in game other than make your character look a little different.  You get 2 additional monsters, the four newest hunters, plus the two (four?) that were promised to be released with the game from pre-purchase. Why are you ♥♥♥♥♥ing about optional content?My over-all opinion of the game is that it has a LOT of promise and has caught the attention of a LOT of people because of this newer style of gameplay that actually forces teamwork or you will fail. This is an awesome game and people just want something to be complain about. Just appreciate the hardwork that was put into this and appreciate the fact that it's not a pay-2-win game."
76561198040131000,Not Recommended,273350,14484970,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Rooky,How can I play a game that doesnt connect to a server
76561198060873710,Recommended,273350,24163653,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,CataclystZA,"F2P was a good decision, still glad I bought the game early."
76561197961156653,Recommended,273350,14547606,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Muzta89,Game is absolutely amazing. Graphics kick♥♥♥♥♥and the mulitplayer is amazing. I love being monster and pounding on some hunters and ruining their day :-D
,Recommended,273350,14586198,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Skylynx,"Evolve is a great game, however like most mulitiplayer games, it does get a bit boring, but It's a very beautiful game.The idea of the game is very unique, four players must work together to kill player, who is the monster.There are two ways you can play, solo or mulitiplayer, which has very few games modes such as Hunt, where it is just hunt the monster, Nest, where the monster must protect the eggs so he/she can have minions attacking the Hunters and very few other game modes, but they are all very similar.However the gameplay is very good, with the Hunters you can use Jetpacks to get to hard to reach places, whist the monster you can climb most terrian, however with the Kracken you can float but not forever and the Wraith can teleport but it's not unlimited."
76561197986203933,Recommended,273350,14546597,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,figure_04,"I very much enjoy this game, either playing Hunters or Monsters.  A lot of users are complaining about the DLC for this game, which isn't a big deal to me.  If I don't want it, I won't buy it.  Not really a big deal.I enjoy the game play, the graphics, and the concept."
76561197993590255,Not Recommended,273350,18015626,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Endless_Clips,"Ok first off expect to play nothing but the Wraith monster in this title as it is extremely overpowered and everyone knows it. expect to have a horrible experience playing as a hunter, because of the latter, as you will constantly demote because you can no longer win a match because of the poorly designed overpadded stats and powers of the wraith and even the Kraken. for someone like me who only prefers the thrill of the hunt, this has completely taken any kind of enjoyment out of the game for me. example I have just lost 7 or more  games in a row with good teamates, because people only play as the Wraith, whereas before I lost once to every 4 or 5 victories. I cannot recommend this game at this time until the developers fix the blatently obvious discrepencies betwen Hunters and Monster(Wraith)."
76561198002198161,Not Recommended,273350,35438556,Posted: 3 October,all,Dargona,FREE TO PLAY ???? I've bought it 80$ !!!!!
76561198028783151,Not Recommended,273350,24567446,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Johnny Law,Never have I been so insulted by a gaming company.Never will I support any game from them again.
76561198026997819,Not Recommended,273350,14539822,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Mrwho,"I honestly just bought Evolve to see what the fuss about DLC was all about.I was puzzeled at first as to why I saw so many people saying that Evolve had a terrible DLC deal and others saying it wasn`t such a big deal and I unfornatly have to say, people overeacted alot about it.Is Evolve a bad game ? not at all, it is close to solid in its gameplay and I dont think I realy have to say something about its graphics.The thing is, Evolve was cursed with a ungrateful choice of showing its DLC.2K and TurtleRock studios didn`t made anything wrong with it, all the items in the store avaible right now (as per date of this post) is purely cosmetic and doesn`t impactate the game expirience at all.The one thing I didn`t appriciated though is the Monster race edition pack as right now is purely a desguised pre-order on top of the season pass with litte bonus to justify its cost, again, a very, VERY bad choice on 2k and TurtleRock choice.Still nothing is entirely wrong with these DLCs because is only the consumer`s choice to pay for earlier items or lets say ''packs'' of content that can be found inside the game store seperatly that are avaible right now or will be added later on.Please keep in mind I belive pretty much evryone who went against the DLC choices are still right and not entirely miss guided on their opinion, 2014 was a terrible year for the industry and it created alot of uncertainty between it and the public so its not only fair but right for the consumers to be angry with the choices made for Evolve DLC presentation.To keep the review complete I would say that Evolve is fun but not great, for people who prefer to play alone the game lacks a campaing mode that defnetly would benefit the game if implemented in the future, but if played with friends and a player monster it can bring alot of quality time for the time being.Unfortnatly if that could be improved on a greater variety of maps and game modes this would help also make the game feel like more worth the default cost of 60 dollars (99 reals).With all that said, if you dont feel you have the people or much interest in this kind multiplayer focused game like me, keep your money, you may need it to feed your family."
,Recommended,273350,14537179,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Tedei,"Look I may be the first person to give this game its first postitive recomendation, this game pulled me in with extreme teamwork and corrdination. You dont need to pay for the dlc's although they are stupid to pay for new characters they are not needed to fully play the game. I think all of the good hunters and monsters are the the ones without dlc but that is my mind. This game is heavily based on team work so buy it with the fact of knowing you are a fast learner.TLDR DLC is dumb but it has potential wait for a few patches then reconsider."
76561197963213304,Recommended,273350,14493469,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Tundraking,"A solid game at the core, in desperate need of some balance adjustments in the hunters favor. Had some fun with it but at a few days in the game has been ""solved"" and hunters are constantly getting trounced by the wraith or kraken. The goliath is pretty strong and fighting him is more entertaining, you can tell the games mechanics were designed around him, the other two feel tacked on and overpowered. Wait for a sale, perhaps by then we'll see a patch to remove the diminishing health bar for the hunters, better uptime on the jetpacks and some UI cleanups(bringing up the map kills all your heads up indicators). It's the seek and boss fight game you thought it was, but the kraken just bossfights you at level 1 and the wraith seldom ever gets caught before level 3. Spread out, stealth revive your teamates, lay damage on a monster corpse camping. Jetpack dodging is your friend but a supernova wraith is on you forever."
,Recommended,273350,14540904,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,haro,"Awesome game best so far this year would reccomend, kids are just complaining about not getting a discount on the dlcs before playing the game i payed $170 AUD for the PC Monster Race and it is worth it allready. And im not rich but im happy to pay that much for this game."
,Not Recommended,273350,14627492,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,WarpOs [OT],"STILL IN BETA!!!Servers are bad. Yes, they are.You get disconnected, take abou 30secs to reconnect, it sends you back to your previous game, BUT WAIT, it already placed some ♥♥♥♥ty player, so you HAVE TO SPECTATE. You choose to leave, you got the one minute wait, when its not your fault. The BEST part is, after you wait the fKin minute, search for a new game, GUESS WHAT? Send's you back as spectator, AGAIN!Second part:I tried the monster on Beta versions, not even close to my style, I DONT want to play as a monster, I got this game for the COOP part, gues what, playing as a monster ITS NOT. Today I got the worst possible, I waited about 32 minutes because I keept leaving the game this crap put me as a monster. from this 32 times, 4 times i left THE SAME game, Its fKin Stu%$#."
,Recommended,273350,14546681,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,stefnhawkn-Daddys Home,"Okay im 50/50 on this game thus far. I played through Alpha and thought it was awesome. So i decided to risk buying this game on release over pre ordering GTA 5. I should of bought GTA 5.What i like about the game:1. Team who made Left 4 Dead designed/made this game.2. Graphics look amazing, runs great too.3. The concept of 4 people working to out smart a monster player. Sounds easy dont it, easier said than done.4. The characters are all different.5. learnign to play different roles is always a cool thing.what i dont like about this game:1. The game can quickly go from Hide n seek or manhunt to okay im jump taping my spacebar sight seeing at times.2. The game is really made by the monster player. If the monster sucks its over quick...if hes really good itll take atleast 10-15 minuts of chasing , finding and fighting...at level 3 , your in for a true fight.3. Trolls. Thats any game though.4. I dont regret the buy...but against whats coming out soon i would say get others first and come back for this...if its still around.5. Do we really need to see that same intro ALL the time before a match. Dont know if its just me but i got tired of it pretty quick.6. I would of loved to be able to swap weps between the characters of the same class.I think its a good game but at the moment with games like gta 5, mk 10, and other stuff about to come out i would suggest you get those before this. If history proves anything it shows that poeple played l4d and l4d 2 for a long time. maybe this will hold weight here as well. It comes down to how content developes for this game. Possibility is endless. New Monsters, New hunters introduced often would make it awesome.  So ill give it a yes...with hopes that it turns into something super great."
,Recommended,273350,14564864,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Captain Taylor the Sandy Sailor,"Even though I'd 100% recommend this game to a friend almost every single negative comment is right: It's a good game but it be better if 2K weren't a bunch of kikes and didn't release it with DLC, then also sell vanity skins which would have easily made a profit if people weren't already feeling stretched thin for buying the god damn DLC.9/10 for EvolveSheklelstine/Jew for 2K"
,Not Recommended,273350,14600969,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Astral Ocean,regardless of  losing your progress bug and some other glitches this game is fun
,Recommended,273350,14534514,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Lt.Spazman,"Evolve is a fun game pitting 4 players against a stonger player (monster) it has good gameplay and is overall just fun untill you include the DLC. There is nothing much to say about the DLC other then it's BS, it rips about 1/3 of the gameplay from Evolve and is way to overpriced, the skins aswell are BS, i counted up all the skin bundles and it turns up at a nasty                       £44-£47 i mean it costs more then the f***ing game itself and is disapointing. I'd recomend this game if you just want a fun 2/3 of the it but if you want the full content (all the hunters, monsters and skins) i'd say it's a waste of money.8/10 gameplay10/10 BS from 2k"
,Not Recommended,273350,14627690,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Dirt Nasty,"After 18 hours in I can say I am thoroughly disappointed. They advertise 800 000 permutations of gameplay, but forget to mention the largest difference between permutations could be what monster you face, and the smallest, the colour of your gun. Advertising variety as a strong point for Evolve is like advertising fine dining for Burger King, it is an insult your intelligence.Evolve also employs the tactic of useless farts and garbage, also known as do x amount of x to get a skin with stripes on it, in place of x put a number that will take your upwards of 9 or 10 hours to achieve.If you want to simulate putting your genitals in a blender, play this landfill of a game. 1/10"
76561197962455713,Recommended,273350,14516658,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,camva,"Everyone who really wants a good team based Experience, needs to get Evolve. First game since Left for Dead 1 and 2 that really hooked me up. The learning curve is fantastic and now that i am into the game for 30+ hours, it still only gets better every day. Dont blindly follow all the hate. The DLC is optional and you get a very good full game for your money. I love the way the DLC is made except the prices. It is very good that the community isnt split into pieces, because everybody can play later the new maps. You can even play with the new hunters in a game or against new monster.It is the first game that made me want to write a review at all in steam. :pIf you dont need a brainless shooter and are up to adjust yourself for every role you take and every monster you go against - get Evolve!"
,Recommended,273350,14538951,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Heinzz,"Game is phenomal, I've had more fun playing this with friends than anything else in years.   People crying about DLC, DLC is optional and aside from the Season Pass theyre just skins.  Stop crying, What the season pass means is that this game is going to have continued support and more content already planned.   Most games are releasing in Alpha half finished, or they release never to have anything additional added at any point."
,Recommended,273350,14534041,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,vandervillain,"The game is great--I'm loving it. The strategy/guile is certainly there, the characters are well balanced, pretty addicting.I understand why people are upset with the pricing model past the initial purchase, but I'm rating the $59.99 game here, and it has all I need to be very happy with spending 60."
,Not Recommended,273350,14600867,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,speciosusnex,"In my opinion this game has nothing that keeps me wanting to play it. It was fun for the first couple hours. After that, it was ""Ive done that...and this...and that!"""
,Not Recommended,273350,14630811,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Markovian Parallax Denigrate,"The DLC is one thing however it's just a boring game. Everyone plays wraith which is very OP so when you do manage to get into a fight after about 10 mins of running around you're pretty much dead. Not to mention the 80 FoV lock along with massive frame drops. It's just a very bad game, don't even get it on sale."
76561198006828942,Not Recommended,273350,14611971,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,MrGrumpyGils,"One of the most disapointing games I've played in a long time. Repetitive and dull with the majority of the content pay-walled. The game doent even give you the option to play the monster, you have to prioritise the class you want to play. I dont know why the game doesn't have the option to either hunt or be hunted. Don't waste yoru money. It should be free to play."
76561197962245375,Recommended,273350,14516066,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,caffn8d,"The learning curve on the game is a bit steep, but after just a few hours I'm already thinking about strategies and ability/team compositions to be more effective. Having what amounts to a big, player controlled boss fight is just a ton of fun. Looking forward to getting good enough as a monster to eventually give the other players a challenge!Cool concept, good execution, and fun characters make for a solid game."
,Not Recommended,273350,15395514,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,P U N K,"Wait until it gets cheaper, it's really REALLY not worth 60 dollars. Thirty dollars at ABSOLUTE MOST!I have been playing on my console because the thing lags my pc (And I'm running a Geforce 980). It's very repetative, has one game mode and is very arcady and not fun after a while. One inexperianced player on either side can wipe the game. I'm very disappointed and honestly will not be purchasing anything else of this game until they show me a reason why I should invest more money into it. Not to mention the way they're money-grubbing things from the player. Not the experiance I saw on the cover, nor the game I wanted. I never expected it to try and pump this much money out of people."
76561197988975623,Recommended,273350,15885961,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Rustyshots,Bloody awesome...enough said!
,Not Recommended,273350,15915132,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,TBN | JEAH0000,SEARCHING FOR GAME SIMULATOR. STILL WAITING
,Recommended,273350,15298235,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Ceral107,"A game that requires you to think and adapt (monster) / to work as a team (hunters)This is one of those games that pays off when you invest some time in it.I have to admit that it became a little bit boring at first when I could play it outside of the Alpha or Beta, while I was blindly running around the map, only keeping an eye open for the monster. However, this is not how it was meant to be played. If you start reading the well elaborated creatures and beautiful areas it becomes a lot of fun, trying not to run around but to think forward and trying to slip into the shoes of the one playing the monster. Yet this is what many people are not doing. It becomes even more fun when you actually talk to your fellow hunters and work on a solid plan instead of just mindlessly fighting it. If everyone works on his her own, the monster is clearly in advantage. This is not, however, a fault of the game but of the players if there's no communication between them. That's why I almost only play together with other friends, which is kinda sad, but like I said not the fault of the game.Many people also complain about the fact that when you play together with a friend that you can't play as a monster. Yet again, excluding the monster in that case was the only logical option to prevent friends supporting each other in getting achievements and leveling up, thereby ruining the game for the others.For those who feel ripped off by the price: It is quite a high price for this game, I admit that, and that DLC stuff is something I dislike,butit has the exact content it promised, all DLCs announced in advance. You knew what you were getting for it, and yet you still bought it. Everyone has to evaluate for him-/herself if the price is worth it or not.The hunters and monsters are well balanced despite what many others say. All you have to do is actually learning how to play them, how to react in different situations, and how to evaluate the situation in relation to your character and the environment (and the other characters in case of the hunters). You can't just learn how to play one of them and then expect to master them all. Some character might just be not your type, and some hunters work better together than others do. But it's a lot of fun in my opinion to find that out, how the different combinations work and how to adapt your playstile. In case of the monster: How to adapt your playstyle in different stages of a game and the hunters. It gets even more thrilling since you have to choose your character before you know what the enemies picks.That doesnotapply for the new monster (Behemoth) and the 4th gen hunters right now (according to my personal experiences). But I'm confident that they will soon patch them up to an equal level as the others.Additionally mentioned: I was experiencing no bugs since the game launched, and the game did not crash. That seems not to apply for everyone, but it works fluently in my case.So, long story short:If you are ready to learn how that planet Shear works, how to read your opponent's mind and how to master the adaption to the millions of situations that this game can offer on those magnificent maps, all combined with rapid action and thrilling fights, then it might be a game for you!"
,Recommended,273350,14456626,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,TribalInstincts,"So far I have not red a negative review of this game that makes sense. Everyone is saying the game is great but the greedy 2k ruined it. I don't agree at all. While I am not a fan of the concept of crazy expensive DLC on launch after paying $60 for a game, it by no means ruins this game. Ignore the DLC. Enjoy the game you paid for. If you think that not having your characters armor look a particular way RUINS the game then you are obviously interested in games for completely different reasons than I am.This game is a thrill. I haven’t played all the roles yet however from what I have seen the game is decently balanced for the first week of a lunch. Both sides(hunter and monster) are a blast to play for different reasons. I don’t see myself ever putting in more than an hour or two into this game at one time however I absolutely see myself coming back to this over and over again over the course of many months. Burnt out on a league session? Evolve. Cant seem to get a positive KD in cs:go? Evolve. This will be my go-to frustration reliever :D"
,Not Recommended,273350,14629375,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,DistraughtPompano,"repetitive, dlc loaded, and lacking in content."
76561198141972629,Recommended,273350,15234799,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,eVanqo,evolve best game 2k15
76561198117809059,Recommended,273350,14667189,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,ANUUUU CHEEKI BREEKI IV DAMKE,It is a great game to play. My only suggestion is to play with another person.
,Not Recommended,273350,14617289,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,StarvingDragon,"Complete lack of 21:9 resolution support made the game entirely unplayable. In windowed mode it just about worked, albeit with stretching and poor framerates. After all that, the gameplay wasn't that great either. Repetative."
,Not Recommended,273350,14617291,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Biomechanoid,"BORING. You run around for 20 minutes waiting for the monster to reach level 3 and then have a show down. That's the game. The Banshee is impossible to catch and it's overpowered. I have no idea how this game is even a thing, It's NOTHING like Left4Dead which has a lot of action and keep your interest through an entire match."
,Recommended,273350,24155034,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Lewis,"This game isn't that bad:PComparing The Division,this game have a better concept but less technic.It is just a game about catching wild animal but in a cruel way.This game is amazing but not worth for 59.99 bucks.Maybe worth 19.99 to 29.99 maybe"
76561197960863289,Not Recommended,273350,14417162,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Elegit,"Once upon a time, I spent 60$ on a game, only to be screwed by penny pinching jerkbags with their jew DLC tactics, there was like 400$ of locked off game content, to the people who PAID 60$ for the FULL GAME, we got absolutely screwed, and now, these slimy dirtwads go and make the game F2P, and the players who originally purchased this game get NOTHING, an absolute scam."
76561198013064054,Not Recommended,273350,25480648,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Chap Chappington,"As someone who played the alpha, beta and old version of this game i've literally seen this game evolve into what it is today.Ironically enough it's de-evolved to the point where it's a one sided♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of the monster♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥individual hunters one at a time at stage 2.But let's go back in time to the old version of Evolve. This was a time where there was an actual structure to the game:Stage 1: disadvantageStage 2: EqualStage 3: AdvantageDue to the monster being weak at stage 1 and still having a good chance of losing at stage 2 to a well co-ordinated team the monster used to hide a ton until either full armor stage 2 or stage 3, this of course made the game exceedingly tedious and boring as the majority of hunters would just be following the tracks instead of attempting to fan out and cut it off. As the developers never bothered to make the wildlife much of a threat (except the Tyrant which was removed in stage 2 for some reason) and no side objectives the hunters generally gave up when faced with a smart monster.Because of this the playerbase dropped within a month and never recovered. It also didnt help that there was a ♥♥♥♥ton of DLC and unbalanced monsters.The devs eventually balanced the monsters until they were generally acceptable within the *cough* community.Then came Evolve stage 2, a free to play watered down version of the already barren Evolve. Got rid of the stealth element completely so now instead of following tracks until the monster evolves, you now follows tracks until the planet scanner recharges and tells you where the monster is, only for them to move location and evolve somewhere else.Since hunters were now much more likely to encounter the monster at stage 1 or 2 the devs decided to buff the monsters to the point where it would survive a ♥♥♥♥ing centaur comet impact while the hunters were nerfed until they sweat blood. This led to monsters camping the hunter's drop location and instantly wiping them all out, so what did the devs do to counter this? Make the hunters invulnerable at initial drop of course! Ignoring the fact that a stage 1 would wipe out a team with full health while together and not ♥♥♥♥ing fixing that.Lets do a run down of the monsters shall we?Golitath: No one picks this monster anymoreMeteor Goliath: Same thing as Goliath but does extra damageKraken: Stun lock and lightning = winSuper Kraken: Fairer version of Kraken, no one picks this oneWraith: Teleports around the map until it maxes supernova and implosion thingyBehemoth: *this monster is currently in maintanance*Gorgon: Spiderman web swings around the map while devouring critters as it lands, only to take off again.They thought it was a good idea to get rid of even more content as the campaign, gamemodes and majority of maps have been removed with no explanation as to why, somehow expecting to keep a playerbase with around 6 maps and one gamemode.In comparison to l4d which is what the devs were known for, in that game if one person was a burden, the other 3 could either carry them or kick them, you cant do either in Evolve as if a single person on your team slackens the entire match is over.Trapper doesnt planet scan? Cant find the monster.Assault doesnt damage monster? Monster kills you with armor leftMedic doesnt heal? Good luck surviving the♥♥♥♥♥♥fest.Support doesnt go hank or cabot? Good luck with life.In conclusion the monster can damage the team all they like, then hide for 5 seconds, ""channel"" all their armor back, incapacitate a hunter and instantly break the dome's timelimit down to a minute.The game caters to monsters players while crippling the hunters to♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197968516286,Not Recommended,273350,14429594,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Hotdogs4Humanity,"These games are starting to rival the cost of the systems they run on, at least... if you want the entire game."
,Not Recommended,273350,15176220,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Moria,After playing Evolve for minute I realised what was wrong with it...this game is a blantant copy of heroes of the storm everyone knows that it will be game of the year of rpg and shootersso my verdict is evolve 1/10 for fail░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▄░░░░░█░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▀▄░░░░█░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░░░▒▒▒░█░░░█░░░░░░▄██▀▄▄░░░░░▄▄▄░░░█░▄▀▒▄▄▄▒░█▀▀▀▀▄▄█░░░██▄▄█░░░█...█░▒█▒▄░▀▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░█░░░▒▒▒▒▒██░▒█░█▀▄▄░░░░░█▀░░░░▀▄░░▄▀▀▄▒█░█░▀▄░█▄░█▀▄▄░▀░▀▀░▄▄▀░░░░░█░░█░░░░██░░▀█▄▄▄█▄▄█▄████░█░░░█░░░░▀▀▄░█░░░█░█▀██████░█░░░░▀▄░░░░░▀▀▄▄▄█▄█▄█▄█▄▀░░█░░░░░░▀▄▄░▒▒▒▒░░░░░░░░░░▒░░░█░░░░░░░░░▀▀▀▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀
76561198052691325,Not Recommended,273350,14685800,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,xbigmaddogx,This game is really bad. can not say anything good
,Not Recommended,273350,14422283,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,neardy_nugget,"I got a beta key, and tried it out, ran decently i had a quick look. the gameplay was fine it was really good looking. but the price tag and ""DLC"" overhaul is what killed it. i say ""dlc"" because you SHOULD GET ALL OF THE GAME. so many possiblites. but you ♥♥♥♥ us up."
76561197998687087,Not Recommended,273350,30184146,Posted: 25 February,all,Ragni Skeletron,"This is the poorest excuse for a game i have ever played, it was fun until i ran into a guy with a 204 winstreak, ♥♥♥♥ this game and ♥♥♥♥ the greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who made it."
,Recommended,273350,14421550,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Rikku,"played it, got good, went to ESL katowice, won some money, retired.10/10"
76561198017608473,Recommended,273350,14517952,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Kheft,"This game is ridiculously fun and beautiful, more so with your friends.  You can queue up with up to 4 people  OR create a custom game if you have 5, which still allows you to unlock and progress normally.  With the different combinations of hunters, monsters, and maps there are many ways a regular game of hunt can play out more so if you are playing Evacuation which adds different effects to the game depending on how the last game turned out.The base $60 game will provide countless hours of fun. The current DLC is COSMETIC ONLY.  Somewhat on the expensive side but really doesn't add much and can be completely ignored.  There are DLC Monsters and Hunters coming out later but all future Maps are FREE.  On top of this no DLC will lock you out of playing with anyone, meaning you can play against that DLC monster you decided not to buy."
,Recommended,273350,14517983,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Fdruid,"You get to play the best action scene in a scifi movie.The thrill of the hunt, the suspense.The monster revealed.The epic, action filled battle. The drama. The glory of victory.All perfectly packed in a game that's 100% gameplay, with lushful graphics and an incredible atmosphere. Great character design and balanced gameplay. A game you cant' be indifferent about, where you're always at the edge of your seat with adrenaline pumping to the max.The most fun multiplayer experience I've had in the last years."
76561197970515370,Not Recommended,273350,24377132,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Broadsword,"Stay away until they can fix rate.Spoiler alert, they never fixed wraith in their first go, and that monster stomps pugs and new players and even seasoned players.I played this game for only a day. Put in a lot of hours as a founder, but ultimately after never beating a wraith quickly realized that eventually everyone's going to play wraith and it will be a wraithfest like it was in the first iterration.I've lost to monsters stage one, but never as consistently as the wraith.It is extremely frustrating to see a developer fail to learn from their mistakes and hide their failures behind a free-to-play model.Wraith brings back all the problems of the original game.- Wraith being picked by everyone a majority of the time- Long drawn out losses because you spend the whole game chasing ghosts because wraith travels too fast.- When you travel too long your team slowly splits apart to try to cover more ground, at this point wraith picks a person off and the game landslides there.- Gameplay variety dies.For a game to so quickly shoot itself in the foot saddens me greatly. Wraith makes the game a reverse situation. Wraith is the hunter and the hunters are little monsters. So stupid.Watch this game slowly become forgotten again as wraith stomps all your playerbase pugs (the lifeblood of your game).This makes me so salty. I wanted this game to be decent, and once again a developer can't balance a game to save their life."
76561198032825747,Recommended,273350,17396268,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,NicoMartok,"Quite a bit of a learning curve on it. Monsters are hard to kill and if the Hunters have a new person on their team or just plain bad at the game then the Hunters will have a hard time playing and winning their matches. I have been looking forward to playing this game and I finally have, and it hasn't disappointed. Just kinda wish more people played, but hopefully the new season and new hunters and new monster will draw the crowd back in over the course of time."
76561198092970827,Not Recommended,273350,17749809,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,World Wildlife Federation,"This game is so dead for SEA players. Last time were still able to find multiplayer matches in about 5~10 minutes, and recently after they changed the matchmaking system, i can't able to play a single fuc.king multiplayer game at all. So to anyone who are reading my review, if you're from SEA, I STRONGLY NOT RECOMMEND YOU FOR BUYING THIS GAME! Unless you like to play solo and never thought of playing the multiplayer mode. Left 4 dead's matchmaking system is much better than this, basically all EVOLVE's devs are ret@rd."
76561198063709432,Not Recommended,273350,16514675,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Falcor The Fuck Dragon,More like devolve
,Not Recommended,273350,17307545,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Blu-J,"Rating: 5/10At its core, this game is fun enough for 40% off base price. Great fun with friends. The characters provided provide enough variety to accomadate different playstyles. But not at full price, especially with all the DLC.Pros:- Free map DLC- Fun core game mechanics- Variety in charactersCons:- Expensive for what you get out of the box- DLC out the wazoo- Single player has barely passable AI- Match finding and set-up can take a while"
76561198042112107,Recommended,273350,17362378,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Deadlyinx,"Updated Review - Fun/Unique, Get on SaleFirst off I'll just say, this is some of the most fun I've ever had on a video game (back when I played it frequently). Great graphics, mechanics are well done, smooth animations (especially for monsters) and immersive environments, skillbased matchmaking, and a story told through the multiplayer battles. Also just epic ideaMonster- As the monster you have an intense adrenhilene filled solo experience. You get to take the unique idea of playing the boss in a boss fight, only it combines elements of stealth and eating to get stronger until you turn from the hunted to the hunter. Each monster also provides a completely different approach/playstyle to master.Hunter- As a hunter you have a collaborative strategic effort and each class gives each person a distict and involved role. Against a skilled monster, this makes teamwork important. If you dont like teamwork, monster will provide a better experience. This teamwork also makes this game even better with coordinated friends.Pricing- Many argue the price of the game is not ideal. Though it was on the annoyingly expensive end, I personally believe the $80 Digital Deluxe was worth the 90+ hours of fun I had. The $60 version would provide basically the same enjoyment, or just wait for a sale.If you think the overly priced DLC costs too much for the amount of new content, dont get it.Problem Solved.If you find yourself as interested in the game as I was, investing in some cool new characters/monsters may be a good choice. But that's up to you.EDIT:The pricing for this game has dropped, the normal edition is only $40 and it goes on sale frequently. More of a reason to buy the game if pricing was previously an issue.Replayability- I bought this game upon release because I had so much fun during the beta. I overplayed it a lot during the first week and dulled it a bit for myself, so now I play it more rarely. I do come back to play newly added content though, including the new free gamemodes and maps in addition to the paid DLC. Though their fun and new, it's unfortunately not enough to really pull back the playerbase and general hype. But, coming back to it on occasion still gives the nerve racking and intense experience I had the first time I played it.NOTE:Having friends to play with greatly increases replayability!!!!ConclusionI found the game worth the price because it is unique and refresing and unlike anything I had ever played. It blew me away when it first came out and I played it for the first time. Therefore, even though I rarely play it now, I will always remember it as one of my favorites and can't help but recommend it (though on sale)."
,Not Recommended,273350,17883381,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Sixence,This game is literally garbage.in the beginning was fun and interesting but like everyone else has said already.... waste of your time and money.Don't Buy this whack job (try to be) money maker.
76561198064001386,Recommended,273350,17882040,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,zpetlic,awesome
,Recommended,273350,15331593,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Nicholai,"Personallly, I love the game overall. The thing I want most, though, is at least some sort of campaign for the characters explaining backgrounds, where the monsters came from, and so forth. The biggest problem I have with it, however, is I have had a good share of very negative gaming community members online so, while the online experience is fun, it is also very annoying when you get that abusive or rude player or the troll or other such nonsense. I don't see why people can't just play and have fun online. Anyways, I'd recommend it overall, probably wait for $45 dollar price at least or when you get extra stuff with it since it does lack a few things other than continuous boss fight type of play."
76561198053427329,Recommended,273350,15345679,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Newb,"I have put roughly 70 hours into this game and it is a lot of fun. I highly recommend it and without further ado here is my analysis:Pros:1.) Unique idea. The asymetrical multiplayer is not used enough. Playing as the monster I feel empowered and like a badass! As a hunter with a team that communicates I feel like a real team player!2.) Balance. The game wasn't always balanced but it is now and I would like to dissuade your fears of that. The Wraith was originally OP but mostly that was because of some oversight with her manueverability.3.) Teamwork/Survival. I love playing as the monster the most because I really enjoy evading the hunters and then laying the smackdown on them. However I also play as the hunters because it is just so much fun. Usually I hat competitive multiplayer because everyone is so angry and hostile if you aren't the best of the best, but here it isn't that way because everyone has to work together or it's everyone's fault not just your's!4.) Diversity. Every character is unique and feels great. Every monster plays differently and every Hunter plays differently.5.) Weekend challenges. Challenges that the community takes on together to unlock skins and whatnot.Cons:1.) DLC. When the new hunters and Monster came out they were not even slightly balanced (Hunters OP, Monster UP). Also all of the skins and what not are way too over priced. There is no reason for that much money having to be shelled out for simple skins.2.) DLC Balance. Whenever new hunters/monsters are thrown into the mix everything gets thrown off tilt. It wasn't even slightly fun to play as any monster when you had the new hunters going against you. You always lost. ALWAYS!3.) Started Game MM. I hate joining a game that is already in session but hey just wait it out you'll get to pick next round.All in all I really enjoy this game and can't wait to see the next monster. I hope it is something that offers a whole new playstyle. I highly recommend this game to everyone and hope you enjoy it yourself.Happy hunting :)"
,Recommended,273350,18254291,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,GoaGrabben,Bla bla bla rage bla bla many DLC bla bla. Bla bla plays anyway... bla
76561198017259542,Not Recommended,273350,23002417,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,De geloofwaardigheid van Hennis,"noe, thies game is not foenny thies game is disasteruus 1/10 woud neever plie again♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198035964558,Not Recommended,273350,31091089,Posted: 11 April,all,chesh05,Paid for the game on release. Devs said it wasn't going to be pay to win and there wouldn't be tons of microtransactions.The game is now free to play. There are tons of microtransactions. I got ripped the ♥♥♥♥ off... and I didn't even pre-order it.♥♥♥♥ the developers for this game. They deserve nothing less than bankruptcy. Don't support them.Please for the love of god support some developers who actually deserve your money.
76561198034229983,Not Recommended,273350,22991256,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Leinwolf,got the season pass....like everyother game not haveing to buy a WHOLE other set. Its just a joke Ya wonder why everyone left.
,Not Recommended,273350,22999620,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Denngar,"I really wish I could recommend this game, as I had fun watching and playing demos. However, as many people have noted, it's now very much dead. I have to play the single player campaign to level up, which is better than nothing, but for the price of the game, I'd suggest avoiding this one, even if a lot of the DLC's been given away for free now."
,Not Recommended,273350,14423144,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Imotep Dragoon,"After playing Evolve for about 3 hours, the experience I have had has been only mildly interesting.*Long story short, don't buy the game.I've tried playing as the monster and a couple of the hunter classes and the game doesn't feel like it really takes into account any level of a players personal ability.My experience of playing the monster (which is undoubtedly the more fun of the two sides) always plays out the same.First you run away, because you are no match for the hunters at rank 1.Second you run away some more, because you are no match for the hunters at rank 2, but this period of time is slightly more annoying by the fact that, whatever lead you gained earlier on from your initial run has evaporated and you are now trapped inside a thunder dome with the hunters.Thirdly you a take stand / bring the fight to them. As the third tier monster you now have some serious clout, but the actual combat with the hunters is lacklustre, as you have to run in and unload as much as you can on one or two individuals, then if managed to take your target down (and I mean actually dead, not incapacitated) then you have a window of opertunity to overwhelm the remaining hunters.If you fail to kill all the hunters in your first assault in tier three you are essentially screwed, as all that health you lost in your engagement isn't coming back, so the next time you face your foe you are considerably weaker, making it even less likely you'll succeed in your second attempt.On to the hunters now.The hunters all feel very bland and individually unimportant (all aside from Maggie who brings a pet who is exceedinly useful in comparison to the others)The hunters are all very slow and unable to run and gun with the monster who is so fast in comparisson that there is only ever 3 situations where there is an engagement.As the monster is eating/evolving (ie. stood still).The monster accidentally ran into you.The monster is coming for your objective.The assault is your generic bullet spam class, just ignore everything else and keep firing at the monster.The Trapper is a useful class, slowing down tracking and well.... trapping the monster.The medic is... well... a medic, and the support is essentially a second source of damage, sure it has other ""useful"" things, but I found that shooting the monster was far more useful than anything else.Another thing I would like to note is that the ""hostile environment"" in which these battles take place is actually very small, confined and not really that hostile.At first I thought to myself that I should try to avoid that huge critter (non monster) that is along this path and try to kill it before continuing the hunt, as the monsters footprints head in that direction, only to see a team mate happily hop over it without any problem what so ever, bringing me to the realization that the only thing even slightly dangerous to us was in fact the monster.The ""arena"" in which all battles take place is a very dark, gloomy and unattractive local. I never found myself pausing for a moment to look at the amazing view, or stunning detail, because I didn't notice any, I only saw black/brown/Dark Green colors and blue footprints...I thought to myself ""Well at least there is Evacuation mode, that sounds interesting"" and in truth it was... for about 10 minutes, which was how long the first battle took, I beat the monster and then realized that it was only going to get harder for them. I would like to say that my first battle against an other player was a close won victory, but it really wasn't and it was going to get even harder for them, as each victory gave the victorious side an advantage and as our first battle was won so easily it stood to reason that with this new advantage the second battle would be even easier.It was.It was so easy in fact that we managed to kill the monster in its first stage, it hadn't even got a full armor bar by the time we locked horns.The first mission had given us a scent masking agent which prevented the monster smelling prey and this had completely thrown off the monster player and he was squashed.Our mission hadn't even been to kill the monster, it had been to rescue civilians, but thanks to Maggies pet, we knew where the monster was and killed it anyway.I almost felt bad for the poor monster player, who must have been getting just a little bit frustrated, but not as frustrated as I was when there was an error after we finished the second mission and I was booted from the game lobby and it was at that point I looked back on the prievious 3 hours and thought to myself....""I do wish I hadn't bought this game."""
,Recommended,273350,15001542,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,aHorny3rdGrader,"This game is fantastic, I've had none of the issues anyone else is complaining about, I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys unique FPS"
76561198211251900,Not Recommended,273350,14452582,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,pixelxx,i cant even play it because of the cryenine error.   a nice 60 dollars waisted
76561198026589385,Recommended,273350,14510762,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Happy,"Yeh.. so.. at first, I fell in love with the game.. and I still think it's a great game with lots of potential.. but ffffffffffck mei.. it got too much these little bugs that in long run really anoys one..(cursor seeing while aiming and disappearing in the menu etc.)overally I got really positive feeling about the game but I really hope to see patches soon.. :/oh, and I dont know if I just suck with the monster, and I know that I do, but I have lost like 9 games out of 10 with it.. so it might be bit unbalanced too.. or I just might suck.. that's probably it.."
76561198041385164,Recommended,273350,14510908,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Wisker Biscuit,"Turtle Rock needs to understand what the diffrence between what a skin and a texture is and realize that most games come with their own set of texture packs free I would understand paying for a new skin how ever a new texture that is just the company being lazy and greedy. I'd enjoy paying for a new skin because that takes a significent amout of work, however 4.50$ for a texture many 12 year olds make their own in other games... free. I hope to see them produce real content outside just textures and hope to see them do even more balancing eg. the Wraith. I really do enjoy this game however I have not seen the level of dedication they promised in the begining and hope to change my opinion soon for I really do enjoy this game. Also why do I get the damn Monster all the damn time when it is my last choice and I still cannot hear voice chat throught the game that is another thing that drastically reduces the enjoyablity of this game."
76561197998827342,Recommended,273350,14571430,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Bojingles,Fun times.
,Recommended,273350,14966944,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Dominator,"Okay, so its time that the negative reviews stop being the ""helpful"" reviews. Most of the negative reviews are people complaining that they don't feel like they got their $60 worth or something. Those people should have watched some gameplay footage before they freaking pre-ordered/bough the game. Its as simple as that. Of course its a large game of hide and seek mostly, there there are other game modes. One of my favories is Nest. Again, watch some gameplay before purchasing. If you like what you see, get it, if not, DON""T BUY EVOLVE.Now for the DLC problem that everyone brings up. The DLC does not alter the game significantly. I repeat, the DLC DOES NOT alter the game significantly. The DLC is only skins. Monster skins and wepon skins. The monster skins are basically for the intro screen as they generally do not show up well unless the monster has full armor. The wepon skins do absolutely nothing but change the grungy look of your wepons.Another thing. Evolve is a game that is meant to be played for a few minutes to a few hours. It is not a marathon game. That accounts for the initial number of players being like 30-40k and now only 2-8k a day. Most people do not play every day. It is still incredably easy to get into a skirmish or a campaign.For me, this game is incredably fun. I play it every few days or so. I even have a group where we play together every few days.So, in conclusion, WATCH SOME GAMEPLAY BEFORE BUYING. It is that simple. Have fun."
,Not Recommended,273350,14717027,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Nero Flamedrache,"DO NOT BELIEVE IGN, MACHINIMA, THE ESCAPIST AND METACRITC!!!!!!!The idea, monster vs humans, is solid, its perfect. But not like this. I thought this game would have been so much better. I tried my best liking it, But..I just cant.The game is not even FINISHED, I have not seen so many bugs in one game before, spells wont work, your monster stands still and wont move. Game breaking bugs.Just done evacuation, on day 5. I'm winning, the reactor had like 10% health. And the monster wont move, cant dash, cant use spells. they just stand around me shooting while i cant do anything so i lost. This happens way to much for this to happen.wait for it to be on sale guys, dont buy it now...Never gonna pre-order ANYTHING anymore.Makers of left 4 dead...you should be ashamed to bring this out, in this state.watch the angry jou review. for me, its a 2-5 game. Next gen my♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,273350,14584275,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Rinna,"The game is not only fun by yourself, but more fun when you have people to play with! I highly recommend this game if you love the L4D series at all. Evolve can be super intense, but also frustrating at times too, but at the end of the game, it is always fun for me."
,Recommended,273350,14994680,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Grrawler,"Evolve is a different type of game. You have to work well with your team (as hunters) and be ready to play against a team who works well together (monster). I'll sum everything up for you-Play with friends if you plan on playing hunter. If you havent played with friends you havent played the game. A lot of fun when you can coordinate and really hunt-Try all of your options before passing judgement. Try all of the classes and unlock all of the playable characters. They are all so different, you wont feel like you are playing the same game.-If you have to play the game on low or medium settings, i have bad news for you. I would expect this type of stress on your machine in most of the upcoming games, and if you have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ outdated PC, then youre going to be disappointed..-if you think 60 dollars for a video game is a lot of money, im glad you didnt play when you couldnt play a game for less than 60 dollars... seriously guys. I paid 60 bucks for every one of my nintendo games that were released back in the day..with no DLC.. With no updates.. With no bug fixes... get a job-DLC does nothing for gameplay so far. You dont want to have a fancy new skin for your weapons, then dont buy them.-Cheaters are in every game. Welcome to the internet."
,Recommended,273350,14442210,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,SexyPancake,Omg i have never had so much fun playing a game. Every comment about the price is wrong IM HAVEING A BLAST. As long as you find a crew to play with or if you want to play monster its super easy to play what YOU want. I love this game and it was worth every penny. I dont get why people complain about price Get a job and spend the moeny its 100% worth it. I dropped 100 on it for monster race and i would be happy to add more because its a blast. Useing comunication with people who want to kill the beast with you is the best feeling. Every game i have played ive looked back and said yes if i did this we could have won or lost. The games 50/50  win rate for monster and hunters. Rule one play solo in campain to know how to play all classes. Rule two find people who have mics to comunicate with you and finally use common sense. Thank you for reading and i hope to join you in combat or Hunt your♥♥♥♥♥down.!!!!! BUY!!!! THIS!!!!! GAME!!!!!!!
76561198127317632,Not Recommended,273350,14494058,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Jprizzal,"The game was fun at first, unlocked everything except the last tracker.  But now i cant even attempt it, the game continues to crash and i can never get through a full match.  It was fine when i first got it, but now its not.  Fix the game and maybe i can recommend the game.......When it is on sale, the price arguement has been gone over enough i dont need to re-evaulate it in my review."
,Recommended,273350,14496594,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Larry Fishburne,This game is dope.There is no day 1 DLC.WAKE UP SHEEPLE!
,Not Recommended,273350,19972252,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,gillzandskillz,This game use to be really good. I played it for hours on end with all my friends but it just progressibvely became a grind it get more characters. The dlc is also a POS
76561198061684938,Not Recommended,273350,18220850,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Nexus06,"The game is okay, I personaly don't mind all the cosmetic dlc's but it feels very unbalanced to me. I love playing as the monster it's the whole reason i got the game, but sadly it's too difficult and very stressfull. As the monster you don't get respawned like the hunters so when you die it's game over, usualy it's nearly impossible for me to get past stage one sicne i have to run across the map to eat anything to evolve.The game runs well on my relatively low end machine but I get these strange cases where the game will lag out so bad (These are actualy very rare) I am stuck doing the starting chewing a carcass animation and the hunters just kill me as they spawn in on top of me. I don't know might just be me but I have a hard time enjoying this game, I really want to enjoy it though, Going to thumbs down this game since I can't actualy rate it on steam, the thumbs down is if you justw ant to play the monster, if you want to play a hunter the game is great and very one sided so very relaxing."
,Not Recommended,273350,18223289,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,미래가보여,Too expensive to buy all dlcs. Seasonpass isn't one...? but two? OMG.. What a greed...
,Not Recommended,273350,14429844,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,ccrraazzyyman,"It's a fun game, but I'd wait for a sale.  It doesn't feel worth the $60 tag plus the future stuff of $7.50/character (for 6 character) and $15/monster (2 monsters)."
76561198145622441,Not Recommended,273350,28209580,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Harambe,wasted $90+ to preorder this game and now its free well done.
,Recommended,273350,14570166,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Spray,"Great game, much fun when played with a full party"
,Recommended,273350,14571211,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Cancer Man,This game is dank
,Not Recommended,273350,30053700,Posted: 20 February,all,Bereeco Scasthe,Evolve Stage 3Bring back the players update
76561198111512614,Not Recommended,273350,20018390,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ElektroFCK,Terrible game.The graphic looks decent but everything else is a big disappointment. Even the performance.
,Not Recommended,273350,16110363,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Villiam Von Doom,"I have never regret buying any game more than this one, Although I have not bought many games to begin with.Buy it ONLY during sale, I make a stupid mistake of jumping the hypewagon. F*** the hypewagon.-1/10Oh great, Now it F2P............F@#!"
76561198029099467,Recommended,273350,14524775,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Daedwax,Highly evolved FPS gameplay. Heart pounding running for your life or an intense chase that requires skill and teamwork. I really enjoy this game. Being able to purchase optional DLC at launch isn't a bad thing. Its an option for people who want to spend more money.
76561197970817974,Not Recommended,273350,14549448,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,-CML-TheRedHand,There isn't much content to be had here. It is pretty easy to quickly see everything and max out every class. What is there is fun. The gameplay is all over the place though as you have to depend so much on how good the people you pick up are. Not much fun to play with pubs. Would reccomend that you play with friends if you want to have any fun. Would reccomend if the game were cheaper. Pick this up on a sale a while down the line.
76561198266314419,Not Recommended,273350,19776062,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Illestderp,"This isn't a game. This is you picking out a monster, dieing, or picking out a human team and winning. Nothing more. Total flop. Avoid this game."
,Recommended,273350,24163073,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,what a spook month,WOOOOOO F2P MEANS MORE PEOPLE
76561198119151386,Not Recommended,273350,24183528,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Ms.Potathoe,i bought the game for 25$ and now its for free wtf
,Recommended,273350,14841384,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Q4M,"This is such a fun game, still reminds me of L4D but requires a  lot more teamwork and communication. Start the game you really need to learn how to use your ability effectively, understand your role and positioning correctly as well knowing when to run and when to fight.The human characters are enjoyable with each role they have unique abilities i.e. the medic can heals, the assault does damage, the trapper helps find the monster and support cheers you on as well makes the team go invisible, with each character in the roles unique ability for that character. I do like the witty banter before drop gives depth and background to each playable character.The monsters are really hard to kill at levels 2 to 3 unless you're the wraith 1 level over powered as can be at the start, again each with it's unique ability to help kill the 4 human and the smaller monsters in the map.There are different game mode hunter, rescue, defend and nest. I kind wish they did added the L4D mode of moving to save spot to save spot give a little more depth to the planet were on as they did have a whole world to mess around with.I can't wait to see that the DLC's brings look forward to it."
,Recommended,273350,14560777,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Vent1111,"4v1, where you'll either be kicking yourself for doing the wrong move as a monster, or screaming ""MEDIC!"" like in TF2. Great game though."
,Not Recommended,273350,14428537,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Loomaanaatii,"Probably the biggest waste of 70$ in the history of steam games. The gameplay is somewhat stupid, the solo sucks as the bots are dumber than dumb gets. It runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥on my GTX 980, the list goes on and on.Spend your money somewhere else. This is a giant waste. I wish there was a way to get a refund."
76561198002568917,Not Recommended,273350,14567326,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Padds,"Interesting A-symetrical pvp game, odd design choice to have one side trying to avoid pvp to do pve grinding and level up while the other side tries to catch them. can be fun but often the teams are just terrbily balanced there appears to be no match making whatso ever except going off your level , and as they wiped the level for release you will find a lot of experienced low level players right now. that should fix itself.Cant recommend it , it is good and well made but its severely lacking content , there are 4 modes but 3 are variations of the 1. which i dont like myself.  very niche game worth a look if you love A-symetrical pvp games but i think more people wont like it than will so watch plenty of vids to really get a feel for it before deciding.and its very expensive for the content provided."
,Recommended,273350,14699088,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Lambeard,A solid good game. The balance is well done and the company is continuing to make minor tweaks to improve it. The game is fun no matter which side you end up on. Looks good and plays smoothly. Only nitpick is that you do get the occasional idiot who doesn't know what he's doing but matchmaking is good at avoiding that.
,Not Recommended,273350,17990724,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,☠฿₤₫¢₭₲±Ø$₮☠,No
,Recommended,273350,14475946,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Mental [Unicorn Actual],Great gameplay and good graphics to boot.So much ♥♥♥♥♥ing on the review board about not wanting to pay for optional DLC...The DLC only gives skins; If it was players and weapons I would be annoyed but as it only offers clothing...
76561197994948190,Recommended,273350,14479044,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Dandy,"I suggest you ignore the reviews from people that haven't played the actual game (Aka only alpha and beta).The game is super fun, I can't wait to play the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it every time i get home from work. Other than some minor balancing issues and bugs(that the devs are fixing) I can't really see much wrong with the game. There is plenty of content for $60."
76561197967465613,Recommended,273350,14479017,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Willkey,Great game for co-op play. It's very fun to play with friends and even alone as monster. I would give it 88 out of 100. Once they fix some annoying bugs it will be even better. It's not fun to fly out of the map or crash in the middle of a fight. Also matchmaking needs to be reworked. It works really slow atm it just takes way too long to find a match when playing with 2-4 people. Alone mm does not have the same problem. Overall good game with minor issues.
,Recommended,273350,14549589,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Space_Kittens,most fun i've had in a multiplayer game! Every match plays out diffrent. Playing against skilled opponents is terrifying! I've never had my heart pound so hard playing anything before I played Monster! Amazing experience! Everyone i've played with is cool. Easy to pop into a game play 1 round or many. the AI is a worthy opponent too. Very refreshing! New maps and modes are free and whoever buys dlc characters can play with those who havent! So smart! I'm excited to see them all!!!
,Recommended,273350,14538612,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,iamcubz,Like a grown up version of hide and seek. But the person hiding is a enormous monster that wants to eat you and everything around it =)
,Recommended,273350,14607141,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Gunmaster,"Om, nom, nom. Nom, nom."
76561198086450697,Recommended,273350,14485829,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Cheesiothecat,i has a dissapointed :[ i got it and i was so excited then i saw a black screen when i launched it :[
,Recommended,273350,12761520,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Fairemont,"So, I had the pleasure of pouring fourteen hours into this game in one sitting, because it was a Sunday and there is obviously little else to do when you are the only human being within a fifty mile radius. So... review time.Game was in its Alpha stage, but for an Alpha game, it performed fairly well and met expectations I had put forth. Coming into contact with the Monster as a Hunter is both intense and a little bit frightening at times. Most Monsters were not talented enough to take advantage of many of the awesome features for hiding that they had, but I did manage to hide in a bush as one was coming towards me and jumped him for a sneak attack that freaked him out so bad he almost♥♥♥♥♥♥his pants.'Nuff on that.There's four classes with two variants of each, thus far, the medic, the support, the assault, and the trapper. Each plays a differently role and for the most part, the synergy between classes is rather nice. At the current time, there were two different monsters to choose from: the behomoth and the kraken, of which the kraken was far more OP and probably could use a tad bit of balance.The general flow of gameplay has three stages based upon the Monster's current level of evolution, hence the name of the game. At stage one, the monster typically is disadvantaged, unless they are the Kraken in which case they can still wipe an overconfident team with little trouble. Stage two puts the two forces on relatively even footing and combat could go either way. Stage three generally ends the game in one way or the other unless the Monster had a rough early game, because at this point it is powerful enough to basically steamroll the hunters.At the current time, they are asking 60$ for pre-order, but from the lack of diverse content (during the alpha) Id say that is not quite worth it, especially since there are very few pre-order bonuses that you wont unlock within the first few hours of play. That being said, they are intending to add more monsters and maps and game modes, so by the time it hits full release, it might be worth it.While I recommend the game, I also recommend holding off on it unless you /really/ want it or want to support the Devs, which probably don't need a lot of monetary support, but that's up to you to decide."
,Recommended,273350,14484513,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,cstkl1,Its a enjoyable game when ure bored.Just a few issues with sli/fxaa/txaa/gsync but nothing major.
76561198021260714,Not Recommended,273350,14628529,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,ENDER,DXGI_ERROR_DEVICE_HUNG double you teee eff m8? I bought this game and cant play it please fix and then ill fix my review
,Recommended,273350,14628972,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,mike2k.~,"I'm actually not sure what to say about this game.. Yes it's really fun to play together with your friends and it's really annoying when you play with random people that doesn't do their role properly (Your whole team is screwed).. I think the season pass thing that everyone is whining about is just right that they are trying to milk money out of gamers, but for the other DLC i really think it's okay, specially since it's just a cosmetic that nobody have to give a f*ck about it except you want to look cool or different. As long as the DLC is not a Game-Breaking Stuff that gives a boost to certain side, i think it's okay for them to put..Since i got this game cheap from a price bug i guess i'll recommend it! Enjoyed playing it too even just a few hour.. will play again :D"
76561198128654989,Recommended,273350,24247713,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,☮LORE☮1087☮,"what? so when i pay for it before and now its free to play, i spend my money for nothing?"
,Not Recommended,273350,29695077,Posted: 4 February,all,<''Victor'''>,Great! After i bought this game with 20 bucks n more for dlcs...Its free now! Why the hell? Any refund?
,Recommended,273350,15016524,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Le chef des dieux,i strongly like this game but after a while people can say its a bit repetitive but in the evacuation mode it changes gameplay everytime and also theres different modes aswell so if you can run it and want to do some coop with friends in a whole new game i think you should get it
76561197996866600,Recommended,273350,15015082,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Vasily Zaytsev,This game is lots and lots of fun.
,Recommended,273350,15132258,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,[PHX]KRAZYNATIVE AMERICAN,Best game ever
76561198107193559,Recommended,273350,15016009,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,meltdown,I like the game a lot although it's not for everybody any one who likes plot to a game this is not for you but if your someone who doesn't care to much about plot and just want to play games this is for you definitely
,Recommended,273350,16614825,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,GonadSteadyBlade,"Game is excellent. very well designed. very competitive. the caveot being the game is expensive. the initial expense i would argue is unjustified.  however. the game goes on sale quite regularly. if you can circumvent that aspect the game is 100% worth it. the pay content after that is even worth it. Behemoth is Top Notch. Very Different. Very New. this aspect of the game shows great potential. it is currently my understanding that the company intends to continually work on the game, adding monsters and players as the game develops. id gladly pay for 5th and 6th characters and monsters, the game is totally worth it. the current diversity already has immense replayabillity. any additions whatsoever would be invaluable. however until the 5th monster and extra 2 hunters come out i cannot reccomend anyone buy Monster Race edition without some sort of sale reducing its price."
76561198114221912,Recommended,273350,17932703,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Dean,bought it on sale for 20€. Totally worth the money.
,Not Recommended,273350,20098199,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Bateria,enjoativo de mais
,Not Recommended,273350,22574897,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Corghy,"Guys do not buy this game ever...It has the biggest balance issues around.Developers don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about anything happening in the game and they just destroy the game more and more, even tho its already destroyed, unfair and full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.There are some ways that you can learn how to win, but this is not for any average player, the gameplay is mostly you fighting against a total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, because new META has something, that the developers never thought about, because it seems, that they have never every played this game before and they don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about balancing anything, that is posted to them by hundreds of players, that something is totally wrong...You will meet a lot of trolls, dummies, cowards and blind people, which mostly are also deaf, so enjoy playing with them.The game has some unnecessary systems, that will make your gameplay even more annoying.Game also needs you to have a very good pc, to do something and not be in an disadvantage, because fights are most a chaos for hunters and monster cannot keep up with hunters having low fps.It seems, like developers didn't hit anything well, they always misstepped somewhere, (everywhere) and if you are not an addict this game will not be fun for you after first 10 mins of playing...Overall every advanced Monster player is immortal and you will find yourself crying why is this♥♥♥♥♥♥so unfair..Enjoy this game and those money you just threw out of your window..."
,Not Recommended,273350,22633485,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Big Papa Adam,"Horrible game, very repetitive and little to no customization. A huge letdown. Has great potential but on release it was a push to get as much money in as possible but then after a while of playing the game you realize that it sucks. Level 2 monster will just destroy the opposition, and level 3 is un-killable. There is no point of going to the objective but rather you just go and kill the enemies is the easiest. Small maps with very little variation. 3/10 best for first 2 hours max."
76561198022573796,Not Recommended,273350,23561867,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,[L²] Enzyme,"Extremely repetitive. You have to pay real money just to get access to extra content when the game is already starved for content from the start. i was very hyped for the game, but it turned out to be a major dissapointment and it's to date the most dissapointing game I've ever played and paid for."
,Not Recommended,273350,16217461,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Living Stone,(placeholder)
,Recommended,273350,16263552,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Ares,It's an overall great game 9/10. I would highly recommend this game to others.
76561197976492147,Not Recommended,273350,24724514,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Dangerflux Spookybags,Great fun if you like cheaters and hackers ruining every thing.The game currently has no cheat detection or prevention and no way of directly reporting in game. I literally just had 5 ranked matches in a row ruined by different cheaters.TRS has stated that they are thinking about adding a report system but that it's a lot of work and is a very long way out.Otherwise this is a fantastic game.
76561198081999903,Not Recommended,273350,14694138,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Coec15324,"Even after a ""big Alpha"" and a barley closed beta, this $60 title still has bugs and glitches. It's plagued with overpowered characters that may as well be the only character you play, because if your team doesn't have a Lazarus, you may aswell go die to the slow water mechanics that make being a hunter in water a logistical nightmare. Wraith is stupid even after a beta week filled with games that had nothing but him because he used to be a guarenteed win. Now he is just frusterating to face and drags the game to the point were you run out of time and hunters win by default, which is good, otherwise you would be running after a wraith for an hour without getting any progress.The glitches in the game are stupid. I have had friends get stuck in boxes that are just hanging around for decoration, the dumb arrow wont get off my screen, I used to not be able to use my steam overlay at all for a week. The reason I'm writing this is because i got fed up after waiting 10 minutes hoping a bug would resolve itself, but i ended up needing to restart my computer to get it fixed. The diversity is abismal, every game has Lazarus, Cabot, Griffen or Abe, and any assault who is not named Parrnell, running through a poorly planned civilization, that I am surprised anyone would acctually try to make on a planet so full of death. There are 12 hunters and 3 monsters on release, or rather 7 hunters, because the rest are never played. I thought we were promised another monster and group of hunters by the time the game came out, and instead we got the beta with nerfed wraith, who now is less op. $60. I don't need to talk about the dlc because you can't find a single solitary supporter of that mess.So this is the best foot forward for 2015? Bugs, bellow par balancing, and only 1 mode? No there are no other modes, just hunt. Rescue is the exact same thing every time to the point where it may aswell be an interactive cinematic, the destroy egg mode is passable, but if you have any bots on your team, you can forget doing that mode right, because support damage on stationary targets is absurd, and the evac mode is a glorified shooting gallery with a lazy, poorly concieved cinematic ending. $60. This is a $60 game with 1 mode, 10 characters and I don't care how many maps, they are all alike enough that I only know one has a dumb acid lake, and one is an aviary, and I think I saw a trapped wraith in one map, and another with boxes full of goliaths that I only remeber because my friend got stuck in a box with stationary goliaths on a map once.$60. This game plays like a really pretty free to play. All characters have to be unlocked by using a weapon over and over and over so much so, that many Lazarus can be seen wasting their invisibility and bringing dead animals back to life to level something up. There is no incentive to diversify, because playing a character over and over and over makes them stronger if you do a certain ammount of damage with a weapon, so lots of Griffens will be in a match doing whatever they can to shoot a harpoon at a monster, no matter what, because it will eventually become 2% better. Don't forget the leveling advantages, because the more you level up, the better your buffs you choose at the start become. Want to play with a level 20 friend when you are level 30? Don't do that! Their health regen perk only has one out of 3 stars (p.s. Health regen is recomended it you are on the same team as a Lazarus, so level up quick Quick QUICK! He'll be in all the games).And I wouldn't mind if this was a free to play game, because it feels alot like a free to play game. With no single player campain, and only team based multiplayer that you have to unlock characters by doning objectives in, and only 10 characters, and a dlc store that clearly wants to squeeze as much money from it's community as possible, this feels axactly like a free to play title, and it is $60.The only saving graces are that the game is pretty, balanced very well for a 1v4 game (not balanced between characters of the same class, as there is still no reason to get anyone but Laz for a medic), and it can be fun if you have 3 friends to play it with. But don't you dare pay $240 so your entire group can play this, you will just have to hope that 3 of your friends bought into the hype, or that you can find a streamer to play with (I used to have one, but he stopped playing Evolve on streams).Not worth $60!"
76561198084329057,Not Recommended,273350,14483845,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,cdiver636,2/15/2015:I buy the game install it and I can't play it. I guess it's to awsome to play on my computer.2/21/2015:I still can't play it. I tried all I coulde even reinstalled it and still no good. Same error pops up.
76561198003029625,Recommended,273350,15075230,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Trulk [Bioshmock],"Since patch 1.3, balance is finally good ! Hunts are know tight and enjoyable with teamates.The game still need improvements such as lobby's UI and options.For those who didn't buy the season pass, DLCs are really expensives, thanks 2K (by DLC I mean additionnal monster and hunters... other things are meaningless cosmetic s***). I recomand the basic game  for every one but wait sales for more stuff."
76561198077450108,Recommended,273350,15079065,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Big Mike,"I understand some of the negetivity towards this game, but I love it. Yeah there isn't really a campaign, but the gameplay makes up for it. So far I have had way more positive experiences than negative."
76561198016419141,Recommended,273350,15050022,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,squiggly snek,Its a brillent game idea but it has problems the evacuation campagin makes it so that whoever is the worst team always wins because they get a ton of buffs. much more annoying is that since the latest update evolve will not launch on my computer for no reason.Assuming that not everybody is having this problem I do think this game is well worth buying.
,Recommended,273350,15367724,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Battousai1526,"A pesar de las malas criticas que tiene el juego yo le doy un 2 de 10, por que si me gusta y si me entretiene pero le falta replay value, ya que alargan la rejugabilidad de los personajes metiendo unos desafios algo tediosos, y cuando ya los haces, ya quedo ahi, ademas del level cap en 40 y la poca variedad en skins gratiutos, espero le metan mas al juego en cuanto a variedad, si pueden comprenlo en alguna promo del 80% y no se arrepentiran"
,Not Recommended,273350,14420464,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Barron,12 DLC day 1? Seems like the devs are worried about the game's future sales...
,Not Recommended,273350,14420289,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Frielock,"Pretty disgusted by the shear amount of DLC Day one, on top of the fact that if you pre ordered before the ""Pc Monster race"" package was announced a monster and 2 hunters are locked...How are you going to F*** people who pre ordered like that. If something changes I will change my review to positive, as I had a fun time playing this game, however even if you purchase the 100 ""pc monster race"" full version of the game there still would not be enough content to justify even the paying of the 60.00 base version. All the above said I must admit the graphics of this game are of excellent quality, and the gameplay is definitely fun, but does get stale sooner rather than later. word of warning the season pass isnt a season pass its a hunting season pass which pretty much makes it a day one content pack containing 4 hunters and some monster skins, cleverly worded  to make it seem like the season passes most people are familiar with where it gets you access to future content. 9/10 S*** Business practices."
76561198154255903,Not Recommended,273350,14700734,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,caminofirst1,"i cant believe i spent 35 plus pounds on a game that took forever to install to finally never getpast launch screen...so dissappointed...tried loads...nothing works...in this day and age and money us shmoooss spend,this should not happen...pls dev patch up problem to solve .."
76561198068471374,Recommended,273350,14687401,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Louis,"Once you get over the price, its a really fun game at heart and is a must if you play often with a group of mates."
,Recommended,273350,14652718,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,=ADK= Bromance,"Love it so far. The skirmish mode gets old pretty fast as it is only hunt mode. The fun comes in IMO in the evacuation mode which you play 5 rounds, first is hunt and last is defend the middle three allows the team to vote on a map and game type. You can play PVP with a human monster or coop with AI monster.After the beta I wasn't really sold as I figured the game would get very repetitive fast even with content and maps per say. Still the same thing over and over with out much chance of a difference. But it has been a ton of fun so far and most of the other players playing seem to be good people in general. Not much talking down and bossy orders coming into your headset every two seconds.Well I understand the negative reviews I also feel many of those players have less then 10 hours. You can't really judge the content etc with ten hours of play time. Matter of fact you barely get through all the modes and maps with a few unlocks in 10 hours."
,Recommended,273350,14651349,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,TankinDat,"One of the best games of this generation. It's always fun, be it solo, multiplayer with strangers, or with friends. The graphics are amazingly intense as well as the gameplay. Definitely convince your friends to get this game and play with them. It's always fun to kill them!"
76561198058082880,Not Recommended,273350,14419775,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Fuck you Javier,Well ♥♥♥♥. This game is awesome no doubt. but seriously No i would give more more jus tto get an additonal monster nor will i pay more to get two extra hunters. The fact that i have to pay SGD$100 just get 3 new additions is mind-boggling. If its like tha tthen you can expect this game to lose its hype. No one will pay 100 dollars for 30 mins of fun. Its a ridiculous concept
,Not Recommended,273350,31254590,Posted: 20 April,all,⎛⎝Succubus Yvoone⎠⎞,cannot refund been tricked and now f2p
,Not Recommended,273350,30181164,Posted: 25 February,all,NihilSumOmnia,Paid out the butt then it went free to play smh
76561198097617532,Not Recommended,273350,21403876,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,CodyyKills,"Had potential, got ruined by terrible marketeting strategies and lack of content. Do not buy this game, you will not get the hours out of it. The first few minutes it feels fresh and new, then after two matches you will see the reptetiveness. The concept is great and different, but unfortunately was terribly executed. You will not get the hours out of this game. So I say again, DO NOT BUY."
76561198045534381,Recommended,273350,24372206,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,UnPrisoned,YE
76561198164998413,Not Recommended,273350,30076697,Posted: 21 February,all,DaT BiGsHoT,Gets old and boring
,Not Recommended,273350,17963689,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Gomacide,DONT BUY IT! IT !WILL! CRASH! Waste of money!  I am not lying to you. This game will give you reason telling you that it errored and crash no way to fix it the developer’s haven’t fixed it since release! So mad! ARHG! They had one job!
76561198098802069,Recommended,273350,15081300,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,BiscuitOfPride,Good game!!! DLC is mostly skins which your DONT need. Season pass for hunters is nice if you want to have the ability to play all classes with all ppl but once again you dont need.  over all 9.5/10 only thing i not a fan of is only one skin to unlock in game per class which is elite skin for that person but they seem to be adressing them with comunity chalenges to unlock more.
76561198125944942,Not Recommended,273350,22488760,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,RusFer,"Most stupid and bad game i had ever meet. I am regret to spend money for this. I usually game only when my frend meet me, but always regret to began playing."
76561197987193853,Recommended,273350,22321144,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Pajaga,Great game to buy with some friends.
,Not Recommended,273350,15078271,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Kail,"Honest review from the eyes of someone who just enjoys playing monster.This game started out great, but if you intend to favor playing as the monster... I would not suggest purchasing this.Overall this is how complaints go in the forums:4 Hunters cry ""X"" monster is OP, They get it Nerfed4 Hunters cry ""X"" hunter is Underpowered. They get it Buffed1 Monster cries ""X"" hunter is OP. You get ignored/flamed by the hunters1 Monster cries ""X"" is Underpowered. You get ignored/flamed by the hunters.From my perspective, the game is going downhill by the developers focusing on keeping the 4 hunters happy while ignoring the people who prefer to play as the monster.With the incoming new monster and hunters, in addition to all the features in the game currently; the game isnt about finding and killing a monster, its about hunting the monster to extinction whereas it will ALWAYS be an AI controlled monster for easy games.I love the game, its just with so much focus on monster nerfs and hunter buffs (w/ very minor tweaks). The game is not what I wanted. As a hunter, I want a challenge.. not just ""Spam x skill = win""Will change review depending on how they try to ""fix"" their title."
,Not Recommended,273350,17697115,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Naneki,"Fun, got bored after 1 month."
,Not Recommended,273350,17890657,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Grio,"Catered too much to be multiplatform.Games like lack potential due to the fact they are built to operate on the PC, Xbox, and PS. The game is good for like 24 hours of play than you lack content. Games try to maximize profit by being multiplatform and limits the game.balancing is a joke. When it was just the first monster and first hunters it didn't have an issue.Game could be intresting wiht more players in a match and so on but that is limited by consoles witch can only support 5-16 players without a dedicated server.Overall game vaule I would say is 5 USD but 10 USD would be the max I would pay. Still I wouldn't recommend it due to the fact for all the DLC you have to buy where you hardly game a game."
,Not Recommended,273350,16503534,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Most Valuable Faggot,I never asked for this
,Not Recommended,273350,17110755,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,z-impi,i played half an hour and ecidet it is not what i was looking for. Fun faktor 3 of 10.
76561198047548081,Not Recommended,273350,17115323,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Talon,I want my money back
,Not Recommended,273350,15318055,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,look@that,"Game is fairly shallow in terms of content. ""Chase the monster"" gets boring quickly."
,Recommended,273350,15082370,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Mister Fister,"Absolutley fantastic. I cannot stop playing this breath taking game. The graphics are great, and the gameplay never gets old. Probobly the best video game i have ever played. The gameplay is a thrilling gameplay of 4 hunters to working together, and the 2 story 1 man army-monster. This is probobly the games that i want to see in different games, like mayB even an underwater version, but those are just suggestions. The game only has 1 problom in it, not enough playable people, such as more monsters, or playable as (sounds crazy. but...) Daisy, the tracker's pet on the team. Anything other than that, this game is pretty much perfect and i suggest more updates! :)"
76561198129209855,Recommended,273350,15082864,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,GAMERDUDE1120,the game is good its fun to play with freinds i like evreything about it just the only thing i dont like is how much the dlc cost other than that its a great game :)
76561197970328222,Not Recommended,273350,14429320,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,dracula_sux,"Really wanted to love this game considering I spent 100$ on it. But I have never enjoyed running in circles for fifteen minutes for one fight, also none of the wildlife poses any sort of threat besides the thing that looks like a boulder. Also don't think there is anything they can do to fix it. Awesome premise, just not very fun sadly."
76561198120921858,Recommended,273350,24164701,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Foxy of Loxly,I quit playing the game for two reasons.1) There werent enough players. F2P should hopefully fix that.2) I have exactly 69 hours in. I would regret ruining that. Kek.
,Not Recommended,273350,30154376,Posted: 24 February,all,Clockwork,Get ready to get done in the chute by poor company management. My advice steer clear of Turtle Rock.
76561197996804617,Not Recommended,273350,18971425,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Sphincter Soldier,its♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,273350,17119833,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Taikapoika,"With good group of players, this game rocks."
76561198092347592,Not Recommended,273350,16561783,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,UNKNOWN_KINGHD,Waste of good money. I'd rather play GTA than this.
,Not Recommended,273350,18129130,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Gandalf the Gay,The game is very good. But it can't take 20 mins to find players to play with.
76561198037026382,Not Recommended,273350,17498568,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Psychoemt,meh
76561197990784847,Recommended,273350,18592170,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Frosttoys,"I loved the game but there hasnt been an update to it in forever and the community is starting to leave so the game is dying, if more people play or you have a party then absoulutly buy the game, or if you dont mind waiting for a match for more than 30 seconds then buy the game because it is amazing to play, Smooth gameplay, Amazing for hours (i played 90 hours in a week if that says anything), and it has massive replay potential.If the creators would update with new hunters and monsters the community would probably come back, or if they introduced a new game mode (I think a 3 v 12 would be chaotic and amazing with a large enough map or several conjoined maps with a main objective in a central map for the monsters would be great)All in all, the game itself is probably a 9/10 for me from playing it, but its sadly dying."
,Recommended,273350,16510182,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Cpt Monkey Fist,"I see a lot of people saying a lot of the same things and giving the game a bad review, which I believe is a bit unfair.The Bad:""It has many bugs, some of which are really noticeable;"" this is true, but they aren't so bad that the game deserves a bad review. ""Matchmaking is imbalanced"", I don't think this is consistently true but when it is true, it is likely that it is less due to a poor matchmaking system and more due to the fact that the player community is small. ""The DLC pricing is too high"" I agree on this one, Turtle Rock made a bad judgement call on quality vs price. They clearly put a log of work into their custom models, animations, voice acting, etc. but if it means charging the prices they charge for the DLC then it is not worth it, BUT... and this is a big one, YOU DON'T HAVE TO BUY DLC FOR THE GAME TO BE FUN. Tell 2k and turtle Rock that the price for DLC is too high by not paying it and eventually the price will come down... We may lose custom voice work in future DLC as a result, but it is a small price to pay for getting new content at a reasonable price in my opinion. The last point that most reviews agree on and, incidentally, the most important is that...The Good:THE CORE GAMEPLAY IS VERY FUN. This is true despite all of the bad points above. This is something that most games fail to achieve. Most games are content to take something that exists today, slap a new coat of paint on it, and expect you to pay the same price as the last time they released the game. The sad part is that most people do and love said companies for it. It is shameful that a game like this has less than 70% positive reviews and yet the newest Call of Duty gets great reviews for adding a few new skins/guns/maps to the same old multiplayer modes. Turtle Rock took a huge chance on making something completely new with the same aesthetics as other AAA games and made something great, but they suffer from bad reviews because some of the minor chances* they took went awry (*when compared to the chance of creating the new, awesome, core gameplay).Every gamer should buy this game and give them a chance to fix some of the mistakes they made along the way."
76561198137773847,Recommended,273350,17167879,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Riny Tick,fun
76561198096471065,Not Recommended,273350,18592221,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Scootin_Bewtz,For a game that uses matchmaking the matchmaking is♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197966532387,Recommended,273350,17884206,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,MisthaJones,"Sweet game play, awsome action... super intense fights. Love this game!Cash shop kinda sucks but with specials its well worth it"
,Not Recommended,273350,17885992,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Cirell,Not sure why Single-player is a tag because it isn't
,Not Recommended,273350,15087545,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,FluffyAmyNL,bought it never played again
76561198092560362,Not Recommended,273350,20496186,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,3t9659,"Use to be in the Top 5k player in the world in this game. Stoped playing for a while came back to enjoy the game again, found out that the developers destroyed the game."
,Not Recommended,273350,19301342,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,BILLY MAYS: YOUR OXICLEAN DEALER,Pros:-Awesome concept-Awesome graphicsCons:-DLC-DLC-DLC-DLC-DLC-This game is a rip off in whole-The DLC is crazy-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------It had so much potential but was ruined by so much DLCIdeas to fix this:-NO DLC-Custom monster/hunter things (Ex: Spore to where you can make your creature look howerver it wanted)-Adjustable weapon loadoutsEdit: Now it is free? Great way to take money and run. Just showig us how bad this game really is.
,Recommended,273350,18949083,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Frank Pierre,pretty good game if you like spending money
,Recommended,273350,14628530,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Aibek1,"Everyone ♥♥♥♥♥es about the DLC, its just ♥♥♥♥ing skins currently (which are pointless). Gameplay is amazing, if youre a fan of l4d2 / l4d this is a must buy."
,Recommended,273350,14627927,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,GraveHag,"Absolutely!Amazing!Epic game. I never played anything like that before.The idea when four players hunting one of threes monsters is absolutely epic. This is not been yet before!I read many of reviews about this game and most of people wrote Monster as powerfull then hunters. Hunters is out of chance against monster...So... this is bullsh**. Co-op with players is very important. Looking at DayZ - this is surrvival game, you can't do mistakes and Evolve is same. If you do mistakes.. you never can win. Powers is an equitable.So tell me pls, why I lost many match as monster when I tried so much like before?I just got bad luck. When I played against Lazarus I had very problems. Allways.So I must say.... this game is playable and surely worth...."
,Recommended,273350,15220045,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Swampie,great fun now they have added the new hunters and monster
76561197962356138,Recommended,273350,15349320,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Hobocookies,"Pros:- Difficult and challenging.- Great teamwork-centric game for hunters, and circumstantial tactics (or whatever) for monster.- Looks beautiful, and has a very immersive environment.- Very very satisfying.Cons:- You have to pay for extra characters, which are vital to a perfectly balanced team. (Huge $$$ for dlc)- There are so many bugs, glitches, crashes, server-wide disconnects, etc, you might cry.- Very very small player base (currently).- ""Casual Players' will probably not enjoy due to elitism and difficult learning curve."
76561198111881515,Not Recommended,273350,22579961,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,RUMHAM,"Keep your money. No amount will sate their greed.@&*EDIT*&@It's f2p now, and the compensation was♥♥♥♥♥♥....welcome aboard f2p toxicity...."
76561197971196372,Not Recommended,273350,14428261,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Alderik,"The game is really great is a pearl of game design, and very well presented, a lot of people argue about the dlc stuff and that subject is a half true, by the way, after buying the monster pack (80 euros) is very annoyng the fact that inside the game there is a shop where you can buy also cosmetic, if the dlc thing can be bearable, because making new character and monster is expensive and require a lot of work, adding the shop for cosmetic seems to me a way do milk more the custumer and that is a bit disrespectful, and it also change my prospective about the marketing politics.For these reason i'm very sad to put a negative commnet on this beautifoul game, and i have to apolige to the gamers community for my mistake of buying it supporting the 2k greediness."
76561198117486314,Recommended,273350,14524712,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Komrade Igor Dyatlov (KGB),its pretty great in my opinion not worth 100$ but its worth 70$ or so ive played it enough to love it
76561198169535677,Not Recommended,273350,30763208,Posted: 26 March,all,blindpaw,"POS nuf said. but, if you would like a review keep reading. i played this game when it first came out  i'm a founding member and took that slap in the face and turned the other cheek by the way i dont mind pay for a season pass but give me my moneys worth dammit. the maps are horrible its scaling levels are horrible. If that was not enough they gave vets unrealitic perks like thkos for monster vets. the best thing it had for it where maps, as soon a they found out they went nop and changed that for players, the map perk where removed. Honesty, they ruin anything that was redeemable about this game. they nerf sneaking to the point that you get found out for moving, plus no sneak attack anymore. they gave trappers a sniper ranged wepons and every other monster and hunter is basically a reskin with a bit more power . they cater to players whom complain no matter what they say. turtle rock how bout you pay for beta players that know what they are doing how that for a suggestion!"
,Not Recommended,273350,29765428,Posted: 7 February,all,Nuub,worst game i have played
76561197988456609,Not Recommended,273350,28100161,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,GreySoul,I bought this for 99 dollars and now the servers don't work...thanks 2k how about giving the code out so moders can make the game run on player run servers...
,Not Recommended,273350,22497926,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Reiddonith,"Gets VERY boring after about only 20 hours of gameplay, and lets not forget about the horrible DLC...EDIT: GG I spent $60 on this game and its new characters just for it to go F2P a year later. What a joke."
,Not Recommended,273350,15132240,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Rokolith,"I was really really excited for this one. It doesn't deliver. Cool concept, terribly overpriced, slim on content. Wait until it is under 30 or a gold edition."
76561198060422006,Not Recommended,273350,20721311,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Jase Mercer,"I cannot in good faith recommend this game. I enjoyed it for the time I did play it, but as my hours built up, I started to see more and more how there was less and less than I originally thought. I can break it down by simply saying that the most fun you'll ever have in this game is playing the monster, because no one wants to be the hunter. Anyone who does clearly has more patience than the majority of players because there's more work than play going into it when your opponent has mastered the stealth and ambush mechanics of the overpowered monsters.Being the monster is fun because there is legitimate tension when running away from the hunters who are chasing after your♥♥♥♥♥ and it's quite satisfying to watch them completely overlook you and derp around the rest of the map so blindly while you're building your strength to the point you'll completely butt♥♥♥♥ them no matter their tactics or arsenal. Very few times I've played that I was ever beaten once I reached my final stage.This sadly undermines the playthrough of the hunter where if your opponent has their PhD in trolling, you're going to be running around like a total idiot until it's far too late. They'll be clipping through some shrubbery while you're running off past them until they either leave or pounce you because you were Dopey on your team of dwarfs. The only way you'll even survive a session is if your team is truly in-sync with each other, and let's face it, unless you're with friends, the gaming community will always try and go at it themselves. We're too ♥♥♥♥ing independent to start working cooperatively like a real team, and most game sessions will suffer because of this.As for the game in general? Too little of too much. Despite what ""game modes"" they jerk off about, 2K have essentially made a true-to-fashion cat and mouse game, and that's all Evolve is. You're chasing one player until they grind enough EXP to min-max their best moves and suddenly the roles are reversed. This is good fun for a few hours of gameplay, but eventually you will get tired of the same thing over and over no matter which side of the match you're playing. You WILL get bored of this eventually.Lastly, ♥♥♥♥ the DLC. You're basically paying these guys more money for ♥♥♥♥ing skins and characters that do jack♥♥♥♥♥♥to the gameplay. ♥♥♥♥ the DLC.TL;DR: No."
76561198129750222,Not Recommended,273350,24024308,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,LuisJe,"When it first came out I was thrilled to play the game, but as time massed, fewer people kept playing.I believe that one of the main reasons are the ldc's. You are already playing 30 or so bucks for a good game, but why add extra content, with op hunters and monsters? It takes away from the whole experience with these dlc content adding up to more than 100$. While this game had a great concept, the developers havent been able to listen to their fans and relise patchs to fix  buggs. What I dislike the most about the game is not being able to play with my friends, since you can only be a group of 4 huntes max. You cant play as the mosster in a premade group."
,Not Recommended,273350,15029291,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Biggu Bambu,They should add Monster vs Monster // 12 hunters vs 4 MonstersNeed more mode
76561198248099130,Recommended,273350,17892522,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,1mAR0bot,"This game is underrated, it deserves so much more player."
,Recommended,273350,18033603,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,red-nyan,"Evolve, the 4v1 game we all waited for. The game was hyped through the proverbial roof, and for good reason: Evolve was going to revolutionize the way we looked at gaming, with other AAA games to follow in it's footsteps, such as Fable: Legends. When the game was finally released it was met with far less friendly reviews than the praise it gained prior. Filled with bugs and glitches, Evolve quickly lost the spotlight... That was then however, now Evolve has been updated and is an incredible hunter/monster experience, unfortunately the reviews for the game hold it back, with a mixed review status.While most people no longer play evolve there is still a number of devoted players, and those players are loving the game. Evolve mixes all the elements of a great shooter with that of a Alien Cabela's game. You track, trap, and hunt to win, while also fearing for your life; as the tables could turn at any moment, and you could be the hunted. The game is fast-paced and filled with action, if you like FPS games than this is for you, if you like hunting than this is for you, and if you like mass-genocide... This is the game for you. I promise, this game has gotten a whole lot better since it first released. Give it a second chance!"
,Recommended,273350,18413205,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Relzyrx,"I don't like the waiting for games aspect, so I'd suggest more free weekends and sales for promotion. You guys are overdoing a bit with the DLC, and you shouldn't tease new content so far in advance. Three months tops, much after that the hype for it is worn down by the time it shows up. I'd suggest when the new monster comes out, adding Behemoth to the regular game with Goliath, Kraken, and Wraith, and making your new monster the DLC. The process should be repeated for each new monster. Main game gets the old, the fresh, new, and shiny gets paid for separately while you all work on the next. I recommend the same for hunters.The DLC naming is part of it's lack of popularity. Yes it's game related and sounds cool, but my first thought was that I pay this much, and I get access to special stuff for the length of the ""Hunting Season"", or worse, I only get to play for that long after buying the game. When I found out each was just a bundle of four new hunters, a bunch of skin packs, and one of them included a monster, I kinda shrugged it off. Calling things what they are will avoid confusion and misconception.As for gameplay, I love it. I changed my TF2 oriented Steam name back to it's original over it. The combat's fun, but the strategy and mindgames, the thrill of the hunt and the chase, whether you're monster or hunter, really make up the meat and potatos of this game. It's not something you can go into and expect a common firefight like most FPS games. You're four players, each with one role to play and you have to make a plan on how you're going to play that role successfully, without getting killed. On the other hand, you're the monster and your one job is to outwit, outplan, and outfight all four hunters. Successfully hiding and watching all four hunters step on my tail as they run past without seeing me, straight to the other side of the map? Priceless moments like these make up the best fun I've had in my bored life for a while.I recommend this game, and have been telling my gamer friends."
,Not Recommended,273350,18008500,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Ultimate Sabotage,"This game is unplayable.My initial thoughts about this game were good. At first there was hardly any wait and when you actually get to play, the game is a lot of fun! But that's typically not the case. There is almost never enough players on to even start a game aparently. Most of the time I'll log in and sit there for 20 - 30 minutes before the game finally starts and to me thats just not worth it..Graphics Are great. Gameplay is great and balanced (except for wraith). The game itself is awesome. Not very many complaints the problem lies in the servers and server organization. It's ridiculous to spend more time waiting then playing. Get it fixed(Update:) Well after waiting forever and finally getting a game and getting pretty damn close to killling the monster, the server has gone down! Oh! And God forbid my team get the win even though the monster had barely any life left! That's the thrid time this week in similar circumstances I highly recommend against purchasing this game! I have spent alot of time and money playing this game, and I think I am about done!!! The game is just unplayable!"
76561197970944016,Not Recommended,273350,20192631,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,GenCab,"1.Greedy game.You buy the game, pay for season passes, then there is additional DLC that is overpriced and unbalanced.2. Small gameplay on PC. Simply not many people playing this game in the lower level. Good luck starting out."
76561198199885002,Recommended,273350,20391450,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,sooosa1995,"whats the problem with the bad reviews?i played this game on old pc and it worked well and until now i play it with my friends.. now i got my new pc.. work more better.. i love this game!!! its fun playing a monster! run, hide, eat, lvlup, get bigger, attack the hunters!its really fun game! atleast give it a try before you die :P do you want to die without having this expierment?? xD10/10"
,Not Recommended,273350,22002865,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,RETARDED FAGGOT,"Naah, in 30 mins of gameplay i realised only the cinematics are good.The graphics are okay but the gameplay is honestly weak.. im glad a refund request is available now.."
76561197993548244,Not Recommended,273350,21390765,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Kadiev,I am not kidding when I say every mechcanic and how this game is played is a non-fun horrible way to enjoy your free time. Evolve = cancer.
76561198052582362,Not Recommended,273350,24234791,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Smartboy123,"So this will be the first time I write a review for a game. And O boy...I picked a good game to review.So I originally picked up Evolve as a pre-order when it was first released to the public. I also jumped on the Beta and played that for hours upon hours. And I loved it. The thrill of the Cat and Mouse aspect of it and when you found the monster the fights that began were intense. Then...the honeymoon phase ended.As Evolve went on it just showed it's true colors. I enjoyed the Evac game mode but with little to no story to the game that was pointless. The characters were so unique and interesting yet they were never developed further. It came down to just repeating Hunts. And that got old becuase the many, may patches. I played the Wraith who was an excellent monster. Then with so many nerfs to the Wraith and all these powerful hunters coming in to face the Behemoth Wraith was no longer used. The only monster htat became possibily playable was the Kraken for its ability to fly. And all the DLC. Pre-order meant nothing for DLC. Still had to dish out cash and I was one of the sorry many who did.Now this. I watched the videos of it. I'm so tried of Evolve that I don't even want to attempt this. Seeing the Trapper no longer has Dome and every hunter can...The Trapper lost its unit abilities it brought to the team. Support's have shield boosts and no cloak? How do we ambush the monster then? Ambushing was the one way I found that made taking a Stage 3 down. And this shield boosting just giving too many shields. The support+assualt combos gave plenty of damage absorbation if players used it in sync. just making F2P, removing almost all the features, and throwing out to the public won't help in the long run.Evolve is a dead game. A great concept but dead. Let it stay that way and move on. Learn from your mistake Turtle Rock."
76561198301279272,Recommended,273350,29777180,Posted: 8 February,all,GlobSquad,"This game is beyond amazing, the whole concept is super fun and full of thrill. I stand behind this game 100% i surely hope i get a sequel ;D"
76561198209958664,Recommended,273350,14549223,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,ALLUM,"Fun game!That said $60 felt like alot for what we get, but at the same time the developers got to eat also I guess.I would have made it where you can customize outfits and colors of armor.Also, Id like to see the option to change weapons with others in the same class. I cant see why that wouldnt help the game.Overall I enjoy the game, but wish the developers give the gamers something more, maybe some more quotes before game starts are even more story items to tie character backgrounds. Dont just run it like Destiny or Titanfall, but make us think we are truly saving humanity.Sounds like I have alot of issues with the game, but really Im just a critic :Dgg"
,Recommended,273350,14657897,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Shaddy,"One of the best coop experiences you will ever get,  with a new genre and concept that will keep you entertained and challenged for hundreds of hours, with lots of variety and dynamic scenarios."
,Not Recommended,273350,25767698,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,DotarSodzat,Want my money back !!!!!!!!!! Now I want my money back !!!!! Where is my money ??? Want my money back now !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198013634790,Recommended,273350,14478719,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Hive tyrant JC,"I have played this game a lot and I can tell you that the game is well worth the money. The evacuation mode is fun as hell to play due to the changes it can bring in each match. Sure people complain how the DLC cost a lot, but no one is forcing you to buy them. Even without any DLC you can play this game for hours and still not get bored. Of course you might sometimes be in a team of beginners or people with no coordination, however, there are still more than enough coordinated teams out there to give you a challenge. I think it is a great game and although people say the DLC is too expensive I personally think they are worth their money."
76561198046433230,Not Recommended,273350,14424730,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Boonie,"So im not one for bad game reveiws but im not sure on this game. I remeber hearing about it on all the frankieonpc and jacks channels long before its release, saying how much fun they had in the game. Even a day before its release the reviews where 9/10! I rate this a 5/10, worth half what I bought it. I hate to sound extreme but there is a lot more that I could do with £45!Here is why,Ill start off with the good as everyone does:-Large and interesting maps make it fun to transverse and make it more fun being the monster and sneaking round.-The movement feels smooth and balanced.-Most of the game feels balanced over all with no class at a huge advantage over the rest.The bad;-Despite the 'replayability' it feels vastly the same thoughout.-When in intense fire fights i feel blinded by too much information and gunfire and its hard to find the space to step back and asses what is happening. Its like being shoved into a blindfolded mosh pit.-THE PRICE! It was so much for what I felt I got and I thought I had seen it all after just 2 hours of game play.The price was a big let down for my freinds who were also interested. Buying it in confidence I realised they had not purchased the game and I feel that a huge element of fun comes from the co-oridination of your freinds to come up with tactics. This I have missed out on majoritively down to the pricing of the game and it will most likely become a side line game I play when all else feels exhausted.I know this review has sounded a little exaggerated and dramatised but it reflects my sadness as to how the game was not up to what I expected and I feel cheated by 2K which have stood in my mind as a proud, quality developer."
76561198047878094,Not Recommended,273350,14425751,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,SadistFactory,"I had a lot of fun in the stress test weekends before the game was actually released, but this... is far too expensive for that gave, even with the solo missions added in. Sorry guys. :/ You made a fun game, but it isn't worth this price, or the price of the DLC."
,Recommended,273350,17886190,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Mojave,"Horrible DLC model aside, the game is pretty good. Matchmaking is good. The in-game comms are decent. The randoms I have met so far have been pretty cool. Everyone seems to play as a team (hunters side) because the progression feels right. You rewarded for playing your role in the group, not for being a lone wolf."
76561197991010681,Recommended,273350,14476539,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Zeorymer,"I know there's been some 'controversy' regarding how the pre-purpose and advertisement for the game has been handled, but that is not what this is about, putting that aside, this will be a review of the game itself, not it's marketing.The planet of Shear is underseige, as ""Monsters"" run amok on the world. 12 of the Galaxy's best ""Hunters"" are hired to help hunt down these creatures, and evacuate the colonists. Will the Hunters remain the Hunters, or become the Hunted? Welcome to Shear, happy hunting.Evolve allows the player to have a game of 'cat and mouse', but spun on it's head, with 12 playable hunters, against 1 playable monster. The result creates a very interesting dynamic to the game; team work vs cunning, firepower vs brawn. With 1 Assault, 1 Medic, 1 Support, and 1 Trapper, work together to kill the Monster. The Monster, must first hide from the hunters, eat to 'Evolve"", and become strong enough to kill the Hunters.The bread and butter game comes with Currently;12 Hunters3 Monsters16 Maps5 Modes of playSingle player and MultiplayerTurtlerock Studios (who created Left 4 Dead I believe), have stated they wanted to do this before L4D, and they've put effort into working to balance this game out. It's not perfect, there could be some balancing and bug fixing in the future, but all in all, it's a solid game. I could write a HUGE review, but I'll try to some it up with pros and cons.Pros;+ Single and multiplayer support+ Fun gameplay, unique feel+ Multiple modes of play, keeping it fresh+ Gameplay can be fast and frenzied, tense, or slow and methodicalCons;- Little buggy off release- Like Left 4 Dead, sometimes you may run into players who are less than 'friendly'- Minor balancing, nothing to grip about too muchAll in all, before anyone puts down the game and denounces it over how it was handled for release, give the game a try. It grows on you, and you appreciate the thought into this game and why you want to keep playing it. It's a fun hunting game that's spun on it's head, and it's all for the better."
,Recommended,273350,14524370,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,max24217,"Alought most people view this game as trash, I still like it very much.This game really requires both hunter and monster players to think every step during the game. Hunter and monsters have their own playing style.Like monsters you should know how to avoid hunters in the early game. How to evolve as soon as possible and how to defeat well-teamed hunters in a right timing.As hunters, you should know how to find monsters as quick as you can. Monsters will become very powerful when they evolve. Your advantage is in the early game. Kill monsters quick or you die.So there are a lot of things to think about and to play with. It is really a fun game to play. Especially when you use monster to defeat hunters, you will feel like you really achieve something that is really big since you not only 1 VS 4 but also you win the game. Playing as other players' boss is amazing. I have played plenty of games and all bosses in the games are the most impressive elements. However, they are all AI. In this game, you can be the boss for other players. To crash them and destory them. Really a new and interesting feeling to me.As for the price, I have to say this game is a little bit expensive. 60 dollars is really large amount of  money and there are many DLCs coming up. So this might be a concern. But do not woory about DLCs too much because most of them are skin packs which mean they do not affect anything real in the game. All the hunters and monsters can be unlocked as you play the game(new DLCs' hunters and monsters are exception because you need to pay for them. However they are not expensive DLCs and original hunters and monsters are already very powerful and fun to play)."
76561198053493661,Recommended,273350,14427778,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,MuzaMaster,The game is great. there arent many games where you can play as a monster these days. I think its good that the game went f2p since it was basically dead. now the game is living again and its nice to play it again.
,Recommended,273350,14477020,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Maximus Gladius,Another great game made by Turtle Rock Studios. The gameplay is similar to L4D with an emphasis on cooperative teamwork. A must buy if you're into playing games with your friends.
76561198091580570,Recommended,273350,14655503,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Fooplord25,"While I agree with the people complaining about DLC and its prices, this game is incredibly fun to play. I also know that it's not for everyone, but don't let the DLC stand in your way, unless you just really hate the fact it's not all included at launch... but please, come back and buy this game when it's on sale. It's definitely worth $45."
,Recommended,273350,14471016,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Wigs,"Biologically speaking, the monsters metamorphosize over their life-cycle, they do not evolve."
76561198076204747,Recommended,273350,14471646,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Soulren,"Alright, look. Most of the reviews you read here will probably be about the DLC. Most of them are just skins, but the ones that are coming out in the spring that add new hunters and a new monster.....Well, they are very overpriced,, but TR has a good system for it. Even if you dont buy the DLC, you can still play with other people using the DLC.One other thing: DO NOT buy this game if you want a shooter like Black Ops or CoD. But this game if you want a tense strategy game that has some fighting mixed in.Right, now that I got that out of the way, here are some pros and cons:Pros:-Very balanced gameplay, with both sides winning around the same ammount.-Each new character you unlock gets progressively more compilacted to play.-The ""campiagn"" (if you can call it that) has HUGE replayablilty.-Simpily fun to play.Cons:-The DLC-If you are playing with someone who doesnt get your stratagies, or vice versa, the match will probably suck-Very little story to discover, even in the ""campaign"", but the game hints at it frequently.-Matchmaking is still a little rough around the edges.Overall, you should buy this game, but not now. Wait until after Turtle Rock and 2K wake up and realize that they ♥♥♥♥ed up on their DLC plan, and also add a bit to the story."
76561198089052133,Recommended,273350,14424355,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,DoomPenguin,"i get that this game gets alot of bad rep because of the controversy from the dlc, but hear me out. this is honestly a fun game, and i played all of the beta and alpha on my xbox one. theres enough content in the game as it is for it to keep you entertained for hours upon hours, especially with friends. just had to write a review as this game is getting so much♥♥♥♥♥♥and its only the first day of release"
76561198023690183,Not Recommended,273350,24537257,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Ifrinn,FUn idea... but it would be nice to be able to win for once on the monster ... I'm done
,Recommended,273350,14426455,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Soka Ried,"Please do not pay any attention to 99% of the negative reviews!There are NO microtransactions in Evolve.This game is NOT pay to win.yes there are OPTIONAL COSMETIC items in store and they CAN be bought but they have no influence on balance or gameplay at all.please check this game out be it via let's plays or streams.if you've liked left 4 dead, this might be a game for you."
,Not Recommended,273350,14468842,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Arson Aardvark,"Buggy as all hell.  Cursor randomly disappears and doesn't come back when you absolutely need it.  Sometimes it appears during a game when it's not supposed to...and doesn't go away.  Sound flickering during cutscenes, causing lag.  There's so much detail in-game it's sometimes hard to even see the monster in front of you.  It lends to the hectic nature of ""the chase,"" but sometimes it's just nauseating trying to focus on any one thing.  The voice communication is amazing.  Crystal clear like the person is in the room with you.  If you haven't purchased a new graphics card in the past 3 years, might wanna get this for console.  I didn't buy any DLC because it consists entirely of useless cosmetic features that you won't even notice in game..and most of them are 5 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ dollars.  That being said, it's easy to find a game.  The load times are a bit long, and you can level up your toons in solo mode so that you don't embarass yourself in multiplayer."
,Recommended,273350,14549686,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Saul Goodman,"Brutal Yet Balanced.Team fortress vs Left 4 Dead with lots of unique characters and 3 very unique monsters.The monster is not overpowered, the AI hunters are just very weak.  Human hunters will be on top of you the entire game.Be sure you play the tutorials first, The online portion of this game has very little room for error on either side."
76561197962163932,Recommended,273350,14550009,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,アクションハンク,"This game is fun.Don't want to pay for DLC? Don't get it. As long as there's no pay to win ♥♥♥♥♥♥ry, then I don't see the problem with overpriced skin DLC. Who gives a ♥♥♥♥ about skins anyway?There is some DLC for content later down the road and depending on what kind of content/pricing point I may join the choir and sing a hymn about the death of DLC. But for now, you can get the base game and have plenty of fun.Don't miss out because the DLC policy is crap."
76561198035232090,Recommended,273350,14494554,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Paddy,its amazing
,Not Recommended,273350,14693666,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,RazorSkinned,It's fun for about a day... not worth the price.  It looks amazing though.
,Not Recommended,273350,14444568,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,LGriffin,$20 game
76561197975987725,Recommended,273350,14592251,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,MushmellowHealth,"Let's just put this out now : This game requires thought, patience and skill. It may not be for everyone, but it is indeed a personally rewarding experience when things fall into place. It is frustrating when working with teammates in pubs that dont know how to optimally play their role, but that happens in a lot of games. There are ppl out there that know what theyre doing once you hit lvl 25+, which makes the game lots more fun and tense for both hunter and monster.I beleive there are balancing issues to work out on both sides, and hopefully we get them... (cough cough wraith...) The hunter classes REQUIRE thinking and tactical positioning, otherwise you will pay for it. I am saying this as a monster, and ty for feeding me :). Monsters are my cup of tea, and i love the aspect of hunting and being hunted. I played nosgoth for awhile which shared a tiny bit of the aspect of hunting, but Evolve feels right at home for me.For the best experience, make friends in this game. When you know what you are doing in pubs the experience is enjoyable, but with steam friends this game is a lot more fun! I love being on mumble and someone shouting with surprise when i pounce them from a bush!In conclusion, I love this game.devs, for a more enjoyable experience for us, please work on balancing classes more, and please dont push dlc on day one... Ppl payed 60 dollars for this great game, so it wouldnt hurt to hand out some free goodies. It would only do good for this game at the current point :). ( i have heard and read about the negative feedback...)If you are patient and am willing to put effort and time into learning this game, then you will have lots of fun. I will say it isnt for everyone, because it requires work, strategy, and the ability to think on your toes. Hopefully the drink i had didnt make this review too clumsy :P... seeya in game!"
76561198080128566,Recommended,273350,14471418,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,PenguinsRTheory,"Its fun. Skins are a bit overpriced but w/e, it doesnt take anything from your gaming experience. I would recommend this game all. :)"
76561198030734545,Not Recommended,273350,20163006,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,dreamlord1979,I've played indie games that were MUCH better than this pile of gargbage.
76561198009484261,Not Recommended,273350,25721184,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,King Rhiot,"I had this game back when it first released, and gave it a review, and now i'm replacing the review with a new one.  This game is very good to pick up and play once in a while. It's fun, entertaining...and..well..it's just great.  But for EXTENDED play, you'd want to really get in to how your'e supposed to play it, how everything works.  I've been playing monster a LOT latley, and it seems like there are some serious balance issues.  I've gone up against a random pickup group, and the monster never fails to destroy them, if you have some idea of how to play.  But if you go up against a team that's premade, and coordinating well, the monster has NO chance to win.  I get that this may be intended, but it feels very bad to be the monster against teams like this, especially with the community turning to♥♥♥♥♥♥latley.  The teams of 4 hunters will frequently start trash talking the monster for no reason. It's happened to me enoguh to make me seriously reconsider whether or not I want to play this game again.tl;dr: Fun game, not much content, poor community, play casual if you really want to enjoy this."
76561198068907073,Recommended,273350,14567675,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,W.I.P Super Dragonball Online,"Not sure what all the negative press is about but overall the game is great and fun on both ends even solo. Why did ppl buy  the stuff that isnt out yet why not just wait and just play the game itself? This is what ia wrong with ppl they buy something dont even know what or how or anything about it. Then expect they can complain about it , just get smart stop being a dumb consumer do some research before acting. lol"
76561198011849772,Recommended,273350,14693196,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,LethalOP,"First off the only reason that I reccomend this game is that the good outweighs the bad, but only just slightly. Very buggy glitchy game, one monster in particular is way broke, (wraith) makes the game un playable for the hunters and just causes me to quit the game. they really need to fix this monster like now! or just get rid of the dang thing because it is by far the most broke part of this game, I hate playing as the wraith and against because any sub par player can beat a team of really really good hunters easily. but good game overall just needs a hell of a lot of balancing and fixes."
76561197992567274,Not Recommended,273350,18193276,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Simba,This game would be fun if the matchmaking system could actually put you into a match...  It takes on average 15 min to find a match ON WEEKEND NIGHTS good luck playing at all on week days. I have 4 hours of playtime on this game so far and about 3 of those are loading screens and waiting for players. honestly I cant really review the game because i havent gotten a chance to actually play it.Also the DLC is stupid. Why would I pay 15$ for a new character after paying 60$ for the game?!had great potential but 0 followthrough.
76561198060897854,Not Recommended,273350,19833127,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Da G Man,"The trailer was promising, the beta was alright, thank god I was able to refund it when the♥♥♥♥♥♥stain came out long ago.Dont do this to yourself, keep your money!"
76561197989787651,Recommended,273350,22122501,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,ParametricMarill,"I enjoy the game, whether you enjoy sneaking around, smashing your foes or being part of a highly coordinated team of hunters, this game is for you. This multiplayer fps, will keep your heart pumping and your adrenaline at full, then when you are won and done, you will feel a massive sense of achievement. The only thing the game lacks, is a slower paced, lore filled single-player (That said, there is some awesome lore / storytelling to characters and areas)."
,Not Recommended,273350,24465662,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Baron Dank'in Memes,"I was REALLY enjoying stage 2 for about two days and then people realized what everyone realized when evolve was first released: Wraith is nearly impossible to catch. Here is usually how a match with wraith goes:- all start following her tracks- as trapper I use my scanner and get a good idea of where she is going- follow my gut- find Wraith and use dome- realize no one followed the trapper despite using voice chat- get killedOR- run around for 5+ min- can't catch wraith- stage 3- deadAll the monster players are starting to play wraith and this is the reason I stopped playing after the initial release. 5/6 matches against wraith, no thank you."
,Recommended,273350,14476450,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,RoyalReno Gaming,"Evolve is a great game as it stands, yes there are microtransactions but these currently are only skin packs. Later down the line there will be added monsters and hunters but I wouldnt recommend buying them. The game is very balanced as is and a very fun game to play with and without friends. The detail put into the game is wonderful, from the sounds to the graphics. As a monster you really feel like a powerful beast but never so powerful that you are over balanced. In the beginning you start at weak and need to be stealthy to survive and outwit the hunters. If you can outlast and evolve you can over power the hunters in a battle but only if you target the right people during the right time in battle. As a hunter the mechanics of the game allow you communicate well with and without a headset, being able to mark targets and send messages quickly. The different characters within each class makes for a great way to mix things up during each play through as well as create great teamwork between players. No 2 matches are the same and the base game is great. The micro transactions do not hinder the games gameplay and do not slow down your progression. IF you are worried about all the DLC bundles then buy this game and no other DLCs as a well to boycott this marketing plan. Overall Evolve is a great multiplayer game and is masterfully crafted."
76561198109505028,Recommended,273350,14629904,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,British Unicorn,"Now I Love this game SOOOOO much, and yes it can get old-ish sometimes, and yes they do need to add more. But hey, this is a game that I've played since it's come out (on console) and I haven't become tired of it yet, and I'm expecting them to add at least more maps, hunters, and Monsters. But If you think about it, its barely been out for a month, and my friend keeps on telling me ""It's gonna be like titan fall, they release it, then nobody hears about it again"". I agree to a certain point, you see titan fall was sort of like Call of Duty without a story, yet there was something about it that made you want to play more that also masked the negitive points, my therory is that thing about it was everything was overpowered, that is what made it adictive for a time. Almost the same thing with Evolve, however, it took gameing to a place I haven't seen it go before, make the player a huge @$$ fire lightning thing from space, fighting other online players! and best yet, there is a sence of connection, you can't go all out on a stage 3 monster, you have to be prepared, each player has to complete his or her roll, otherwise gameover, that is what made it different from so many multiplayer games. So all of you people thinking this game is bad, give them a little credit at least. Now what I can complain about, is the f*cking solo player games, now that gets old really, really fast, so not only do you loose that connection between players, theres just no.... emotion. An example would be like haveing all your friends be dumb zombies, they follow you around and do the worst choices, and leave you to do all the work, which again, takes away all the fun. and as a monster sneaking becomes SO much harder to acomplish with bots, examle, while I was playing online all you have to do was hide in some bushes, there problem solved, yet with bots I did the same thing, and what did they do, attacked me on sight. Now this in some cases, adds a challenge, which makes you a better player at the game! So slap negitive reviews in the face and buy the game, perferably on Ps4, screw Xbox one. Anyway I totally recomend this game for people that love hide & seek with giant scary @$$ monsters. Enjoyand yes, it should deserve the best of show award."
76561197999881494,Not Recommended,273350,14426950,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Foxon Spoopyfur,"After hitting level 12 I realized a few things about Evolve.1) There are 4 classes with 3 characters each that play differently. Let's call them loadouts. Though each character is fun, not being able to change the loadout is kind of a bummer. I was expecting ways to upgrade or change the loadout like most FPS games. Instead it does the Team Fortress 2 where the weapons and tools are locked to the character. Wait, TF2 allows you to change your loadout as well?2) The game has only 3 monsters. Even if you pre-ordered the 4th monster won't be out for a while. I don't play the monster anyway because I suck at it, and with no real way to practice I'll stick to hunter.3) The game was 70 dollars, 80 if you bought digital deluxe. That's a lot for a game with such little content. So far all I do is drop from the ship, hunt the monster, shoot the monster till it dies. Evacuation is fun but it's the same thing as Hunt, but with minor objectives.4) Day 1 DLC is a no-no.I do like the combat, the fair attempt at balance, and the characters and weapons/tools are fun to use. It's a well-developed game, but it gets boring fast. You level for badges and very slight upgrades to your stuff, that's it. Once you unlock all the characters there isn't much else to drive you to continue.I only bought this game to play with an IRL friend and his two friends. With voice and friends the game becomes more fun but that doesn't make it any less repetative.Another overpriced Triple A game that'll die in a month or two, just like Titanfall and Destiny."
76561198034357406,Recommended,273350,14645811,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,The Jammy,"id reccomend this. but the season pass is a bit redundant when it doesnt give you ALL the dlc packs... its not really a season pass if it doesnt.. so its more of a multipack deal. games pretty good though, obviously its unbalanced because its meant to be, some aspects are a bit too unbalanced and need a little polishing. but its still great fun. its best played with friends!"
76561198137441444,Recommended,273350,14643980,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,jtbinkie,"love the game except for all the glitches in it. there needs to be an update to fix all these. my game crashes without warning, my mouse curser is visable in game when playing with friends. little things just ruining it for me."
76561197976226313,Recommended,273350,14455822,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Hex0r,"I really can't believe the bad reviews this game is getting. My friends and I think the game is awesome. I spent 60 bucks on it, thats all.  Not buying any skins or anything.  They don't sell extra characters or monsters.  Its all cosmetic stuff.  The game play is challenging and fun, each round can be very different depending on the group and the scenario, especially with the Evacuation mode and all the environmental changes.This game forces team play and communication which is what I thought people would dislike. But so far the community has been great. Lots of older people playing as well.   If I had one bad thing to say about the game is I wish there were more game modes because I do see the current 5 getting dull after awhile.  For now I'll enjoy the hell out of it until it does and hopefully they add some more game modes and characters that I'd be happy to shell out another 10-15 bucks for.  With all the crappy early access stuff coming out these days and offering so much for so little.  Its nice to play a polished game.The game also runs great, very few bugs that I've seen although I'm sure they are there. But I highly recommend that anyone interested in the game, watch some streams, go to a friends house and try it and not pay attention to the negative (mostly inaccurate) reviews on here."
76561198088129605,Recommended,273350,14590423,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,woodyism5,Amazing game but would be cool if there was a mode with all the monsters vs all the huters like at the end of the evacuation thing
,Not Recommended,273350,30981710,Posted: 6 April,all,dipl.ing deadhawk_at,"NO Update since 6 MOnths, i payed 60$ when the game came out, now it is free, iam ok with that, but noth with them taking my money and do not freaking support the game at all.An Update a Month should be no Problem at all, they even promised so 7 Months ago..."
76561198041331648,Not Recommended,273350,15127116,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,SevenLetters,No.
76561197999510504,Not Recommended,273350,15132816,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Mobil,If this goes on sale I recommend picking this up. Other than that the full retail price was too much. I fell victim to their PAX ploy. Had lines for the line and now I feel cheated lol. Exploits and unblance as to be expected since it's release date was pushed. Not going into much detail about it but my overall gamer score for this would prob be6/10
76561198051718257,Recommended,273350,15053526,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Wacken,Absolutely amazing game! I have nothing to complain.Seems like every game is different because of strategies you have to make to kill a monster or take down the hunters since every character on this game have unique skills and abilities!The graphics and gameplay are amazing too.10/10
,Recommended,273350,15069300,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Get Flexed On,"I had a fun time. Most people were excited for playing as the monster, but I found playing hunter to be more fun, after you found the monster of coure. Could be better, maybe new game modes and more hunters would be better to add some diversety to it.  Would recomment for players who like a game that makes you play as a team to complete your objective."
,Not Recommended,273350,18988096,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Jimmy Neutron,"Hunters seem to be able to instant revive eachother, and the drop ship comes every 20 seconds, not the minute+ that it used to be. Founders get nothing except expensive DLC that I never would have bought. Seems to be less agressive monsters to lure the hunters into to help you fight. DOME IS NO LONGER SKILL BASED YOU LITERALLY BASH YOUR HEAD ON THE KEYBOARD AND 100% DOME THE MONSTER. WOW Cant wait to see this game fail again. Whats next? Evolve stage 3 where the devs PAY YOU to play except the founders because who cares about them?"
76561198228836492,Recommended,273350,18240823,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Fluxor420,It is a great game. but it can have a big learning curve from all the differnt play styles. its not the best for solo play unless you enjoy being the monster. but if your with a good party who actually communicates or just good group of friends to play with and this game can go very far. having a mic is very important to play properly.
,Not Recommended,273350,17892894,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,J-boss,The game is Aids in a nutshell.
76561198132480424,Recommended,273350,19302229,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Crazy,best game ever
,Recommended,273350,19303559,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,DeusChris | #kek,It's a rly nice gameI have not played a lot but i allready love this game
76561198021127217,Not Recommended,273350,19576053,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,marinerslakers,not fun. dlc whorre.
,Not Recommended,273350,14421324,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Brosef Stalin,"Personally, I played the game on the Beta and liked it. I bought it, and now I'm 60$ out, and the game just seems to keep on laggin'. Personally, it's not worth the money and the DLC franchise that is evolve isn't what it lived up to be. -$60/10"
,Recommended,273350,15433353,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Unstrafed,"I wanted this game since I saw the trailer for it, once I got it I absolutly loved it. Everything is good about it, the monsters, hunters,lvl system, and gamemods. The only disavanteg in this game is most likely the in-game purchases, which is okay because every game has them, but no one likes them."
76561198086162595,Not Recommended,273350,19302430,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,DEATHGODZZ,This game is booooorrriiiinnnggg the concept of the game is search and destroy nothing else 😐😐😣😣
76561198059402673,Recommended,273350,15084829,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,ClaSick,"At the time of this review i have put 40 hours in to the game. i am a lvl 29 over all and all char unlocked.and the first thing i have to say is dont trust the reviews. lol i waited for a while before buying the game cause of all the horriable reviews. i regret not gettting it sooner. plain and simple the game is fun. it is a great coop and solo. i play solo monster and with a group of my friends for hunters. i do solo que hunter once and a while and i have no complaints about the community. but of course better with friends. there is the STANDARD dlc system. there is season passes and the levels they realease are free. u only pay if u want a new hunter or monster. i am used to this style since i play a lot of f2p games and it is just the way the gaming market works now. on top of that its cheap. 2$ for skins (visual only no combat advantage). and 24$ season pass. not bad. in conclusion i love the game, i love the style, and i dont think the dlc and store system is outragous. buy it and you will have hours of fun."
,Recommended,273350,15145819,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,harder,a
76561198001702000,Recommended,273350,15286590,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,^2Permission to Cry!!!,"Great Game!I rate this game 10 out of  10Reasons why?This game does something that no other game has done!What you ask?This game has a great 1 vs 5 system, allowing you be the monster vs Players in a unfair fight but wait! is it unfair for you or them?HAH can't wait to see how many player play the role of the monster and Mercenaries.I recommend this game for FPS shooter and monster lovers!"
,Recommended,273350,15192691,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Ganey,"Considering its pretty much the same thing each game, fight the monster, it's quite addictive and easy to keep playing. Each game actually ends up different."
,Recommended,273350,16627169,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,#SaltBae,"Amazing game. Convince a few friends to come along for the ride and you will not regret it! Hours of fun, either as a hunter or a monster, with each character and monster feeling completely different in how they are best used."
76561198087459403,Recommended,273350,15291861,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,[LPC] Shadow Brawler,Very Fun!
,Recommended,273350,15743754,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,chronic mediocrity,lots of fun but i should be able to unlock normal characters from using dlc characters
76561198050864519,Recommended,273350,16370185,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,♫ Daswe ♫,"I have never seen a game like this one before, to be specific where the one who is chosen as the hunted can quickly become the hunter as a lone wolf against 4. The graphical details are amazing and I really enjoy the scenery aswell. Playing as the Monster at first was a little tricky, however once you find a routine you can win almost every time. PLaying as the Hunters, well it is quite literally relying on teamwork to bring down a monster, no mattter if the monster is level one, two or three. But having said that hunters are fun to play because of their 'individual' abilities and I really like the way they have made them all unique in some way shape or form.The only bad thing I have to say about this game is that it's gameplay and styles once you have been playing alot really does get repetitive.To sum this up, combined with the gameplay, the details, the hunter and the monster uniqueness and then taken into fact about some gameplays being repetitive, I will rate it 8/10 and people, it is definately worth trying out :)"
76561198036932946,Recommended,273350,18083684,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,SpartanS212,"A really misunderstood game. Wasn't going to pick it up after reading some reviews however after getting it on sale I think its actually a decent game overall. Like every single game ever released there is always some form of problem, glitch or issue. Face it its going to happen. However I find with modern games people will not be satisfied anymore. Plenty of people still play the game and its a well balanced game so far, so its not hard to win as the monster or a hunter. Like all multiplayer games you get some players who don't know what they are really doing and may cause you to lose but again its like that for every multiplayer game. Graphics are fine, mechanics are fine, balance is fine and of course there are some issues like every game. This game gets bashed too hard. Would recommend"
,Recommended,273350,16664963,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,PavlovsDog,"Its not a bad game, nor is it a great game. The play is fun but some of it is unbalanced and could use more work. The hunting areas are far too small and it feels steamlined. Lacks imersive qualities and depth to the story. The customizing involved is not the best either. It is fun being a monster and going after the hunters. Its also fun being the hunters but it could be a much better game all around. If they made a second game with improvements, I would concider buying it but if it is similar to the first I wouldnt take a second glance. They released the season 2 pass a day after the steam sale ended which made it seem like a marketing ploy. Another reason the reviews are so mixed. Gaming should be fun and challanging to a degree. It should not be mandatory.The crashes and unbalanced game play can cause a headache. The monsters lack any real power in some aspects such as the wraith being made of paper. Behemoth is the best monster because it is the only one that can real cause and damage while taking damage. Kraken isnt bad but if you are not in stage two it is in poor condition for assaulting hunters."
76561198142407599,Recommended,273350,15314002,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,WolfPredator09,I think this is a great game. It is not at all repetative because there is so many combinations of hunters and monsters. There has been plenty of games were you play as a monster but never as good as this. I also love the DLC about how they make the monsters look different. If Turtle Rock Studios reads this please add a DLC for the monsters so they glow blue and purple. I know there is a Wendigo but it is kind of hard to see becuase the area is constantly dark. But if it glows I think it would look a lot cooler.
76561198204605977,Recommended,273350,20011739,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Dev-Dude-Tyler,Its great fun I dont see why there are some that dont like it
76561198108237096,Recommended,273350,20216258,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Spagyi,",,Time to get heavy.'' 10/10"
,Not Recommended,273350,25628396,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,ARCHER,Wheres my refund?
76561198203087698,Recommended,273350,30002467,Posted: 17 February,all,Naner-Man,this game is fun not good for compettitive and even though its free it is still pay-2-win and they stopped working on the game so dont expect anything new
76561198071095181,Recommended,273350,14941789,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Tarissix,"Never had a problem with the game, could use some tweaking with balancing but overall its fine so far. Some game modes favor certain classes and monsters but you can counter-pick. The dlc argument is stupid, 90% of it is skins that have no effect on gameplay and are there purely if you want some snazzy new paintjobs."
76561198095381349,Recommended,273350,14942188,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Aethereus,"""Excellent Game"" Playing as the monster is such an adrenaline rush; will leave your heart racing and is never boring. The community needs to stick together and support Evolve so it continues to be a ""flagship"" favourite. Thank you Turtle Rock Studios for a great game."
76561198044988341,Recommended,273350,15068035,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,nCrPuppet,"Just as I turn the tide and kill half their team, steam logs me out and it forces me to leave. WTF? If they fix this, because its not just coincidence that it happens whenever I am about to win, this game gets a 10/10 from me. Until then, it is nigh unplayable"
76561197991161216,Recommended,273350,15068986,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Corporal Punishment,"pretty fun so far, we will see about multiplayer"
,Recommended,273350,15084261,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,sherman.root,"So much hate on this game for its price and repeptitiveness, in my opinion it arely gets repetitive unless you achive max rank and full starts for all characters but they are adding new content. The price is  worth it because there is no price-tag on the feeling and thrill you get from chasing the monster or being th monster itself. you never need to pay extra money after the base purchase of the game unless you want those skins or some new monsters and hunters. 11/10 would cripple,burn and eat hunters again.EDIT: most negative reviews are from butthurts who are sad that they spent 60$ on a game with alot of dlcs, sure the dlcs are expensive and all over the place but the game at its core is a GOOD GAME!"
76561198046380510,Recommended,273350,15149243,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,CeCe,"This game is my fav, I think people are too harsh on it.  People love to critic harshly but really it's awesome.  It's still new, wait a couple more months to see fixes."
76561198114089414,Not Recommended,273350,15231835,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,grigorjeff,The only thing i liked is the graphics. I found matchmaking extremely inconvenient.
76561198062776499,Recommended,273350,15288463,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,bradcwalston,"Its a very nice game.Now that thats out of the way, let me put some glaring problems up:1: Clear preference to Console players- (bleh)2: Some bugs, (Such as the monster freezing in solo play) still occure.3: Lack of content4: LACKS A STORY MODE- this is a HUGE flaw. I hope this is fixed eventually.Now that the negitives are out of the way, lets talk about some things it does well:1: Graphics. Are. Awesome. Looks amazing, good style.2: Core concept is very very good. 1 player in charge of a super powered monster, 4 others playing little guys. It's like someone playing Baron on summoners rift instead of another team!3: Three diminsional game play, jetpacks/monster climing (flying in the case of Kraken) make this an awesome game play experience.All in all, this is an awesome game to sit down with if you have friends that play- the thrill of the hunt, with 4 friends makes this an awesome party game. I would go so far as to say with friends, this game is a must have.If you are playing alone, I would reccomend you pass, as the single player content is fun for a week at best, and the matchmaking system makes you want to  group with friends (its bad.)All in all, I would definitly pay 60$ for this game, so long as a friend has also done so.Is it perfect? No, far from it.Is the formula a good idea? I cannot smash the yes button harder. I very much hope to see more content, more game modes and a story some time in the future."
,Recommended,273350,19911787,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,"Zack ""Hands-On"" Hampson",Good game. I like it. Bought it for my friend for Christmas.
76561198091400871,Not Recommended,273350,14509596,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Wong D,"I know a lot of people say that this game is just like Titanfall. I understand why you would think that, and yea it is kinda like it. I will say, its not worth the full price. But it is really fun. (except the part where all you doing is trying to catch up to that one person who just runs away and drags the game on). The developers need to stop this bad habbit with the dlc bs. I can not recommend this game just because of people who makes these types of games. Dont get me wrong, its such a fun game and a great idea, but it is not what we gamers want. If you wanna get it, get it on sale and hope that people are still playing it when it does."
76561198098437065,Recommended,273350,15248986,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,risingpheonix,"Even though this game has had bad reviews it is fun, and as soon as you get your head around the fact it is a massive hide and seek game and you get to know the maps and the charaters it is easy and fun."
,Recommended,273350,16232126,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Lonel,Well made game!But I agree with the community because the 2K are kinda money 'Hunters'.As an idea Evolve is very good game with awesome gameplay and expiriences.Now about the Multiplayer.... you must have friends to join your game :).I recommend this game.
,Not Recommended,273350,24241626,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Jules Winnfield,"I bought this and didnt play it that much to be honest, but i am♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that I payed $40 for a game that people are getting for free now."
76561198079828085,Not Recommended,273350,19925976,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,[Prime]Death,The game is fun... but the matchmaking is bad you need hours and hours to find a bloody game+ you only need premades to win a game as hunters many bad players are here and they dont know even what to do... for 10$ is good but not for more i was excited to play this game but after i played some games im dissapointed
,Not Recommended,273350,14422111,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Venari,"If you haven't had a chance to see the game in action yet for more than a few minutes I wouldn't recommend spending the $60-$70 (depending on region) for it.The game has stunning graphics and a great game play idea but the price is not worth the amount of content.  Even the base price is too much for the amount of content you get.  If you want to play a new Monster or Hunters, you will have to pay up more.  If you spend $120 on it you could be waiting months to get the additional content you paid for.  Time Value Money doesn't make sense here.The game would be great as a free to play and pay for additional skins.  LoL style.  Charging upwards of $70 (in Canada) for the base game then an additional $10-$20 each time  content pack comes out is not worth it.  I played a bit in the beta and some today and I'm already looking for more content."
,Not Recommended,273350,30089801,Posted: 21 February,all,Rodzilla,"Give me my money, nerds."
76561198117676637,Recommended,273350,24698514,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,randolfpickman,now f2p
76561198050695745,Recommended,273350,24165116,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Zháád_ | CSGOShuffle.com,damn dis is awesome :o like sheeet bruh
,Recommended,273350,24166978,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,SoapyMacNCheese,"F2P has saved the game. They have tweaked everything about the game to improve the issues from launch, even playing on day one of F2P, never had an issue of never catching the monster or immediately killing it. They balanced the game, speed it up, and the F2P model seems resonable. You can unlock everything by playing, and i dont even see a way to pay for anything right now. Owners of the original game get everything unlocked at the start"
,Recommended,273350,24198237,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,TBizarreOne,"Make larger lenth games and Fix bugs, all that I have to say"
76561198174338429,Recommended,273350,24155472,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,PrivatePrian,"I like it. Very nice Game. If u got enough players, this is a real fun shooter. Characters are guided on steam and on youtube. Just try it!"
76561198077268074,Recommended,273350,24165181,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,k1fire13,"I have been a huge supporter of Evolve and previously it was on a slippery slope as it had several problems. This being said, I believe that the changes in Evolve Stage 2 is probably the most important thing to happen to Evolve ever. It is now very new player friendly mean while still having a decent learning curve. The intensity on computer requirements to actually run the game have been reduced a fair amount making some computers that previously couldn't handle running Evolve now able to do so with relative ease. All of this combined with the fact that it is now free to play (F2P) gives no reason not to download Evolve Stage 2. I hope that this review convinced you to try out Evolve Stage 2 and that you join the wonderful community of Evolve. See you on the hunting grounds!"
,Recommended,273350,24165262,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,The Crunchy Capn,"Going free to play was the best option they had. I really hope it revives this game, because asymmetrical multiplayer needs to be a bigger thing, and this one has some fantastic gameplay."
76561197965396869,Recommended,273350,24288076,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Macdallan,"Free to play now, eh?  Well, I got it on sale for a decent discount, so I'm not too ruffled over that.So, my 0.6 hours of play time should speak volumes about how good I felt this one was.  Yeah, yeah, one should have more play time before posting a review.It's probably better now than it was when it first came out, but after a few minutes of play that weren't fun, well, I didn't bother spending more time to see if *MAYBE* it got better.  The concept has potential but the execution falls a bit short of the mark.On the hunting side of things, you basically have one player who puts up a ""dome"" around the monster so it can't get out.  He doesn't do much else.  This limits the play area.  Big, nicely detailed maps and you get stuck in a tiny circle for many of the fights.  Yeah, I don't like that.  Then the game gets reduced to a small arena where the game defaults to tank, healer, DPS and sort-of crowd control versus Onyxia, or whatever the monster is.Meh.  That's right.  Meh.  Like fetch quest meh.I think the game would be alot better if getting hurt meant longer lasting damage, the hunters seem to be able to heal up pretty fast, and it becomes a game of swat the healer first.  I know, all you WOW addicts do that anyway because I did when I played WOW.  Where the heck are the games where the strategy doesn't have to be ""gank the healer first""?  I want a game like this one where you can't just point a magic heal-gun at people and... well, heal 'em.The other down side, for me anyway, is that the monster basically plays hide and seek for a while before it evolves into something that can actually fight a bit.  I think it'd be way more fun if combat was viable right from the start, but with a smaller monster you'd have to use stealthy hit-and-run tactics.  This is pointless because you've got a frickin' heal-bot.Maybe it'd also be better if you chose the level of evolution at the beginning and the hunters don't know what they're up against untl they finally see the monster.  Each level of evolution could differ in health, speed, stealth, and abilities, but would not necessarily evolve during gameplay because, really, something growing and changing that much, that fast, is silly.I just feel like it was a bad decision to have the monsters grow and evolve so fast and to let the hunters heal up so easily.  Well, at least when a top level monster isn't knocking their heads together anyway.  I know, I know.  The game's called Evolve.  I get it.Maybe I'm wrong, but the constantly mixed reviews and small player base at least back up the fact that the game just isn't that great.  Still, tonne of potential.Still, now that it's free, I recommend that you give it a try.  Maybe you'll like it more than I did.  I will give it thumbs up (thumb... I guess, it's just one) because it's a different concept for multiplayer, and know what you're buying...er... getting for free so . . . buyer bewa... er... free-er beware?  Downloaders beware.  Yes, that's it.  Maybe I'll give it another go someday... when I'm really, really bored.  If I do, and I like it more, I'll change my review.  Enjoy, or not.  :)"
,Recommended,273350,29961918,Posted: 16 February,all,Lizard,i think this game importance team if want play with your team and choose team with strong presence because 1 people not strong presence can be fail on teamfor this game awesome graphicbut still okay i play it too :VPS: teammates is importance remember
,Recommended,273350,12737147,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,CBM86,Amazing game so far and looking forward to the full release. Also if you do happen to lose in this game you don't really fell that bad about it. Just enjoy the hunt or being the hunted.
76561198015584943,Recommended,273350,12751707,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Ghostkiller150,good game and fun
76561198131512334,Not Recommended,273350,14417610,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Jo-Sapean,Great game if it runs properly because I can play dying light or elite dangerous or even star citizen without any problem but evolve i have to have the settings that make it look like im playing pre-aplha graphics and the frame rate is ridiculous so if they update the requirments then il be happy but until then i wont be able to play the game.
76561198006758332,Recommended,273350,18555666,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,gudbrandur,"This game is awesome. Dont let anyone else tell you otherwise.The thrill when you take control of your first monster. the thrill of holding onto a monster with just a harpoon gun and your bare hands. The thrill of hiding as the hunters pass by your hiding spot only inches away. The thrill of winning a close match. There's nothing quite like the thrill of playing this game. It is unique. It is special.But once the thrill is gone it wont leave much left to be desired.Full stars for visuals, sound and art, full stars for mechanics and concept. Not so many stars for replayability.If you like the idea of this game buy it. Buy it and play it. But understand that you are paying for the semi-short lived thrill of playing a ""movie"" that you happen to be controlling with your mouse and keyboard (or controller). Once youve seen the movie you wont be particularly interested in seing it again.I paid the premium price to play a game that will last in my memory, even if it hasnt lasted as well on my harddrive. I download and play every once in a while and have fun, but everytime I get my fill and leave it alone for a few months after. If you have the money to buy and play this game I reccomend you do, because it is awesome. But sometime soon it will die from the extreeme amounts of bad press it gets, and thus lack of players. The game does deserve the bad press, shameless moneygrabbing and bad business practices and terrible unlock based post game trash, but it doesnt get nearly as much praise as it deserves.If you are willing the spend the $$$ to play a creme-de la-creme game that will entertain but not last too long. Buy this short lived masterpiece before it´s too late."
76561198207410683,Recommended,273350,21117068,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Halfrican,"Really fun, entertaining 4v1.  matches can last from 5 to 25 minutes on hunt, depending on the monster's and hunters' skills.  Sadly it has a small community so match ups can take time."
76561198087041205,Not Recommended,273350,19993086,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Topsupuikko,RIP
76561197986441800,Recommended,273350,18942337,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,SLeePY,awsome game. requires team effort and tactics.
76561198086722541,Recommended,273350,15368525,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Slick,This is literally one of the best games I've ever played. I really love how its made and the gameply and style.
,Recommended,273350,15368053,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,UNDEADtofu1337,"Fun game if you like team play or being the guy that ruins everyone else's fun. Pretty, too."
,Not Recommended,273350,24280247,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,1_TWIG_1,Free to play and it still costs too mush
76561197960628712,Not Recommended,273350,15148014,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Rninety,"When it first came out it was fun, a bit buggy at times, but still fun. It is very repetitive at this point, and what really killed it for me was the DLC, you want to charge a premium for the game and then you want me to buy DLC as well?????Also since the new round of DLC was introduced, i have had my game crash 3 times so far mid game..."
,Not Recommended,273350,15480793,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Nathan,"Honestly, this game is fairly fun when you play with a group of friends but it is definitely not worth it's cost. sure there is a fair bit you can do but like most addicting games it's repetEtive and gets old. if the development team releases a new game mode and a few more maps then i would highly recommend you buy the game and a reduced cost."
76561197972369732,Not Recommended,273350,15144156,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,tanelorn,"It's not a bad game, but the feeling to me is that you're just playing the finale time and time again of the game they should have made.  It does get repetitive quickly and the matches are over way too quickly.  There's just something missing and very seldom do the matches have that ""epic"" feeling to them.As far as the pricing structure...this equates to highway robbery.  What they should have done was make this game free to play and then sell the DLCs which the fans would have purchased willingly without the feeling of getting ripped off.If Evolve represents the future of game price modelling, you can count me out.The game - 6/10The pricing - 0/10"
76561198143186480,Recommended,273350,24161238,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Kleptarc,"I started playing this game since the Alpha, when it started out I was happy to see a game like this as it was a brand new concept that I was very very excite to jump head first into. The game was released and as the time between content being released increased, the player base began to shrink. Eventually the game became a shell of its former self only having around 200 players on worldwide at a time. However, seeing a massive massive update like the Evovle Stage 2 update makes me very optimistic and excited for what this game can and will be. As we speak I am updating the game now and telling all my friends about what Evolve is becoming. I can't wait to feel what i felt when I first heard of the concept for Evolve. I have always been a supporter of evolve as I could  always see the awesome potential this game had. I have been here since the very very beggining and I am here now ready for Evolve to show me what a damn good game it has become.(The chances of this game becoming what it used to be, a wasteland filled of bots and queue timers, are very very small due to the fact that the developers clearly have seen what they did wrong, and the amount of community feedback they got throughout the timeline of this game is absolutley immense. I am hoping that they fix the things they saw wrong and if new problems arise thats okay, no game is perfect and I am assured that the devloper will take time to nurture and take care of this game so that it can be the collosal game I knew it could always be)Good luck hunting, and see you on the battlefield"
,Recommended,273350,24220104,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,King Of Flirt,"so what do i get now, for spending 80 euros on it? if everything is free?..."
,Recommended,273350,16184570,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Jortamox,Every dollar I spent on this game is worth every dropship banters.
76561198136434371,Not Recommended,273350,24169610,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,quintarbarbarian,"my favrite thing about this game was all the mach options. I looked at it now that it is free to play and practicly all the options are gone and the campain is gone too. I truely belife that going free to play is good for this game, if they keeped it the same.Another big problem I have with it is that they made it so all hnters can use the dome which was the best part of trappers and changed the ability to a planetary scan, the special ability of a dlc trapper"
76561197966730556,Recommended,273350,14429130,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Komodoensis,"The concept sounds great, but it is one that games never seem to pull off... But a few hours in as the monster and this seems to hit the mark well.Watch some videos to see what you think, but keep your hesitancy in check; As I watched them I thought the game could be boring/monotonous... But my feelings all changed the moment I was fleeing from a pack of hunters doing everything I could to throw them off my trail and evolve.  Hitting lvl 3 immediately changed the dynamics, giving near free-roam around the map and let me choose the battle as the hunters desperately guarded their base.If you enjoy FPS/ competitive games where twitch shooting isn't necessarily everything, then this could be for you.  It can be slow paced depending on people's playstyle, but this can build a sense of hesitancy in the hunters as they try to stop the monster before fully evolving.Pros:-It does well at creating a playable monster that actually seems threatening.  You will not want to take them on alone.-Strategy plays a significant role in turning the tide towards your favor.-The hunted/hunter feeling really comes out as you play the game.  You will find yourself looking around as the hunter and evaluating ambush spots as the monster.-gameplay is not very complex, it does not take long to become somewhat proficient for a role.Cons:-Maybe some maps feel slightly small.-As everyone else points out, the DLC option (skins, etc) needs to be dumpstered and that should all be a part of the game.  But... This is more of a general con for many games coming out these days, not so much Evolve in particular.-Can't really seem to find a way to friend people in game."
,Recommended,273350,12740601,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Dohtoor,"If we ignore the fact that game is Alpha, it's♥♥♥♥♥♥ Loading times are ridiculos, matchmaking does not exist, performance is not good, leveling and learning the game is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥But it's Alpha. This game has an amazing concept, and it's really well done for Alpha. If they fix the irritating stuff, it's gonna be good."
76561198111243553,Recommended,273350,14420448,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Bossdok,"Dieses Spiel macht einfach nur Spaß! Wenn ihr ein Spiel zum zocken mit Freunden sucht ist Evolve das Richtige für euch.Und hört nicht auf die ganzen Leute die wegen den DLC heulen, ihr könnt auch ohne etwas zu kaufen gegen die DLC Chars spielen bzw. wenn jemand der den Char hat das Spiel verlässt könnt ihr auf ihn wechseln (auch in Botgames möglich)Außerdem sind alle kommenden Gamemodes und Maps gratis es kommt also zu keinem Community plit."
76561198027908264,Recommended,273350,25857775,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Skeil,people just keep crying over some silver keys like its a big dealthis game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome
76561198079482507,Recommended,273350,24166686,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Cyber_Warrior,"The new update to evolve has basically fixed all of the old problems people used to have with the game. You don't want to pay 3 dollars for a skin pack? No problem with the new version, you can just play a round or two and even if you don't do so well you'll have the in game currency in no time.  The waiting times people have complained about for so long have been fixed, now it's a 30 second wait, if you get unlucky. You think certain maps make things unbalanced for either hunter or monster? Well, let me tell you, they did a great job in this update balancing the maps to allow for gameplay that isn't totally skewed towards one side or another. All in all this new update promises to breathe new life into evovle and expand the player base bigger than it has ever been."
,Recommended,273350,29446700,Posted: 23 January,all,OZKABOT,Stage 3: Completely dead.
,Recommended,273350,29656096,Posted: 2 February,all,KepooxD,Good game
,Not Recommended,273350,24983188,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,George,"Founder here (meaning I bought the full game at release). I am one of the few that don't mind that the game went free to play. They gave me plenty of paid content to make up for it.I simply can't recommend the game because every single time I check it out again, I get bored with it very quickly. While it's fun for a short while, Evolve is lacking substance and just doesn't make you want to keep playing it.I don't hate the game, and it is free to play so please download it and check it out but It's just not good enough to get my recommendation."
,Not Recommended,273350,14422915,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,abufhad,Don't buy it. wait game goes on sale.at moment game is brokenstuck at 90% loading screen (bug from beta  lazy devs)game crashs  on my GTX 780Mframe rate random drops if you use skins on monster or huntersin-game store day1  evil marketing for sure
76561198141326941,Recommended,273350,22987748,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Agent Meme,"For me, It's overall great! Except for the fact you need to go digging for people to play, or else you're gonna spend a really long time in matchmaking."
76561198087245972,Recommended,273350,22891764,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,♥Crit_Happens♥,Awesome game and I really enjoyed it. Awesome graphics and just a load of fun. I am so happy they brought out this game as free to play now! I was afraid of this great game of dying into oblivion but can safely say now that turtle rock and 2K made a smart move here. Great job guys! To all the new comers enjoy the game! Free to play anyway! I feel like the money I spent on this game wasnt wasted at all. I'm looking forward to jumping back into sheer again!
,Not Recommended,273350,29281220,Posted: 15 January,all,Landoodlie,Such a waste of time ;-;
76561198013140368,Not Recommended,273350,14427009,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Attias,"Good production quality, but ultimaltely the gameplay just didn't grab me at all.  It's a hefty pricetag to pay for and then be genuinely bored after a few matches so I guess it just wasn't for me."
76561197977575790,Not Recommended,273350,25830295,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,crayzqtip102,For christs sake please add a rejoin feature if you lose connection.
,Not Recommended,273350,31070058,Posted: 10 April,all,Dude,"preordered for 80€, just to see this game go from ""every dlc is the price of a good indie game"" to ""f2p and you get everything for free, ♥♥♥♥ those suckers who payed for this game!""this is game is the sole reason why i never EVER bought and will buy a game via preorder ever again.the game itself is a sh!tshow right now. dont even bother. i just wish i could have my money back, so i could buy some good games."
76561198040201656,Not Recommended,273350,31550950,Posted: 4 May,all,Personally I prefer to hold Z,Would rather cut off my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥with a spoon than play this again
,Not Recommended,273350,14707274,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Spectra260,could have been better for price also and still no patch
76561198264839695,Not Recommended,273350,24266959,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,RazorMosk108,"I initially bought this game when it first came out. I absolutely loved it. However, with the added update of Stage 2, I lost most if not all of my progress. I can't play the story, I can't use any other game modes offline except for Hunt, the hunters have been made almost unbeatable, especially since all 4 hunters can use the ""dome"" ability, and with the exception of the added perks for the monster, the game isn't fun for me anymore. It was one of my favorite games until the patch."
76561198120701593,Not Recommended,273350,24206700,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,skyeunicorn,released it with a 60 dollar price tag and now it becomes a FREE TO PLAY !!money wasted
76561198018073742,Not Recommended,273350,29215971,Posted: 12 January,all,Trentwood,"Such a over hyped piece of doo doo, match matchking system ruins it."
76561198045331847,Not Recommended,273350,31029039,Posted: 8 April,all,dmerrill,Makes you pay $60 then a year or so later changes the game competely and makes it F2P.
,Recommended,273350,15121676,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Tripleflipb,"I love the game, although i am having bugs when playing, i cannot complain as i only have 4GB but still.  Turtle rock did an amazing job with this game, it looks sounds and runs amazingly, although not popular at the moment, the more variety and dlc they add is going to make it better and better, so the more support it gets the more we get.  Support the game, great games usually start horrible, then the sequels come in... the first L4D wasnt bad, but they took our advice and L4D2 was amazing!!!"
76561197965357467,Not Recommended,273350,14494643,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Jedmister,"Horrible support from the producers. I have written in since Beta and troubleshooting the game seems more challenging than the game itself. Hope no one else had to purchase this game only to be deeply disappointed. This is besides the other genuine feedback from the actual game. Was looking forward to this game, now just disappointed."
,Not Recommended,273350,26091470,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Hook my anus?,"Put many hours into this game.  But I am not coming back this time.The concept for this game is great and at one point this game was amazing.  It's so different now from the game I purchased a while ago that it doesn't even feel like the same game.I understand the need to go F2P as it was the only way to keep the game alive, but all the changes have made the game unworthy of my time.I came back to play and had to play tutorials and bot matches in a game that I have over 500 hours in.  wtf.It's pretty much a pile of crap now.GG"
76561198144372414,Not Recommended,273350,26435681,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Leonardo ThiccAsso,"I really liked this game and i still do but if you wont give any updates,any new monsters,hunters skins,why should i play.The fact that im a founder means im getting the new stuff that comes out.If there will be no more new hunters and monsters coming to evlove i sincerely want e refund"
,Recommended,273350,12753177,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Desy,Unique and strategical game play. Something fresh finally with a solid PC shooter feel.
,Recommended,273350,15539603,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Bogus,"erased my previous review, FINALLY ITS F2P, been waiting half an year for this to get more players"
76561197999437921,Recommended,273350,19279690,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,[AiF] Z-Rex,"TL;DR: An AMAZING game that had a rough start.  With the new Hunt 2.0 patch the game has fixed a lot of major issues and all reviews before that patch should be ignored.  The base game has 12 hunters and 4 monsters, all of which are unique and badass in their own way.  If you like the game and want to get the DLC it only adds more content and variability, but does not unbalance the game.  I would highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a new and refreshing adrenaline pumping cooperative (hunters) or single player (monster) experience and if this game is on sale it would be a waste of money to not get it.  Have fun hunting!This is an amazing game that got off to a rough start.  With the release of the new update, Hunt 2.0, this is like a completely new game.  In an honest manner I want to discuss the way the game feels and handles.First, any review before the release of the Hunt 2.0 update, around April 2015, should be ignored because the game handles very differently now and a lot of flaws were fixed.  The game no longer puts you into unbalanced games with its new ranked matchmaking system.  It also will not put a hunter or monster in a game that has already been started.  While you can play custom games with friends or solo, all the online game play is ranked now.  This is a great thing because you really only want to be playing online with people of your skill level so that it is balanced.  If you want to play unranked to practice solo and custom games are available as I said.Next, I want to address the topic of this game being repetitive or boring after playing a few hours.  This game is in no way repetitive.  Even at the base level with the 12 hunters and 4 monsters every game is unique and who is winning can change in an instant if there is one slip up or mistake of the team or on the monsters part.  Even if your team were to pick all the same hunters or the same monster was selected the multiple unique and vastly different level layouts and conditions make for a completely different match each time.  Each character handles very differently and has different requirements for play, each player playing the characters has different ideas and strategies, and each level changes the way you want to play.  Add all of that up and you will never get the same match up or scenario between any two games.  Some things might be similar or you might find a tactic that works well for you, but each encounter will be unique in some way.  One thing that is VERY IMPORTANT to note is that this game has a steep learning curve and you should expect to lose some games early on, but just because you failed with Goliath does not mean that you are a terrible monster.  You could be an amazing Wraith or Kraken and all you need to do is stick with it and try a different style of play or character.  That is the real beauty of the game.  There are so many different ways to play each character that you might not have simply found your best style or type of game play combo yet.  As long as you take all of this as a learning experience you will love the game.  I do not recommend this game to anyone that wants to sit down and be immediately good at the game.  To be truly good at this game takes practice and smart, adaptable playing.  This is what makes the game truly fun."
,Recommended,273350,24162811,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Fluffy,"It's a pretty fun game, and now that it's F2P I'd say it's worth your time to at least give it a shot for an evening. Everything is free, the base game, characters and the cosmetics. You only have a fun game to gain if you try and like it."
76561198065395656,Not Recommended,273350,24170750,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,logandune,i liked thid game when it first came out got the monster race edition even bought 2 of my freinds it to play with im not upset it went free but im upset that for all that money i litterly got nothing for it and they removed almost all there maps and got rid of my  favorite gameplay evacuation and now its only hunt and areana wrong direction and wrong way of showing love to exsisting players.
76561197987535892,Not Recommended,273350,34190406,Posted: 12 August,all,Bubba Zanetti,"was good, then they took out evacuation mode, and turned it into every other online shooter and made it boring"
76561198015805506,Recommended,273350,24182350,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,OdreY,"Finally this game got what it needed ages ago - availability and replayability with a unique gameplay and a good player base! The new reward system is great, everything is rebalanced up to perfection! The game has evolved to its new level, developers have listened to the opinion of its players & has eliminated all the drawbacks with old paid DLC system, to a new F2P model! Come to appreciate the hard work of Turtle Rock Studios and its baby -EVOLVE!"
76561198071703320,Not Recommended,273350,27799457,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,<PDIM>blank,"I pre bought this game with the hype of playing something different, but as time goes by it lost it touch. It is quite repetitive  and does not bring much to the table. Yes various monster and various hunter makes every game different, but all the players inside either have no idea what they are doing or very good at it (99% the first). Good game though while it lasted."
,Not Recommended,273350,28381448,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,ℰεƬ-ℳεεℒ,"I used to love this game.  Legit.  I defended this game against the reddit hordes.  The Micro-Transactions were lame; super lame.  But the game was super fun.However.  Now, the game is f*cking un-playable.  I can’t get into a game.  I can’t even play single player.  It keeps asking me to sign into 2k.  This is super insulting to me; at one point I was the top most ranked monster.  (Never lost a game as Goliath.)So Now I have to create some BS account to play a game that I PRE-PAID full price for?  Eat 3 d*cks and die in a dumpster fire.I don’t blame Turtlerock.  This game is f*cking amazing.  But 2K can eat my a** with a spoon."
76561198054735766,Not Recommended,273350,28383641,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Kenpai,"this game pisses me off so much, because what happened to the story? (where did it go?),because of disconnection when im trying to play with friends this is essential to a pvp game if you cant connect in one lobby and enter the game i hope if there is a stage 3 that it will have fixed these issues and more it has a lot of potential but its being squandered in my opinion."
76561198131028178,Recommended,273350,18012037,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Wanlace,noice
,Recommended,273350,18019364,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Shepurd,Its a good game but due to the lack of players there is almost impossible to find games.
,Recommended,273350,20266224,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,HYPER ONE,"Look at my hours.  This game is fun as hell, but I can only recommend buying it during a sale, or getting a bunch of friends to play it with you.  If you liked Left 4 Dead, you'll probably like this too.My only problem with this game is that the company behind it handled it horribly.  There's a lot of DLC and the online matchmaking is so bad that you might as well skip it (unless you're playing private matches).  Other than that, this is a great game if you can get a few buddies to join you in the hunt."
,Not Recommended,273350,31471880,Posted: 30 April,all,Brackso,"This game used to be fun at release and sometime after that. A Lot of the game has changed since release and now it feels just grindy and totally unbalanced. The monsters are way OP and the hunters are almost no threat to the monster, even at stage 1. As hunter you are just a puppet for the monster, you cant escape the monster when the player decides to attack a hunter. If you manage to use the jet pack and get away, the monster will catch you easily. Sell your team has heal and shields for the support, but it is hardly any help at all. Most of the time as hunter you spend running through world obstacles and is tedious and boring. I think the unbalanced issue in this game is the main reason people dont play it as much."
76561198080269716,Recommended,273350,14582122,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,BreezeZ.CEco,I like
76561198156910352,Recommended,273350,22026330,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Zero's Fate,"This Game Is Absoulutly Amazing,Great GraphicsAlot of characters to master and playExtremely fun to play with friends"
76561197995493821,Recommended,273350,17920953,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,SnydeSaxxton,"at first I didn't want to buy this game because of all DLC and high price. So i put off buying it for a while, but I always thought it looked good. I bought it 50% off and that was a good deal. more than half of the dlc characters are now free. the price of characters is still a little steep, but overall it is a good game."
76561198077780530,Recommended,273350,24159062,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Brouja,https://talk.turtlerockstudios.com/t/evolve-stage-2-release-notes-2-00-pc-only/87794Just go read that. Lemme know if it hasn't fixed every issue you ever had with Evolve.
,Recommended,273350,24170056,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Logstv,So happy with the free to play moveEvolve Stage 2 ☠ NOWFREE! ☠ Whats New?https://gaming.youtube.com/watch?v=u4sFkXAaLcw☠ Evolve stage 2 first look/Again ☠https://gaming.youtube.com/watch?v=k4BCl-P-zL8looking forward to more content
,Not Recommended,273350,16650805,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Wellech,There are bugs. You cannot be without them and they interupt the competative field frequently.There are extremely poor game design flaws and faults. Those moments that frustrate when ability or action is halted or some reason ... then it finally facking works.There is brutal and cunning marketing. That or they're really stupid.Do not buy it.Do not buy it.Do not buy it.Negatives outweigh the positives when you realize that marketing and production has injected it with all the nasty♥♥♥♥♥♥they can think of unnecessarily No-one wants to invest money in purchasing content you already own - It's intolerable!Would you rather invest time to earn credit to purchase game content (no $$). Of course you would! Would you consider paying to quickly hurry up the content purchase? Your choice...This option does not exist at all. Everything in the game you own costs extra real money to unlock. THIS IS ♥♥♥♥ING ABSURD.You will soon not care if it had potential; you will just want your money back in the end.
76561198211892640,Recommended,273350,20129129,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Mraidan4324,"This is indeed a fun game, but the computer you'll need to play this game with semi good qualitys is crazy. If this game didn't take so much to play the game i would play this forevery i mean forever... i myself this this is a ok game."
76561198077116655,Recommended,273350,14638183,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,HAVALNY БЛЭД,очень чёткая игра!
76561198118175948,Recommended,273350,19835994,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,VapeNation,Everytime i hear emet freak out its makes my day10/10 would rip♥♥♥♥♥♥off again
76561197985327066,Not Recommended,273350,14654068,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,RØDSPÆTTE™,but you need a very nice computer to run it smoothly guyz---a very highperformed extramegasupra sweeeshlaboomtchaagah wowybowy .yapyapDLCs TOO EXPENSIVE --- MONEY HORDING STYLE
,Recommended,273350,24992672,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Bonjour,its free ♥♥♥♥♥ why not good.only better to play squatted on table ♥♥♥♥♥.enjoy tovarishch!
76561198061577199,Recommended,273350,24271059,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,俐巧Broxy|Rcoりこう,"Do i recommend this game? Yes&NoJust realize their are major nerf  on this game.. and few bug that break the game completelty ..part that♥♥♥♥♥♥me off is , why in the world the monster becoming smaller and smaller?the origin size of the monster are great , its make the game thrill and  horror when hunt the monster , but now it like hunting a over grown chicken ! , the brightness of the map are ridiculous bright!!no where to hide around the environment .and the environment creature aint any threat to hunter and monster .. thats kind of funny ..the game great is the lighting are abit dark , not as dark as last before but not as bright as now .. their are point of it ..Monster aint felt like monster at all .. bring back the size of the monster , the origin size of it .  plus some skill like rock wall are PUNY AF , wth is that?dont change what ppl love about the game , change what ppl hate about the game ,Anti-cheat(last time tons of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ hacker that spoil the game) like micro transection(even though u guys fix it well GJ on that)Monster player need felt they are really a monster ! not playing as over grown chicken right ..that what i felt now player a monster though .same goes to hunter player .,PLease return the feeling  of the game ,,then again it freaking F2P , haizzz  ntg much will change over time .. n it gonna back to square one .."
76561197988681348,Not Recommended,273350,24303871,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,DavTheHatter,Well I paid for the game and extras now Iv lost everything. I would have recommended it but after this I don't feel like I can trust the people incharge and I can not recommend people put in any time or effort once again not because of the game but the corps who just wanted everyones money.
76561198135496162,Recommended,273350,14427507,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,it's high noon,FANTASTIC AMAZING GREAT THE BEST GAME EVAR!!!
76561198050092925,Recommended,273350,24310463,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Sushiking,i bought this game for like $60 bucks if i never remember wrongly and now its free?!?! Please at least refund me my $60.Or make it up to us that bought it with something else in game if not it just feels super unfair..............Other then that its a good game thats really exciting
76561198089554467,Not Recommended,273350,24284400,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,blazerodguy,"I've payed 64.99€ for this game, just to see it becoming completely free to play?Why didn't you just make it free to play in the first place?"
76561198014468716,Not Recommended,273350,24607128,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,ChickenStuff,So im never going to play this game again. and it's due to to the fact that areas thatvisible on the map thatapper as traversable are not actually. While playing the monster i went in to an area that appeared as being ok on the map only to be trapped in a dome that forces the monster to be in an area in which it loses automatically after 30 seconds.
,Not Recommended,273350,24171651,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,shadowfang557,"I bought this game when it came out, and now they give it away for free? ♥♥♥♥ YOU TURTTLE ROCK GIVE ME MY $60 back, you ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ other than that it's a decent game, don't play hunters without friends or at the very least a mic, n_n"
76561198067774312,Recommended,273350,14415094,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,JonBax,"Beautiful, Stunning, Fun, Interesting, Great. This is a Great Game! The Developers have delivered! Recommend!P.S. If u got the funds, buy Evolve PC Monster Race editon(Worth it).Happy Hunting!"
76561198122476087,Not Recommended,273350,15131405,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,slyDog,"constant price gouging for a broken game will drive anyone away. Terrible pricing for a terrible game. Running around the huge map, with little to no content, looking for ONE target. Horribly unbalanced. You can't play with friends. This game let me down alot.1/10 Terrible Matchmaking. You won't find a full lobby."
,Not Recommended,273350,18180387,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Panda,Just got kicked out of the game for not being signed into steam for the 3rd time. Takes 15mins to find team then you play hide and never find with the only monster in the game (you know exactly who).
76561198125480371,Recommended,273350,19817535,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,draheraseman,"Let's start this off with a discliamer. By no means is this game ever worth more than $20. The amount of DLC is  on the level of Payday 2 for about 2x the price. Not that any of the DLC is critical per say but it is still a bit annoying to find out half the damn roster is locked for not getting the premium version. So, the question...why would I recomend this game to anyone? Well, if you can get it for cheaper than $20 (i.e. durring a sale) it tends to pay you back. In all truth if you can A. get this game for around 66% off and B. play it with a few friends it is insanely fun. The hunters and monsters are for the most part balanced (I'm looking at you Laz and Wraith, you cheesy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s) and assuming you don't just sit on your laurals the maps are decently laid out as well. Matchmaking can be a bit slow hence the play with friends bit. Overall the game, though decidedly flawed, is still quite fun.6.5/10 at sale price (~$16.00 for base game and hunting pass bundle)4/10 at normal price (~$44.00 for base game)computer specs:nvidia gtx 960m graphics cardintel i7 processor (not overclocked)windows 1016gb ramNo trouble running the game on ""high"" graphics qulaity, haven't tried past that."
,Not Recommended,273350,20315192,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Tiller,I mean 40 dollars that is why too much for this game maybe like 30 25 dolllars is resonable but this is a great game get friends together and this game is just a blast i say its not wort 40 dollars but i only payed 16  so get this on saleEDIT: Well there goes my 16 dollars *slow clap*
76561198031278619,Recommended,273350,24213929,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Osiris,"now f2p, cool, means more players (hopefully) making less queue times. Hackers and cheaters will obviously be pulled into the mix, but im hopefull that the devs include a rigourous anti-hack system in it.Downsides to becoming f2p.Fewer game modes, they axed out most of the decent contentBasically re-RESET everyone's accounts to start from scratch again. Like they did in beta, but it was a beta and people went into the game knowing that.Here, we spent (some of us) nearly 100 dollars on game and additional content and now half of that content has been wiped and we're given a tissue  thats worth 3000 keys which doesnt even actually give enough to upgrade like..anything.Their new promo video for evolve stage 2 is like ""ooh we listen to everyone yay us we added things we're so open and helpful!""Yeah, right. let those of us who bought the game have REAL rewards. hell you're resetting everyone anyway, just refund everyone their money since we have to start at the same place as everyone else now.But coming in fresh? Yeah evolve in its core is a fun and enticing game, you'll enjoy it for the most part. The core mechanics of it were fun and the major detractor i had was the infinity that you had to wait for a game. So be glad that you didnt have to spend $120+ and have turtle rock just dash away like some nigerian prince."
,Recommended,273350,24214203,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Stalest Meme.t      m        l,"I like the game, I really do, and making it F2P was a step in the right direction, but why take out the evacuation game mode? It was a really cool and unique game mode and gave evolve a single player aspect. I really don't see what was wrong with it to take it out. Personally, I really enjoyed the random aspects of it and wish to see it back soon. I understand that it is still in the legacy version, but that version does not have all the new features of the new version."
76561198156642740,Not Recommended,273350,25567761,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,은서,Doesn't run very well sometimes and tends to lag alot. Don't recommend this game and overall not enjoying it
,Recommended,273350,24214295,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Guttz,"It was a awesome game before with some big issues, now with the relaunch its really great, they fixed a lot of balancing problems. Dont get me wrong a good player playing as the monster is op, but a group of good players on the hunters are also opieop."
,Recommended,273350,24493126,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,PicklesOnKrack,Great revison Of the first game!
76561198129594461,Not Recommended,273350,25048991,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Solar,"The monster of spider is so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥imba, can fight with that"
,Recommended,273350,24213860,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Bagern,"Great game, free-to-play finnaly lets me to find a match.."
76561198131391505,Not Recommended,273350,24648721,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Grim_Reaper38,"I really wanted this game to be what it promised....i bought this game and at first it was good despite what people said it was really fun....you all know this game was ruined by micro transactions. So now they made the game free and made everyone like me who bought the game feel like a moron....but whatevers free to play ment this game might come back to life....there are more players now and its not hard to find a match like it use to be......but this game if broken, frame rate is terrible, netcode is garbage....developers keep braging about how stage two fixes everything but why do i freeze mid battle in the air while the hunters magically telaport all around me.......Evolve your like that old beat-up first car that you hold onto till it finally breaks down on you in the middle of the highway....sorry old friend but its time to let you go and make room for new games"
,Not Recommended,273350,29798723,Posted: 9 February,all,General Lee Gay,Bought for sixty dollars. Where the ♥♥♥♥ is my refund?
76561198259614453,Not Recommended,273350,29805071,Posted: 9 February,all,KinderMan,this game sucks i bought it on a sale hoping it was good THE GAME IS DEAD
76561198035451435,Not Recommended,273350,25763852,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Leonidas,It was nicely balanced until they started to mess it up. And why do I need to play tutorial when I'm lvl 21?!
,Recommended,273350,24214205,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,drunkjoegaming,"I played this game when it first came out. I loved it, I also wanted everyone else to love it; however there were a multitude of problems from the start. Once you got leveled up a bit and unlocked a few hunters and monsters you learned that the game was unbalanced. The game was riddled with people playing the Wraith one of two ways; hide until stage 3, or throw a decoy and supernova to kill everyone. That lost a chunk of players right there.Then TRS and 2K deceided that they wanted to keep churning out DLC hunters and monsters. That's great, but they didn't look to really fix what was wrong with the game in its current state. Because of that, they lost even more players.I played this game a lot before it took 30 minutes or more to find a match. This was before ranked even came out, but I quit because the game just felt broken and I wasn't having fun.I was in the top 50 for Sunny, Goliath, Behemoth, Cabot, and Hank at one point, but I just gave up becuase of the wait times. But now, thanks to resurgence of players from going F2P (Something I wanted since launch), I played some more today and man was my passion for this game reignited. I was able to get into lobbies fast again; played quite a few games; even got a group of friends that I made from before together to have our own lobby. Memories were brought back and fun was had.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------If you didn't buy Evolve the first time around because of the DLC and PR fiasco, I urge you to give it a try now. There is no entry fee for you to pay to see if you like or don't like this game. There is no reason for you to sit down and give it thirty minutes of your time. Just go and experience a game that, in my opinion, is far superior to any asymmetric game I've played before.Pros:+Quite a selection of Hunters and monsters that you can unlock in any order you choose.+More balanced than before+Feels great when you overcome a well synergized team or a good monster.+Free to play completely, not even a way to purchase in game currenct at the moment.+Great graphicsCons:-Has a pretty steep learning curve.-Can feel unbalanced at times.-As hunter; teamwork is key. You will lose if you don't have it."
,Recommended,273350,29948615,Posted: 15 February,all,Meta knight,good game
,Recommended,273350,29602502,Posted: 31 January,all,76561197963745198,Yeah
,Not Recommended,273350,21439107,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Barrel Casket,"What is an interesting concept quickly devolves into ""finding the monster and beating him at stage 1"". The purchases within game for different colors of guns are pointless. I have not been able to play this game for fun online with the exceptions of with some friends.I would not suggest buying this game even if your friends have it as the cost for it is not worth the content. Try finding a free to play game instead.I rate Evolve 4/10. It could have been so much better and I was hyped for it, but ultimatly it was a dissapointment. No single player campaign, no real story, just do single missions or do five."
76561198201493798,Recommended,273350,29822458,Posted: 10 February,all,TiKoxer,bardzo fajna gra polecam lecz potrzebny wmiare dobry komputer
76561198123058755,Recommended,273350,29822475,Posted: 10 February,all,Binly_XD,ทำไม ไม่อัพเดท ว่ะ
,Not Recommended,273350,25931816,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Curtisonetwo,"R.I.P. to a great game. Turtle rock ruined this by removing the trapper, adding Currency, etc. ♥♥♥♥"
76561198009250555,Not Recommended,273350,24346049,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,IrishXP,"Well it was fun getting back into the swing of things in what was once a really fun game. This new version is just as fun up until you start facing hunters that do nothing but movement speed / climbing exploits making it near impossible to down anyone. Or the ever so clever Lazarus (and new medic that drops a rez becon down)  exploit where you hang outside the bubble for a few while your team dies to give them all the insta-revive.All these new patches and the game is still horridly buggy, crashes to desktop quite often (im on a 980gtx), multiple entering and leaving lobby in order to get what you actually want to play or have the game even launch.With all the bugs involved this game is still great fun but something has to be done about highter teir gameplay involving exploits."
76561198269053549,Recommended,273350,29956094,Posted: 15 February,all,Luis,This thing is AWESOME
76561198043030825,Not Recommended,273350,29809604,Posted: 9 February,all,nobodycares,"Originally bought this game with it's story mode a year ago. It was okay aside from being terrible unbalanced (played about 27 hours worth really) . Now i find out that the devlopers just gave up and decided to be underhanded and swap out the whole game for some half baked F2P FPS. I didn't pay for this game so it would end up BEING FREE.If i could get my money back, or credit! I would. This isn't the game I purchased and I'm not supporting devlopers who can't decide on what kind of product they're making.Garbage."
,Not Recommended,273350,24243691,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Eren-Jaeger,At first they made us pay around $40-$45 then switched the game to free to play. I call all of you who are involved in the making of this game as Thieves. Many people would agree with me!.
,Not Recommended,273350,24243753,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Polemos,"This game WAS fun, untill the update called ""Stage 2""I had maxed out some of the DLC characters adn some of the default characters, but the update ruined it. IT RESET EVERYTHING I HAD WORKED FOR! I had so much invested into some characters, but that didnt matter to them! THEY JUST WANT US TO BUY THE GAME BECAUSE OF OLD POSITIVE REVIEWS! This was one of my favorite games but I would rather play a glitchy browser game for $60 than this peice of complete garbage.2/10 would rather be sick for a week."
76561197988543116,Recommended,273350,24265109,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Gogogad,"I am a little bummed with the f2p model, seeing as i bought it.  But if it brings more players,  then its worth it."
,Recommended,273350,25172212,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,POTATOxSQUAD,its a good game.
,Recommended,273350,29717272,Posted: 5 February,all,BLuE.,Ai pa Pyro din tf2
,Recommended,273350,29751885,Posted: 6 February,all,Kalvin,Good if you have a good enough graphics card
,Recommended,273350,29733223,Posted: 5 February,all,Shade-Wolfs,amazing
76561198160584561,Recommended,273350,29710870,Posted: 4 February,all,FDS Chief,i like it and is really fun
76561198089319316,Recommended,273350,24265130,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Yellek,"Thing to remember about stage 2 is this...it's a ♥♥♥♥ing beta. People keep complaining that everything was taken out, well no♥♥♥♥♥♥if you actually play the game the maps even say beta rotation. The game is more of a skirmish game now I agree, there is literally no point to even try and use stealth, but to be fair the 4 maps you see in the beta are there to introduce you back into the evolved feel of the game. When the full stage 2 comes out, more maps, game modes, characters will be made availabe. So rather than listening to people who obviously know nothing about the BETA they are currently playing just go the developers website and see if it's your cup of tea. As a casual game, I can say I'm enjoying it for what it is, and what it could become. It is a little dissapointing as a founder to see that my 60 dollars has turned into 3000 keys. But if the game benefits from that expendature than I will gladly make that sacrifice. Remember boys and girls (mostly man children)...This is a BETA...."
76561198042432604,Recommended,273350,24318469,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,WMD || 69,"Even though evolve became free and allow you to buy anything you want and allows you to easily become elite status it is still af un game that is worth a try, its still a major title and this is a game you'll have to try out yourself to really decide if you enjoy it, plus how the ♥♥♥♥ can you complaing about a free game?"
76561197973570391,Recommended,273350,24243434,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,HugoSigil,"When it works, it REALLY WORKS and it's a fantastic experience! When it doesn't, it's a horrible crime against nature. It's free, give it a try.My recommendation, play the tutorial, play a few Hunt Training matches with a character or all of them so you know how they work, THEN go Online. Also, I find this game best to play with the XBox One Elite Controller with the paddels. Large left one for jumping and large right one for putting a ""look here"" beacon.Don't play against super high level experienced people at the start, they'll most definitely ruin it for you and not care."
76561198056323131,Not Recommended,273350,16067131,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Not DarkStick,"Took me about a week and I was done with the game. Nothing more to see, nothing more to do."
76561198243965308,Not Recommended,273350,31208005,Posted: 17 April,all,ᴵ ᴹ ᴾ,When it went F2P it didnt give me my money back. gamesux
76561198066974779,Not Recommended,273350,30044568,Posted: 19 February,all,Jordan4304,I'm still waiting for my exclusive monster from the pc master race.
76561198271816401,Recommended,273350,30000185,Posted: 17 February,all,莱昂纳多丶沃奇,This is very good game
,Not Recommended,273350,29997556,Posted: 17 February,all,Shejdy HawkServers.co,Overhyped game.Too bad its♥♥♥♥♥♥and nobody play it LULULULLULULULLULLULU
76561198049811520,Recommended,273350,24273790,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Sloth,"Personally, I liked stage 1, but It just lacked content. But now that it is f2p, it is a reeeeaaallly good game :D I really hope this gets the attention it deserves. Plus they keep adding content and new characters to play"
76561197978176608,Not Recommended,273350,24191385,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,WalkerTheBandit,Evovle 2 is nowhere near as good as the original version. I'm very disappointed. The characters have been nerfed while the monsters have the same power and health levels. Makes for a very boring one-sided game. I won't be playing it again.
76561198129026562,Recommended,273350,15143529,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,VisioN,This is a really cool game to play if only you understand the concept and what to do.
76561198038823310,Recommended,273350,18508033,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Bashy The Fetus Smasher,"One of the most fun games I've played in years,my friends and I have had a lot of fun with it."
76561198041869215,Recommended,273350,15147821,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Punky921,"I am absolutely loving this extremely technical, complicated, exciting shooter. You need a great team and a willingness to be a team player yourself. If you loved Left4Dead, but wished that there was some actual meaningful difference between Zoey, Coach, Bill, Rochelle, and Ellis, then you'll adore this game. If you loved Team Fortress, but you wanted the characters to be stronger, more adept, and to live longer under prolonged assault, then you'll adore this. Being the monster is not really my jam, but some people really love it.This is a really interesting evolution of shooters, and it's a damn sight better than Medal of Call of BattleZoneField XII."
76561198073300163,Recommended,273350,15160728,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,creepy animal gamer,okay evovle is not perfect but i really did enjoy it and still do. Just the idea behind this game is so cool and done so well and i like all of the charecters exept for you buckt! If this game ever does go on sale then i would say give it a shot yes it wont be the best game ever made but its a damn fun time for anyone who just wants to have fun and is it just me or does this game fll a lot like aliens vs predotors
76561198001262945,Recommended,273350,16219510,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Jones,Awesome 10/10
76561198019250900,Recommended,273350,15205304,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Atlas,"Very interesting a cool concept, and the atmosphere is great. Each character is very unique and (mostly) have their own playstyle. I don't find playing as monster quite as fun as hunter, but that's personal opinion. Balance changes are needed, but the game has pretty good potential to give you hours of fun."
,Recommended,273350,15456617,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,xShadowsaur,"A fun, interesting and beautifully made game that is also expensive. Best played with friends, as all multiplayer games. A Different and complex experience with a great deal of characters to play as. Also has the promise of further progress. I recommend.For a more complete review:https://xshadowsaurgaming.wordpress.com/2015/04/19/review-evolve/"
,Recommended,273350,18782871,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,The Duck Man,"This game is truly awesome, the people that downloaded evolve back when it came out deleted it/refunded it and they are not downloading evolve again because they still think it sucks, it does not. turtle rock, you have done a great great job and i can not wait for the new monster, i am truly amazed turtle rock and 2k, great work."
76561197991070053,Recommended,273350,18999395,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Kings Gambit,"This game was a lot of fun, i really enjoyed the little details they put into the game and the replayability, having said that i do think that after some time it loses its lackluster in the multiplayer after some time much like L4D. Having said that i would give this game an 7/10 and recommend it to my friends."
76561198144620478,Recommended,273350,16143849,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Hurricane Irma,"I haven't had this game for very long, but I have several things to say about it.  First off, it is true that a lot of the DLC should have come with the game, fine.  But that DLC isn't super important and shouldn't steer you away from buying the game.  But that's my biggest complaint.  The graphics are excellent, although my PC is incabable of running Evolve at high settings, even though it exceeds recommended requirements.  The gameplay is excellent, it really puts a unique spin on the FPS category, and has tons of replayability.  After all, the Evacuation gamemode has over 800,000 possible scenario combinations.  Wow.  So, my final thoughts are: even though there is some DLC content that should have come with the game, you move past that easily and this game becomes a truly amazing game."
76561198071578622,Recommended,273350,19182032,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Mortemor (SubHam),I absolutly love this game to death Highly recomened it i just need people to play it now it's so so sad that this game is dead
76561198120474690,Recommended,273350,19182865,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Carscott01,this games awesmazing
76561198252595434,Recommended,273350,19055991,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,PickleTickler,"Great game, but a bit of a money maker. DLC's should be cheaper."
,Recommended,273350,20099239,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Snaxx,"For $14 I got to lurk in the shadows and be the big bad, picking off people one by one. I can see that there is an agressive DLC policy being played, but at the sale price it was a no brainer.The standard edition gives you 60% of the hunters. The deluxe, 80%.Also, no map packs are sold, they are free. This keeps the community together. Good, becuase it is small.I'm really enjoying it."
,Recommended,273350,20099543,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,m3chladon,"Bought on sale, not it's all I play it seems. Very addicting."
,Recommended,273350,19452943,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Syler,"Solid game, needs more content and monsters in the future to stay viable."
,Recommended,273350,20074340,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,.sileZn,"Great Game with a huge potential, but sadly dlc politics destroyed it.positiv:+ fun gameplay+ Nice Character design+ great graphics+ great performancenegativ:- dlc's- most of the time less than 1000 players (world wide) (but you still find games under ~5minutes, right now in the winter sale even faster)"
76561197970418151,Recommended,273350,15452345,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Klaxon,"I can not believe the number of negative reviews. Clearly those people have had a different experience from me. I can only guess they were expecting something that that game is not. Here are some things that potential players should be aware of:1. It is not call of duty. You will not be firing your gun 100% of the time and you will have to be cunning as both mosnter and hunter.2. It requires patience. If you have no patience, this is a bad game for you.3. Hunters require good teamwork, which can be difficult with strangers. If you can find even a single friend to play it with, your experience will be totally different.Bear those things in mind and it is an awesome game. The concept, the balance, the tactics, the atmosphere are all brilliant. Thoroughly recommend it."
,Recommended,273350,15120620,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Super Minh,This game is fun but it gets old when you playing for a while!
,Recommended,273350,15145054,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Zivalene,"If you think a great game is constituted by aesthetics and paintjobs to your weapons, do not get this game.If you think that a great game is constituted by enjoyable gameplay, variety of playable characters, balanced 4 versus 1 ingenuity and multiplayer support, get this game!Developed by the creators the Left 4 Dead series, Evolve has taken the four-player Co-op formula Turtle Rock is known for and turning it into a futuristic game of deadly hide-and-seek, where the hunters need to track down and defeat the single player/AI-controlled Monster or risk becoming the prey themselves. WIth 12 Hunters and 3 Monsters by default, Evolve gives you a good range of characters to choose from, each offering thier own approach to the game allowing players of any style to find thier niche, whether it be attacking the Monster directly, keeping the team alive with sheilds and healing or debuffing the Monster. With the newly added Monster and 4 new hunters, the variety continues to grow.  While the progression system may be annoying if all you want is to play as a third tier character, it gives you a feeling of accomplishment when your weapons get stronger as your become more proficient with your selected character. And yes, you can earn skins this way.If you like Left 4 Dead, you will like this game. Playing alone is always an option, but playing with friends to help you get through the Monster-infested planet of Shear is always a plus."
,Recommended,273350,15146482,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Numn Nutts,"Yes I think this game is fun and worth owning, No I dont think that the price they are asking for is reasonable. If you can get this game for < 40 I'd say its worth it, but only if you dont get envious of everyone having characters that you can't obtain unlesls you pay another 40.... ... then after you pay that 40 you will see it has an * that says you get the 5th monster not the 4th one... .... pretty upset about that.Games like ShadowRun and Brink both flopped after initial release and I am worried that Evolve might do the same here down the line. One major thing they had in common was there was only a skirmish mode and its either online or bots. I feel like a lot of people dont find games like that to be full games even though you only really play games online with your friends anyways.OH that leads me to my last point, ONLINE WITH FRIENDS... you cant play monster with your friends unless you play custom, and then you dont have a full game lobby and bots have to fill. Leading to everyone yelling you only won because we had to deal with bots on our team. Why would I want to buy 15$ monster after I spent 100 and you cant even play the monster with your friends.So much complain yet a positive review? Yes I love this CONCEPT, Ive been working on a game in my spare time that will display similar game principles and mechanics for quite some time now and probably other AAA's will push games out similar to this if this game is succesful, bring this genre to light!!!!"
,Recommended,273350,30104061,Posted: 22 February,all,1029384756aw,"Pros: awesome combattons of detailvery creativelots of fun in generalcons: requires online for most features (c'mon.. think kansas.. poor internet floods our state)sometimes, the game's graphic's will go crazy, as if lagging extremely bad (like when a youtube video fails to load the vast majority of the frames). I've tested to ensure its the game, not my computer, by running other even more extensive programs like loading one of my largest photoshop files.. They worked fine. Just the game that didn't want to."
,Recommended,273350,19606624,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,saint.,YASS SUCH FUN PLAYING WITH FREINDS!
,Not Recommended,273350,25039274,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Fowl,"Its looks good and is unique - those are its good points, yet 80% of the time your too frustrated by the game to notice. It still has game breaking bugs and now a few hackers with no report system. The community is a frenzy of people screamning hunters/monster op - the game cant provide to all skill levels. It wasnt worth the money in stage 1 and stage 2 improved it but couldnt make it good enough to be worth your time.Also remember the game is in its prime at the moment, i imagine its only downhill from here.GG this game literally kept me up at night out of frustration in stage 1 and i only played it cos i had nothing better to do, now improvments have been made - enough to reduce the frustration but instead of revealing a better game, there is just another layer of dissapointment."
76561198026651191,Recommended,273350,30791232,Posted: 28 March,all,Doc P,i totaly love this GAME omg <3
,Recommended,273350,25075590,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,3mad3,"the unbalanced game that they buff and nerf something with every god damn update, still a fun game to play with friends"
76561198288574944,Recommended,273350,29451786,Posted: 23 January,all,Levios,"really fun game just disappointed that there are no more updates, was hoping for more monsters and not just variants of the existing ones either"
,Recommended,273350,29470459,Posted: 24 January,all,Androox,Fun free to play game !
76561198049771741,Recommended,273350,12756202,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,mekonium,omg this game is amasing
,Recommended,273350,19530845,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,XRAYCAT,I find this game fun and visually pleasing. Bought on special and definitely not regretting it.
76561197998763001,Recommended,273350,30210333,Posted: 26 February,all,elsonnigel,its good game
76561198183271419,Recommended,273350,30129707,Posted: 23 February,all,Daknox,OMG ITS SO LIT
76561198253857824,Recommended,273350,30032403,Posted: 19 February,all,Microsoft Excel,people are saying its dead buut it still means you can you play the game and have fun in it                                                              great game would recommend
76561198083993916,Recommended,273350,30192687,Posted: 26 February,all,steven,Awesome
,Recommended,273350,30206671,Posted: 26 February,all,Wolfskey,i love this game it is so fun and so enjoyable
,Recommended,273350,30209180,Posted: 26 February,all,KGmoney,Pretty fun :)
,Recommended,273350,24385197,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,aaronsfury ^___^,"I would reccomend this game to a friend, I did pay for the game when it came out and I did not like it very much and did not come back to it.  Now that F2P is out many of my friends are playing and I can enjoy the game again and probably play more than the 5 hours I did after initially buying the game. Thank God for F2P content is nothing without players :)"
,Recommended,273350,19829849,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Jibaku,"One of a kindIf you want an ever changing gameplay, this is the one for you."
,Recommended,273350,24626215,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Gorilla,"Extremly fun to play with friends its a coop game after all and the community it the opposite of game like LoL and Cs:GO. Ethier people dont talk to you( often because they dont now how to(G)) or they use usefull callouts and are very friendly.They may have some very OP monsters/hunters but am sure that the ones that are OP wont be that forever.Two problem that i have with this game1. There is only a very boring/few sets of cosmetics for weapons and Hunters and the badge system is incredebly boring, it would be better if turtlerock inplemented a badge system similar to the ones in call of duty and battlefeild where you can make your own badges with shapes.2. Kraken and wraith overpowered in good hands. Gorgon and goliath Underpowered in everyones hands.8/10 Its free now so people are playing with me :)"
,Recommended,273350,24948865,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,SquidJuice,best game ever 9.5/10
76561198128629016,Recommended,273350,33980943,Posted: 2 August,all,Shrek,I personally love Stage 2 and the changes made getting rid of the stealth aspect was wierd but at least the hunters arent having their first encounter with the monster when its stage 3. Also the fact thats its free to play made it way easier and faster to get into a match due to more players soo thats nice. All in all if i had the option to change the game i wouldnt.
76561198084528465,Recommended,273350,24280062,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Rikkiji,"The queing system needs to get fixed so bad.When grouping with one mate, the one not leader gets tossed out of que when finding the rest of the players. Then when the map vote starts there are just 4 players in the game, (and when trying to invite him again, he gets the ""Lobby is full"").The one getting kicked get message that ""Lobby is full"".Pretty please fix this, takes 5-15min to get ingame together.."
76561198020099135,Not Recommended,273350,24339291,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Alan Johnson,"At the time of writing thumbs down. After being able to play it perfectly before it went F2P I reinstalled and booted up to find strange graphical artifacts that required deleting userdata for Evolve to fix, only to find that I am now locked on minimum graphical settings with advanced being greyed out. Awesome..."
76561198007961070,Not Recommended,273350,21572547,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,D4rkp00n3rxd,"This game  and i quote used to be fun as hell, when it went fre ei had so much fun with a particulair medic, and now i have to pay ♥♥♥♥ing 5 euros to get a pack that contains a merc? real money for mercs?♥♥♥♥♥♥teh ♥♥♥♥ of fbloody♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is nto worth for me to play anymore ♥♥♥♥ this micro transaction ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥te."
76561198144950619,Recommended,273350,24400902,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,simonbk1,im sadi got this for me and a friend for 120 $
76561198192075514,Recommended,273350,19467954,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Monkey Mancer,"I love this game with all the custimization options and acheivments.This is the funist game to earn acheivements. The elite skins are a pain and pleasure to earn and when you do you feel very rewarded. Even with my ok comp i can still run this game and have fun even if it is only like 40 fps. Anyways i love this game and highly recomend it, when i feel bad after working or school, this game makes me feel better and smile. BTW Bucket is awesome."
,Recommended,273350,33341203,Posted: 7 July,all,Indian Street Shitter,"Really wish this game didn't die, should of just been free to play right off the bat, would of gone a hell of a lot better."
,Not Recommended,273350,14438519,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,kaakao,UPDATED UPDATED REVIEW:YA DONE ♥♥♥♥ED IT UP AGAIN.9/11 ANELE
,Not Recommended,273350,29856915,Posted: 11 February,all,GGZ no shoushitsu,"This game is a freaking malware, it will make you´r computer stop working after starting a game, pls, never install it, do you´r self a favor and go play hello kitty online instead"
76561198323977831,Recommended,273350,30178608,Posted: 25 February,all,Darknrol,Well i actually realy like this game but the gorgon skins suck
76561198118110400,Recommended,273350,17992866,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,TnT181,ye
76561198008016832,Recommended,273350,21947678,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Judaes,"Had an old review complaining about the price point... well... now it's free to play.It's also an excellent and rewarding free-to-play system with ABSOLUTELY NO POWER-PURCHASING.As for the actual game itself, it's very teamwork oriented and ability driven. It offers a unique 1v4 pvp experience. Unlike most FPS's, strategy and positioning matters A LOT in this game.The graphics, story, and immersion is also obviously AAA and you can download it for free.Just try it. I've got 700 hours or whatever and I'm still going strong."
76561198044717385,Not Recommended,273350,26970479,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Everybody,"Tank didn't know how to use jetpack or really anything, team blames me for the loss.4/10 enjoy the game but the player base is very toxic."
,Recommended,273350,30050143,Posted: 19 February,all,Dino Boyz,meh
76561197970581985,Recommended,273350,25288598,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,krueo,"Since the Stage 2 Update this game is better than ever.I mean, it allready was good, but the waiting times were too long and the start of evety game was like a walking simulator for the first minutes.They fixed these two downsides and made a VERY good game out of it. Every map is thrilling and close to the end.I love it!"
,Not Recommended,273350,29414657,Posted: 21 January,all,xSeereID,"YEP, JUST INSTALLED THIS GAME YESTERDAY AND GONNA UNINSTALLGraphic: 5/10Gaming Experience: 0/10Reason: JUST TRY IT. NO NEWBIE GONNA MAKE IT ALIVE EVEN VERSUSING AI MONSTER.MONSTER ALWAYS GO AWAY, THEN EVOLVE, TEAMMATE (NPC) IS AS IDIOT AS EVER. IT RIDICULOUSLY ♥♥♥♥ING LONG JUST TO RESPAWN, OMG WORST GAME EVER."
,Recommended,273350,24182431,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Shred,"Just to note, around 60 hours of my playtime is from before the game went F2P.Since the switch - wow.  They listened to all the community feedback and hunt mode has been retuned to provide more consistent action.  The days of the monster running and hiding until stage 3 are gone.  Stage 1 fights are far more common now and with the changes to monster skill point distribution they're less of a death sentence now.  As monster i'm averaging a couple of intense dome fights per stage, all of which feel winnable.  As hunter there's far less of a focus on a very coordinated team, individual hunters can break off in prediction of the monster and dome him for their team to catch up and it feels more like individual skill comes into play more than how good the rest of your team is.I'll admit I did very much enjoy nest mode and am slightly saddened to see only hunt available in matchmaking, but this is still only the F2P beta and I understand focusing on making hunt as good as it can be before diverting resources to other game modes.The in-game currency seems to drop readily enough to begin with that even a brand new player can purchase a couple of hunters and a monster in a day or two of casual play.  May change at the higher levels but at low level it seems very fair to get you started.All in all, a great transition to F2P with seemingly everything earnable entirely in game without excessive grinding."
,Not Recommended,273350,29239465,Posted: 13 January,all,ShlongMehong,Thanks for makeing me pay then all of a sudden make it F2P F*** you devs
76561198085989606,Not Recommended,273350,28383612,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,TurtleTyrant,I have played many a game and this one has alot of potential. Its fun when with a group yes but when one is playing by themself the game lacks alot. Getting rid of the storyline for one was a huge mistake. Got rid of the immersion factor. Also its a major ptw. You have to buy everything in order to play anything. Right now theres a major glitch plagueing the servers. I can't even play a custom/v.s A.I game without getting kicked from the lobby and then PENALIZED for getting kicked. I hope they work on this and change my current attitude.
76561198022296648,Not Recommended,273350,28344564,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,MilkBoyTeo,"Servers are dead and no balance changes have been made by the devs, it was a hype ruse to get our money, and now it is a dead game."
76561198036997440,Recommended,273350,14712022,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Loli Fondler,"Edit:Evolve has recently announced that it's going free to play. I'm glad, because I feel this is a step in the right direction for the game, and I totally ♥♥♥♥in called it in this previously negative review.Too linear. Too Repetitive. Too Expensive. Too Boring.Any of these four traits, even individually, break games.Evolve has the misfortune of having them all wrapped in one lackluster package.Too Linear;There's not much variety in this game. TRS will try to sell it to you in the form of ""huge amounts of possibilities"" with their Evacuation mode. But at the end of the day these are just variables that barely affect gameplay on the same maps.Too Repetive;You're going to be doing the exact same thing nearly every damn game. Running, or chasing. As the monster this admittedly can be a lot of fun. You'll get a rush here and there with close escapes or near death encounters with the hunters but eventually the shine will wear off and those once fun scenarios will only frustrate you. As the hunters? Hah. The early game of cat and mouse is about as exciting as running in circles while your team of randos stand idly by waiting for ♥♥♥♥ing birds to tell you which direction you need to wandering in.Too Expensive;If this game was 30 USD I'd accept the huge costs on DLC. But it's not. And it's going to be a damn shame when this game is dead because of it. Left 4 Dead 2 has a larger monthly playerbase than this over priced moneygrab.  If you're considering buying this wait until it goes on sale in 2016 for 5 ♥♥♥♥in dollars like Titanfall did. It'll go free to play, calling it now. The system for paid content is already in place.Too Boring;In case I didn't make it clear before; THERE IS ABSOLUTLY NOTHING FUN about chasing something faster than you, that knows where you are, and can move perfectly silently and leave zero tracks when it needs to. 70% of the match against a sneaky monster player is a good long stare at the gray, oversaturated scenery. The other 10% is you dying to a stage 2-3 monster. And the last 20% is the ♥♥♥♥ing post game porgression system that does nothing but hide content from you.I had hope for this game. I really did. But it died when I realized the devs had no ♥♥♥♥ing sway over the games future. You can thank 2K for that."
,Recommended,273350,20180747,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Aracnoss,"Once you get past the controversy of the DLC, which I will agree is a stupid move on 2Ks part. It is a decent game for what it entices, a 4v1, HerosvBoss, kinda battle.I certainly recommend this game, though, if you can, I'd say wait for a sale and get it on a better deal."
76561198119813332,Recommended,273350,29689128,Posted: 4 February,all,QuynhLaZy,great game
76561198251285656,Recommended,273350,29993499,Posted: 17 February,all,32mace,my Processor : i5-3470my Graphics Card : Intel (R) HD Graphics 1.7 GBmy RAM : 8GBmy space : 500GBAND IT WORKS ON 3 FPS !
76561198009477417,Recommended,273350,19595060,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Kyle,"Excellent graphics and audio. Well designed maps and cut scenes. Really do love the game.A update to multiplayer hunt added a match making system to find players of similar skill based on their rank.But when playing as a hunter the rank system is formed from your teams win and losses, your rank has only 25% representation of your individual skill, making it somewhat irrelevant.Also after each round I have no idea how my team did point wise. Would be nice to see that our medic placed 10000 damage or 30 damage, I think the only fps to not show points of all players after a round."
,Recommended,273350,19766461,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Nox,Founder of Evolve. Now its F2P and Yes Go PLAY IT!
76561198117315554,Recommended,273350,21649725,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Tyrion Lannister,"Excellent game. This game as change a lot since it's release, you could even say it has evolved. I can always find a game FAST and have seen tons of new players since Stage 2 began. I have played a lot of this game so i can truely say it very well balanced. Turtle Rock is always adding more and more content. Lots of fun, One of my favorite games of all time 11/10! Thank Your TRS for never giving up and being so persistent."
76561198025175577,Recommended,273350,12754608,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,nokillz,"I've put about 12 hours into the alpha and there are a few great things and a few not so great things.So starting off with the good:1. Being able to switch who you want to play as in every gameBeing the monster is fun, being a healer is fun, all the classes are fun but noone wants to do the same thing all the time.You can change your preferences after every game which keeps the game fresh. I got my first pick approx. 80% of the time which was good enough for me.2. Every match is differentNo matter which monster you get or what character you play no two games are alike. I think this will go a long way towards ensuring this game can be played for many hours without getting boring.3. Visuals and sound are goodI think the graphics are pretty great, althout I am playing on 2x R9 290's. The sounds are exciting and in stereo which gives and idea of where things are happening and which direction you should be going.4. Hunter mechanicsI've played each character quite a bit and they each have unique abilities and play styles. The weapons make sense with their roles and althout I didn't experience any sure fire meta comp become unbeatable. It's also nice you can play a role but with variations base on the actual character you choose.Ok, no so good1. Load timesThis was the most painful part of the alpha and hopefully it will be fixed before the release. I spent nearly as much time waiting for games to start and finish and I did actually playing. If this doesn't change be prepared to spend alot of time tabbed out while you wait.2. Character progressionLeveling up characters is based on how much dmg/healing you do in matches. The rewards for leveling are mostly un noticeable and don't really give a feeling of accomplishment. Also most of the rewards went completely unused (do I really care if I can reload 10% faster). The devs need to more some more thought into character progression and give us a reason to be leveling up. Also it would be nice if I could see what types of dmg/healing I need to work on before a match, not just see the results afterwords.3. Monster is kindoff boringI played the monster mostly just to get access to the kraken and once I did pretty much stopped. Maybe it's because the content was limited in the alpha but I just don't get why i'm supposed to be playing the monster. Basically the idea at this point is run and hide until your max level/shield and then go for the power station. We need more reason than that to be playing solo against 4 people in a group.4. Which buttons do I push?In the alpha there was no way to practice with a character or monster which meant basically sucking and dying fast or hurting your team until you've picked up the basics. Hopefully later versions will enable a practice arena so I can hone my skills before trying things out for realSummaryOverall it was fun and pretty much what I expected. I'm not sure how much staying power the game will have unless they introduce alot more types of games. 2 monsters vs 8 hunters anyone? I'll be playing it for sure and I expect to see alot more content with the beta."
76561198058858956,Recommended,273350,14459369,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Sir Goobster,"I pre-ordered the Evolve before it became Stage 2. Payed $80 and was extremly sad to see the game dying with such an aggressive DLC and double season pass. However, with them becoming ""Stage 2"" and going F2P, is such an amazing step in the right move. Matches have been reduced from 20 minutes to around 5-10 minutes. Monsters are stronger, much stronger. Gameplay is fast, you get to the action pretty fast. Fights are thrilling and you can't look away for a second. Winning as a hunter or a monster is satisfying. The feeling of earning it. The game is going in a very nice direction and it's definatly worth a play. Enjoy!---------FOUNDERS & PREVIOUS PLAYERS---------Now as buying the game previously I earned the rank of ""Founder"". The rewards in the very beggining were very poor. 3000 keys ,which doesn't buy anything, a couple animated badges, and a ton of skins (however which I had most of these so). BUT, the most recent patch gave all founders 27,000 extra keys. 2K and turtlerock have promised that founders rewards will constantly get better and will be continuous. I know, I miss the slow mythoticle search for the monster, those moments of silence not knowing where the monster is. It was all so satisfying. However, it drove lots of people away having to put aside 20 minutes for a single match. The game is going in the right direction, and has tons of room to keep growing. Stick with it. You'll get constant rewards and it'll get better. I love this game and I'm going to see where it goes, I suggest you do the same."
,Not Recommended,273350,14429391,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,The original slothy bastard,"Ok so I had to edit this review 4 days after writing it. Why? Because everybody unlocked the last tier of hunters. If you are the monster don't bother running. You'll die tired. The last tier of hunters is incredibly broken with broken abilities that make it painful to play as the monster. Its not a challenge its simply not fun. A medic who does the equivalent of a 3rd of your health with each grenade in her semi automatic grenade launcher that reloads faster than a pistol, a trapper who can paralyze you and track you for as much as 1 minute at a time on top of putting tracking darts in your food. A support who does an insane amount of damage makes you vulnerable to more damage and drops a tracking cloud that I swear covers half the map. And the final assault who does an insane amount of damage beyond faster than should be fair.If you see all of these in lobby just quit. You won't win. Its not fun and once the balancing is fixed I will play this game again because the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ part is this game has a FANTASTIC set up. Its fun its challenging you feel like your accomplishing something but you can't have fun when one side has a massive advantage. I haven't won a single match as a monster in 5 days because of this. What's that say about your balancing?"
,Recommended,273350,14425556,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,BecomingQuantum,A great game but still needs to be rebalanced for the most part (kraken in rescue mode and wraith in general)This game is a 8/10 but the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ marketing made it feel like a 3/10 day one dlc is not acceptable and i dont know what made them think it was acceptable it needs to be a full game and if im paying $70 CAD then i expect a full god damn game not $60 in dlc for skins which is pretty sickining.8/10 gameplay1/10 DLC5/10 replayability3/10 content (on release)----------------making the game for me 5/10But im just a guy sitting in a chair eating nachos so your opinion is your own.
76561198032943425,Recommended,273350,14454465,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,VectorX,"Most of the reviews as of late is nerd rage over the pricing.  Not really helpful when it comes to actual game play.  Here's the skinny:The game itself is ""repetitious"" by nature, JUST LIKE L4D, yet people STILL play L4D.  Why?  Because each game ISN'T like the last.  So please, find a better excuse to rage.  The game does play similarly to L4D, but goes further by adding class specialties and monster variation.Hunters:There are 4 basic class types with (currently) 3 different character for each: Support, Medic, Assault, Trapper.  The brilliant part of this game is the need for all of them.  There isn't a single class you wouldn't be hurting without.  And in that way, it makes it fun to play as any of the classes.  Bad assault-ers means you're likely going to be killed before you can kill the monster.   Bad Support-ers means no damage boost and lower utility overall (class abilities for support includes a UAV, tracking AOE dust, and a damage dealing missile barrage).  Bad Medics mean you die (and in the case of Lazarus, have to wait for an air drop).  Bad Trappers are scary, they can easily segment your team or keep you from getting to the monster.The flip side to all of this is, when you have a cohesive team, you can really tell and it's very rewarding.  2K made tracking the monster a challenge and the low lighting mixed with tangled and rough terrain make the hunt more exciting.Monsters:They're still balancing things, but the monsters are also fun to play as.  As long as you are staying competitive in building yourself up while balancing that with the whittling the hunters down, the fights are very fair.  Because the hunters don't level up or grow more powerful as the round progresses, there's a very tangible sense of urgency as the monster grows.  This feeds greatly into the need for feeding and hiding until the opportune moment (which may not necessarily be at level 3).TL;DRThe game is super fun (assuming you don't get a team full of Rambos).  Is it worth the money?  The base game, yes.  The DLC is ALWAYS UP TO YOU STOP RAGING </rage>.  As 2K announced, you won't be kept from playing in matches against/with people who have the DLC.  Considering this isn't pay2win and ALL the hunters AND monsters are being constantly balanced, this isn't going to hit a wall.  You want the monsters and hunters?  PAY FOR IT.  They didn't lie to you and tell you the season pass was for everything.  If you bought it, you knew what you were getting.  I think the game is a great piece of work and INCREDIBLY fun.Edit:It was requested I give more detail on the actual play out of the game.You select your job class based on preference.  The system checks everyone elses preferences and assigns classes based on that (conflicts result in switching on each round).  Once you pick you class, you pick your perk (which you gain on leveling) and you get dropped from an airship after some witty banter and possible sexual innuendo.Upon hitting the surface, you have to use the environment around you to track the monster.  Monsters running along will leave tracks (which are lit up to help you follow them) and monsters who kill and eat other animals leave behind carcasses and disturb wild life (which also show up to the hunters to track).Lest you think being the monster is all about running away, you'd be wrong.  Aside from hiding and waiting for an ambush, you can also mess with the hunters by crawling around (not leaving any tracks) and then setting off indicators far away (to confuse the ever living daylights out of them).  Some of the monsters have the ability to grab a hunter and carry them away to be chased by the team.  Other monsters are simple brute force, squish your opponents type, and still others are a combination.  Being a monster requires you to be clever.  You may be a brute, but you can still die easily if you just charge in.  Monsters have 4 skills that you can choose to level as you eat other animals and evolve.  So eat heartily and stalk your prey."
,Recommended,273350,14416048,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,MAMEiac,"Having played through both Alphas and the Beta I went from being a big fan of Left 4 Dead and skeptical of whether the interesting ideas for Evolve would work to true believer. While I'm sure there are things TRS can do to make the game better (that would be true of pretty well everything out there) the game is extremely strong out of the gate bringing new ideas and new experiences to the table.Words of warning:- If you have a seething hatred for all things DLC you probably already hate the game, though their scheme (when compared to the likes of Battlefield/CoD/etc) is actually the best concept I've seen with free maps and modes with an ability to play _with_ all new characters, just not _as_ if you don't buy- Starting out in multi-player, if you get in with people who are experienced, is a bit like starting out in Counter-Strike, expect to be a bit frustrated until you understand what's going on and what to do. The tutorials are actually full of sound advice but particularly if you're matched up as Monster against an organized group there is a learning curve to being effectiveFor me this is like a Reese's Peanut Butter cup in a game, mixing my favorite role-based elements of Team Fortress 2 with the crazy tension and excitement of Left 4 Dead."
,Recommended,273350,14437263,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,The Jester of Tortuga,Stock game is worth the price of admission.  DLC isn't necessary since fun levels are already 11/10.
,Recommended,273350,14565373,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Archebold,"One of my favourite games of all time, most, if not all of the negative reviews are for there being 'not enough players' but that has been fixed, and let me tell you that the game is just as much fun as it used to be. I highly recommend Evolve if you are looking for a challanging FPS game.9.5/10"
,Recommended,273350,14656415,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Haruki,"A great game despite of the hype haters out there complaining about dlc's business model, lack of content or repetitive gameplay. It's a awesome experience to play with friends, and alone as monster role. But be warned, it's a pvp game, not a single-player-own-the-pc-AI-non-challenging sort of game. It's not easy to master, but every game can be a exhilarating new experience!"
76561198104174141,Recommended,273350,14437575,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Gotkush,Great game. You don't need DLC. So don't listen to the whiners complaining. Excellent game!
,Recommended,273350,14522876,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Discosaurus Rex,"This game is a awesome, fun filled experience! I recomend anyone to get this game, it will be worth your money. Its always different and theres nothing else then being the monster killing all of your hunters."
76561197971619912,Recommended,273350,14437528,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Shock4ndAwe,"To conduct this review properly we need to go through a little bit of disambiguation: First and foremost, you need not purchase anything other than the base game to currently enjoy Evolve to it's fullest. A lot of reviewers have been incorrectly stating that without buying the Deluxe or PC Monster Race editions you are essentially locked behind a pay-wall. That is completely false. All twelve hunters and three monsters are available in the base game so long as you are skilled enough to unlock them.Second, the only DLC that is currently available for Evolve are Monster and Hunter skins. The same exact thing that is sold in almost every game that allows you to customize your character. Also, the skins do nothing but alter certain portions of your character. They do absolutely nothing else. So, really, there is no meaningful day one DLC. Certainly nothing as nefarious as Ubisoft's attempt to split the community depending on who you preordered from with Watch_Dogs.With that out of way lets get into the actual review of the game:Evolve is a multiplayer, action/FPS hybrid. You play either as a ghastly Monster trying to survive as hunters track you, or a colorful assortment of hunters trying to put the boot down on some ugly critter. You will get the most bang for your buck by playing with friends and diving into the multiplayer portions, though there are solo modes in which you can practice playing as the Monster or the hunters.Evolve shines with it's frenetic multiplayer action. Fights are generally fast paced, but this isn't your typical arena shooter. The monster can---and will---try and trick you. Games can last anywhere from a few minutes, to thirty, depending on the skill of the Monster and the players you're grouped with. The flagship mode Hunt is probably where you'll spend most of your time. Your objective is simple: If you're the Hunter, find the Monster and eliminate him...or survive until the time runs out. If you're the Monster, your objective is normally to destroy the power generator, though I find it much more delightful to turn the tables on my would-be hunters and turn them into oddly shaped blood sprays on the wall.A headset is a MUST, and if you don't believe me, try getting eaten by a plant---or being grabbed by one of Shear's nasty non-Monster critters---and having your entire team run away because they couldn't hear your character's death warble. You simply will NOT be effective when trying to communicate by using text chat. Games are won and lost by the communication of the people playing them. If you're not comfortable using a microphone, THIS GAME IS NOT FOR YOU. You're doing a huge disservice to your teammates by being incommunicado.Game performance is excellent: You don't need a monstrous(pun intended) rig to play this game, though every little bit certainly helps.There are a few bugs which I'd be remiss by not mentioning, however. The cursor can sometimes be visible when playing a game. Spamming the Steam overlay sometimes gets rid of it, as does deactivating it in the Steam settings entirely. Bucket's UAV drone controls are still as bad as they were in the beta, though I'm unsure whether this is a bug or by design. Certain character actions can bug out and show as not working when, in fact, they are. For instance, Hyde's flamethrower animation sometimes doesn't enable, even though he is in fact spraying flames.Matchmaking, for the most part, works flawlessly. A few games you might be chosen as the Monster even if you're in a party with friends. When that happens just cackle gleefully into the microphone as you eviscerate them and gulp down their corpses.Is this game for you? Ultimately you are the deciding factor when purchasing a game. Do you like multiplayer games where you MUST work as a team to win? Do you like being outnumbered, outgunned and on the run as you try and turn the tables on the people hunting you?Is it worth $60? In my humble opinion, I would say yes. For $60 you get 12 hunters, three monsters, multiplayer and singleplayer functionality, 12 maps that can change drastically while playing the Evacuation game mode, and free map and mode updates. To me that is certainly worth $60.Despite the minor issues listed above, this game truly is fantastic. It combines a novel idea with fantastic, synergistic gameplay in a way that hasn't been done before. Don't let the reviews of petulant children, who are often misinformed about the title they are bashing, dissuade you from playing a game where you DON'T need any of the offered DLC to enjoy it."
76561197993569599,Not Recommended,273350,14438788,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,O.o,"Overall the game is fun for a while, very repetetive. Even playing the beta I was getting a bit worn out of doing the same thing over and over. I also think that the lack of other good FPS games in recent history made it a better time than it would've been otherwise. Like with lots of other users it's the pricing model. I considered it, since their pricing model means DLC post release has an exorbitant cost. Honestly it was the way they introduced all this dlc, like ""We're doing you a favor, give us money now or you'll regret it later."" Which just makes me think ""♥♥♥♥ you and your game.""Because of this Turtle rock and 2k won't see my business for the foreseeable future.Overall Evolve is fun, but 2 weekends was enough for me to get over it- didn't even play it most of the second weekend because another game was on a free weekend and frankly was more fun.Sooo please don't buy, not worth the pricetag, especially not the DLC. Paying them regardless will just promote this kind of attitude in future releases. I know if you're 12 and your mom buys your games you probably don't care, but adults please boycott. I'm pretty bummed that it's currently Steam's #1 top seller. Vote with your wallets!"
76561197967846502,Not Recommended,273350,14657546,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Varion,It's a shame Turtle Rock didn't ship a game. The abominable lobby system with fluctuating stat servers has leeched my desire to play the game. The campaign mode doesn't really work. Add that to being forced to play my least preferred class more often than my chosen class and it's just not a game I can recommend anymore. This is a pity because the artists did a good job and the game can have some heart pounding moments. Pit this against all the other games that are vying for attention and I don't know why you would buy this.
76561198035493868,Recommended,273350,14457505,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,mrTOUCHER,"There is ALOT of false information regarding DLC and EVOLVE.1- All characters/monsters can be unlocked, for free, rather quickly. Im talking 1 hour tops to get to the next char/monster.2- there is no ""DLC"" at all. You get everything when you buy the game. Get off you high horse with all this false BS.3- You can even unlock the skins and such.... Cmon now. The ""pay"" stuff is for the impatient people.10/10 would buy again. Pretty fun and challenging game."
,Recommended,273350,12760392,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Lord Weh,"(Big Alpha impressions)tl;dr - If you like L4D / L4D2, I think you'd enjoy this. It's fun, tactical, sometimes slow, sometimes chaotic.Evolve is a game that rewards patience and tactical thinking. It can be slow at times, then turn to an all-out frenzied firefight at a moments notice. Sometimes you can go minutes without being able to locate the monster, to suddenly pick up its trail, or suddenly realise you've wandered into a trap. It's a game that requires strong communication (voice chat recommended) and a couple of hours invested to get the basics down before the tactical side starts to emerge.I've heard people say they felt the game is boring, I'd say they are likely the kind of players who want instant gratification from a game. Hunting a monster can take anything from a couple minutes up to twenty minutes, it requires some skill and luck, but tracking the monster is a slow pay off. As the team of hunters you need to rely on carefully spreading out, following clues, considering where the monster may be currently and predicting its next move.Each character feels tactical to some level. The simplest perhaps is the assault class, the base character offering two types of situational weapons, land mines to plant and a personal shield to enable 'tanking'. The trapper class is vital for locating and restricting the creature (via a deployable 'arena' dome shield that traps the monster), with each variant character offering different methods of tracking the monster (one has a dog-like creature that follows its scent, the other can plant 'sound spikes' that trigger when the monster makes noise near them). The medic was my personal favourite, with a long-range healing gun, a short range AoE heal, a tranquilliser dart gun that slows the monster and tags it so it easy to see, and a sniper rifle that exposes weak points for other players to target. The support role offers a decent mid-range laser, a powerful orbital bombardment strike and a projectable shield to prevent harm to other players as required. Switching between these different tools on the fly is what makes the game so interesting... as the medic for example, you have to choose between slowing the monster, creating weak spots to target, or healing the team, and you do this whilst moving around and the monster bearing down on you.Playing as the monster is SIMILAR to playing a tank in Left 4 Dead, but much more involved. You can choose to sneak, to hunt, to ambush, to engage early and shock the players or to flee to recharge and engage later. At the start of the match the hunters can easily overpower you, so you need to find food and shelter to evolve to stage 2, where things are much more balanced. If you can get to stage 3 evolution, the hunters are in trouble (Although it's far from one-sided).If you like versus mode on Left 4 Dead, this is the game for you. There's a depth to playing each character, you have to work as a team, select perks that suit your play style, and play tactically. A good team of hunters against a good monster is a joy to play, a give-and-take of aggression and defence, more akin to a game of chess. For both sides then there's a lot of tactical choice, and there's a thrill to playing either side... to pulling off a plan or just barely scraping through a win. The maps are just about the perfect size, big enough they feel expansive but you can cross from one side to another in a few minutes. Each of the three maps available felt different and interesting, from humid rainforest with lots of leafy cover to an arid valley riddled with cave systems.I thoroughly enjoyed Evolve and look forward to spending more time with it. If you like tactical team-based games that require patience, thought and quick reactions, I think you will too."
76561198046197183,Recommended,273350,14419520,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Eliwood of Pherae,"This game is fantastic. Tons of fun, unique gameplay. If you liked Nosgoth, you might enjoy this game. If you don't want to pay for DLC, don't buy the DLC. Don't give negative reviews to a fun game. Definitely worth the $60."
,Recommended,273350,14616100,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Hellcat,This game is not for everyone
,Recommended,273350,14427229,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,"Sannom, just Sannom.","There's two simple questions one must ask themselves if they wish to know if this game is for them.Do you think you'd love tracking down a beast that is more than capable of killing you and three others of your calibre, using wit and prediction to catch someone pants down and rain hell upon them, proving that teamwork is superior to brute strength?On the other hand, do you like relying on yourself and yourself alone against four very capable brains that are out to get your hide, having to use cunning to slip right through their hands when they think they've got you, but-- ohh, really, YOU're the one who's got them?If you answered yes to any or both of these questions, then Evolve is for you.Happy hunting."
,Not Recommended,273350,21222216,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,b0st0n,♥♥♥♥ YOU I PAYED 39.99$ FOR THIS AND NOW ITS FREE!!! WTF!!!!!!!!I Want a refund!!! NOW! It what gets me mad is that the game is better than when it was pay to play You need to get this game but im just mad that i wated 40$
76561198137511396,Recommended,273350,14441279,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,pg_sanchez1,really enjoy the game....alot of fun....
,Recommended,273350,14474836,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,brocli,"Really fun game, very original in my opinion, only downside in my opinion is its easy to unlock everything, i think their should be more characters and monsters"
,Recommended,273350,14446591,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Moe,"I realized that most negative reviews are based around the fact that there is a day one DLC, which is pretty ♥♥♥♥ed up. If you do not want to afford the game at full price and get offended by the idea to buy voluntary, cosmetic ingame content, dont rate the game negative.I played the Alpha and Beta (for free btw) and really enjoyed the gameplay.If you like Left 4 Dead or CoOp Shooter in general, this is a good game for you."
76561198036650063,Recommended,273350,14647276,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Scuba Cat,"Despite all the negativity. I believe evolve to be a unique game with more variation than people would think at first. All ""day 1 DLC"" is purely cosmetic with season passes for future updates."
76561197969346790,Not Recommended,273350,14430867,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Von Demon,"Well, it could be an excellent asymmetrical PvP game and that's why I bought it.  Unfortunately I can't see the game through all the DLC!  I bought the full pop thinking I was getting ALL the extra content but I was shocked to see that I've only scratched the surface of what they intended to milk me for.I thought I was buying a car only to find out that the tires, seats and transmission are extra not to mention the stereo, NAV and AC.  And I thought EA was bad..."
,Not Recommended,273350,14429123,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Cypher [1C-44],Not paying premium prices for finished games and then having to pay for DLC first day.
76561198050861058,Not Recommended,273350,14786478,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,lolsgan,dlc simulator 2015
,Not Recommended,273350,14662877,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,alc(low),"Brokenupdate 30/3/15: don't buy this, really really don't. Good gameplay, but just too much bs with every part of it, not even taking into account the bugs.Never had a problem with all the dlc stuff until I seen how they are robbing people(really mean that) with the misleading pc monster race bundle.Didn't even buy this bundle, so I'm not salty, just facts.Oh yea forgot to mention censorship on their forums and steam forums, so all you will see there is people saying the games good, and works fine. Don't believe this."
,Recommended,273350,14442977,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Aroe,The only day 1 dlc is skins and Hunters that can be earned for no additional charge...Get over it. Cosmetics should'nt be the source of bad reviews. This game is a must have 10/10.
76561197998101664,Recommended,273350,14532701,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Drakhorn,"It is sad how so many user reviews about this game are not about the game itself but about the the pricing and upcoming updates of the game. Most of them are really on the brink of sounding butthurt and don't really carry much merit when it comes to the gameplay itself.This is a fun game,a fungame.It's definetly a competetive, asymmetric PvP game. The core concept has been kept as simple as possible with not too many game modes and silly distractions like buyable items or too many choosable talents/skills. The fun comes from the L4D-kind-of almost endless replayability when you're up against other players in a dynamic enviroment.There's too many overly proportioned arguments being cried about this game that are either inflated or completely false, here's few biggest ones:Argument #1: The game is uneven / monster this or that is OPWRONG. The game is not symmetric, it is even. When you team 4 players against 1 you can't have symmetric game, it wouldn't work. The monsters are more powerful by default, but they are alone against many. No matter how much you would try to balance the opposing factions, you would always have certain disparity due to the way the game is made, AND IT IS A GOOD THING! A skillful player can employ the strenghts of a monster to his/her victory or a trained team of hunters can score a kill through good communication and teamwork.Mayby the biggest cries of inexperienced players are projected towards Wraith. Wraith is not overpowered, check the in-game scoreboards, the statistics in top 15 rankings between the 3 current monsters in the game do not deviate from each other.Here's a good example of how to take down a skillful Wraith:http://www.twitch.tv/sacriel/v/3800212Argument #2: The game is broken/glitchy/buggy.WRONG. The game had an exceptionally good release especially when compared to other multiplayer games recently. You could jump in and start playing on the release day without too long queues or game breaking bugs!Many people like to cling on the mouse cursor bug which is a real thing but not nearly big enough deal to not make you buy the game and will surely be fixed in an upcoming patch.Argument #3:  The business model for the game is a money grab.OVERINFLATED. This side of this publication has grown so out of proportion in game reviews around here. Many comments focus on the subjective opinion of how much one should pay for their entertainment and the whole issue has very little bearing on how one experiences the game itself. I've got over 50 hours gameplay behind me now, that's ~1€ per hour so far and going down because I'm nowhere near of getting bored of the game. To me that is money well spent!What comes down to the DLC's people seem to fail to understand thatyou can play WITH people who have bought DLCandnew mapsandnew gamemodeswill be available for everyone for free.It's up to everyone themselves to make the decision whether something is too expensive or not for them. So please evaluate the game as it is and not about how much others put money in it."
76561198002911983,Recommended,273350,14609708,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,wolfknight904,"This game is a lot of fun and the game plays really well, the community is very positive I have yet to see one troll at all. Most of the bad reviews for this game is about how much DLC there is but really the Publisher is 2K, if you're new to gaming there just as bad as the Publishers for call of duty and battlefield. The dev's listen to there fans about what needs to be fix and what needs to be added or tweekt, all and all this game was well planned out it started off with an Alpha, (to test the engine it self) then in to Beta, (to test the servers) then full game. Sadly this game is being killed by bad reviews, this will be the last time a gaming company will try a 4 v 1 game in this day in age. It is true about how gamers are killing the industry if this keeps up there will be no more games like this or L4D."
76561198086350517,Recommended,273350,14487817,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Enderbro597,Tries to level up medic in single player: Monster targets you instantlyMy thoughts:Bannana/10 would slowly level up again (but seriously other than that it's an awsome game)
76561197976325577,Recommended,273350,14472049,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Exodite,One of the greatest online multiplayer experiences ive had in a long time. Well balanced game of cat and mouse with asymetrical gameplay that is simple to learn but satisfying to master. Awesome graphics coupled with good animations set in a slick sci-fi setting. There really is no other game quite like Evolve.PSA: All DLC is NOT required to enjoy the game and is PURELY cosmetic (skins) for the time being. Future DLC will contain extra classes (hunters and monsters). DLC IS ENTIRELY OPTIONAL.
76561198064106555,Recommended,273350,24228041,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,mrorange,Waiting Simulator Stage 2 Beta
,Not Recommended,273350,14788045,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,nightshade780,More DLC rip off than an asian mobile game. nuff said
76561197975242070,Not Recommended,273350,14425324,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Anima,Very good Gamebut they have to change their DLC prices
76561197961269012,Recommended,273350,14442651,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Trac3r,"This game is beast!  No pun intened! lolIf you like playing tank in l4d, then these monsters are like those tanks on steroids.  And thats only one can... there are 2 other monsters with completely different abilities and more monsters to come! Monsters are so much fun to play and an unstoppable force once you master the monsters.  Only thing is that I feel that the monsters are a lil too op compared to hunters... ive played against randoms and set teams and have only lost once... only due to a mistake on my part.As for hunters, this game is class based like team fortress 2.  You will need a lot of teamwork and communication to take down a monster.  I dont think this is as communicative based as l4d or dota... but on the same basis of communication as tf2 or cs.  Like l4d... it sucks getting teamed up with a pub that doesnt know how to play their role... but with friends or a team that communicates well, hunting the monster is much more enjoyable win or lose!If you like team oriented games... this is breath of fresh air!Monsters own this game!  Good luck to all you hunters... you will need it!And for all the whiners and negative reviewers... you are all like children that doesnt have a job.  Even for someone that makes minimum wage you can buy this game for a days wage.  Cant believe people complain about paying money for a game... do you know how hard these developers worked and for how long to put out this game?  You dont NEED to buy the dlcs to play the game.Discard any negative reviews... the gameplay is fantastic!  Another great thing is that matches only last for 5-15 minutes max.  You cant say that about any other competitive versus games... they all last anywhere from 30-90 minutes.  Dont know if this game will ever get competetive until they nerf the monsters some and make it a little more balanced for hunters as well.  If anything... they could take from l4d promods that nerf survivors by handicapping them with Tier 1 guns and pills only.  They could make a promod for evolve where they nerf damage for all monsters abilities."
,Recommended,273350,14525028,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,A Rather Festive Saggybuttcheeks,Beautiful
76561198105366654,Recommended,273350,14469141,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,ProfessorTr0N,Don't listen to most of the reviews. People are just butt hurt over the prices of the dlcs. Yes they are expensive and thats not ok. But they are just skins so your not missing out or anything. The game is pretty solid and has more depth then most popular mulitplayer fps games. The only complaint i have is that id wish the matches lasted longer.
76561198071783410,Recommended,273350,14458119,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Gandu27,"90% of the hate is from Pre-Release reviewers who played it for free and didnt even buy the game and all of them are complaining about the DLC even though they didnt even pay a dime for the game, anyways long story short+gameplay+graphics+everything else+free map and game modes dlcs(kudos to them for doing this)-- Paid DLC( though you actually dont even need them to have fun, there is already alot of content)Overall: dont believe the hate, ive played 90% of my matches with people who didnt even use the chat box and yet in game they communicate well and sometimes you can form up crazy teamwork with random people who you dont even talk to, Game also does have a very very high fun factor and i dont see why people complain"
,Recommended,273350,14519817,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,ukm,"Game is a lot of fun.  Playing as hunter is like left 4 dead but way more interesting with the variety of hunters and classes.  Lots of strategic nuance.  The asymmetric nature of 4v1 play is also a big differentiator and the ebb and flow between the teams as the monster gets stronger is pretty unique.The negative reviews are pretty much all complaining about day 1 DLC but the day 1 DLC in the game is all cosmetic.  There will be new hunters and monsters that cost money but they are still being developed and not yet available.  Nothing shipped behind a paywall other than skins.The only thing I will say is that if playing as the monster doesn't interest you and you don't have friends with the game to group up with, solo queueing can be a bit frustrating.  The hunters require a high degree of coordination to have a chance against a decent player and that is very hit or miss with random matchmaking.  It is nice that playing monster is an option for when you want to play solo though, unlike other team v team games.Overall highly recommended.  DLC is not an issue and most of the negative reviews for the game are insane."
,Recommended,273350,14441873,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Wrenagade419,"These reviews based on costumes and skins as DLC is a real shame. First of all, this DLC had been confirmed months ago, they were completely open about it. Secondly, it's skins, if you don't want them, you aren't missing out by not having them.  On top of all this, the upcoming maps will be free, and you don't need to buy the new hunters to play alongside them.Seriously upset about reviews, I played alpha and beta, this version has more maps and is just fun, unadulterated, explosive,  lasery fun. Global Leaderboards will keep you coming back to be the best at your preferred character. It's  runs pretty damn good. They fixed matchmaking since beta, you can now find groups in premade parties. On top of this, it may seem like you don't get your preferred role but you may get matched up with people who have the same preference as you. The game handles this conundrum by letting you take turns with that person. I was in a game earlier and every other match I was Hank and he got to be him in between.Don't go crazy about this DLC, they have a special edition which most games offer. They also have the season pass. They released skins on Day 1, you will get the complete game for $60. I  paid $60 and it's everything I hoped for. If I had more money I would have sprung for the season pass and probably a Hank outfit just to support the developers.If you are looking for a super fun, strategic game with lots of depth under the hood, check this game out."
,Recommended,273350,14527321,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Skian88,"This game is perfect for people who have a group of friends who enjoy cooperative play. I wouldn't particularly suggest it if you're going solo, as solo mode can be frustrating and a tad stale, and multiplayer without friends can be a communication nightmare (almost no one uses chat for some reason), but playing with friends is awesome. Roles are different enough in this game that playing in an appropriate manner for your class is paramount, and communication (particularly for the trapper class) is insanely important. Get a group of 4 friends together (or 5 if you're feeling frisky...) and have fun hunting one of the biggest baddest monsters available in recent video game history."
,Recommended,273350,14427827,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,PoopShipDestroyer,"If you choose not to buy this game based on the negative reviews here, a few things to keep in mind:Day 1 DLC everyone keeps complaining about is a straw man. Yes, there is day 1 DLC, however, ALL of the DLC is COSMETIC. All current maps are already available at time of release, and there are 12 hunters and 3 monsters that can be unlocked through gameplay. I don't believe that a great number of these people have actually even bought the game and played it since Steam allows you to post a review, even if you only participated in the Alpha or Beta events.Day 1 DLC is not a deal breaker. If you like objective based games with a strong emphasis on co-op gameplay like L4D, TF2 or Titanfall, then get this game. If you think it was wrong for 2k to release a game with cosmetic skins available for purchase in their in game store, then you just need to get your priorities straight."
,Recommended,273350,14442175,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Leviathan,"Love this game, but seeing a lot of complaints.>Evolve is repetitive.That's the game style. Might as well complain about fighting games being repetitive. What is not repetitive is how each battle plays out. Sometimes the monster runs and hides, powering up while trying not to engage the hunters. Sometimes that's not an option, and it's a series of intense skirmishes. Sometimes the monster chases the hunters around, eliminating one or two at a time and toying with the rest. Playing through the Evacuation mode forces players into different scenario types, changing up which side is the aggressor. Eighty hours in, I haven't had two matches play the same way yet.>You have to buy new monsters/characters.No, you don't. The game comes standard with twelve hunters and three monster, giving you fifteen playable characters, all with vastly different play styles. This complaint also goes along with ""day-one DLC"" complaints, but that's simply not true for this game. The new characters and monster were not ready at time of release. Check the videoes online showing them being playtested by the devs after the initial game was released. Yea, we'd all love if everything was free, but having to pay for additional content is not really a big deal and completely optional.>This monster/class is overpowered/underpowered.I've seen these complaints in favor of and against the same characters. There are reviews saying Lazarus is the worst medic, and some that say he's the only one worth using. What it comes down to is knowing how to play your role in the team. Four people who all know what they're doing are going to work off each other, protect each other, and give the monster a very difficult time. The monster, in turn, should understand when it's time to stay and fight and when it's time to run. Choose your battles, know the maps, and you'll be very tough to kill. The game is constantly being tracked and tweaked by Turtle Rock who boasts a near 50/50 ratio in world-wide game win/loss. Neither side is overpowered. If you don't believe, check out the tournaments on youtube.As always, it's up to your personal taste. The game gets compaired to Left 4 Dead, and I guess that's fair, but I think it plays a bit more like Team Fortress in that the classes matter. Oh, and if you have the game and you're feeling frustrated, check out the video gallery in the extras section. There are advanced play tips for every hunter and monster."
,Recommended,273350,14467202,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Alenne D Ì Y Ù,Great game so far :)
,Recommended,273350,12781652,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Zauk,Absolutely amazing. Anyone that was a fan of L4D would like this quite a lot. Cannot wait for Feb. 10.
,Recommended,273350,14505117,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Товарищ Сука,"So i read a lot of the other review on Evolve and realised that most of them complain about the amount of DLC the game came with. I do not see why it's negative, if you have the money to buy them then do so, it's only skins and so far you can enjoy hundreds of hours playing the base game for 60€ or whatever it costs. With 12 diffrent hunters, 3 diffrent monsters and ~7 maps (I didn't bother to count them) there are alot of diffrent ways the game can play out. Yes every match will have the same objective if you are so simple minded to only play skirmish, but with evacuation there are a couple more modes and if you win one day that will affect the next day leading to even more possible outcomes. To conclude, if you are too simple minded to realise the diversity of the game, it's not for you. If you on the other hand can see the replayabilty value of the game, you will love it."
76561197993268713,Recommended,273350,14429225,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,SOL42,"Graphics:  Running on CryEngine, Evolve has great graphics.  From the detail in the environments, character models, and special effects, one can tell a lot of work went into this.Audio:  Moody, the music fits well into the alien atmosphere set into the planet of Shear.  I believe the tracks change depending on what is going on (ie: combat versus not).  The sounds of the weapon and ability effects are great and work perfectly.  The voice acting of the characters is decent and works well in terms of differentiating personality.Gameplay:  Addictive, fun and at times nerve-wracking.  While there are different game modes, the Hunt mode, which is a tense game of hide-and-seek, proves to be quite entertaining for me.  I haven't noticed any glaring imbalances between monsters and hunters, with outcomes decidedly determined by player skill.  I have not noticed any issues with connectivity personally.DLC:  From what I can tell, the DLC is all skins.  Some give access to future Hunters and possibly Monsters.  Seeing as how the skins are purely cosmetic and the additional Hunters and Monsters are not in the game, I have no problem with it.  I am happy playing the game as-is, and if I'd like to purchase something for aesthetic reasons or try out a new character down the road then I can.  This model doesn't seem much different from what most MOBAs do and until new characters come out, does not affect gameplay.Final thoughts:  I did a little research before purchasing the game and had a good idea on what I would be getting - I definitly wasn't expecting Skyrim or such in terms of content.  For what it is, I enjoy the game - it seems like a new take on the classic MOBA model, complete with AAA graphics, sound and gameplay.  I suggest watching some gameplay videos on YouTube before completely giving in to the negative reviews on here."
76561198031794140,Recommended,273350,14488238,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,SultanSaidi,I really like the game and i m absolutly saying you should buy itits true they had some start up  problems and the wraith is currently unballancedBUT now after everybody got into the game and knows what to do the fights are really challenging either as hunter or monsteri dont get all that fighting about the dlc because already the basic hunters and monsters are pretty awesomeand i already found my favourit charakters so the dlc will only be more fun actually because you have more vairaty and there is still the chance that a teammate or the enemys will play it so you get to play with them or against them sooner or laterand the other dlc is only skin based what is totaly oke for me the and espacially the skins for the hunters are just the weapons because when you are playing them what else do you see then just the weapon of your charakter? think about iti cant await for more monster and hunters! go play and have a good hunt!
,Recommended,273350,14605302,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,AyuReady,Pretty fun.
,Recommended,273350,14606113,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,UnholyWar,Daisy... FTW.
76561198032815436,Recommended,273350,14470741,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,venatus75,"This game is amazingly fun, no matter what the ""BUT THE DLC IS SO EXPENSIVE"" people will tell you.  That DLC?  Completely irrelevant, it's ALL COSMETIC SKINS.  No affect on gameplay whatsoever.  If you're a fan of MOBA's you should be used to the idea of cosmetics by now -- it's no different here.The game itself is awesome, and I've already pored 13 hours into it not even a week into release, and I plan on putting many more in.  The unlock system is fair (I've already unlocked tier 3 medic and tier 3 monster, as well as a few tier two others), and I can guarentee so long as you try you'll unlock tier 3 everything within a couple weeks of playing, most likely much faster than that.I'm looking forward to Evolve's future, and you should be too."
,Recommended,273350,14519247,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Syrius ツ,"Excelent game, lots of content, very high skill ceeling, the game doesn't tell you everything. You have to learn and pay attention. Lots of subtle mechanics in the game. 10/10"
,Recommended,273350,14504509,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,JohnnySeven,"Brilliant game, cant understand all the negative reviews."
,Not Recommended,273350,14427842,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Ra[v]age,Absolutely love this game. Its a blast with a group of friends but the $60 price and DLC content to milk more money out of you just isnt worth it. Save your money.
76561198093714347,Not Recommended,273350,14427990,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,DR_satan720,"dissapointed in all of the ♥♥♥♥ing DLC. 2k has soiled their own name, i hope all of these negative feedback comments gain exposure."
76561197972718029,Not Recommended,273350,14418984,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,geralds387,"Solo mode  has no good story campaign, just a bunch of repititous  kill challenges. If you like that type of gameplay or multiplayer mode you'll love it. I'm writiing it off as another 60 buck waste for me. My fault for not waiting and checking out a walk through."
76561198016648145,Recommended,273350,14428635,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Freedom,"I know i've only played a couple hours, but i'm freaking hooked! Player progression, good engine response (not clunky), and of course one of a kind. Been looking forward for this game since Beta and i'm not dissapointed. Now all we have to see is the replayability. My guess is with new mosnters coming out... I'll most likely come back to this game from time to time."
76561198075655090,Not Recommended,273350,24176854,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Geare039,"Okay, so the bottom line is this. WTF...Really? Sure admittedly there are good perks added, some benefiting abilities and such. After combat auto heals, a little guiding marker to find the monster faster, and group based abilities like the domeing. They are cool and all but it makes me think ""WHERE THE F**K IS MY ELITE SKIN!!"". I had spent hours getting all that crap, now I get this ""Thank-you for being a Founder"" garbage pack. A few extra skins (Not very good ones) and some skins that I had bought already. Great, WASTE MY MONEY!  Its not easy getting headshots on random monsters with a railgun, not to mention the hit box recognizing it as one was crap. It is even more difficult on better players, and even farming the AI it is still difficult. Like Maggies elite challenge crap, OMG that was a nightmare.But the monster steamrolling still had not been resolved, infact now it is even worse. Nerfing and removing some abilities of some characters that made them actually useful prevents a lot of possiblility for counters. And if the monsters ditch the hunters for more then 3 seconds they get crazy buffs. Cleary the wraith may not have been considered in this thought process.From my 5+ games played I noticed that Hank has less energy for his shield (like two hits and its done already) and recharge is still slow as ever, buckets turrets are literaly garbage from what they used to be cabable of (and now you only get 3). Bucket was my main, it is sad playing him now. And apparently being rez'd by laz can still give you strikes even though that is his sole purpose. And what was the point in making the assaults ability a ""DMG res"" instead of its prior ""Invulnerability""? What? Not getting F**k by the monster for like 3 seconds was too much? Now the monsters can kill you through your ability, and your heals dont even matter.Rather then changing the whole shin-dig, they should have only improved where it actually needed it. That is all."
,Recommended,273350,14503054,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Heldur Veikt,an epic boss fight every single game 10/10
76561198054468019,Recommended,273350,14503260,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,LordSquid,"Beta tested, loved, monsters are fun, teamwork is essential, all round good game."
76561197963380089,Not Recommended,273350,14469814,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,WhyNotZoidBerg?,"DLC ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t aside, this game is a mess.Graphics are good, but you can only polish a turd so far.It's functional....but whats functional? hit box is ridiculous, monsters are overpowered, The wraith needs to be nerfed because one hit from it and you're dead, and Jetpack drys out too soon making mobility difficult.  Got a good team? Got mics? Are they communicating to each other? Do you have an even basic plan? then you're gonna lose.  This game has terrible balance issues that make it frustratingly difficult. Your team of 1-5 level hunters goes up against a lvl 14 wraith, or kraken, then you're gonna have a bad time. It's a novel concept with lazy execution, and this game gets old and grindy fast."
,Not Recommended,273350,16477568,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Mark,Meh
,Recommended,273350,14429878,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,No hope For humanity,"I'll list the pros and cons and my opinion at the end.Pros:Solid, like Left 4 Dead or Borderlands, Repetitive yet funGun Play, movement and atmosphere is brilliant.Fair progression system for most classesCons:There's a Cash shop...for SKINS....thats bout itProgression system, being a medic is hard, you cant progress, unless your friends target the weak points you make ( 2nd star sniper rifle for Val the medic)Opinion :Ok, yes i know there's a cash shop(Skins), and there's DLC ( Game changers, content), still its quite solid, much more so than any other game, and the AI is  above average, when compared to those of other games. If your desperate for some action and adrenaline, get it now, or wait for a sale."
,Not Recommended,273350,26466128,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,GMR4LOIF www.twitch.tv/GMR4LOIF,"Game is absolute crap. Zero balance. The game is so bad that the publisher and the devs have abandoned it. Game holds around 500 players per day, so good luck getting a match to start and even if you do it's going to be the same players over and over.Don't bother with this crap."
76561198003970162,Not Recommended,273350,14413522,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,AmericanDipper yeee yeee,They ♥♥♥♥ed this game so hard from Alpha/Beta/Release its been going downhill the whole time.  DO NOT WASTE 60 DOLLARS ON THIS.
76561198087900991,Not Recommended,273350,14428441,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,TheSpiritOfJazz,Its an incomplete game. Compare it to Boarderlands all you want it's no where near as in depth as that game was. This thing doesn't even have a damn campaign. Garbagio!
76561198084498641,Recommended,273350,12781337,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,OneFurryBanana,"Overall good game...Not sure if it is worth $60 though. Needs more gamemodes, to stay interesting.Note:this is strictly multiplayer as of now.Suggestions:Monster vs. Monster game modeMore player custimizationBetter optimization (lag spikes occur)"
,Recommended,273350,14427341,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Zesmau,"Love the game, its really fun and has alot of potential.Currently there are 3 characters for each class, and more to be added, giving the game alot of variety when it comes to combinations.Only bad parts are a few bugs that occur, such as the mouse not disappearing when in game, or the game crashing / disconnecting mid game. Joining an extraction game on the last day, and every now and again you and your friends in a party will suddenly get thrown into random games.Currenty basing it 7/10Will change to 8/10 when bugs are fixed."
,Recommended,273350,14489917,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,ZeForgotten,"This game has amazing round to round action, Playing as a monster is fun and entertaining and playing as one of the four roles of a hunter is the same way.Monsters:Goliath- He is a boulder throwing, flame spitting beast. He has the all around potential to fight in any style that you would like.Kracken- The kracken is more of a strategic fighting monster, He can place bombs, Summon Ligtning strikes, and blow people away. Though the kracken has the ability to fly it does not last forever. He is mostly based around AoE damage.Wraith- The wraith can dash and slash, send a decoy, and go invisible. Currently IMO i think the wraith is the strongest in the game due to the fact it dishes out so much damage so quickly, tho it does this, it doesn't have as many hitpoints as Goliath or Kraken"
,Recommended,273350,14413218,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Oberstgruppenführer,"All players keep blaming the trapper, they hate us because they ain't us. Good game btw"
76561198022270757,Recommended,273350,14444261,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Mr Squeak,"At first, I was also disheartened by the DLC controversy; however, when I bought I game, I kind of realised that the player base over-reacted.PROS:1) Compared to L4D1 and 2, this game's characters and monsters are far more customizable and diverse.2) It does have 12 maps compared to around 20 when L4D2 was launched, but these are all high quality maps, with high resolution textures, and they are all very large, making their content quite comparable to L4D2.3) It does have many modes, more so than L4D1 and 2.4) Improved matchmaking system pegs you with and against players of equal skill, unlike in L4D, where there is always a fear to get PUGed.5) The graphics are insanely gorgeous.6) The unlocking system isn't as long to unlock as most people would surmise. 8 hours into the game, and I have already unlocked 4 of the tier 2s, unlike in CoD:MW2, which would take a lot longer.CONS1) While it does have a story-mode campaign like L4D1 and 2, and a high degree of immersion, the characters are not individually as developed as those of L4D.2) A bit buggy at the moment. Occasionally there are long loading times (rarely, but happens), and there are micro-stutters at some maps.CONCLUSION1) Compared to L4D2's pricing, I did say it does have more or less an equal amount of content for its base game. We must not forget that all of the future maps in Evolve, just like L4D1 and 2, will be free, unlike in Borderlands 2.2) However, compared to Borderlands 2, BL2 has way better content per unit cost, in terms of story-mode, skill set, diversity, weapons, creatures, and immersion, especially at nearly 60% of Evolve's cost.MY OPINION ABOUT THE DLC PRICING CONTROVERSY1) I don't think that the company is over-pricing it, as a base game alone. As for the DLC, take an example, a new character can cost just the same as a monster. Besides, most of the DLCs being offered now are future content, and not present content, so I do not think that they launched the game half-done.2) Probably what they should have done was to announce the future DLCs only a month after release.3) What is over-pricing, however, is probably CoD:MW2 in my opinion: ridiculous leveling and unlocking system 10 times as tough as Evolve, all at nearly $90 retail at launch.4) Most of the DLC, by the way ... are just skins. It does not impact gameplay in any way. And the season pass + Monster race DLCs are future content, not part of the base game."
76561197989664546,Recommended,273350,14519865,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Savingyoazz,"The majority of the bad reviews for this game are focused on the DLC for this game, which is seriously misleading considering a majority of the DLC are skins and no one is forcing you to buy them -- in fact they're hardly even noticeable at all with the exception of the monsters'.This review is based solely on the gameplay and enjoyment/excitement of the game which is fantastic.  It has some balance issues with matchmaking and nerfing the wraith monster but other than that it's super addicting. It's a game that truly requires teamwork and communication from the hunters in the group to take down massively damaging monsters.I highly recommend this game -- don't let people ♥♥♥♥♥ about the skins DLC stop you from picking this up (possibly in a steam sale if $60 is our of your price range)."
,Recommended,273350,14519161,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Colin Mochrie's Forehead,"Let me clear something up right off the bat.There is/was no game changing Day1 DLC. All future maps are free. Hunters and Monsters, upon being finished, will be paid DLC but the playerbase will not be split depending on who has the DLC. You can play in the same game as a DLC monster if you're a hunter, with a DLC hunter on your side as a hunter and against DLC hunters as the monster. The only ""DLC"" that came out on Day1 was skins. People seem to be complaining about them announcing DLC plans, but if they want to keep a game alive they have to update it and provide content. And no one seems to argue when CoD does things in a similar manner.Paying for aditional hunters/monsters? UNHEARD OF! You mean we have to pay for content they work on after the game is released and we don't get it for free? DOWN WITH THE SYSTEM!The game shipped with all the content. If you had every hunter right off the bat, you wouldn't play. There has to be rewards for such things. CoD has you unlock games, the main point of the game. Evolve has you unlock hunters/monsters, the main point of the game.I've never experienced any crashing/DCing problems with this game and I played all through BETA and since official release day.Now, onto the game.- Replayability: The main gamemode, Hunt, is never boring. Unless you're going against a good monster. Then it's a challenge. But the game really shows how great it is when you jump into Evacuation. Five gamemodes spread over 5 in-game days. Each win changes the next map in favor of whoever won the last game. Say a monster won one game and the next map has increased carnivorous plants because the monster destroyed (basically won) on the refinery (NOTE: I don't remember what map it actually is).  There are an incalculable number of variations per map alone. There are several gamemodes that you can play besides Hunt and Evacuation (which is a culmination of all gamemodes lumped into one massive match), including a defend style game, a game where the hunters must destroy a monster's eggs, and a game where the hunters have to rescue colonists from the monster.- Hunters: Yea, four hunters right off the bat doesn't seem like much. But the more you play, the more you rank up. That means your weapons/gear levels up so it does a bit more (2% range increase for one star out of three) and when you level up all of your gear ONCE you get the next hunter in that class. Each hunter composition has unique dialogue, interactions, and mechanics. They've accounted for every composition of hunters. Each hunter plays in a unique and satisfying way. One trapper might not be the best against a Kraken while another trapper might be the best because of the gear/weapons they have! Along with the differences in how classes play, each hunter WITHIN that class plays a unique way. No two hunters feel the same at all.- Monster: I'll admit. I don't like playing the monster. I'm more of a team player. BUT even I can see why kids love cinnamon toast crunch! Each monster, currently three, is to be tracked, trapped, and tackled differently. Each monster PLAYS differently. The goliath is the standard brute-gorilla while the Kraken is a ranged electrical type (Pokemon, anyone?), and the Wraith is your stealthy assassin. One monster might be best against a certain composition of hunters while another might be decimated if you don't play well enough! One of the trappers comes with a 'hound' named Daisy that sniffs the monster out, this is probably the worst part of the game in my opinion. It makes sense, yes, but as a monster it is EXTREMELY difficult to eat, and evolve when you are being tracked by a dog no matter what you do. It's nothing short of a challenge and has pushed me to the limits in great games though.- Maps: Each map feels unique and colorful; something that can't be said about other games' maps. I've yet to learn the maps because of how different they are and just how vast they can be. The only downside of the maps are the pools/lakes of what I cal Acid. It hurts the hunters and monster if any step into it. No doubt, it can make for an interesting addition to a fight, but I recall there being a level where there was a massive lake that I was trapped in, as a monster. Though, I WAS in a corner of the map so it was my own fault for being trapped.- Wildlife: This is where Evolve falls short, in my opinion. The wildlife are far more dangerous than the monster itself. If you're caught by a megamouth or plant, you are left to watch a small cutscene of whatever grabbed you beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you until your comrades see you. This could easily be fixed by allowing the hunter someway to escape on their own or even a time limit where they are released. Small creatures pose major threats to the hunters no matter what level the monster is, make it very difficult to focus on the task at hand when you're being ganged up on by small critters and having to watch your step for plants.- Gameplay/Mechanics: The controls are tight, and you can rebind every key for both hunters and monsters. The monster evolves rather slow though, when you choose which abilities you wish to level up you must wait a certain amount of time before you are free to roam again. Severely damaging if you are playing against a Daisy. There do seem to be some troubles with the mouse popping in and out of the screen if you tab or shift+tab at certain points. Easily fixed with a shift+tab and click on blank space, then go back to the game. The jetpack for the hunters is the weakest point for them. It goes away WAY too fast, recharges WAY too slow, etc. Though, I say this when I'm the hunter. When I'm the monster, I say the opposite. There are perks to make the strain of jetpacks easier (Recharge rate, fuel usage, etc) though so it's easily fixed. I don't play with friends on this game but I feel it would benefit from a party-mode type match where you can play with friends in a local game instead of having to go out and face the online community with a three man party.OVERALL 10/10The positives of the game severely outweigh the negatives, which are me being nitpicky more than anything. If you think the game has a lack of content, each hunter has dialogue, plays differently, the maps are fully explorable, wildlife has great AI, bots have great AI, monsters are unique, and they plan to release more hunters and monsters for people to buy if they wish to play as them. Left 4 Dead had far less and no one complained then. So why start now? True, L4D has the workshop but it didn't always have that. I recommend this game to FPS lovers, lovers of Godzilla, L4D lovers, and really anyone looking to have a good time with a game."
,Recommended,273350,14486579,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Sontag,"This is a pretty solid and fun game. You play as one of four hunter classes or as the monster. You can set your preferences as to which you like to play the most and the game will try to match you to that role, but even when it can't and you have to play another role it's still fun to experience another part of the game play and not always the same thing as the class you wanted. The more play a role the more it will level up and get better or unlock additional characters for that role.Matchmaking works fine for putting people together. A difference between over all player level doesn't have any bearing on skill, just the amount of matches played. The in-game community, in my experience, is quite pleasant and helpful. Most matches the hunters use mics to communicate and track the monster and then chat in the lobby, answering others questions or talking about different game elements.The current game balance seems to be weighted towards the monster's favor, which is fine since there's only 1 of them and it would be very frustrating if one mistake or event would cost you the game very early on. It makes the hunters actually work together and focus on their roles, not to mention stay together. Some monsters/hunters more easily counter others but with know how and effort any character can beat the others.This game is worth the purchase. It is fun playing with randoms and even better when playing with a pre made team of friends."
,Not Recommended,273350,24209209,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,t_southwell,"This is, simply put, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. When this game came out I brought it, played it a bit, then didn't like it. Going f2p is a good move, but I get jack♥♥♥♥♥♥for spending £40 on this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. Maybe refund our money? Just give something to me for paying for this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Turtle rock, OK"
76561198158922341,Recommended,273350,14493285,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Petty_Bone,the DLC does suck!!! but obviously thats the direction big video games are going....its the way of the world!review the game people!!!! most everyone with the thumbs down has logged 30 plus hours!!! their only complaint is the fact that is has DLC.  but away from that the game itself is really good and the better group of players you get together the better the game gets!!  i have never played a game where strangers actuallly work together like this one.this game is def better than a mixed review......
,Recommended,273350,14562902,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,HollowSlayer Ornstein,"Spent 100$ and now Its f2p lol, its a good move though since it help the game come back to life. Well Played!!!!"
76561198050158621,Not Recommended,273350,14526563,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,яise,"I'm not even sure where to start. The game was anticipated for so long and so many people pre ordered it and even with the preorders they felt the need to have day1 dlc...the actual game itself is very small , you Dont get much. As far as maps are concerned, one fell into the swamp...the next one fell into a swamp....the third one burned down fell over and then fell into the swamp.they're pretty much identical gameplay wise none of the maps feel any different then the next.the game has very limited replayabillity with only 12 hunters to choose from and no customization. Every game ends pretty much the same. Either you trap the monster early and damage it enough it can't possibly recover...or you Dont see it ,the monster evolves and wins. Usually there aren't any close games.Every menue has a video attached , that might seem like nitpicking, but its constant. At the end of every game the screen is spammed with progress this or progress that.spend your money elsewhere youl be dissapointed here."
,Recommended,273350,14599525,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,legned,"♥♥♥♥ it, pick bucket"
76561198082167008,Recommended,273350,14856082,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,ZomboCroc,PLEASE MAKE FREE ROAM. I love playing as monsters but please make free roam to get uste to them like behemoth. Also please make a mamal monster like a bull.
,Recommended,273350,14993530,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,BigMac Condom™,"I don't care what others say about this game, this game is amazing and hilariously fun!Sadly this game doesnt have the best community but with all the lovers toward this game we can make it BETTER!!!Now lets go hunt some monsters or slaughter some hunters WOOOOT!!"
,Not Recommended,273350,14725497,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,stoneb,"Don't buy this game.I've never spent more money for less content. It's a joke. The publisher built a game on the F2P model and charged $60 for it. There just isn't much to do. Be prepared to grind the same map to access character variations.Bugs galore--simple ones that never should have made it to launch and somehow still aren't fixed.Like playing with friends? Well, hope you don't want to play against each other because that's not an option."
76561198120987783,Recommended,273350,14852683,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Dragonsfrompluto,"By far one of the most amazing games I have ever played. Whether you're playing as the monster or the hunter's every match is full of adrenaline and gets my heart racing once a dome drops and an engagement takes place. There are a ton of things to learn and figure out, so it has a bit of a learning curve, but once you get the hang of everything it's all uphill from here.The amount of content is a bit low right now, but with new monsters and hunters coming soon (albeit dlc) and free maps already being released this game is definitely worth the buy. You will not be disappointed."
76561197964683498,Recommended,273350,14852513,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Captain Anal McButtSex,"There's something addicting about this game. If you're a fan of competitive LFD2 mixed in with a bit of the class system of TF2, I'd recommend this. As more content comes along the future, I feel like this will be a game I'll be playing for a while. There's nothing quite like getting a good team of hunters working together, or even playing solo as the monster and wrecking♥♥♥♥♥♥ Offline and Online available, and both are quite fun depending on what you're in the mood for."
76561197997648031,Not Recommended,273350,14668809,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Turudo,Want a game that provides about 2 hours of fun? Then EVOLVE is the game for you! Want more than that? Then you're out of luck.  This game has...Sorry! Must purchase DLC to see the rest of this review.
,Recommended,273350,14411897,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,'MC' Quantum,Great game if it would start!!!
76561198082935892,Not Recommended,273350,16016251,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Moomkey l kickback.com,"No content at♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥all, worst $60 ever spent. Whoever thinks this game looks good please don't get it, ull play for 2 hours and get tired of it. The devs have nothing in their game that make it $60, it should be a $5 game with the lack of content. Fuc u devs, nutsack"
,Recommended,273350,24283096,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,ＪＵＳＴ,I think this game deserves a lot more positive reviews. It's a lot of fun. :)
76561197982877381,Not Recommended,273350,14421451,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Dethstarr,"Banal on the best day it ever had.  This is what an xbox game designer would do if they were lucky enough to graduate to a platform without a captive audience.Logged in played a round.  Character at times taking up 45 % of screen.  Aaaaah console field of view hell.  No slider nor fix.  Should not have purchased.Ironic that a game called Evolve cant seem to evolve beyond Xbox 360 field of view.  A great example of what a bad port looks like.   Nothing complicated about the problem but apparently, they could not be bothered to even invest that much time addressing such an obvious issue. These guys arent even willing to work a bit for your dollar, Euro, pound whatever.This issue occulded anything else I can say about the game. It is rendered barely playable if at all.Reminds me of Brink, Rage etc.  Masses of hype about a prettied up console game that turns out to be mainly marketing and the bare minimum of effort for PC.   In fact, so far, the gameplay takes me back to late 80s early 90s concepts of beasts stomping.  1-10 (because I had no technical issues yet).Having tried it, I wouldnt have even bothered downloading it if it came free had I known.  Avoid like the plague and buy something else.  If there is no other game you like at the moment, rent a movie instead or read a book. Its games like this that put console owners off of buying games let alone PC.This is one of the few games I have seen where the fact that if you played for 10 minutes you have played it all and seen enough is actually a good thing.EDIT - Forgot to add.  This is a game where if you blink you will literally miss a goodly portion of the content.  There just isnt any.  So they are selling a monster pack. DLC to add monsters for 15 Dollars?  on a game already set miles beyond its value in price.  This is basically a scam, avoid."
76561198179649675,Recommended,273350,15046571,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,SexyFox,this is a great game
,Recommended,273350,23097889,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,DOGE,I know that before stage 2 came out the game was 60$ and it had a lot of DLCbut i didn't really see problems with the stage 2 version and people complaining about the game being f2p after they payed even though the normal evolve because it had so much game modes andgives you almost every character and golden skins for all the monsters in stage 2 it saved me so much grindingi don't regret bying the game and i whoud buy it againso sad they decided to stop developing the game right when the first story like quest was added with a bossi recommend that you check the game out and give it a chancei still hope for evolve stage 3 or evolve 2 or something like that
,Not Recommended,273350,14503718,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,TheWorst,"best said by the king himself......Lionel Logue: Do you know the f-word?King George VI: F... f... fornication?Lionel Logue: Oh, Bertie.King George VI: ♥♥♥♥. ♥♥♥♥! ♥♥♥♥, ♥♥♥♥, ♥♥♥♥ and ♥♥♥♥! ♥♥♥♥, ♥♥♥♥ and bugger! Bugger, bugger, buggerty buggerty buggerty, ♥♥♥♥, ♥♥♥♥,♥♥♥♥♥♥Lionel Logue: Yes...King George VI: Balls, balls...Lionel Logue: ...you see, not a hesitation!King George VI: ...♥♥♥♥ity,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ and willy. Willy,♥♥♥♥♥♥and ♥♥♥♥ and...♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198011447279,Recommended,273350,14505206,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,meeko T,Markov is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197962018476,Recommended,273350,14560225,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,ofchickens,"Really fun playing as the Monsters.  Very unique and can be stealthy, aggressive, or just run if you want.  Playing hunters is a little boring and difficult unless you have friends or good communication.  It's very similar to L4D in that way, much more fun with a solid team.I played the beta a lot, but holding off buying it because I think the price will drop sharply in a few months.  I'm not a big fan of all the dlc either."
,Recommended,273350,14442958,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Kazumi,"So after 63 hours of playing Evolve I feel I have a good understand of it, and a level of experience that should carry a bit of weight.I honestly really enjoy Evolve, after 63 hours I don't feel burnt out, or even that my time is wasted. Every time I get into a big fight against a monster I still get that rush of excitement, that flurry of shot calling, and the panic that can happen when the monster gains the edge.Evolve feels pretty balanced, there is of course areas of improvement; however it's nothing that cannot be fixed shortly down the road. I understand there is a huge stink about the DLC on release. I get it, I'm not a huge fan either. But the DLC are SKINS, not characters, not day 1 monsters, heck they are not even weapons. They are purely cosmetic alterations. I personally don't care if someone has a Skin and I don't. It's a skin, the core game is amazing, very fluid, and enjoyable.If the day 1 SKIN DLC is what's holding you back, don't let it. It's 100% worth the buy price for the core game in my humble opinion."
76561198004219486,Recommended,273350,16105522,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Invisigoth,Very Fun to play with all Classes.
,Recommended,273350,14485789,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,BadBoyKilla,Amazing Gameeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
76561198002394526,Recommended,273350,14515032,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Fumbles,"Great tactical game, if you enjoyed L4D you will likely enjoy this and get many hours out of it. Bring a mic."
76561198030832104,Recommended,273350,14515716,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Thehenriprado,"amazing game, try it out you will like it"
,Recommended,273350,14469724,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,fanteck,Awsome!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198019444883,Recommended,273350,14671388,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Major Lithium,FPS thats a fun Co-op for sure. The characters are fun to watch with their various skills .
,Recommended,273350,14516993,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,ThatOneGayDude,This game is amazing.
,Not Recommended,273350,24194240,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,8th | Dovahjun,This game is okay. But after a few matches you get tired of it pretty soon. I'd say it's not worthy.
,Recommended,273350,14474755,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Wallace Grover,"This is the first time I was moved enough to write a Steam review in a couple years, but Evolve took my expectations and blew them away. The concept is amazingly fun with all the different classes playing off one another, and each hunter takes some skill to master. The environment is absolutely amazing with the wildlife and terrain variations. I'm noticing new things every round. I'm already excited for the next round of Hunters currently in development! This is the first time in about two years I've bought a title for full price at release, and I am more than pleased...As for the DLC, I'm still unsure on what the pricing for the monsters and hunters will be in the future. I'll edit the review when the per hunter price is made clear, but it is not inhibiting my enjoyment of the game. I felt I got a pretty good deal for my $60 no matter the outcome of that situation."
76561197976312757,Recommended,273350,17956703,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Destyre,"Pros:- Excellent graphics and sounds.- Immersive atmosphere.- Fantastic presentation.- Great concept.Cons:- Completely reliant on Steam's unreliable community servers. When the ""friends"" part of steam goes down like it does several times a day, every day, you will be thrown out of any multiplayer game you currently have running.- Huge amount of DLC. I picked up the game with the Season 1 pass. The Season 2 pass doesn't give me the rest of the content and it is very pricey. Luckily it's mostly all crap too, the few things worth picking up aren't in season passes and are really expensive. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.- Unskippable cutscenes. Every. Single. Map. Seriously, ♥♥♥♥ you.- TERRIBLE AI. Want to play as a monster against an AI team of hunters? You won't last long as they always know where you are no matter how much you sneak, every shot will hit you and every snare will hit. Want to play against an AI monster with AI team mates? All of a sudden, those lethal, psychic terminators you fought against as a monster turn into a team of pacifists with down syndrome who will not heal or resurrect and will often run off alone. Seriously, why is the AI given a labotomy when they are allies? To give you a challenge? Heh, didn't work.- So you'd rather play vs players? Great idea! But the community is dead, so tough luck. It took me ages to find a match on the matchmaker, even with the free weekend event where I picked up the game.I see where all the potential in this game is and I really want to love it. Because of all the problems that mar the experience, I'll have to just say that it's okay. I don't regret buying it and I do like the game a lot, despite the problems, I'm just hoping that the problems get fixed but that's unlikely. If you have 4 friends that you like to play the game with and get lucky with steam, it's incredibly fun... but seriously, who has 5 friends who all play the same games at the same time? And who can predict steam's down time?This game could be more playable, in my opinion, if they had their own servers or at least the game didn't rely on steam. Also making sure the AI isn't buffed or labotomised. Proper difficulty levels maybe. Make no mistake, this is not a multiplayer game. It's community is dead."
76561197969738769,Recommended,273350,17897799,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Iconix,"I'm a big fan of asymmetric multiplayer, and Evolve does a great job.  The parts of the match where you're tracking down the monster can be a bit tedious, but they do have a certain slow-burn tension that I appreciate, and the fights are intense.  Still hoping for more people to get into it, it's unfortunate that the games that have tried to change the standard multiplayer FPS formula like Evolve and Titanfall never got the player support they deserved.  I'd rather play this over another CoD any day"
76561198122016249,Recommended,273350,23020796,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Gravity,Monster's with insane parkour skills: 10/10!
,Recommended,273350,14426357,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Ziuwaz,Great Game! Lots of fun to play! =)
76561198016815901,Not Recommended,273350,14568902,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Lagoo,"All I wanted was for this game to be good. I resented the negative reviews when I read them because they focused on the DLC and not the actual game. The DLC uproar aside, this game would be a solid pick if they fixed its horrendous buggy programing and BALANCED it.Imagine to yourself all the ways bad programming could affect your enjoyment of a game and that is pretty close to how evolve will play for you.Kicked from the match, you win a match and it resets  it back to day 1 so you so you don't get your victory perk. Then a massive ship will cover your perk ability so you can't choose one and have to leave your lobby. You can't add anyone you play with through the game and you have to add them in steam, because they didn't bother to interface a AAA title with steam, but you better move fast because if you don't manage to spell out their intricate names and do it quickly you'll never see them again.The Tyrant's will grab, kill and eat you and they are supposed to let you go when they take damage but there's a lovely glitch where you have to kill them before they kill your friend and eat your body so dead the laz glove can't rez you.Also the humans get stealth SOUNDS GREAT dosen't it? Well the monsters can smell/see/track you in stealth and then own you mercilessly while you think you're unseeable.The Monsters are so so so so strong. I know the Perma-Monsters don't think this is true but they know in their heart of hearts it is.The Monster has so much mobility  with a stamina perk that unless you've never played a game with a keyboard and a mouse you should be able to easily evade a hunting party until you stage up. Then you just scourge the hunters who have been wasting 10+ minutes of their lives chasing you through a jungle riddled with badly programmed creeps who can grab and kill you or damage you so badly that if you have the misfortune of having a laz on your team you can't get enough healing before the monster comes and one shots you at stage 3.The Kraken's DPS will one shot you stage 2-3.There is a video of the Kraken kill a whole team in 2 minutes after they drop in.The Wraith has so much mobility if you manage to trap it in the dome at stage one ( which the monster player has to be so bad at the game to allow this to happen) it can just warp around the HUGE dome and will take minimal damage. Then it will just warp around the map and evading your team until it hits stage 2-3.Then it will come and 1-2 shot you or fling you into a corner and stand on your body rendering your jet pack completely useless until they rip your body asunder and then feed on you, Laz can't rez your snacked on body (making him useless) and then the monster gains back 20% of its armour from one corpse.There is virtually no story line or character customization whatsoever. The elite skins are almost indiscerable from the normal skins and the DLC skins are basicly the same exact skin with very very minor asthethic changes.I feel like 2k and TurtleRock got my 69.99 and are sitting in their studios chucking to themselves about how they pulled one over on me and everyone else who bought the game.. Im sure the cofounder will just add another 15 cars to his collection and think how great it is to be him.Do I love the lush jungle and incrediable graphics. Unless 2k and Turtle Rock Owns up  that they made a imbalanced and broken game, then they balance the gameplay and rework the glitches this game will plummet into the abyss of nothingness. But honestly I doubt they care, they got our money, what need do they have to fix anything else?It's a shame that they are married to their horrible avatar-esque scifi IP,  I would however be delighted if they just released the code and let gamers create a jurrasic park mod where we could hunt dinosaurs in that lush and gorgeous jungle.Bottom line is DAMN the DLC,  the game its self has so much potential,  so many awesome things could be done with this, I mean a 4v1 monster hunting pure pvp game? HOW COULD YOU MESS THAT UP?!?! I've been waiting for this for YEARS! But the Gaming industry dissapoints again,  but I have no faith in 2k and TutleRock to change it's ways balance the game and save it.Don't Don't Don't waste your money on this like I did. If I had a time machine I would go back in time use that money to mail them tons of glitter instead."
,Not Recommended,273350,14570983,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Ruffle607-BestRhymes2017,boring. repetitive. broken. think it wasnt fun to run in arma 3? wait till you play this.
76561198021805995,Recommended,273350,14420458,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,J.Sperry,7 Hours in so far and I can't stop!
,Not Recommended,273350,14423791,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Supar Farking Bard Arse,Gets boring quick
76561197970508342,Recommended,273350,15531077,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,the_Willard,"Evolve is a game that achieves truly amazing things in an expertly balanced, wildly asymmetrical, deathmatch that is, itself, a true achievment in being something genuinely unique taking a big, loud step into the online competitive shooter realm. Evolve’s attempts to reconcile the emphasis on coordination of specific roles and abilities across a team from games like League of Legends with the spectacle and demands of AAA shooters like Battlefield in not just the structure of the game’s systems, but the pricing as well, ultimately was a shot in it’s own big, scaly foot though.While clearly lacking a large variety of modes, the real depth — and thus, the true enjoyment — of Evolve comes from the game’s most prominent, and most basic mode: Deathmatch. Or Hunt, as the game calls it, but it’s a game of “kill them before they kill you” either way. There is a seemingly valid complaint that having just this single game mode be the bulk of the overall Game, but that complaint rather misses the point of the game (lower case). For one, there are a few other modes. Three in fact. There are even a fair number of Evolve players that prefer them. For two... well, two’s a bit more complicated.The entire game of football is “get the ball to the other side more times than the other team does,” and that’s all there is to its Game (upper case). The entire game of League of Legends is “get to the other side and kill their base before they kill yours.” They have another mode though. Sometimes two or three, in fact. There are even a fair number of League players that perfer them. That’s, more or less, “two.” The next part is where I tell you that, no matter what, Evolve is an excellent, excellent game and one that deserves to survive with a thriving community but, in the second of two parallels to League contained in this sentence, it is definitely not a game for everyone and can be nearly impenetrable to new and/or more casual players.Evolve is all about your character’s 4 abilities. Whether you are Medic, Assault or Monster, Evolve is about knowing how and when to use your abilities on the random AI around the map, your opponent, maybe even yourself and, for team Hunter, your teammates. For the Hunters, this also includes knowing your teammates’ abilities, how best to coordinate them with your AND remembering to “stay in your lane” by sticking to the role your particular class is intended for. More than anything else, more than map knowledge, more than the ability to land a shot, (even a headshot) knowing how to best use the various abilities of the Game’s characters is the key to playing Evolve in very much the same way (and I think we can call this a running theme now) that it is in MOBAs like League, Heroes of the Storm and DOTA 2.Playing as the Hunters is where you’ll see most of the shades of MOBAs that require players to know which route among the many spiderwebbing across the map their opponent is in. And when this means they need to split up. And when it means the Trapper needs to use an ability. Or that the Support does. Or maybe it’s the Medic or Assault’s turn? When you’ve put in the time to learn these tells, and play with others that have done the same, Evolve shines like the glorious, adrenaline-pumping test of skill and tactics that can have you punching your fist in the air with an honest, solid “Hells yeah!” when the epic multiplayer boss battle comes to an end in your favor. The very same is true when that victory comes to you as the Monster, but playing as Monster is a different beast altogether.The Monster is where Evolve really shows the truth of it's name. Not only is the monster “evolving” into larger and more powerful forms, but the way you play the monster, when you’re doing it properly, will evolve throughout the match. As Hunters the match will have more of a cycle as you track and chase the monster, really only changing up when the Monster reaches its 3rd and final stage, pushing you all toward a singular point on the battlefield as insurance that yes, there will be blood. Even that is largely in the control of the Monster. Monsters start out playing a stealth game rather than a deathmatch or shooter. The Monster is trying to stay undetected and collect resources from around the map while avoiding the Hunters entirely or, depending on which Hunters, chipping away at their health to keep them cautious. As it gathers enough to Evolve the game starts to move toward more direct confrontation with the hunters. Weakening them becomes a bit more viable, maybe even taking 1 or 2 of them down would be worth it to let you aim for that final evolution with a slightly blunter blade harassing you along the way. You can try to pick up specific perks from creatures on the map to bolster you for the showdown. When you do that final stage as the monster, it. is. ON.It’s time to mess with the hunters. Weaken them, make them jumpy, lead them around in circles while you sprint straight for the health regen perk, or just their vulnerable power relay. The ball is in your court. The hunters have to hope they chipped away enough of your health or are just THAT good because you are a giant wrecking ball of claws, fanges, blades, lighting, fire and/or tongue that wants to see these four a-holes that have been interrupting your meals for the past 10 minutes go down. Hard. This is, again, a glorious, adrenaline-pumping battle with fists and “hells yeah” and blah blah blah when you win. Winning feels good. Winning something that you really had to work for feels AWESOME. That is what Evolve gives you. An honest, worthwhile thrill that most competitive shooters unabashedly hope they manage to instill in their players.The rabbit hole goes even further for high level play. It’s not enough to know the abilities of your character, your teammates and your opponents, you also need to understand how your opponent plays. This means spending time playing as both Monster and Hunter because it allows you to understand how each is likely move, attack or retreat in a match. This is further augmented by the various perks. No longer the small boosts they are when you first start playing, the level of impact your chosen perk can have on the outcome of the game means even more to consider for high-level players looking to earn that end-of-match fist pump. There is so much depth and honest-to-God FUN to be had from just this single game of “kill them before they kill us (...or destroy the relay)” that makes up the bulk of Evolve’s Game that it is the only inhabitant of my Steam library to come close to the 150-hour mark, much less surpass it.That pricing structure though...This is where the problem with Evolve having all the gameplay focus on characters abilities and updating rosters, so similar to the MOBAs I keep mentioning in this review, comes in: Through the entrance marked ""Free to Play."" Evolve can't fit thgough that same door because it's also a high profile studio's shooter delivering the type of retina-searing graphics that ""next-gen"" gamers demand and that type of production value demands a big development budgets that makes a ""free 2 play"" structure practically impossible to employ.  Beyong the challenges of actually sustaining a AAA_budgeted title with a F2P model is the arguably larger issue that most of the gaming public can't accept a structure they've only known as F2P in a game with the pricetag of a AAA retail release any more than they would be willing to greet a F2P game with the same level of credibility and respect that a $60 retail title receives.  Evolve was designed to sell additional characters that introduce new ways to play the game (without giving an advantage) for the same reason LoL does and costs $60 for the same reason Bloodborne does.  The tragedy is that neighet Turtle Rock nore the gaming public figured out how to reconcile the two in the minds of the latter."
,Recommended,273350,15136665,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,[CSGC] erroneouspower,10 mins given.A lot can be done in 10 minutes .
,Recommended,273350,14847153,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Rioku,This is a fantastic game.  If anyone complains about the DLC they are wrong.  All the DLC is cosmetic not gameplay related.  This is excatly the way we want developers to make games.  Please support this concept and stop spreading the ignorant view that the day 0 DLC is a bad thing.
,Not Recommended,273350,14508552,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,FrontlinePlay,"WORST RELEASE I'VE EVER SEEN. TOO MANY BUGS. YOUR CURSOR WILL BE PRESENT IN FIRST PERSON, YOU'LL FALL THROUGH THE WORLD, AFTER BEING ATTACKED BY A WRAITH TO FALL SIDEWAYS AND ARE STUCK, DX ERRORS, OPTIMIZATION ISSUES. NEVER BUYING FROM TURTLE ROCK AGAIN. I CANT BELIEVE THEY ARE GETTING AWAY WITH CHARGING $60 FOR A STEAMING PILE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥LIKE THIS."
76561197975585831,Recommended,273350,14983091,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Dirty!,"You know what? Evolve isn't for everyone. You need half a brain and two or more buddies to play with. If you don't have anyone to play with or like playing solo? Take a few hours to learn how to play the monster. When I first started, it took me and my buddies a good five to ten hours of playing to find the classes and roles we like to play.People are complaining about the money for the game and DLC. If you don't like it, DON'T BUY IT~! Go back to playing free to play games. Do you really think these people build us games for the goodness of their hearts? Get real. They are looking to make money like everyone else and put food on the table.People complain about replay value? Has anyone complained about CS replay value or BF replay value? Hell even COD replay value? My god, looking into league of legend~!!! They have the same three maps for the last SIX YEARS~! Yet people still play it.IF you are someone that does complain about replay value? I don't think FPS are for you mate. You should head back to RPG'sEvolve is the same as all those games but instend of 5v5 or 16vs16 or 32vs32 matches. It is 4v1. Myself I don't buy FPS for single player mode. I play FPS to play with my friends. If there is single player mode? I use it to get my video/mouse settings in order. This isn't 1993 where you played Doom in your parents basement~! You are not on dail-up~!! (and if you are? I cry for you) FPS now a days are mostly about online PvP. IMO I think Evolve is a nice change to the Run and Gun / Spray and Pray FPS. Evolve gets you thinking.I hear people calling Evolve a running sim? Well how else to you get from point A to point B? I love the Jet Packs and scaling the map. It reminds me of Tribes. There is no reason why if you have a GOOD trapper, you shouldn't be on the monster 24/7. I know it is hard to do but if you play Evolve, YOU NEED TO THINK~! It is NOT a Run and Gun / Spray and Pray game like CS/BF/COD to name a few. You just can't go running blindly into the wild.Speaking of Wild. Damn nature you scary~!! That was one of the selling points to this game for me. The environment CAN KILL YOU~! If you are a player that likes to run off by yourself? GG. But don't get me wrong. There are times when you need to break off to cut off the monster as a trapper or cut across the map to catch up with the team. However, you need to be careful of what is around you. One miss step is the difference between trapping a monster and trapping yourself in a plant or a death roll. Plus the weather can change the map. Rain can be a monsters best friend.Over all the game is great to play with friends or even solo. Just because there are only a few maps/hunters/monsters now, doesn't mean that is it. Once you find a class and role to play. Learn them all for that class. If played RIGHT~! you don't need to worry about progression at all. The progression is there way of teaching you how to play that hunter. Every hunter has its role to play and some hunters work better with other hunters. Test it out. Don't just play Five hours of the game and say it is garbage."
76561198032305622,Not Recommended,273350,14615491,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Torvac,"really unbalancedbroken matchmakingdlc ♥♥♥♥upvery long loading timesgets old very quick, either large part of content got held back or its just unfinishedcharacter mastery is kind of stupid and favors dlci wonder how a gamedev comes up with the brilliant idea to set goals like ""revive others"" or random stuff like ""randomly revived by my trapper pet"" as character goals to level up my char (basically means for a doc to let players die so he can rezz them a lot)"
,Recommended,273350,14525249,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Thone,"Ok guys...Yes, the game is not exeptionally broad in its content...Yes, the dlc scheme is horrid at best...but all things considered...it is a freaking well designed, incredibly fun and unique gamequit all yal hatingout."
76561198084482215,Not Recommended,273350,14639313,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Kami Sama,CRASHES MY COMPUTER AND NOTHING I CAN DO I SPENT 100 BUCKS FOR THIS AND WOULD LIKE MY MONEY BACK
,Recommended,273350,14539293,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,GREEN MAN,okay so Evolve is an amazing game thats alot of fun (been playing fore 3 days still get excited every match) and i think if you think its gonna be fun it will be.now my favorite part about this entire launch is the dlc rage. idk where all of you guys have honstely been for the past 10 years. but day1 dlc and skins have been a thing for years. if your mad about the skins then dont buy them simple as that. as for the season pass. your gonna get the monsters and hunters that come out. maps and the like are gonna be free. so im really confuzzled as to how all of you angry people are so angry. again its been going on for 10 years do you just sit around angry........sidebar: i in no way agree with skins and dayone dlc and other scams of the like. but if you dont wanna buy them then dont. its not forced to play. and if your crying about the prices of hunters and monsters....buy the season pass like every other AAA game has done for the past 10 years.Stop Crying. Start Hunting.
76561198043885208,Not Recommended,273350,14431891,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Robotic,"Fun game by itself, can get a bit repetitive at the moment, I really hope it doesn't share the faith of titanfall. A lot of crashes at the moment, but the gameplay itself pays off. The play your favourite system is♥♥♥♥♥ as I literally played my last on list 3 times in a row now.Now, pricing, overpriced, lack of content in the base game, DLCs are now priced almost as much as the game itself and they will add more, I don't understand what the heck is the point of on realese day DLC, it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, if you built content for the game by its deadline, add it, then sure add skins and crap for 2 dollars.I have mixed feelings when it comes to supporting this game, the studio does deserve the money but the publisher does not, idiotic bussiness model, not even microtransation, just full on give me $20 then another $20 then another $20. Noone can afford that crap.I did preorder the game out of hype, but now I regret it as after very few matches I found it repetitive, as I cannot unlock more support characters, which is my favourite role, because I keep getting either Monster, or other random ones.TL;DR Wait till it goes on sale and gets updates."
76561198042910531,Recommended,273350,12736057,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Viola,"Super Fun.... When it doesn't crash.download it now and wait for the bug fixes, id really like to finish atleast 1 game..."
76561198085078123,Not Recommended,273350,24237456,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Arxav,"Evolve Stage 2Evolve is better than ever a new game that brings a breath of fresh air into the shooter genre, no not really.First an indepth mini guide on how to win every single game.1.Pick monster (any will do)2.WinExplanationThe monster is ~420% faster than the hunters could ever be.The monster kills any hunter in 2-3 hits while all hunters have to hammer on the monster for 5 min to leave a minor dent in it's armor.The monster is ~690% faster than the hunters could ever be.The folowing are not required to play monster successfully: Skill, a brain, remotely trying and beeing awake.The monster is slightly faster than the hunters could ever be.This once AAA title got ""evolved"" into a f2p model game because of one reason; the playerbase on peak hours was ~100 people. Now why where there so few people playing this game? Some people got turned off by the price and the many, many dlc's but the people who still bought it ran away as fast as they could because it's not fun, it's not fun to play a game you know ok if I don't get the monster role im probably gonna lose, and then you spend 15-20 min in the running simulator to get killed by a stage 3 monster who just rips apart everyone at the relay. And the 100 people left where the monster players, who had fun because they win round after round. Trying to communicate with those people and trying to constructively say that the monsters may be a bit op and you aint stand a chance is not a good Idea because ofcourse the people who play monster want to dominate; all you will recive as answers are very toxic insults and comments about how really the monsters are to weak, that someone slept with your mother and that you should end your life. It's very sad and dissapointing that that is the point this community is at.If you don't want to spend +40gb on your drive and a miserable time with this softwaregore, do not install it, it is not worth your time.Edit #1I've now tried and succeeded to just wait at spawn (as the monster), and kill the hunter team. I've done this with every monster multiple times, without a problem. So yeah, balanced, obviously."
,Not Recommended,273350,29769857,Posted: 7 February,all,[ ุ ],DLC nightmare♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,273350,14418601,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Stone Cold Steve Autism,Do you like running in circles? dying in 2 minutes to a monster thats easy to play? then this game is for you! running simulator 2015 now features day 1 dlc and even more running.
76561198037588044,Recommended,273350,14601388,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Reek,Very good competative game encouraging teamwork with freinds or with others. Playing with random people works well most of the time and is generally a lot of fun. The outcry over the DLC is over the top as all the DLC at the moment is cosmetic and all future maps will be released for FREE!!. The actual gameplay itself is well balanced (For the most part) you will find a role you like best and you will normally get it even with randoms. Many people say playing the monster is the least fun I disagree it just plays very differently to the hunters and is down to personal prefernace requires a lot of thought and is very satisfying to win with 100% recommend to any fans of multiplayer team based games this is definatly one of the best!!!
76561198003220771,Recommended,273350,17710946,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Naitch,"Lot of fun, would reccommend when on sale. dlc/extra characters are way overpriced"
76561198086272414,Recommended,273350,17247494,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,kageryudo,"A great unique gaming experience with amazing graphics (if you got the hardware), an all around amazing game but i must be honest the game popularity is gone but i belive it will be back up there with all the other AAA game titles once ranked comes out + the new monster pack.7/10 Only because the servers are still quiet empty but i belive it wont be for long :D"
,Recommended,273350,17305667,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,s!mple,its a nice game with good graphics and good audios ... its nice not more
76561197978838136,Recommended,273350,17889437,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Locane,This is a perfect example of a great game that suffered from terrible PR.  $20 is a small price to pay for the tight team play and progression-that-matters leveling system.  I beta tested this game for a weekend and it was pretty sweet.  I'm glad to own it now.
,Not Recommended,273350,24162361,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Damokles,"""Hey let's make the game, people already paid 50 bucks for, free to play so everyone can pay us for content which should be free""  Since i paid enough money for that goddamn game already and can't get my money back, I am just going to leave this review here and i hope everyone who paid too will do the same."
,Not Recommended,273350,19979371,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Robit,$$$
,Not Recommended,273350,21150173,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,LY,i use my controller to play this game and i thought it was a vibrator to stuff right up my♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,273350,14440159,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Rob,"Runs GreatGameplay is exciting and funI am not sure why people think that a publishers actions reflect on the quality of the title, not to mention it doesnt effect balance at all. Only skins are available. I imagine the discussion regarding the day 1 DLC went something like the following.Developers""Hey look at all these cool skins we made for the characters and monsters!""Publisher""Great! You can use one for the game and we will offer the rest as DLC day 1!!!""Developers""Uhhh, thats not really what we had in mind...""Publisher""To bad, we own you!""Don't blame a great design studio for the actions of a nickle and dime developer.These guys did a fantastic job, and they deserve recognition for their work.I highly reccommend this game."
76561197963618836,Not Recommended,273350,14417878,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Leucrota,"Had to sell a rolex to afford it, but decent play, just horrendous business practices.."
76561198007613376,Recommended,273350,14500782,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Curley,"DLC is optional, if you don't want it, don't buy it. The core game is great and they'll be releasing new maps and modes for free so as not to split the community, unlike most multiplayer franchises. It's frustrating seeing so many people jump on the DLC-hating bandwagon rather than judge the game itself. The amount of detail in the characters, dialog, monsters, neutral critters, etc. is pretty deep, and I applaud Turtle Rock for world building alone. Still, I'm not sure I would recommend the $60 tag for everybody, but it's the same developer as L4D and same publisher as Borderlands, and that stuff goes on sale all the time."
,Recommended,273350,14501371,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Grazal Thruka,"Quite fun. The different teams have two very different playstyles, and the balance of power shifts very quickly.Hard to get the hang of, but really fun once you do."
15743218764587945,Not Recommended,273350,16016363,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Kornflake,MONEY HUNGRY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198044342349,Recommended,273350,14539602,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Hatsplay,"It might need some balancing tools, It's all dependant on if you are a good player or a great player. Trying the kraken out for awhile, been able to wipe many teams out of existence, however when it comes to one good medic who tranqs me permantly in game, it's all over."
76561198062664310,Not Recommended,273350,24171624,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Disconnected,i paid money for dlc and this?
76561198068148255,Recommended,273350,12783750,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Onwafu,"As what Big Alpha has to offer,I can say that i enjoyed it, especially when playing as monster. Not many games allows you to be a predatorous monster that kills players.Pros:- competitive play.- Good video tips when playing a character for the first time, makes the game easier to grasp.- working together as a team with friends or randoms.- killing friends / randoms and eat their corpse.- Nice enviroment (hoping for more weather effects)- Gameplay is enoyable (sadly theres only one mode for now)- Archiving victory is most of the time emotionally rewarding for both sides.- AI for hunters sometimes plays better than players, especially medic and support. ( Support always shields on time, and Medic never leaves anyone unattended )there are a few bugs that can be annoying such as:- Some parts of the HUD missing at times ( monster feasting timer, Health bar of monster, creatures and players)- Poor connection can cause animation bug, especially as monster ( Freezes at a pose, but still moves around as normal)- Corpse of creatures disppearing immediately when killed ( Fustrating when it happens playing as monster )- This only happened once so far, where i could not eat nor evolve and had to duke it out with hunters in stage one form.Other Cons are:- The game is very heavy on low to mid end computer, most cases becomes unplayable.- Requires good internet connection ( what doesnt these days )- Gets repetitive once you learnt the game.Overall, I am looking forward to this game's future but still not willing to buy this game at its current price untill further development into this game can be seen."
76561198026393308,Recommended,273350,15793714,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,TripleR3D,"I'm here to point out why you should ignore 99% of the negative reviews on this game.The Common Complaints:- Not Worth the Price? -At the time of this review, I've played the game for 174 hours and I've still only maxed out 3 of the 20 characters. I'm also still having FUN playing the game. 100% worth the price as far as I'm concerned.- Not Enough Content? -Complete nonsense. Let's compare Evolve to Left4Dead (a very similar game also made by Turtle Rock Studios):=Left4Dead=+ 4 mechanically identical human characters+ 4 playable Infected.+ 22 total maps+ 3 game modes/variants (singleplayer campaign, multiplayer campaign, versus)=Evolve=+ 12 mechanically varied human characters+ 3 playable monsters+ 16 total maps+ 8 game modes/variants (singleplayer hunt, nest, rescue, defend -- multiplayer hunt, nest, rescue, defend)Evolve has the same, if not arguably more content than Left4Dead - a game that's given almost universal praise. Regardless, both games essentially generate their own ""content value"" as they are both deliberately designed to have matches that never play out the same. Both games are amazing in many of the same ways, and are easily worth their $60 price tags. (Yes, Left4Dead also cost $60 when it came out. How shocking.)- Day-one DLC? -This complaint is just a straight-up lie. There was absolutely no DLC to be bought at launch. You could ""pre-order"" future DLC for a cheaper price, and you'd receive said DLC when it was released. This has been done many times before - it's nothing new. The only thing you could immediately purchase on release was cosmetic skins for your characters.1. Skins are cosmetics. Not DLC.2. You don't need skins. They don't affect the gameplay in any way whatsoever.3. The skins have by far the most reasonable prices I have ever seen in a game: $2.50 for one skin, or $6 for a set of three. League of Legends charges $10-25 for a single skin. Dota 2 has $5-35 skins.While I agree that they could have / should have just included those skins in the game for free, does it really matter that much? They give a free skin out every two weeks or so, in addition to the free ""elite"" skins you can unlock (for free) for each character.- ""Game is Dead"" -What a joke. These are the same people who like to say World of Warcraft is ""dead"". Just like that game, Evolve is not - and probably never will be - ""dead"".  In all the time I've played the game, I've never once had trouble finding a game. When you queue up for matchmaking, it will likely take less than 10 seconds to be put into a match.Well, I think that sums up and disproves every idiotic complaint I've seen about the game...TL;DR -  In short, don't believe the ""whiners"" you see on Steam Reviews. They are the minority and will say anything in their pathetic attempts to bring down this game. If you want a great game, look no further - this is easily one of the best games to come out in years."
76561198000863115,Not Recommended,273350,14428460,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Leroi Duspam,"Fun?  Not bad.Worth $60?  Leroi cannot say yes.As for all of the DLC, I understand that gaming companies need to make money...and I want them to.  But $5-$7 for skin packs?  Sure, some people will go for it, but it is really lame.  Content of this game is so minute compared to other $60 games."
,Recommended,273350,14427858,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Grim Lief,"EDIT 7/7/2016: So this game is now free to play! I would feel a bit salty since I payed for it but honestly I've gotten so much fun out of this game that I'm just glad so many others can now too. People who bought the game now have ""Founder status"" which means you keep everything you previously had, and will get some free stuff now, and more in the future! (all future adaptations for characters you already have will be instantly unlocked + animated badges + more!)The game now has a weekly character rotation for new players, meaning every week there will be 4 hunters + 1 monster that are available for you to play as! But after gaining enough silver keys (Which you can only gain through playing the game) you can unlock them permanently! (Goliath and Markov can actually be earned simply by playing the tutorial!) Speaking of silver keys, literally everything is unlocked with them now! You can get all the Character skins/Weapon skins + Characters themselves just by playing the game.Much of the game has been revised, from the way the dome works, to abilities being swapped out with better ones, and 4 of the maps getting big changes! (More maps will likely be getting the same treatment soon! Goodbye doom and gloom maps, I will miss you greatly!)Over a year in and the devs are still surprising me. I'm looking forward to another 600+ hours, and I really hope to see you there!TLDR:+Everything is free / is earned!+Character+Weapon skins are a thing now!+People that bought the game get a bunch of stuff now, and more in the future!+The whole game has been rebalanced around fighting and not running for less frustrating matches!+Weekly character rotation for new players!"
76561197993405980,Not Recommended,273350,24219023,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Bubbles,"Devs. really should have given those who purchased the monster race edition ALL cosmetics in FTP. I paid $100 for a game that went dead and turned into FTP full of new players who don't know what they are doing and a pretty big downsize in overall game content.Not to mention all the bugs in the game still exist, and they are calling the game now IN BETA.... Yes, the game that has been out since the beginning of last year. Still hearing in-game sound issues & glitching. Nice...Great concept, horrible coding & player feedback awareness."
76561198035925471,Recommended,273350,30260080,Posted: 1 March,all,Kags,"It makes me sad, to know that such a good game has such a bad reputation.  Yes, the release was fumbled. Yes the paid dlc content was through the roof and unacceptable.  I actually preordered the game way back when it was released, $80 for a well made and fun to play game.  I don't regret it now, even though the game has been made free to play.The community in this game is very nearly dead.  I get matched up with the same people from game to game just because there are so few people actually queued up.  Too many hear the name Evolve and think of the bad launch, the overpriced dlc, the greed of the developers.  But none of that matters anymore.  The game has been made free to play.  It's as simple as that, there's no more overpriced dlc to experience the full game, there's no more money pandering, picking our wallets clean by the developers.To anyone reading this review, please, give the game a try.  It's a free addition to your library with only a mid-length download.  There's no downside to trying, and if you don't like it then you can just uninstall at no cost to yourself.  Please, help revive this game, because it really is that good."
76561197997960819,Not Recommended,273350,17965766,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Taggerinc,"UPDATE:08/20/16.....Evolve has gone F2P. They claim major changes in gameplay. Owners of the original game are supposed to get bonuses and perks. Ok, maybe I'll look again......First problem. One of the perks of being a ""founder"" (an owner of the original game) is that I'm supposed to have access to all of my toons without doing the tutorial. I don't. The game says I can't use the base assault toon until I complete the tutorial. I do have access to the rest......2nd item. While I do have access to all of the toons and gear I had before, (minus the one tied to the tutorial) they all have to be leveled from zero. As I recall that means leveling the toon and each weapon/skill that each toon carries. Twenty plus toons, 2 or 3 skills/weapons for each... lets see thats... ridiculous......3rd item. In the orig game you could run solo arenas to level all the items noted above. In the process you learned how each item behaved and it was fun. No more. Now you have to grind xp on public servers waiting through lobby after lobby to hopefully gain some tiny bump in your level. You can still practice but you earn no xp and some of the items you'll want to experience won't unlock until you level up......4th item. loading times and the number of menus has dropped. (This is good) But I still find myself spending more time in lobby setting up for a game that I am playing......Here's a play-by-play of my return to the online portion of the game.Select a game mode, search for a game............Find a game quickly!...........Wait 10 secs, load class selection screen.Wait, I'm the monster? My prefered class is anything but the monster and one of the other players prefers monster, Why am I the monster?...........Select a class, wait for humliation to begin............Wait for the hunters to select classes............Wait for the map to load............Wait for the opening cut scene............The game goes horribly since I haven't practiced the monster. Why would I? I can't get any xp or bonuses from it. Not to mention that all the other players are a much higher level than I am.Lets try again shall we?...........Find a game quickly! (this is good!)...........Wait 10 secs, load class selection screen............Select a class, someone leaves............Wait for game to find another player............Wait 10 secs, load class selection screen............Select a class, someone leaves............Wait for game to find another player.Repeat this process five more times... Seriously...wtfPlay one game. Lose to an Elite player. At least it was over quickly right.Begin the process above and repeat the class selection loop another 4 or 5 times.Play another game. Repeat.In all I played four games.Game 1 - A team  of lower level hunters is matched against an elite player.Game 2 - The monster crashes, loses connection, or gets stuck, hunters win.Game 3 - Wander around until time almost runs out, lvl 2 monster attacks, hunters win.Game 4 - Server crashes mid combat. We sit and chat with each other while we wait to see if the server will recover or crash. Connection to host lost. Exit game.Summary: Lots of loading screens, lots of loading time, A LOT of time spent running/sneaking around hoping for a few minutes of intense combat. Matchmaking is ridiculous pitting high rank elites against low level noobs.If you like the concept of this game but would like to play something that is simpler to learn, more intuitive, doesn't make you wait to play, consistently provides intense gameplay, and is everything that you had hoped this game would be, try Depth. It's excellent!Below are details from my first review that I still find valid:PLAYING AS THE MONSTER:Using the default settings, I tried various monsters. The first half a dozen times I never managed to evolve to level 3. There are flocks of birds (that give away your location) near all of the big animals that you want to kill. So if you want to get clean kills you have to hunt the smaller animals. If you manage to avoid the flocks of birds, the carion birds (that are supposed to be random) spawn almost every time you kill anything. This seems to happen every single time once you've evolved to the 2nd level. If you engage one of the big ones or a bunch of the small ones, you won't be able to eat them because the hunters will have arrived in the time it took you to kill them.So you spend the whole time running from the hunters until you get trapped and die because you're not at level 3 yet or you actually reach level 3. But that's not enough, you have to keep running and eating things until you have full armor as well.Once you've reached level three (with full armor) you're supposed to be a bad♥♥♥♥♥ But you're not.I've managed to kill up to 3 hunters before being killed. On the only map I've won in the time I've put in, I killed three hunters and the 4th one disapeared. Did he run away? I have no idea, I couldn't find him, so I went and destroyed the generator/reactor/whatever.It's still difficult to tell which hunter is the medic and which one is the support so you don't know who to target first. Obviously you want to kill the medic, but how the hell are you supposed to know which one is which? The bot monsters almost always kill the medic first.Using the Monsters weapons/skill are harder than they should be.I try using the fire breath and the target disapears in the fire, by the time the fire is out, he's somewhere else.The same goes for rock throwing and lunging, by the time you've completed the attack, they've moved.In close combat it's dfficult/impossible to target the hunters because you can't see them when they're underneath you.You think you're pounding the crap out of one of them but he isn't there anymore. You thought he was in front of you, but how the hell did he end up over there?PLAYING AS THE HUNTER:Playing in arena or defend mode gives you the time and opportunity to experiment with characters and loadouts. You can control the number of rounds, length of rounds, and the difficulty level.Arena mode is fun. But you can no longer level your toon or gear in it.My final analysis has not changed. The multiplayer portion of the game (which is the most important part) is a lot of frustration and running around for a few moments of action, that probably won't generate any sense of satisfaction."
76561198106486587,Recommended,273350,14540229,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Devon,its an awesome game i although not always balanced. when you play the monster it seems as though you are a lot weaker than whenever you are playing as the Hunter.over all its a good game. hopefully  it will be playable soon even though it was already released
,Recommended,273350,14540249,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,[XI] paterance,"Updated.Its still a fun game, looks gorgeous.A 4v1 action game where the hunters gotta hunt down the monster to win and the monster gotta evolve and kill the hunters/destroy the generator to win.I liked this game before it went f2p and I still do.Few changes that im not happy with would be the change in the character abilities.The new way of handling them makes them a bit less interresting, for example supports get the team shield thing which replaced cabots invisibility field and buckets uav thing.Its a very skill based game that requires teamwork from the hunters, a smart monster can destroy uncordinated teams no problem.The characters and monsters are very unique and fun, even with the small changes to the abilities.The game could use a bit more gamemodes as the hunt might get a bit boring.I hope that the game maintains a good playerbase, but you never know.Runs very smoothly, overall i think its very solid in the technical side.My favourite characters as of writing this gotta be Cabot,Torvald,LennoxA solid 8/10 worth every f2p cent.(Tho im kinda mad about losing my Cabot elite skin )"
,Recommended,273350,16104842,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Riku (VA),"Think advanced Left 4 Dead with Aliens. If you we're expecting a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of fun, play with your friends. It's a good game overall but it suffers from the massive amount of DLC payments.....8.4/10 rating."
,Recommended,273350,16109280,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Spino,"I have been playing for a while, and it is very fun, Hunter or Monster! If you complain about DLC pricing don't buy it, Season pass and the game price is no different than any other game..And it would be more alive if people would stop pushing new players away.As in, Creating a ton of fake accounts to dislike all the positive reviews, And saying to people wanting to buy, ""NO DON'T THE GAME IS DEAD!"", it has lost players because of the people like that."
,Recommended,273350,24163004,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,DoubleDipin,dis game is da real deel meal m8s u cant get dat booty like dat anymore
76561198013756738,Not Recommended,273350,14632190,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Archmage MC,"So many years put into a buggy game? A triple AAA tilte has NO reason to be this buggy on release, especailly with an alpha and beta period. The monster controls so clunky and there are lots and lots of bugs regarding the physics of this game. Especially when you as a hunter get kncoked off a cliff into water. Sometimes you just swim in the air and can't shoot your weapons til you die!Not to mention how boring this game is. Playing the monster is stressful and annoying until your level 3 with some armor, and for the hunters, its basically a chase simulator, especailly with the Wraith.And since this game is also on consoles, patches are very slow to come out for this game. And finally.... 5 dollars for some weapon skins? You can buy a little ceasers pizza for that much!Hoping to make an Esport out of this game? Good luck! the only tournaments will be on the Xbone, so there is no reason to get the PC version if thats what you wanna do.And no modding. That just kills the game entirely for any long duration playing.TDLR: Poor effort put into this game by the devs, DLC being too expensive, and the fact it was ported to consoles whne it needs to be patched heavily."
,Not Recommended,273350,22837993,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,ㅎ,Too little players and takes such a long time to get a proper match :(
,Recommended,273350,14413575,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,BelialLegion,Best played with friends
,Recommended,273350,12755587,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Claussm,"Very promising overall.I wish the jetpacks had more juice. Even with the boosting perks, it feels like it's not enough. There were a few games that would have turned out differently, I think, if I wouldn't have spiraled to the bottom of a chasm while in pursuit of the monster and my team.Can't wait to play the finished product!"
76561198077857637,Recommended,273350,14537024,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,ChainingWall616,"The game overall is really enjoyable for new players, the offline custom games are good for practice until you ready for online, as for mor advanced players the online is usually quite unfair because new comers might have to come up against more trained players. It seems the more you play the game the better of an advantage you have, i mean i just reached level 33 on the x box one and i feel really overpowered having 75% faster feeding speed, as for the store the prices are disgusting you have to pay £5.59 just for a monster skin bundle and £19.99 for the season pass. They should just let evolve see the light and blossom instead of keeping it in the dark behind layer after layer of paywalls. But on the other hand, the game lives up to my hype for sure it is really fun with friends and if your all good at your class, all have headsets and play your part it can be one of the most fun things ever. I love evolve but agree it has its flaws, overall I think this game is only worth getting if you have friends that will get it too."
,Recommended,273350,14538065,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Papa Ronin,"Let me cover the negatives, this game isn't for everyone, so lets rule you out.#1: This is basically an MP only game. It DOES have solo mode, and the bots are pretty darned good... but it's just the MP game with bots. There is a ""story"" mode called ""Evacuation"", but it's not much story really... Just loose bits with some random modifiers to each match to add context.The real meat and potatoes is the MP though. It's a hunt game, and playing with and against living people is the entire point and highlight.#2: This is BOTH a coop game & a solo game. If you only plan to play solo, and don't like coordinating with randoms, that really only leaves you with monster which is the smaller half of this game. If you've got a group to play with, or enjoy *communicating* with random teammates, you will enjoy Hunters, with up to 4 roles (of which most people like about 2, though I enjoy all 4) to play. Best is if you like both playing as a team AND playing solo, as only then do you really get the full value. Without that, I could easily recommend waiting for a sale.#3: There's a LOT of DLC that looks really bad, but lets clear a couple things up. The majority is skins. You don't *need* any of it, and it's the only content *available now*. There is no *real* day 1 DLC content. Some people really like skin customization, and I can see this as a negative for you however. There are a couple you can get for free, I think, maybe not, and they cost a couple bucks each (or about 5-6 for a class bundle of a single skin) so if you're patient, and discerning, you could get what you really want really cheap during a sale.The Characters DLC is where the prices hurt though for most people. Skins aren't a big deal to most, but $15 monsters and $7.50 per hunter (save $5 if you buy a 4 pack, whoopee) is a bit steep. Personally I plan on waiting it out, seeing how they develop, and get balanced, and grab 1 or maybe 2 during a big steam sale for a lot less, and KNOW what I'm gonna get. I would NOT recommend buying their hunter pack now at all.There's a reason for this DLC structure though, and that's because, and I don't know why they haven't promoted this more.... but ALL map and mode DLC will be 100% FREE, to everyone, always. What this means is no matter whether you buy any DLC at all or not, you will NEVER get segregated from the community. If someone buys a character and plays in a match with you, that just allows them access to use it if they're in the right roll.  So someone who preordered will have the 4th monster, ""Behemoth"", and if you don't buy it as a post launch player (I wouldn't until sale, I preordered though) then you can still play against him in matches.The game itself is great. The 2 sides play very differently, which is why I highly recommend this only to people who would enjoy both sides... cooperative with *required* teamwork and class roles, as well as the monster who is by them self against 4, possibly and hopefully coordinated, human enemies trying to hunt you.The hunter types each play very differently, but even the 3 different characters within each class offer a lot of diversity. While the Tier1 hunters are typically more straight-forward, they aren't really worse... some of the Tier3 character abilities can be potent, but they in general require better use, and they aren't necessarrily the best option, and certainly not at all things.Unlocking them is a minor early chore, but it doesn't take long, and can be done offline (recommended for a couple particularly dumb tasks... like the Robot supports UAV flight time. It can be useful in matches at times, but often very short distances/use, and not very often, so it'd take forever in live matches unless you were an intentional detriment to your team... be a buddy, do that one offline)Your job is to track down and find the monster. Different hunters have different tools, so your capabilities here differ. Tier1 trapper gives you Daisy, an alien hound dog that is by far the best tracking assist available in the game. See, I told you T1's were viable. The Tier2 trapper has sound spikes which set up large AoE's that will pick up monster movement, but they can sneak through the zones without setting off alarm, so it isn't *perfect*. The Tier3 trapper has *no locating aides at all* but instead has a tracking dart that, once the monster is found, can make it particularly difficult for the monster to escape notice again. A couple of the supports offer a potential boon to monster tracking, while 2 of the medics offer a method to close the distance (one + party speed, the other slows the monster down and highlights for a few seconds)The monsters are more simply spread out with a direct offensive play type, a ranged attack type, and a hit and run ambusher. The 4th looks to be ""more tanky"" but will probably have less movement and assault as the first. No matter what though, you want to sneak and hide and avoid fighting in Stage1 and feed up to Stage2 as quickly and safely as possible. Ideally you want to get to Stage 3, but a fight in stage 2 isn't always bad if you can get a couple knockdowns on the hunters. A knockdown gives a hunter a ""strike"" and each strike eats 1/5th of their health bar. If they get the max of 2 strikes, and incapacitation is instant death and waiting on the dropship (2min timer from first hunter death) Of course, 1 of the medics (the one w.o any boon to help close on the monster) has a revive method that erases that strike, and can even revive full dead players waiting on dropship unless the monster eats the body. This medic also gives up any healing beyond the medic staple heal burst which is on a long cooldown as an additional balance to this ability (the other medics try to keep you from ever going down ideally).So... between the 4 classes, and the monster, and 3 of each type within them....there really is a lot of content to this game. Every class (including monsters) you don't like is a big chunk of content you're not enjoying... so keep that in mind.... and it's really best if there's at least 1 hunter and 1 monster you like playing.And you need to like communication as a hunter...and so while this game isn't for everyone, it's an absolute gem to those who enjoy a good Hunt... from both sides."
,Recommended,273350,14563330,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,JUNKIExMONKEY,Great game.. BUT!!!! WHAT IS ALL THE HEAVY PAID DLC
,Recommended,273350,14602978,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Abacabb,Yes.
,Recommended,273350,14542023,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Reggie,Good m9
76561198063812259,Not Recommended,273350,14443349,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,WHYSOEASY︻デ╦──,There's bug when jumping off the spaceship
76561198040122322,Recommended,273350,14439885,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Travster1,"To everyone complaining about the DLC: IT'S SKINS YOU BIG BABIES, HAS ABSOLUTLY NO EFFECT ON THE GAMEPLAY AND YOU'RE ALL BANDWAGONING BECAUSE YOU REFUSE TO DO RESEARCH. So congrats on making a big deal over nothing. Must really suck that you can't turn your gun from red to dark red.  OH THE MAP DLC WILL BE FREE TOO. The game worked at launch. The win rate for monster/hunter is 50/50. Graphics are amazing. Few glitches. Great gameplay. My only gripe with the game is when people have no idea how to play their role then you're screwed."
,Recommended,273350,14440242,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,EPIC.DK,"People complaining of DLC need to look at every single other game on the market. DLC is what companies do now, yes some have more than others and some have very little DLC.This game is fun and competitive, if four friends and yourself group up and play, you can have a huge amount of fun constantly switching off who the monster is and bragging rights for whoever wins.The game is like I've seen said other places, cat and mouse, which at one point the mouse gets big enough to eat the cat. Now don't get me wrong a level 3 monster is strong and hard to kill, but not impossible, strategy and combining abilities and timing can because you take down the monster quickly.The biggest mistake players make is once the monster hits level 3 they stop hunting and retreat back to the objective and proceed to let the Monster max out its armor and search around for a buff to help kill you. There has been many times as me being the monster I would evolve to stage 3 and the hunters which were just on the other side of the wall when I evolved would retreat and let me fully buff up before going in. Not smart, a freshly evolved monster has 0 armor and is it’s most vulnerable. Not to mention that out in the environment you have a better chance at survival than stuck around an objective where the monster and concentrate you guys into a small area.Don't listen to the nay sayers of this game, just cause it has DLC doesn't make it a flop or a fail, I mean look at BF4 with all there DLC, or ArcheAge, Sims 3/4, WoW, and many others. The DLC doesn't make it pay to win, as you can win with any combination of hunters, or any of the monsters. It is all about playing intelligently (I know a hard concept with gamers these days) and knowing when you go in and how to hunt."
76561198059562224,Recommended,273350,14466078,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Entrox Licher,"TL;DR: Game is fantastic, fresh, innovative, and deep.  Very badly marketed.OK well. let's see if I can get through this without getting raged at or raging myself.  Evolve is a good game, a great game really.  It is fresh, it is new, it is innovative, it's honestly one of the best games I have played in a long time.  The fact that Turtle Rock could make it so both Hunters and Monsters are balanced and fun is amazing to me.  Now normally I don't really review games, because usually when I scroll through the reviews, most of what i would say is already there.  But scrolling through this game's reviews is depressing to me.  While there are a few very fair criticisms, most of it is just a lot rage that is distracting from a fantastic game.  So let me give it to you straight:Let's start with cons to get it out of the way.  2K screwed up.  I'm pretty sure we can agree on that.  Turtle Rock practically stated it in an interview.  The buisness model is bad, especially all things DLC.  The 'season pass', the skins, all of it is badly marketed.  However, that does not mean the game isn't worth $60, but I'll get to that later.  Next, the matchmaking, as it stands, needs some work.  It is a bit difficult to just get on for a casual game or two right now.  Don;t think is the servers but more the matchmaking system unto itself.  And, so help me, I can't find much else wrong with the game.  There are a few glitches and bugs but nothing game-breaking (at least not in my experience), and they are being worked on.Now everything good about this game.  Right off the bat, the gameplay.  It is honestly an experience unlike anything  I have ever seen.  Many people complain about how it's just boring tracking and wandering for more than half a match until the fight.  I think that the hunt is half the experience.  If you wanna just fight and shoot, there are plenty of good FPS games out there.  If you covet the actual Monster VS Hunter fights, make a custom game.  But if you want the full experience of Evolve you need to be able to understand and enjoy the hunt.  The looking for tracks and then trying to not just follow them but figure out where the monster is going to cut it off.  Seeing the tracks go in one direction but your sensors are telling you it's on the other side of the map.  Seeing birds in the far distance and knowing that's where you need to go.  And racing to catch up and trap it when you finally catch sight of it.  All of that is exhilirating to me, and it's what makes that game great for me.  So often it's just said, 'Oh the fight mechanics are good, the skills are fun, but there are barely any fights.'  It saddens me to see that so little people appreciate all the other mechanics in this game, the broken terrain in wake of a monster, water washing away footprints for both hunters and monsters.  How stealth can be so effective, or disasterous, for both sides.  There is so much depth to this game that is seems people are missing.But moving on, what I mentioned at the beginning.  The balance, of both gameplay and fun.  I do not understand how they did it, but I have a blast playing this game as hunter or monster, and I have equal chance to win or lose.  The trapper class, my goto, is so thrilling and that moment where you're waiting to see if the dome caught the monster or not.  When the hunters are walking through a ravine, and you are aiming a rock at their heads.  There are so many moments in this game that make it insanely fun, I just wish people would look past the defects and just enjoy the game.Next, there is some very nice customization options, and I don't mean aesthetics.  The perk system is really well fleshed out, and it really let's you change small things, that impact greatly for your preferred playstyle.  The progression system, which a lot of people find long and monotonous, especially for unlocking new charecters, I think is fairly well designed.  The first star challenges are ridiculously easy, most can even be completed with ordinary wildlife.  If however, you have a character you are determined to progress, and are really good at, the challenges scale up in difficulty.  Unlocking new characters is easy, but earning mastery for one is appropriatly challenging.Now, a lot of people are dissapointed that there isn't a single player campaign, but I don't really see it as an issue, and I consider myself a mainly single-player gamer.  However, the single player is fantastic in this game.  The AI is excellent and challenging, and I honestly have a lot of fun playing it.Next, there has been groping over the lack of modes in the game.  Hunt is the main mode and it always will be, for everything I already described above.  There are another 3 modes that essentially change the objective for each team, which provides a decent variety, though I still think Hunt is more enjoyable.  However, where it really shines is the Evacuation mode.  It is, in essence, 5 matches strung together.  It has very nice narration and little cutscenes before each match and the outcome of each match will dramatically effect the next.  If the monster wins on a weather control tower map, the tower is destroyed and then a huge storm comes in, making it harder to track, and growing deadly flora.  If the hunters win on the dam map, power is restored and giant walls come up all around the next match, limiting the monster's maneverability.  It is really fun and all the possible outcomes make it different every time through.Well, I think I've rambled on for long enough.  This game is really good and has so much depth to it, and it creates so many fun moments, and not all of them have to be fights.  So I really do think that the game itself is near perfect, it was just badly marketed.  I hope someone will read this and end up buying the game, because it really is worth it."
,Recommended,273350,14440812,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,nightman,"Yes, I recommend it.Will the game be for everyone?  No.  I have had a blast as both monster and hunter.  It can bring on tense, unintentional lip biting, moments.  Though the game does feel small and I am not sure how long it will be before it becomes monotonous.  Thus far though all of the games I have played felt varied (even with the limited maps/monsters) and a good portion of them frantic close battles.I may change this opinion once I have played longer.  I will see how much it sticks but I am still very excited about this game.  Binge-play material for sure!"
,Recommended,273350,14441757,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,ThyDude,"Really novel, fun idea for a game. I play games a lot with friends, and this is a fantastic way to do so -- even though most of my friends don't have the game yet, I'm working to convince them to join me.Really, it's just awesome to be able to say 1v1 me? Nah brah, try to 1v4 me."
,Recommended,273350,14547535,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Crypto Sporidium,:)
76561198090630013,Recommended,273350,14440721,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,terjr97,"Despite all of the negative reviews, evolve at its core is a great multiplayer experience that can be a bit rough around the edges (DAMN YOU KRAKEN!!!) is very enjoyable. ill admit, the day one DLC was a bit of a suprise and not a welcome one, but thats not what these reviews should be about. They should be about the game itself, and it is amazing. It may get stale after a while, depends on how frequently you play it and how long between the free DLC for maps and gamemodes, but it a fun and enjoyable experience. Personally, i think that the kraken may be a bit OP at the moment, but besides that theres not much i can really hate about this game. If you enjoyed Left for Dead or Left for Dead 2, then you will more than likly enjoy evolve.To those that don't want to pay full price or want to ♥♥♥♥♥ and moan about the DLC shenanigans, then wait for a sale and stop to disuade people from trying what is a damn fun game at the moment."
76561197970780754,Recommended,273350,14471520,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,LordRich,A brilliant game that I have not yet mastered and already my son plays better than me.... but I love it.
76561198179385145,Recommended,273350,14595031,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,N0SELEAK,"One of the best games of the year. Super fun, super easy to get into, and simple but complex at the same time. 4 main roles (with the 5th option of being the monster) 1 main objective, endless possibilities. I never really play games on pc but since I don't have a next gen consule to play this on, I desided to snag it on my laptop. Just hooked up my xbox controller and I was good to go. I would definitely recommed this game to anyone interested, in hopes of trying to build the online community."
,Recommended,273350,14670557,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Armored Frank,"Evolve is an amazing game with a gameplay i haven't seen anywhere else.What might keep you from buy it (besides the full price tag) is the controversy around the Day 1 DLC.Im going to put this in the simplest way possible.Besides the Season passes for any future DLC, the only DLC out RIGHT NOW is cosmetic stuff. AKA: Skins.Thats it. Skins.Like League of Legends/Dota2/Smite Skins. The skins of a certain character. You know, those things that don't do anything.There is no reason for everyone to be so upset about it. Day 1 DLC that is Skins isn't a big deal."
,Recommended,273350,14472845,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Beezhu,"I see so many people downvoting the game solely based off the DLC madness... as I understand it, the DLC is mostly aesthetic (skins for monsters/weapons) and/or quick gains of the other hunters who are accessible through a little bit of work, anyway.  There is no pay to win like Battlefield where additional weapons are unlocked for those that shell out the cash.The game itself plays really well, aside from some minor technical errors that are to be expected at launch.  I imagine that there will be patches/updates as time goes on to further enhance the game.  Graphics, balanced gameplay, you are paired with other players of a similar level (and hopefully similar skill), seems like it's got it all even without a storyline.  I feel bad that so many are left dissatisfied when I've been having a blast.  I look forward to many more hours of this game!"
76561198019287959,Recommended,273350,14461121,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Tom BumbleSauce Riddlemort,"This game is epic, unlike 2k's business model and your abs."
,Recommended,273350,14462012,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,LukeyBoy,Really fun :D
,Recommended,273350,14955320,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,5HULK,"Evolve totally depends on the person playing and many experiences are formed from each person. The fun you get out of it can be limited and price is a bit heafty, but with friends to play it with, this game becomes lots of fun. Personally I don't think it is worth the price you pay, and my experiences haven't been great due to the fact that my friends can't play it. Which brings up a point, this game is very intensive on your hardware. I would take a look at the specs of your computer and what Evolve needs to run before purchasing. All in all, I reccomend buying Evolve if you have friends that play the game."
76561197970509989,Not Recommended,273350,15101278,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,SirSquirelyMcKnight,Over hyped garbage.  Wish I could get my money back.
76561198073865010,Recommended,273350,16334027,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Scando99,this game is great
,Recommended,273350,15163772,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Guard the Grey,"So Stage 2 has dropped, and with it there are ALOT of changes to the base game. Most of them (80-90%) of them I find to be welcome additions, and improve the game and learning curve. Some I disagree with, but as a whole Stage 2 is a better game than it was at release.Also, don't let the mass negative reviews sway you too much. Many of them are from the initial release (those reviews were well earned) or are a result of people whining that the game went f2p and users did not recieve a full refund. Both of which have no standing on the quality of the FREE game. I say give it a go, what do you have to lose?"
76561197971703354,Recommended,273350,15637062,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Cluny,"Superb multiplayer experience for a group of 5 online gaming-buddies, simultaneously co-op and PvP - take turns to be Monster for the best kind of session.Hide-and-seek dynamics are unique premise for a game. Having each of the five Roles to master makes for variety in player and a richer experience. The various combinations of tools the different hunters are equipped with offer their own challenges.Excellent post-release attention to balance-tweaking from developers.Only weak-point is the preposterous release-date pricing for the DLC adding new characters; this pricing is the foundation of all negative reviews for the game.  Personally I intend to wait until sale prices for the DLC."
76561198119278859,Not Recommended,273350,14427965,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Saving Private Brian,damn game wont start i just stare at a black screen. 10/10
76561198004738002,Recommended,273350,14606068,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Flock Of Corgis,"Awesome Team effort Game  , It really does rely on every person on the team to win the game against the monster"
,Not Recommended,273350,28089032,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,SomeWhiteGuy,"So... after spending $60 on this AAA game, they decide to make free. Oh wait, I didn't spend $60, I actualy spent about $100 after all the ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥punk ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥looking ♥♥♥♥ boy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t♥♥♥♥♥DLC. Like what the ♥♥♥♥? I want a refund."
76561198074300348,Recommended,273350,15262102,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Record,gooood
76561198047380664,Recommended,273350,15260319,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,VI OBSIDIAN IV,"I simply want to suport this game do to all the backlash it got through ignorance and misunderstanding. If you play this game, and give it a chance you will most likely like it. who knows maybe its not your thing but please no more ""1 hour of playtime"" reviews."
,Recommended,273350,14507722,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Nightlane,"I like how they have polished the game, and how they took care of the details.Most games have things that pisses me off, because it is obvious bad design decisions, but I have not feel that with this game. Not yet.Tons of people complais with the price tag (50€ minimun) and I understand. I have spent 80€ in this game an I am very satisfied with that. Before that I have played counter strike series, nosgoth, etc. If you pay 10-40€ to play those type of games (yeah nosgoth is free XD, but you could had bough a founder package or just skins and items) why not to pay double for a game which is ten times better? Or just wait until it is cheaper.I think this game is much better than other competitors because:*  maps are not just plain polygonal maps. Have environmental hazards, animals of a lot of types, destructibles, etc.* You must learn a lot of new skills, as tracking, how to traverse safely the maps, etc.* Each player have a role (instead of being a mob of clones all doing the same like firing weapons and tossing grenades all over the place)* Each role have options (specified by the specific character you selected) which can affect the gameplay dramatically or where each team gains advantage when fighting.* It is relatively easy to unlock and level up characters. (I think I had all hunters unlocked with like 30 hours of gameplay).* You can play skirmish game mode (where the map game mode is usually hunts, but can be defenses), or you can play evacuations, which is like a mini campaign where the results of previous rounds affect the new rounds and there are more maps game modes. And there is a balancing mechanic so wining team do not ""snowballize"" over the other team.* Nice role allocation. You set your preferences and the game take cares of allocate them. With the same players, if two players prefer to play by example hunter, one game one player will play hunter and in the next game the other player will play hunter.* Nice characters and monsters. All players have more than one thing to do, not just sit and heal or aim and shoot.* Have some scenery game game modes: Hunt, rescue, defend, nest. Each one changes the gameplay substantially. (but all modes can be ended like a hunt if one team is obliterated, but usually the objetives are easier to get and players have to take decisions and risks so just go hunt in a no-hunt mission is very very unusual)* The hunt and be hunted mechanic is nice. And the tracking idea is great. You use details of the map to track the monster: tracks from the monster (which can go sneaky so they do not leave tracks, but it moves like at half speed or less), broken things (the monster if reckless or not traverses the map breaking trees and other ""furniture""), if not going sneaky, the monster can frighten noisy birds which alerts all hunters anywhere int he map... Some hunters (usually trappers) have skills to help tracking the monster. And finally, a some tons monsters do tremendous noises when walking (unless sneaky), or using its skills, so you can track a monster by noises.* Plenty of opportunity to bluff the enemy or catch him/her/they in a trap...* By example 3 friends created a party. And search for random players to join with the game searching mechanics. The leader can get their group of friends out of that new party with just one click and queue for the same or other game mode without needing to recreate the party or manually kick the randoms. Each player group have its own leader but can be more than a group in a party just to fill slots if both player groups used the game random player search.With the hours of game I have, I have yet tons of things to learn not just from the game, but from other players as well, so I think I can go maybe 100 hours or more without content lack related problems. And 100 hours is a line that few ""just out of the oven"" 50+€ games achieve (unless it is a competitive game as this one).Anyway, yes, this game/background can give much more, so all new content will be gratefully accepted :)But I have to agree that maybe another business tactic would be better, as by example free game with pay2play characters... so the player base could be larger.A pair of bad points:* Because of having so many not so common game mechanics, most players play this game arguably bad. Find good players is harder than in other games. And this game is more entertaining with a nice bunch of players or some friends with aproximately the same experience level.* Most monster players look for easy wins and play with wraith. When they play with other monsters, they play really badly. You need a good team of hunters and some character selections to be able to win vs a wraith (being the wraith experienced or a rookie).* Have some issues to solve, but minor. By example I do not like the UAV skill of the robot, as it separates you from your team (your head go flying while your body is where you left it). Maybe some fix about wraith monster being so easy to play compared to other monsters. the third trapper tracking skill maybe needs fixing or upgrading.* good players being ""ninja monsters""... hmmmm I do not know if this needs some type of fix or just more skill in the hunter team.* When first creating a player party, if you have free slots and activate teh auto search of players, could be some random players being kicked out of the party with messages like ""party is full"". Anyway, after the first ""round"" this is solved."
,Recommended,273350,14508399,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Kyle,it's okay. it's not worth 60 dollars. but it's a lot of fun with friends.
76561198091271551,Recommended,273350,14450267,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,TheAbsoluteGeezer,"After playing this game for 10 hours now, most times with a mate or solo, I have enjoyed it completely. Yes, there is DLC which is viewed as expensive, however it doesn't alter the gameplay in any given way other than changing the appearance of weapons and characters.Every single match I have played had been a different experience entirely, and does remind me of L4D in every possible way. CO-OP is constantly a laugh and I can see myself playing this for hours to come. Its supposed to be played co-operatively, with mates who you know well and have a laugh with, so therefore get the game if you know people who play, great game, alot of fun."
76561198072738765,Recommended,273350,14531371,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,KingKillJoy,"I absolutely love this game HOWEVER there is one thing that's being exploited in nest mode of evacuation. Bucket as support. The hunters race from egg to egg leaving turrets and engaging you away from the eggs. Other than that, nothing than good things about this game"
,Recommended,273350,14430365,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Shaku,"After playing the Big Alpha I have constantly been hungry for more! The Technical Test/Beta was not enough so finally now after release I am gonna continue playing and explore this truly most hyped game for me in a whole years time now.I have followed this game from the first insight Gameinformer gave us back in the day! Pre-ordered since the day one, no question about it I am totally convinced this game is gonna be an unique experience, one player taking control of a straight up video game boss. Four other players need to play co-op at its finest to bring the monster down in this asymmetrical multiplayer experience.Multiple monsters to choose from, plenty of hunters to mix and match, free maps after release. The DLC plan is totally fine for those who wan't to continue playing in the more remote future and for the people who complain at least here on Steam I seriously can't understand your reasoning for the extra content being to expensive when Steam sales are so high percentage anyway!Three different tiers/sets of hunters and monsters. Observe that the tiers countrary to what the term may imply isn't based in any power level but instead more in how technical the character is to play. The higher tiers are more challenging but really rewarding if used correct.The design of the world is fantastic the wildlife give me a lot of nostalgia towards Jurassic Park and the Star Wars movies.The game seem to have some glitches now on release but when they are patched away this game is gonna be an awesome experience for all of you who interested in a alternative fps, boss simulator, asymmetrical multiplayer etc.The rewarding feeling when you coordinated take down a seriously fierce adversary or the excitment when you're running for your life and knowing if you don't engage these hunters correctly you will bleed and you have will have no one except to blame but yourself.It is like two different games at the same time and in my meaning that makes up for the lack of 30+ characters and customization options that so many complain about.Happy Hunting!"
76561197963233932,Recommended,273350,14430018,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Spagoosh,"This game is incredibly fun, especially with a few friends.Lots of people are complaining about the DLC but what you get for $60 is a complete game and DLC is completely unnecessary. If you don't want to pay more don't. If you do then do."
,Not Recommended,273350,24170254,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Sunddr,Still buggy as all hell.
12312312312313223,Recommended,273350,16149244,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,22.86cm Nails™,"So.... do I recommend this game?I do.I don't.Take it from me, because I've had it since the invitation-only Big Beta.If you like hectic scenarios where you don't ever run out of ammo and the most vital abilities you could possibly need recharge slower than you can wipe your♥♥♥♥♥after taking a velociraptor♥♥♥♥♥♥ then you've come to the right place.If you DON'T like a game that requires patience, tactics, strategy, and did I say patience? Or if you also don't like hectic scenarios such as, then don't waste your time.The game is quite fun, quite graphically advanced, seeing as my supercomputer can't even handle graphics past Medium. And even then, Medium still looks beautiful.I don't like playing as the Monster. Why? Because the first monster you get is basically underpowered.This brings me to the first problem you'll see. The Goliath. It's ♥♥♥♥in' underpowered and easy to kill, and it's the first monster you're gonna get.The second monster you get, the Kraken, is WAAAAAAY overpowered. It's fast as ♥♥♥♥, it can fly higher than drugs, and most importantly - it gets a super accurate, rapidly-aimed, high-damage Area of Effect lightning attack; that♥♥♥♥♥♥is UNACCEPTABLY overpowered. It can be aimed fast, it has high damage output, it's super accurate, AND it's got a large blast radius? ♥♥♥♥ no. That's why I don't play monsters, and it's why I despise people who play Kraken.By god (no I'm not religious, it's called a dysphamism. ♥♥♥♥ religion, ♥♥♥♥ anyone who is die-hard religious and can't think past religion) the Wraith is less powerful than the Kraken, and the Wraith is the THIRD-most Monster you can get. Sure, she has some short-range teleportation abilities and can hold your♥♥♥♥♥down and ♥♥♥♥ you with a 90-inch strap-on, but she's way easier than the Kraken. Yet she's still very overpowered in some aspects.Fourth-most beast you get; the Behemoth.The most demented, autistically-programmed Monster to have.It's supposed to be slow, have♥♥♥♥♥♥loads of health and armor, and pack a huge punch. It is supposed to be the definition of a TANK.This thing, is the WORST I've seen. Stage one Behemoth has more HP and armor than a stage three Kraken and requires teammates who are level 30+ to take out, AT STAGE ONE.It is the most overpowered monster I have ever seen in this world of fast-paced video games, for the reason that it can roll around faster than ♥♥♥♥ing Sanic- GOTTA GO FAST! I have only killed two behemoths, out of at least 30, and they were AI-controlled.This roll ability is the worst, because it enables the Behemoth to roll away faster than your jetpacks will allow, because your jetpacks have a limited use, however you can roll around as much as you ♥♥♥♥in' want in a Behemoth, and turn quickly and accurately, and still do massive amounts of damage if you hit someone (which isn't that hard to do).The hunters. The hunters are also pretty bad sometimes.Trapper-If you're a newbie at playing the Monster, and you come across an experienced Maggie (the very first ♥♥♥♥ing trapper, mind you) then Sayanara, because those harpoons are stupidly effective against EVERYTHING and there's nothing you can do about it. Let's also not forget how the ♥♥♥♥ing Trapper's pet seems to be able to effectively track your♥♥♥♥♥♥from seventy miles away even when you're sneaking and not leaving tracks. Maggie, the first ♥♥♥♥ing trapper, is already the most overpowered. I recommend Crow, if you have the season pass or have purchased Crow's DLC. If you don't have such DLC, just use Abe.Medic-If you're a newbie at playing the Monster, just go for these guys first, because they're the most important. Forget everybody else, because the Assault's probably sticking his♥♥♥♥♥♥up his own ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ using his shield anyways so it's useless. Especially if the medic is Val. Val, the first ♥♥♥♥ing medic, is already the most overpowered. Those tranq darts need a ♥♥♥♥ing cooldown because if you're able to get slowed every time she pulls that trigger, you're never going to escape unless you're a Wraith. On top of the fact she gets a ♥♥♥♥ing rifle that allows her teammates to do twice the damage, as long as they hit the target marked which ain't very hard to do. I recommend Lazarus.Assault-Probably the second hardest class to play, because♥♥♥♥♥♥s gonna try to eat you before any of your other teammates.Does damage, has shield that can block every damage from every front and it only lasts 10-15 seconds, while the cooldown is in betweem 30-45, seems fair, doesn't it? No.He doesn't get tranq darts, he doesn't get harpoons. He has to ♥♥♥♥in' run everywhere he goes. Don't waste your time with the Assaults who use landmines because they're gay and don't deserve a chance ever anymore. He's not overpowered, safe to say. I recommend you play Hyde.Support-Probably the hardest, because you're gonna be stuck with nothing but cooldowns and a weak gun.If you wanna use Support, go ahead, because I recommend Support anyways. Probably the best Support is Bucket, because of the ability to place like 5 little flying turrets that don't run out of ammo until they die. He can detach his head to fly around as a little UAV bot, which makes him stand completely still which results in your♥♥♥♥♥♥getting left behind, but it ain't all that bad because you have turrets and you can be one-step ahead of the monster with said turrets by getting in front of him, while your team is running behind him. Support can cloak everyone as long as they stay at least withing 15 feet of him. And this lasts for a little bit, and the cooldown isn't terrible, but still may ♥♥♥♥ you over with a studded♥♥♥♥♥♥♥if you don't use it right. So yeah, use Bucket.Monster-I hate playing Monster. ♥♥♥♥ it.Just work up to the Wraith and just leave it at that. ♥♥♥♥ the Behemoth, ♥♥♥♥ the Kraken, ♥♥♥♥ the Goliath.So do I recommend this game?Sure.Just be prepared to have a bleeding ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ at the end of the day, and clean up after yourself."
,Recommended,273350,14525012,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,JonnyJustice,"Great game that rewards good team play or outstanding strategy. Being a hunter takes coordination and communication to kill the strong and growing monsters. Monsters take precision and planning to take down hunters. All together this game isn’t filled with tons of content but it does multiplayer right. If you are looking for a game to play with friends this is one to look into. If you don’t enjoy competitive multiplayer, look away."
76561198064561535,Recommended,273350,15426174,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Hoglit,One Of The Best Games Ever
76561198145012614,Recommended,273350,16935341,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Black Dynamite,"Before I purchased this game, I was incredibly nervous, and overall quite skeptical about it due to all of the negative veiws.But it was only until after I played enough to understande that underneath the DLC galore veil was a great game with many variations , great core gameplay, and a friendly community.No good game is without its faults, but the best ones limit the spread of them."
,Not Recommended,273350,17131587,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Amareis,"Don't buy this...They messed this game up right from the get go. It was hyped and it looks awesome, feels awesome and plays awesome.The thing that kills it is the grind. You have to grind big time to make the hunters anywhere near useful, plus you have to unlock them.It could have been the new Left 4 Dead 3 - instead it's an overpriced, limited, DLC'ridden piece of grind-crap...too bad."
76561198140727746,Recommended,273350,17880642,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Shaggy,AMAZING EXPIRIENCE
,Not Recommended,273350,17365528,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,brandon,"If there were an article directly pertaining to, ""How Not To 'Do' DLC:.."", then I'm sure the first example listed would be 'Turtle Rock Studios'/'2K'. At least with the annual/biennial releases from Activision and the like their 'Season Pass'-DLC encompasses the longevity of the title in it's entirety. With this particular title/developer/publisher however, you can certainly expect for them to milk every dime imaginable, from every possible aspect.Do I recommend this game? Sure! Just don't be surprised when the novelty wears off soon-thereafter purchase and you realise it's nothing remotely similar to 'Left4Dead'. As many other reviewers have suggested- this game certainly had a lot of potential, but lived up to none of it.**/*****"
,Not Recommended,273350,17493456,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Oseyeris,Dont waste your time they just released a new trapper that makes every other traper not imortant and you cant hide as the monster anymore GG ♥♥♥♥ you turtle.I but its ok you dont need to hide anymore anyway why you ask jetpacks suck on hunters and monsters are buffed like crazy. and and after every match they thought it would be a good idea to show you how many ranks you gained or lost.... just to throw some salt in that wound.I want my money back.
,Recommended,273350,14451454,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Blasto,"NOT A GAME THAT IS FUN WITH PUGS. But when you do not have a group you can have a ton of fun eating them or smashing there face in.Look this is unique take on Left for dead and from some people thats a hard nut to eat. Every match is differnt and you will win and die in new ways almost every time.I was in the Beta and played this game a lost after launch. If you dont like this game and your a trapper, (*&%*&%^ Maggie she is a hurtle to get to the real trapers that are fun and good. (play solo and just unlock Griffin). outher then Maggie being horrable the game is solid and good. Hell even solo the AI is better then most pugs so you can learn on solo and go to Multiplayer.Get this game if you just want to wreck people or you like to play with your buddys to take on a huge moster that wont go down unless you work together."
76561198137095602,Not Recommended,273350,20002567,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Estonianmeat,well seriuosly ? need to buy new mercs and♥♥♥♥♥♥like that? like i didnt pay enough already?
76561198126586916,Not Recommended,273350,20040798,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Indo,A ton of promise and nothing to show for it. Here it is after I bought it for $60 and almost NO CONTENT (this is right from the begginning I am sure they added and made you pay for it- could be wrong) on steam it costs 13.59.....13.59..... I bought it for $60 - that should tell you everything about this game.
,Recommended,273350,16528192,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,BeardCandy,"The game is fun, when you play with friends. It's fun if you like monsters and don't have friends.I don't understand the hate on TurtleRock on trying to make some money with the DLC. Starting out, with the main game purchase. You have 3 characters for each class that you can unlock. That is already more than Left 4 Dead at start up. You get all monsters, except for one. That is purchased through DLC.You can unlock new skins for some of these characters and monsters through progression or community events.The cost of characters isn't that high. I bought Sunny after ulocking all the other characters for that class. It was a cost I didn't mind paying. Didn't feel ripped off (I hate buyin digital goods). I have no interest in the other classes, so I didn't have to buy the character pack.TurtleRock pushes out new maps for free.So I really don't understand the hate. When I don't see DOTA 2 or LOL getting the same type of reviews for their DLC practices."
,Not Recommended,273350,23849463,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,sKitzz817,Boring as balls
76561198060679476,Recommended,273350,12736063,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,jake1421,Awsome idea made into an awsome video game. Just E-P-I-C
76561198141133433,Recommended,273350,14422248,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,DonJay,"Fun game perhaps worth the 50 bucks if it included the dlc but no real campaign just takes the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the great gameplay mechanics and story potential, you will have fun first day playing a few hours and it is fun for an hour a day kind of like destiny... only tinier even.Worth it? Hmmyeahghhgh... it is fun and has lots of things to offer... For 30 bucks extra..."
76561198128410805,Recommended,273350,17908540,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,imaginativeplayer,i think that u should make a absulutly huge map and make this game have a open world with alot of monsters but also more  hunters if u want u could make it online but i think this idea would be cool because i love open world games theyre my favorite
76561198111291648,Recommended,273350,20499585,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Don Rico,very fun and cool graphic. 8/10:3
76561198098541572,Not Recommended,273350,14571463,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,bobonogon,"the game is full of rediclous glitches most of the time you nonstop get a cursor or not at all. it is prety mutch imposible to make a groop with our frends. when you finly do get into a groop it is more than likely that you wull be forced out of that game and randomly put with outher ppl me and my friends got it to play together, all this game has done is make me loose faith in this company and will make shure not to purtchus further games if this is what theay release as a 70$ game. thisngs would be difrent if it was at a mor approprite price of 40 $"
76561198005850576,Recommended,273350,12731730,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Visula.Gravios,"Hi guys, i've noticed a major bug/glitch with monster (Goliath). Apparently in one of my runs, goliath couldnt eat/evolve and use all his skills. The hunters were able to utilise all their skills. Perhaps this is a 1 in a 100 chance bug/glitch but this is seriously and annoying one. CHEERS!"
76561198122364463,Recommended,273350,14718311,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Cherubael,"Kill, eat, repeat, kill, eat, repeat, kill, eat, EVOLVE, kill, eat, repeat, kill, repeat, EVOLVE. Slaughter or be slaughtered"
76561198132479761,Recommended,273350,15039144,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,GamingGranpa,It s good game yes
,Recommended,273350,14598786,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,TTS.SirmanShark,"The game isnt for everyonehowever, each match brings something new to the table in terms of skill, perks, and classesnot too repetitive.pretty well balanced unless you let monster get to stage 3.RIP in pepperoni if you do."
76561198066149074,Recommended,273350,14888282,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Lightning Sniper,"I am going to explain everything ditinctlyVisual,graphics,sounds and everything related to the envrionment is exquisitely designed.The monsters and wildlife are quite various and unique.Different hunters are equipped with all sorts of weapons and gadgets.All of the maps are entirely differnt from each other.You won't fell any repetitivness at the beggining.Furthermore game modes will attract you strongly at first.Now it's time for the cons.After 10-12 hours of gameplay you will start to fell the game annoyingly the same.You'll have already tryied everything and for the future it's about to repeat.In additon,after three consecutive games you will lose the sense of variety completely.Unfortunately the player base is constantly decreasing.The reason is because hunters have significant advantage over the monster because the recieve powerful perks.What's more players unlock new hunters who can defeat the monster,because of their overpowered equipment,quickly.Many people lose fastly interest in the monster and there's nobody left to play its role.In addition,I recommend you to play as monster only at the beggining.The hunters still lack perks and can barely hurt you if you play well becasue their weapons are not that powerfulTo sum up this game is extremely entertaining at the beggining.After 10 hours you'll strongly feel its lack of variety.As you unlock hunters and perks you become way more powerful than the monster.However Evolve has magnificent graphics and allows you to play with a boss character.P.C. If you play it only at the weekend you'll slowly lose you interest-that's my case."
,Recommended,273350,16018163,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,wildone333,"this game is unique . ive been looking for a game like this for 4 years and now i finely got ,the controls are good no lag its amazing just make sure youre computer can handle it"
,Recommended,273350,16066028,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Muffin Man,"I absolutely love this game, the only real issue is that it does somewhat get boring after a while, as does any game, but I do think this is a very solid and fun game I can easily give this a 10/10. I don't have any of the DLCs and I still think it is a very fun game without it."
,Recommended,273350,16686958,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,the waking darkness,Literally one of the best games action FPS games I've played in a while.
76561198043850909,Recommended,273350,16708166,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,FrankiLoo,Fun game- I enjoy playing with my friends on my team.
,Recommended,273350,15728028,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Shan_Evolved,"A great game if you group and play competetively. If you try to play pub games, you will cry.Get good, get a team, and scrim to compete."
,Recommended,273350,14543018,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Mr haXs,"The game has potential,  Its alot of fun to play as monster and hunter, although due to its team based nature if you get paired with a bad team your milage may vary. DLC is not as bad as it seems, the majority are only skins"
,Not Recommended,273350,15305286,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,☢☭Army Boy™☭☣,"""Unsupported Video card detected"",buy new State of the art video card,Game runs fine,Next morning, ""Unsupported Video card detected"""
76561197982279947,Recommended,273350,14544258,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Skip T! .:MFC:.,"Fantastic game, really well thought out.  Each class complements the others.  Ignore anyone criticising the DLC; the skins are completely optional and the payment model for future content is excellent (basically pay for what you want, but all maps and modes are free so you will never be split from your friends).  I'm 47 (34 since release last week) hours in at the time of writing this and every single game so far has been outstanding fun.Only downsides are that if you don't have friends to play with then it isn't as good, and there are a couple of issues at launch I hope they patch soon (a mouse cursor bug, UI issues and lack of multiple screen support).  But overall it is everything I hoped it would be.  Brilliant game!"
76561198105187989,Not Recommended,273350,24361181,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,GERxHood,"its fun like it was befor but some of the big changes .... everyone has now the Trap Cage ( Trapper literally useless now ) ... then in stage 3 the monster kills the relay in maybe 5-6 punches ..... i dont know what they did but the game isnt as great as befor ..... its from a 8/10 to maybe a 4,5/10"
76561197965534101,Recommended,273350,24376164,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Rawk' Randx,best game ever ( dream come true )
,Recommended,273350,18674270,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Gangis Humplstien,"A brilliant game that combines action packed first-person shooting with third-person combat/stealth. This game has pulled itself from the grave and that alone should earn a lot of respect from the gaming community as Turtle Rock are back and giving all the DLC for free, with in-game currency to buy ALL the skins and characters! That's right! You don't need to spend a thing.Now the game is alive and kicking Turtle Rock are now adding so much more to the game."
76561198134408187,Not Recommended,273350,33773339,Posted: 24 July,all,LightSniper - ＡＣＩＤ,dead
,Recommended,273350,16538993,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Autismole,This is a really fun game but buy it when its on sale. It isnt worth the $70. $40 at most. Runs good but some bugs and is actually really balanced. Recommend  EDIT: JK free now. IM glad i spent 80. TY devs
,Recommended,273350,14427194,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,aeon,"RELEASE UPDATE:My issues with the beta (noted below this review) have mostly been resolved. The server connection and matchmaking has been vastly improved and connecting to a game is easy now.I understand the issues people have with DLC, but let me explain something: new characters and skins don't matter. Skins do not affect gameplay. The new characters simply give you an option to play the same class in a different way. I like playing the Trapper class, so I'll use that as my example. In the trapper class, the DLC character does the exact same thing the unlockable character does, just in a different way. The difference is the DLC character uses a tracking dart, and the unlockable character uses sound spikes to track the monster. That's it. Every DLC character is exactly the same, as far as I can tell.Let me sum that up: DLC characters give you a new way to play the same role, but with the same functionality. You don't NEED to buy the DLC. There are no DLC maps out right now, so that's not even part of what people are complaining about. Nobody is forcing you to buy the DLC, and you don't need to buy it.Look at the negative reviews for this game and then discard any discussion of DLC and you'll see that most people love the game. It's balanced, it's fun, it requires real player skill and it's an absolute blast to play with friends. OF COURSE, if you absolutely hate the idea of DLC, go play something else. Nobody is forcing you to buy this game. If you want it, get it, because it's awesome.NOTE: The following review is from the January 16th closed beta.Myself and some friends had heard good things about Evolve, so we decided to check it out. When we sat down at our table, we were immediately greeted with appetizers which were a great taste of what was to come. After finishing the appetizers, we decided on what to order and our waiter took our order and went back into the kitchen. We sat waiting for several minutes and decided to get his attention again and ask him. He promised us it would be delivered and went back to the kitchen to search for our food. We had to do this multiple times before we got our food! One would think that someone working there would have known where the food was!We were getting impatient, but like I said, we had heard good things and were all very excited. A couple was seated at the end of our table, and while we would have rather had our own friends there, in the end we found it was better with them joining us. We didn't talk, but we did enjoy our meal together.The meal finally arrived, and wow, I must say, it was delicious! There was great variety from such a limited menu, which was a pleasant surprise! I found each dish I sampled to be rather enjoyable, and while they all seemed to mesh well together, I did find a few of the dishes more appealing to my tastes.The restaraunt has just opened to a limited release, and while many customers will have to wait another month to sample it's many pleasures, they will find the wait is worth while. I highly reccommend that if it interests you, you check it out. My only complaints were, like I said, with the wait staff. Because of that, I can only give the restaraunt, in it's current state, a 4/5, which is still a great score for a brand new place!Bon appetit!TL;DR: Game is great, but the matchmaking needs some serious work at this point."
76561198100944461,Recommended,273350,14452547,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Mr. Jitters,THAY ROB YOU!!!
76561198154145919,Recommended,273350,17183676,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Nathan Explosion,super funs got it on sale for like 20 bucks 9/10 just wish more peeps would play and stop being salty babies (rage quit)
,Not Recommended,273350,12731702,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Xeinok,"Great to see 4v1 and asymmetrical competitive games in general getting some love here with a AAA title.  Each Alpha gets better, fixes a ton of issues and improves overall player experience.  This is definitely one to look forward to next Feb.EDIT: Changing my review to a No after playing up to about Level 30.  The game itself is amazing but everything else around it is horrible.  The UI is bleh, the characters are dull, the environments feel like some lame boxed-in version of Earth, the level-up system and perks and blahblah feel like some console CoD type thing that just didn't get it right, the matchmaking is constantly screwing up, and of course 2K's marketing strategy on the game overall is just absolutely vile."
,Recommended,273350,14701691,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Toats,"This is to adress those who have given negetive reviews to the game with my outlook on the problems1.Dissapointed by gameplay:There have been countless amounts of videos, about the game including open betas and alphas. I bought the game knowing what i was, so my expectations were not overhyped. People are complaining about not enough content when they bought the game they SHOULD have done research on. even before release there was thousands of videos on gameplay and people are still somehow blindly buying. If you think you will like the game based on footage, then get it.2.The DLC: Almost all of the dlc is skins that do not change the game, other than for visual purposes. the dlc for the new monster is still in development, its not day 1 DLC like ""some"" games these days its there if you want it.3.Bugs and hackers: In my playtime from release to now, i have not encountered too many bugs. the only ones i can name are a laggy player falling through the map once. and me flying into space as goliath, day one of course they seemed to have fixed that. As for hackers, i have not one either. the chances of finding a hacker is slim already with a five person server. Not to mention you can simply leave and get no negetive feedback.4.Wraith: I was one of the few making complaints about the wraith before, but honestly the wraiths only problem is its speed. A level three wraith in combat is as strong as a level two goliath. so taking it out at the power relay is not difficult.as long as you can corner a wraith you CAN catch it, and if you cant find it while its in the arena then send the assault searching with the med as the rest of the team plants traps, or plans the wraiths escape option. they will nerf his speed but until then people need to learn to deal with it until then.5.The price: as Someone looking into game development i can see why the price is 60 dollars. games with classes and characters NEED fine tuning to keep things balanced. and developing characters designs, character mechanics, map design and map mechanics, aswell as the art, engine, and voice acting i see why its 60 dollars. but for those not liking the price thats ok, but if your not ok with the game or the price... why did you buy it? it's the internet people, its only your fault for buying a game you dont like.I like this game alot, and its a shame people are downvoting it for problems the game should/doesnt really have."
76561197989272183,Not Recommended,273350,24474747,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,MechaDraco,"So I loved evolve when it first game out, I enjoyed it alot and I would of even have recommended the game back on its release, however, After playing quite a few games and committing a good chunk of hours to the game to get a feel for it now, I simply can not recommend it any longer.Lets start off with whats good about the game, It's quick, the matches are 10 to maybe 15 mins long, you get into matches fairly quickly, you dont really have to wait at all, and the players in the game are actually surprisingly good with communication, they tend to use voice more, they use pings, and they use their abilities not just spam their primary gun. The monsters are fun as well, a little less hassle to play as them, feel like you have some kinda chance at lvl 1, and you actually do have some pretty interesting tactics you have to use now inorder to survive the early game. Gameplay wise I would give the game an 8/10, its exciting, its constant, and you really dont feel like your just running around mindlessly like you did in the release version, which in the end does make the game loads of fun.However now we come to the reason I can't recommend the game at all, Imbalance out the wazzu. Simply put the game is so horribly balanced that its near impossible to win as the hunters unless you fit an exact counter to the monster your fighting, now this is a little easier to do since all anyone plays is either the elder kraken or the wraith, but then you get that one person that randomly tosses in a goliath, and your entire team is ♥♥♥♥ed now because none of you picked a counter to him.Outside of that you barely have to even be slightly compitant with the monster to take advantage of bad hunter choices, and if you are stuck on a team with bad hunter picks, you better kill the monster within the first 5 mins before it gets to lvl 2, or its over, you can not win the game unless the monster makes a really dumb overconfident mistake, and the game is basically a garenteed loss if they hit lvl 3, most of the time they can basically just ignore the hunters by this point, and just wack the generator till its dead, or if they want to just 3 hit your medic and then pick the rest of you off one by one till your all dead.That doesn't mean though that the hunters aren't broken too, oh no quite the contrary, if anything actually thats part of the problem, the hunters are so geared towards countering a single monster, that they are basically useless against anything else. Lets use Sunny for example, she uses a mini nuke that inflicts LARGE amounts of damage, places a shield generator for their team, and boosts a single team members jetpack regen speed, and of course the normal support shield boost.Against pretty much any monster other then one of the larger, bulkier slower moving ones like the goliath, or the behemoth she pretty much can't hit anyone with those nukes, unless they are making the huge mistake, of not moving around. Her shield is great, but aside from the less manuverable monsters like... the behemoth or the goliath, it gets taken out faster then it can be of any real use, and FINALY her boost to a single persons jumpjets is again, only useful to teams who get pinned by the less quick, less manuverable monsters like.... I think you get the picture. However don't get me wrong, it's not like the nuke launcher wont hurt a wraith, or the shield boost wont help your team, but if you fight a kraken as Sunny, your going to be kinda useless in the fight, aside from the occasionaly hit from your launcher, and the shield boost every few seconds, but aside from that... thats about it.Basically what this boils down to is that they made the game far to counter pick balance heavy, you can't just willy nilly pick a hunter, or even the monster because it might turn out to be extremely unbalanaced choice, and since aside from voice and chat you cant even tell what your team is picking till you pick your hunter first. I dont entirely know why but I get the feeling that Turtle Rock didn't even realize they had made the hunters and monsters so heavily countered by one another. Whats worse is I don't think there is anyway to fix this issue, not off the top of my head anyway.Needless to say, imbalance is my problem with the game, if they can ever find a way to get the imbalance fixed, so I can pick lennox and go against a kraken and still kick a lot of♥♥♥♥♥with her, then hell yea I say get this game immediatly, but till then, I think im gonna stick to just playing this extremely casually if at all and not recommend anyone who is looking for a less then frustrating time in game play it."
76561198010309706,Recommended,273350,14413063,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Aftiel,"The game is solid, well put together and runs well on most machines.But nothing is perfect you should know where the issues lie.Most people can tell that the DLC and other 'pre purchase' options are stupidly overpriced, and they absolutly are, I do not recomend getting any of them unless you are well off (lots of money in your wallet) and want to spend it on something not entirely worthwhile. Playing the monster the first few times will likely be a headache for you, as is playing the hunters the first few times (if you're against a decent monster) until you get the hang of it, not every one has the patience to learn.That being said, the game itself is quite good and very fun, as I mentioned it runs well with barely any issues, even back in the ""alpha"" state we were allowed to partake in there were few game breaking issues, the game itself ran like a charm on my PC.Playing it can be tricky, its hard to find out exactly what you want to play when you start and many people get fustrated as it is a team based game (for the hunters) or a 4 on 1 experience for the monster. Be persistant and you will learn how to play and enjoy it, its not like call of duty where you can just jump in and click on people to win.TLDR:I do recomend this game, but I also recomend people do some research on it and watch videos of gameplay before deciding to purchase, persistance is your friend."
76561198064959173,Recommended,273350,17048722,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,jjdkennedy,Short but very sweet.
,Not Recommended,273350,20271646,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,LaserChunk,"Doesn't Start, Immediate BlackScreen, Total♥♥♥♥♥♥ Devs will hear from this!"
,Recommended,273350,20641386,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,MonstarinoCS:GoRoll.com,maen je
76561198081485566,Recommended,273350,20276024,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,vetmedin,"great game, sadly very few people play it --> long ques"
76561198017658871,Recommended,273350,21896315,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,vandil,"Friggin crazy gameplay with dope graphics and sounds.  A little repetitive.  Not worth 60 dollars and perhaps not worth 40.  29.99?  Yea, maybe.   19.99, definitely."
76561198047591586,Recommended,273350,14554301,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Crazyninjavanish,"In short the Game is really good.I enjoy the different feels you get playing as and against the monstersThe learning curve is steep, espesially playing against the Wraith but stay the course.DLC is pricy, and they should have stuck with a flat $69.99 rate."
76561198010881769,Recommended,273350,14606886,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Lucavi Noir,"A very enjoyable game, fun for both sides, no matter who wins."
,Recommended,273350,14492043,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,SuperSweetSucc,It's real bad
76561198000418088,Recommended,273350,14490666,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Szputnyik,"I really emphatize with all the points the negative reviewers have made so far, but Evolve is a really fun, addictive action game. You either work as a team or play alone to humilate the other side. Since Payday 2 one of the best games of 4 player coop shooters (except borderlands. nothing beats borderlands).I have to point out some issues i have in hope that the developers read it, cause there is no real appealing forum besides thetalk.turtlerockstudius.comwhich i find ♥♥♥♥♥♥1. Buid a real forum2. DLC on first day sucks balls. I dont have a problem with additional characters and monsters as i find it really exciting getting new content into the game, but the game already costs 40 bucks, why release a dlc for another 40? or 20? whatever. just bad PR for you. I m looking forward to see new monsters and hunters and am willing to pay a few euros for that.3. The skins are lame. Only color pattern changed on monsters and weapon patterns for hunters? how about some creativity. Put Griffin in a Crocodile Dundee outfit, Abe in a Abraham Lincoln Outfit or Markov in a cyborg suit. Do something!4. Bugs. The ever existent cursor after opening steam per tab just sucks.5. more maps, more modes, mode selectand finally which is my biggest point:6. MATCHMAKINGI do not understand for what i take my preference/priority when as a solo player i always end up in a game which already started. In 9 out of 10 times I get to play a half downed monster (monster as last preference) with totally ♥♥♥♥♥♥ skills and traits and the 1 out of 10 times i get to play a class i clearly dont want to play. The biggest hope i have is to end the match quickly, having no leavers and getting a better priority with the restart. If you team up with a friend there is a slightly bigger chance you get to play what you want and dont end up in a running match because two slots are harder to fill than one and teamplayers dont get to play monsterBut that isnt the way i want to play this. If i want to play Trapper then FFS i rather wait 2 minutes for matchmaking instead of getting an insta-join to play support, medic or assault or like in most cases: monster and have to leave/wait the 1m penalty and try to join another game. I want an option that i dont end up in matches which already started. I want an option which says THISROLE and no other even if this means a longer waiting time. I want more ""cool"" rewards for playing a monster, because it seems nobody likes to play as monster.Well thats all.Gameplay 8/10: very smooth, fun and addictiveCommunity 7/10: no flamers, supporting teammatesBalance 7/10: Goliath well balanced, Kraken very unstable between up and op cause of skillset, wraith clearly opBugs: 5/10: Didnt encounter many. The ones which exist are getting on my nerves-Matchmaking 2/10: As long as they dont fix the role-priority and joining already started game things it just sucks balls if you dont play with a premade."
,Recommended,273350,14491422,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Im The Cowboy,"Uhhh where to start? This game has many ups and downs obviously, and it leaves me in a weird mix. On paper, this is an amazing game, theres no doubt. The character relations are great and adds a lot of depth to the game. The mechanis of the monsters are well executed and flow nicely. The AI can be pretty good and annoying, especially getting chain pounced by a pack of blitzleopards.... I think overall the gameplay is pretty good. Could there be more? I think with five years in the making, yeah there could be, but I digress. Should this game be played with friends? I would say yes. WIth a game like this, team coordination and communicate can really dictate whether you win or lose. I can't recall how many times i've lost a game because someone(for some reason always trapper) refuses to communicate, and throws the game. One poor player can really make a game spiral downwards which can be really frustrating if you're doing well. After reading some other reviews, I do like and agree with the idea that the monster should have pros and cons like the hunters do. An example; for the medic class, Val has a medgun which can be used to heal a ally for a constant and steady stream of health. Lazarus however, does not have this ability to consistently heal teamates, but instead can revive incapped or dead teamates without a strike being added to their health bars. Caira has a healing grenade launcher which unlike the others, can heal multiple allies in a aoe burst. They all had their own disadvantages and unique was of healing their team, and this can be said for the other classes. This put altogether, can make very unique teams of hunters that can have a lot of synergy, or the exact opposite and not be as effective. The goal for a monster is to survive to reach stage three and either destroy the power relay or elimate the hunters. Others have suggested that each stage should have its own unique advantages, as well as disadvantages. That in certain games, under circumstances, that deciding to remain a lower stage is a better option. Don't get me wrong, playing the monster can be really entertaining, but I feel there's a weird disconnect when reaching the final stage. You just become a hulking mass ready to destroy everything, and some might say this is a good thing considering you're just trying to survive the first two stages, but once the final stage is reached, the sense of terror and excitment is replaced with nothing but an unsatisfactory win not because you really played well, but simply because you're just that strong. I personally think more thought should have been put into the monsters, because I thought they did a really superb job with the hunters. The matchmaking system could use a lot of work, and I mean a lot. There is nothing more frustrating that searching for a game only to end up being put in midgame and being forced to play something you didn't want, then when you want to leave, theres a wait penalty. The preference system is only half done. You choose what you want to play most, only to be put into a lobby with 2 other people who also have your #1 role prefered and you have to pray that youll get it. I thought the point of that system was to figure out what you wanted then match you with people with interest in other roles so there would be no conflict. There are other aspects of the game which I haven't touched up on(like the cursor bug....dear lord why...). I know a lot of people have issues with pricing and thats fair. I agree to an extent, but at the end of the day, it really comes down to the persons willingness to buy it, plain and simple. Either you do or you don't. All in all, the game can be pretty fun(with friends), and the concept is damn good! If you haven't bought it, you're better off waiting for it to be sale."
,Recommended,273350,14491996,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Emilhinspage,"game is very fun as both hunters and monsters. only issue is the way the game is packaged and how monsters and hunters are not free, 15 bucks for 1 monster is a rip off"
76561198038067122,Recommended,273350,14466531,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Txeptsyip,so lets drop some truth bombs herethe game is fun and no two games will ever go the samei mostly play as the monster so i have little to add on the topic of the hunters but for the monster i might spend the entirety of one game sneaking around succesfully and getting to level 3 and then♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥facethe next game however the hunters might have their game face on and might be harrasing you meaning you have to use speed and eat as much as possible before attempting to redirect the hunters and sneak around them in order to evolveas for maps the ones i have played on are varied and just the right size and the layout is just right to allow the monster to move around and still give the hunters a chance to find itperformance: i have an i5 2500K clocked at 4.7GHz 8GB DDR3 1600MHz CL9 and an AMD 7970the game with everything on max runs at a solid 60 all the time (many explosions might drop the framerate but that should be a given)visuals: noice the texture quality is good and the particle effects and stuff are top qualitynow for the thing that people are rage bonering over: the DLCcurrently there are skins and nothing else (some people appear to think the kraken and wraith etc are DLC - they are not you unlock them by doing things with the previous monsters abilies (deal X damage or make it do the thing to a thing X times)the skins might look nice depending on your preference i personally have not looked into them other than the fact yes they might be a bit overpriced but no one is forcing you to buy them they have no effect on gameplaythen there are the characters if you buy the PC monster race edition you get all 8 announced characters and the 5th monster (i have also been told the 4th one as well i have not confirmed this myself)if not you can buy the hunter pass thing that gets you 6 of the characters and the monsters are apparently about a tenner each no idea about the 2 other hunters (i would advise just getting the pc monster race edition if you care about any of the additional characters)now you are probably wondering characters as DLC? four words: maps game modes freethat means the community will not be split up between map packs and new game modesgranted it is possible that the new characters and monsters would be OP as ♥♥♥♥ but hey i already have never lost a game as a monster
76561198097011951,Recommended,273350,14467158,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,LaJerryRecycledBatteries Ball,"Great game, great mechanics, great everything"
,Recommended,273350,14491383,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,BuccaneerFlint,"The game is really fun and it is worth getting for thbose who want to hunter and/or hunted. Dont let the DLC's get to you becasue you have the freedom of chioce not to get it. The company all ready announced before the game went live ""skins for the hunters and monsters dlcs and the any new maps go into the game are free."""
,Recommended,273350,14481173,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,school_zombie,This game is fun when you fight smart players and the fun in a match depends on how the other players cause the match to go. Alot of people say this game lacks content to enjoy but this game is built like league of legends in the fact it gives you the stuff you need to make each game diffrent on your own.Will this game be around more then a year or so? I don't think it will but until then it will be a enjoyable ride to ghost town.Hunter Tips: If you can't find the monster easy split into two man groupsMonster Tips: You make alot of sound when you walk or jump and leave tracks so use stealth to juke the hunters.PS: Playing the trapper and keeping the monster pinned down causes a two story monster to come at you hard every single bloody time you catch him.PSS: Shame on other reviewers who troll with down vote reviews just cause it has some stupid dlc not even worth having in the first place.
76561198033825384,Recommended,273350,14482152,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Kaboom,Great game! Very well made with a very special feeling to it. I love the game concept. A little bit expensive.
,Not Recommended,273350,20234900,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,TheCustodian,The numbskull who thought of the outrageous DLC strategy for this game has a select space in hell waiting for him.
76561198007848036,Recommended,273350,24201044,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,santaclaws01,"People who are complaining about their progress being reset are ignoring that TRS completely changed the way character progression works now. Before it was you have a challenge for each of a characters abilities divided into three tiers. You progress to the next tiers by completing all three weapon challenges of the current tier. Each tier gave a specific bonus to the weapon, like extra damage or capacity. Player level progress unlocked different perks, of which you could equip one to your character at the start of the game to give a boost to some aspect of your hunter or monster.Both of these systems have been changed. Now characters have their own individual levels, and leveling up a character unlocks/upgrades perks for free instead of spending ingame currency on them. These parks you will then have access to on every other hunter/monster. The only thing that they kept somewhat the same was character specific cosmetic items for your player icon. It's impossible to accurately tranfser character progression from the old format to the new one because it's impossible to tell how long it took to do the weapon challenges. To give an idea, I had characters who I didn't max out after playing them for 10+ hours, and others that I had to max after playing them for less than 5. It all depended on what the challenges were."
76561198126661364,Not Recommended,273350,25572166,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Fat,ew
76561198039548286,Recommended,273350,14601139,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,UltimateChaos87,"Let me start by saying that I'm not generally into FPS games, simply because they can be so addictive.  However, when I saw that this game was coming out I knew that it would be a must buy!   After waiting, and watching reviews pop up that were less than I expected, I begin to become hesitant to make the purchase... However, thankfully, my curiosity got the better of me and I bought the game.  To begin with, every new game has glitches.  Games which use characters to scale (ex: large creatures or machines alongside small people) generally have some glitches that pop up.  Now, I'm not going to say that I haven't ran across a glitch or two in my time playing the game so far... But those small and insignificant events pale in comparison to the awesomness that is this game.  This development group has done an AMAZING job working on the details for it.  The enviroment, setting, players, weapons, cutscenes, combat mechanics, and especially the monster are all TOP NOTCH!  The only thing I can think of is the fact that this games requirements may cause issues on lower quality hardware, but my machine (PC) is custom built for gaming, and its not even top of the line.  Basically, what im trying to say is that everyone should give playing this game a shot, If your system (whether PC, PS4, or whatnot) meets the recommended system requirements for gameplay!I promise, you will not be dissapointed... I wasn't!  I now look forward to spending many hours, that I really don't have available to me, devouring tiny hunters with my wraith.  :D5 STARS!"
76561198033840349,Recommended,273350,14562394,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Adam-Bones,"This is a brilliantly designed game that is great fun to play, especially with friends. Each role within the hunter team has been well thought out and designed, creating a satisfying tactical element to the chase. The character writing is well done and the atmosphere is superb.There has been a lot of criticism about the amount and pricing of the game's DLC. However, I think this criticism has been largely unfair. Most of the DLC is purely aesthetic and has no effect on gameplay and while the as yet unreleased extra characters do seem expensive, there is enough content in the standard game to provide an enjoyable experience.The game does seem to be slightly lacking in variety, in terms of game modes and maps, but this isn't much of an issue when playing with a good group of friends, though solo grinding can become repetetive.4/5"
76561198093935066,Recommended,273350,14605382,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,nwise6,
,Recommended,273350,14474155,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Dark Templar,"This is a solid game. Very polished and runs smooth. A lot of people are turned off by the DLC but as of right now it's just skins and nothing game breaking. The controls are easy and comfortable with keyboard and mouse and the game does a great job with teaching you the basics.I like the fact that you can't pick the same hunter or monster each match. The game asks you which playstyle you like the most and will try to match you with that playstyle. Most matches you should be able to play the hunter or monster you picked as first choice, but you may be playing as your second, third, or fourth most liked choice. I think this will at least give you a chance to try another playstyle that you may have otherwise had no interest in. I ended up really ejoying the Medic playstyle this way.Hopefully 2K will take notice and tone the DLC down a bit but as long as it's just skins then I really see no issue. I was on the fence about this game for a while but I finally decided to give it a try and now I have a great game to play and add to my collection. Oh and you can also play Solo but come on...online is where this game is at!"
76561198004619910,Recommended,273350,14474269,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Uchuujin51,"Fun playing with friends as the hunters, fun playing alone as the monster. Easy to learn, but tough to master. Still rather terrible myself, but the gameplay is so exciting and balanced having a blast playing anyways!As for DLC, 90% is cosmetic, so who cares? If you're vain enough to need it, you can buy it, but it's really not nessicary. Of the remaining 10% (hunters and monsters ), you certainly don't have to buy everything. Prefer to play on a hunter team? Don't buy monster DLC. Perfer to be the damage dealer? Just buy assualt DLC. Everyone is going to have roles they gravitate towards, no need to purchase things you don't want."
76561198007559297,Recommended,273350,14586863,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Striker,"like most people, really looking forward to Evolve, i like the idea of playing a badass moster and a diverse survivor charector, however heres the thing.The monster - in my opinion the monster plays great feels good, isnt over powered like you may think, and they each are well designed. so thumbs up for monster :DNow the rub, the humans - now the problem with the humans is that we the players are humans, now the monster can be played by any person of whatever intelligance and there is a still a good chance for him to have a good game, however the human team if you get even 1 thick player, you will lose, because each of the classes are so important. So yeah the classes being important in their own write is a great thing however when you are going against 1 player who isnt relying on anyone else, you will struggle, to play as humans really requires a group of friends on vent or T/S. Otherwise you will not enjoy the game.My Conclusion - Yes the game is pretty good, certainly looks nice, has a few minor bugs which dont really affect anything, however if your planning on playing this on your own but on the multiplayer scene, i would not buy the game especially given the price of £35. If you are a group of 4 or 5 mates and are looking for a game to play together then i think it will be a great game, however i dont imagine it taking long to unlock anything meaningful as you unlock a charector and other than that its just skins so very little customisation.:)Score 5/10 if your on your own      8/10 if your planning on playing it with a reliable group of mates :)"
76561198023597286,Recommended,273350,12732877,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,BehemothUK,"First things firstThis game is currently in Alpha, everything I say will be subject to change on full release.That being said, for an Alpha I would say the game is very well developed. Moving on;GameplayI would give the gameplay to start off with a solid 8/10.As the Evolved, you have 3 charges of an ability that allow you to traverse terrain quickly and efficiently, as well as the ability to climb the terrain. The key as the Evolved is leaving no evidence of where you have been - Sneaking is key. This aspect allows you to bait the hunters into traps and allow for some pretty exciting battles.As the Hunters, you have a jetpack that allows you to traverse similarly to the Evolved, however due to being about 1/10th of the size at an obviously limited rate - a key tip as a Hunter though is the neat feature they've included which allows you to dash covering more ground than you should be able to; Meaning the Hunters aren't so slow after all!!GraphicsI would say the graphics are about 6/10.Currently the graphics aren't the best, however appears to tax pretty hard on the ol' GPU, running a GTX 780Ti on High pushes my graphics card to temperatures I've never seen it go to before (72+ degrees Celsius) however this could be down to low optimisation due to being in Alpha.UnlocksThe method of unlocking new weapons/perks/characters in the game is a strange one.For example playing as the goliath to unlock The Kraken requires you to deal a certain amount of damage with each ability on the Goliath, and it will not allow you to proceed with the next ranks of these abilities until you have completed ALL the abilities, this makes for some pretty stale unlocking when you want to unlock a new character.Game ModesCurrently in Alpha there is one game mode - the hunt, this basically consists of the 4 hunters trying to find the monster and the monster hiding until it reaches its max stage and can take them all on (stage 3). This can get a little repetitive if you play the same class over and over, so the fact you have 5 different classes (monster + 4 hunters) can help spice things up a bit.MatchmakingThe Matchmaking system tries to get you your preferred role as often as possible, after reaching level 13 I have played the majority of my games as the role that I have selected as my first preferred role.Meaning that this system works, however it can make for some long queue times meaning that this isnt exactly perfect.Overall8/10All in all, I think the game has potential as long as they don't make a lot of the updates that can be added as ""payable content"" I mean of course add a bit of DLC but don't make all of it £15 for a new map like mentioning no names...I reckon if you try this game, you will have a monster of a time!"
,Recommended,273350,12730998,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Urby,"Actually managed to get into the alpha, and all I can say is I'm blown away.As the creature, you start off weak and hunted, but play your cards right... and by right I mean be sneaky, and soon you will evolve enough to turn tables and become the hunter. Sounds generic I know but this game does it so well in a smooth seasaw motion.At first being the 4 hunters (Humans) Is kinda easy mode, and yes sometimes games can end fast due to an unskilled monster player or just dumb luck.To give a rough idea, the humans have to find this one monster and shoot it to bits all while navagating through a harsh eco system filled with other annoying monsters. And the main monster itself must avoid contact long enough to feed and evolve (Get more skills, hit harder and become larger... up to the point where you're practically godzilla) All classes have their abilities. As predicted human abilities can combo together to create a trap of a sorts.What is great about this game?- Looks pretty- Plays well- Lots of room for customisation (Play styles through chosing different abilities and perks)- Lots of potential for improvement- Addictive and satisfying- Cool little map thingy at the end of the game where you can watch everyone run around in circlesWhat is bad about this game?- Can be fustrating at times if you're unlucky- I guess some may call the gameplay repetative... I can understand this, but we shall see what things they add upon release.Concerns for the game?- The pontential to be destroyed by hacks, unfortunately such is the risk, but definately a game you want to pull out at a lan party.Oh and on a final note, you can get some pretty funny moments. One game I got tracked early on as a monster, and they trapped me in a forcefield bubble, running around in circles I was using hit and run tactics up untill the point where I figured I was about to die. Running away I accidently wedged myself between two rocks, obviously my even my unevolved rear end was too big to fit through, oddly enough I stopped getting shot at, curiously I peaked around only to watch all four hunters run right around the rocks and myself, two to each side and continue off in the direction I was heading... thats when I realised that my back actually looked kinda rocky (Minus all the blood and wounds that had been inflicted... but they didn't notice that.)Here is a tip, the monster can actually hide rather well, sometimes it might be best not to move at all, even when you are spotted, seems people are too much on the look out for movement rather than a big angry looking pile of meat."
76561198085535466,Recommended,273350,12748315,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Kanji^,"I RECCOMEND THIS FOR SURE! WORTH EVERY BUCK,YOU WILL PLAY ALLOT MORE ON THIS GAME THEN A NEW SINGLE PLAYER, GUARANTEED!I played quite somme time in the BIG ALPHA. I'm lvl 20 to give ya and idea.Not looking at the Probs with lobby's they had in the beggining, Its a verry fun game.Also not to forget is dat this is an Alpha, People say it gets oldschool quike, but It clearly stated dat ""Hunt"" is not gone be the only Gamestyle you will have + a 3the monster will be in the game when it releases.And game is realy fun, but to play solo as a hunter is super hard. With 1 friend at youre site , you can do ALLOT more.Some say game aint ballanced, but .. i think it is, most people just follow the footprints, dats a stupid way to go.When i play with my m8, then he follows the foothprints and i try to cut him off. dat way, he can barly eat anything.Communication is a big factor in this, when playing as a hunter.I'm a pretty decend monster i think, Ive only lost my first 2 monster matches and havent lossed any other match i played ( and i play'ed it quete allot ) I also got kraken, i must say.. he is OP in my prefrence, super mobility, And INSANE dmg. but i think he has less armor.So end conclusion: Monster is easyer to play as hunter. cus: Monster is solo, and as hunter ya need youre team to have an impact, and all work toghetter. But dat doesent make the game inballaced in my oppinion.So all by all, i will buy this game when it releases. I'm having a blast on it solo, and with friends.I'l shed a tear when alpha is gone :'(.(sry for my english)"
76561197970865662,Recommended,273350,12755175,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Hobo,"Very pleased with the alpha; good fun on both sides, had close fights throughout and solid enough seeming balance the characters play differently enough to keep them fresh, the first day was rough with server issues but thats to be expected. Stealth seems very strong and can be frustrating for the hunters but with a good team it has a good back and forth flow though either side can get decimated within a few seconds of bad play. Average games sit at the 10-15 minute mark. Some can be over far too quickly if the monster is caught out early.I'd say a microphone is essential theres enough basic tools to get across your intentions; Q - to mark points of interest and map markers for anything more important. Without a mic I see you struggling on the Human side.I only played a couple of games as the monster so the majority of my experience was human side with atleast one friend, I enjoyed both but obviously tackling some hulking monstrosity with your pals is great. Hoping the further additions to the game are equally good and that the end game balance with all the perks bumped up is still fair.Also some form of private lobby allowing friends to play all 5 roles would be apreciated, even if it removed class progression to remove exploiting the system. I've not been keen on the E-sport competitive focus the games been getting marketed as but if it means it remains well balanced and tense as the alpha has been I'll apreciate it. Frankly I'm not into the levelling up system as it forces play thats not neccesarily beneficial for the team just so you can unlock something extra, it also puts walls between the content you may want to access earlier. Though as previously stated my main worry is that the level gap will negatively affect the gameplay, reloading at 10% speed increase doesnt seem that big of a deal 30% does if the final level is 150% speed that could drastically affect how things play out and the other perks look to have similar increases. I'm rambling on... I've got high hopes for it and I've enjoyed what I've played, I hope that experience isnt going to be damaged by the implementation of an abitrary levelling system just to keep people playing. For all I know that may just be Alpha padding though it seems well implemented.7/10 fun with yer pals. Left 4 Dead with an alien or 2"
76561198003974988,Recommended,273350,12754176,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,iTori(בעסטער),"Great experience, new way of gaming, Devs of L4D Always, always find new paths in making multiplayer even more fun. Thanks for this game. As returning to the recommendations, it can be said that you shouldnt play as a monster at the first time, try to get known of the mechanics. Later on you can go on moster killing. Actually it is real fun, to sneaky hiding, looking how hunters run in the opposite direction, by this moment you get stronger, and after a while you get 3 level of evolution. No need to explain what hunter will meet.. only death.. ;) Play it and enjoy! 2K you are my one of the favourite dev crew."
76561198018203252,Recommended,273350,12767962,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Toxic Luckzor,"Closed Beta reviewThis game is refreshing, it's not really common to find games where you can fight 4vs1.But PLEASE TURTLE ROCK, ADD SOME BALANCE TO YOUR GAME !Hunters are killed on 5/6 rounds without dealing more than 10% health damage to the monster...Kraken is as OP as it was on alpha, but Wraith takes the term ""over-powered"" to a whole new level.New hunters have new stuff and most of them are great, still, it isn't enough to fight *new* monsters.Some hunters would need more power or less cooldown on their skills to match the new ones.Graphics are still stunning, sound effects are great, it runs great on my GTX780, nothing to say about that.7/10 for a Beta. I hope the game will be more balanced when it'll come out."
,Not Recommended,273350,19990875,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Avengersoul,"If you pay full price for this, which is still greatly reduced now it will be the most expensive game you never play! Enjoy!"
,Not Recommended,273350,14427149,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,BC ブーム,"Should'a waited until this was on sale.I want to like it more than I do. The gameplay for me is fun as hell but I can't respect devolpers who do DAY ONE DLC, and charge through the♥♥♥♥♥♥for a funky skin that isn't even a game changer.I bought it expecting better optimisation from the beta and more maps and general content (for the full ******* game price)I'd have been happy if this had been priced below £20 with more maps thrown in and maybe run properly.But I'm stuck with it, I enjoy what I got and I'm not buying any DLC. This had more potential.If I was a devoper daddy who saw my developer kids doing this♥♥♥♥♥♥I'd slap them silly.11/10 for marketing. 8/10 for gameplay. 6/10 for maps. 0.5/10 for my faith in humanity.*Overpriced DLC has a rating somewhere in the seventh circle of hell."
,Recommended,273350,17992910,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Anubis Kaine,"I tried out EVOLVE on the free weekend thing… the game Tutorials are very helpful both the Videos & game tutorials.I played for about 18 hour’s straight mostly single player with bots or (npc) with both Hunters and Monsters in various game modes.Multiplayer is different you can’t just pick the class you want to play with… it’s somewhat random so play all classes so it does not matter what you get!It was the Evacuation missions that sold it for me, evacuation is this games version of a campaign you never get the same evacuation missions two times in a row something will change.THIS IS ******* PARADISE !!!"
76561198103341415,Not Recommended,273350,26121073,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,ThatGuyStix,"Garbage game, pathetic excuse of balance, everything favours the hunters and absolutely nothing favours the monster, all in all, I deeply regret having pre ordered this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198030010200,Recommended,273350,14410208,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Michael,Amazing game! I'm really glad i pre-order it! Gameplay is best! =)
76561198021950478,Recommended,273350,14637039,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Obliteratus,"Played closed beta and bought it right after it ended.Evolve is in my opinion very exclusive in play style and very unique in genre.An intense experience of hide and seek as well as managing your every encounter with deep thought to it.Althought its an FPS and TPS it still holds a lot of strategic elements such as terrain usage, wildlife usage, abilities, timing, ANTICIPATION (probably most important).If you don't plan your actions carefully and don't keep in mind your surroundings then you will most likely get owned.Game is pretty well balanced but there is always room for improvement.Lot of characters to play, each with its own unique playstyles.Very fun to play in multi and solo mode, as well as hunter or monster.If this game will keep on growing - add more maps, more monsters and perhaps a few more hunters - then this one will most likely be mine game of the year and I'd say it will be nominated to this title by many."
76561198083951842,Recommended,273350,20235034,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ErzaTitanian,"This game is so awesome, I recommend everyone to buy it without hesitation. The most exciting thing in this game is when you are playing together with your friends as hunters. It's very cool and worth to puchase it."
76561198008643629,Not Recommended,273350,14424789,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,NixHex,I played beta.  It was ok.  This is too much money for what the game offers.   Really getting sick of all this DLC stuff in games nowadays.  It's not that I can't afford it but in my opinion it's dishonest to sell a game and then offer a ton of DLC that nearly doubles the game price.
,Recommended,273350,15059940,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,[ROG] WIDDLE HAMMER,it may be low on content but it s still a great game and they are probably going to keep adding content.
76561198094094469,Recommended,273350,18436631,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Blue Eyes White Harambe,"from what i played it was really fun, the reason i refunded it was because i couldnt find any matches online"
,Recommended,273350,15130824,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,FizZe,great fun for all
76561197997031982,Recommended,273350,15015943,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,StinkySourdoughSalad,"This is a summary of my opinions relating to this game.This game feels like a moba mixed with an FPS, the FPS mechanics are not very engaging however I do find being the monster to be tense and gratifying. Sadly matchmaking is randomized by preferance and you arent always chosen to be the monster, and when you are chosen to fulfill a specialized human role the world feels jarring, the traversal slow and combat that is similar to tank encounters with you flying around without the intensity and humor of flying off a cliff to your death (due to jetpacks). Its actually disorienting to take damage fly around and lose your bearings, rinse and repeat without the suspension of disbelief Left 4 dead achieved.I am sure you have seen the mixed reviews this game has received, and I can honestly say that this is not to the quality expected by people who developed Left 4 Dead. It feels more limited (with some charm though), Visually it is dark and bland, but with decent optimization to my midline computer (this game does scream console port), prior to purchase I heard complaints about the lack of FOV sliders, but that is false they do exist for those with the screen real estate.This game is impressively polished though there is some roughness as far as little glitches, floating prompts. I do long for the euphoria of fight or flight in L4D when things got tense. I cannot mention this enough, however clever or engaging this game does not eclipse the prior Zombie games of Turtle Rock. 7/10"
76561198055945597,Recommended,273350,16663890,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,jdriley17,"So. Here is Evolve in a nutshell. The concept is great. A balanced team of hunters trying to take down a monster.Your classes are standard.1. Damage2. Medic3. Support4. TrackerThe monsters are strong and hard to kill, they can get away, they move faster than you. Its what you would expect, and really, its fantastically done. I love the concept, and when the game came out, it was amazing. I got it upon release and played it tons.Now, here is the rub.One monster has destroyed this game for me.They placed in one close range bruiserOne long ranged sniperand one close ranged assassin.Great in theory, and everything is well balanced EXCEPT for the assassin.The assassin, AKA wraith, is a monster of monsters. I have seen mediocre players pick up wraith for the first time and take apart teams that were doing very well in a matter of seconds. The wraith has invisibility, cloning, self buffs, and the ability to pull opponents away from their group and begin a pounce style attack where the hunter cannot escape unless the wraith is damaged.Despite the wraith's low health, it is easily capable of taking out the entire team in its weakest form, stage one. If you do not have a well balanced, well communicating group of verteran huntesr, its almost guaranteed that a semi-decent wraith player will win.Now. In games like this, there are always ill-balanced characters. I expect that. It happens. It doesn't normally make the game unplayable. In fact, I still love this game. My issue is that wraith is all you see now. Becuase it is so easy to win with, people make a time out of picking it, and it alone. during the release of the title, when no one had access to wraith, games went well. I won or lost about half, depending on my team and the opponent. Once wraith became available however, I stopped seeing both the goliath and the kraken at all, and soon I dropped the game.Now, this was a bit of a rant, I accept that. My point is that 2K made an awesome game, with a great concept, and they introduced a game breaker into it, and though this has been an issue since release, it hasn't been fixed. Even with this major issue, I still recomend this game, though I do ask if you main monsters, that you do not pick wraith every time. I however, am dropping this game for the time being, because I cannot stand seeing my team wiped out again and again by stage 2 wraiths, without ever once seeing a different monster."
,Recommended,273350,18883379,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,DANK SIDIOUS,"fun game,9/10pros fun monsterfun huntingamazing graphicsamazing controll and mobility aspectscons a pro monster player will win even against higher rank hunterstipsplay bots before you go public or you will get wrecked(that is my guess for the bad reviews)"
76561198006629521,Recommended,273350,16097658,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,MS Paint GOTY Edition,"I like this game, but unfortunately I like it a LOT more as the monster. Team mates generally don't communicate or stick together and end up being less helpful. Overall I'd say it's worth picking up for £20 or so."
76561198082762050,Recommended,273350,14966858,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,PsychoYoda,"One of the best games to be released! Great Gameplay, Fun, and stratigic."
76561198039465894,Recommended,273350,14966733,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,I IZ DA FISHMAN,I'm just happy to see something different in multiplayer. I find the FPS multiplayer model MINDNUMBING and Evolve offers the most unique on this in years. I will admit the marketing for this game was horrible and the DLC mongering is real but the core of the game is truly fun. I would recommend it to anyone
76561198153148994,Recommended,273350,16746415,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,qmazurenko,super good game and it is the best one i have
76561198034917716,Recommended,273350,16802014,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,nanac,"What I thought was going to be a generic shooter (basically a longer version of the tank fights from left for dead) is a suprisingly deep system of class combination and tactics. Every round has an incredible arc, for both the hunters and monster. Its a slog to get through the initial unlocks but if you just grind it out for a bit I promise its one of the games that gets alot better the more you play it."
,Recommended,273350,16838686,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Pistn,"Evolve has a hint of greatness, but a lack of content and variation. It has a balanced class-based, teamwork orientated gameplay, great graphics and slick mechanics that keep you playing into the wee hours of the night. It's best played with 2 or 4 friends."
76561198170206515,Recommended,273350,16803126,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Hoop Waffle,Awesome new experiance worth yo time much hate for game but its good
,Recommended,273350,18862862,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,SeanTheCritic,"Should you buy Evolve? Here's the Pro's and Con'sPRO'S:+Fast-Pace, heartpounding gameplay.+25 characters in total.+Little to no bugs.+Online ranking system.+Smart A.I.+$230 worth of DLC.+Lovable Hunters.+Pretty cheap.CON'S-No Steam loud support.-Lack of player base.Overall, Evolve get's an A-!"
,Not Recommended,273350,29430871,Posted: 22 January,all,☢☣☯Scarlxd☯☣☢,BUGGED GAME i CAN LOG ON ME ACCOUNT WTF?????
76561198014353555,Recommended,273350,16664829,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Khronbear,"I've enjoyed this game very much, have a close group of friends that I play hunters with and we almost always kill the monster. Great graphics and a fairly simplistic combat system.Now, while I do agree with how ludicrous the DLC has been post launch, I've still enjoyed playing as the hunters (not so much as with the new monster) and I'll most likely wait for the rest of season pass 2 to be released since my favorite roles are support and trapper :/"
76561198200286733,Recommended,273350,18255975,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,jetzues1,This game deserves a bigger fanbase
,Recommended,273350,18119443,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Pink Reaper | gamekit.com,Its an awesome game with some cool monsters and hunters
76561198139722272,Recommended,273350,19127254,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,GrumpyLion,Good game should get it
76561198197431914,Recommended,273350,19327730,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Rifat,I love this game.Its both unique & extra ordinary game.Although the cut scenes need to improve a lot.The story line is a bugger but the gameplay is nice.The evacuation mode needs to be much more developed.Overall the game is rock solid & worth the purchase but a lot of improvement can be done.Another storyline campaign woul be nice.
76561198044093513,Recommended,273350,16412337,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,werox,epic game
76561198039292388,Recommended,273350,15714388,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Peter,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PhoxJh5lIaEThe concept behind Evolve really is a unique one. Four human players have to hunt down a monster before he manages to Evolve and and become enough of a force to openly challenge the hunters. The 4v1 idea is indeed an interesting one, and one which developer Turtle Rock Studios has skilfully executed. However despite its unique concept, Turtle Rocks fails to expand and build upon its original premise. Mind you this isn’t a bad game… in fact its good, sometimes great even, however unfortunately despite everything Turtle Rock gets right, its newest shooter fails to Evolve into something truly special.Evolve is set on Shear, a human colony that has been settled due to its rich mineral deposits; however the local fauna isn’t exactly happy to see us there, particularly a bunch of ferocious and intelligent monsters. After the colonists realise they’ve bit off more than they could chew, an evacuation is announced, and a team of hunters is dispatched to eliminate the beasts while the rest of humanity packs up and leaves. And… thats just about all the story you get in Evolve, which basically serves as a means to dispatch you on exotic, and extremely dangerous hunting trips. Now while you shouldn't expect much on the narrative side of things, the games characters are are well voiced, memorable and bursting with personality. The world of Shear has received similar attention to detail. All the maps are extremely well designed, and filled with lush vegetation and hostile wildlife, and are graphically stunning due to the power of Cry Engine 4. So it comes as a great shame that most of those maps look exactly the same. Towering cliffs, dense jungle and industrial facilities make up most of the scenery in Evolve’s numerous settings, and while it helps to establish the world of Shear, it means that none of the maps particularly stand out, as often you simply wouldn’t be able to tell the damn difference.Evolve consists of four game modes, however just like the locations you are sent to, none of those modes manage to stand out on their own. The fundamental mode on offer here is Hunt, in which the hunters must track down and kill the monster before it manages to Evolve to the point where it is likely to make said hunters its midnight snack. Now one immediate thing to note is the large amount of downtime, as you will spend most of your time not fighting the monster, but instead looking for it, a burden mostly put on whoever decides to play the tracker. This is where Evolves great emphasis on teamwork comes in, something which is often both a blessing and a curse for the game. You see, your enjoyment with Evolve is often dependant on the people you play with. If your tracker is incompetent, than good luck ever catching up to the monster. If your medic is screwing around, than no-one is there to heal the team. On the flip side if the monster doesn’t know what he’s doing, than the game might be over far too quickly. Unfortunately Evolve is only excellent sometimes, and when everything clicks, when your team is working together, and the monster is putting up a good fight, than you are guaranteed to have a good time. When you finally defeat your enemy as a result of great teamwork, or manage to outwit the hunters, you will feel a sense of satisfaction rarely present shooters these days; however that is a lot of variables all have to fall it place for that to happen. This is why I highly recommend playing Evolve with friends, the same way I wouldn’t recommend playing with a bunch of randoms in Left 4 Dead. Because when a game is so focused on teamwork and coordination, than you better make sure you play with the right people.Now the other modes are only slight variations on the original formula. For example the hunters might have to destroy a bunch of eggs, or protect civilians. However sooner of later it all comes down to the same 4v1 battles, and while the objectives might be different, the scenarios that you end up with are practically the same. Sure, modes like defend might eliminate a lot of the downtime by immediately upgrading the monster to stage 3 and ordering him to destroy a series of objectives, but essentially the end result is the same confrontation between the hunters and their adversary. Turtle Rock has created a great foundation, but has then failed to build upon it. Playing as the monster however is a lot of fun, and it is always entertaining to go from vulnerable to near unstoppable in a matter of minutes, and you are presented with a wide range of abilities with which to crush your opponents. From fire breath and rock throw on the goliath, to lighting strike on the kraken to teleportation and cloaking on the wraith. Currently there are three playable monsters, with a fourth sold as  DLC… oh yea… DLC.As you might have heard Evolve got was under fire recently due to its approach to downloadable content, most of which isn’t even included in the season pass. Now granted a lot of that content are skins and cosmetic items, but also includes an extra monster and hunters. While this isn't as big of an issue as some people made it out to be, when a AAA game launches with 100 dollars of DLC, it just stinks of the publisher attempting to milk the player of evey last dime. I also took issue with Evolve’s progression system, which felt unnecessarily convoluted. It works on two separate levels. Your player progression improves your overall player rank, unlocks new perks, and is generally increased by simply playing the game. Your character progression is specific to the class you play. For example by playing the medic you will level up that particular class. Makes sense right? Well… not really. New gear unlocks with new characters, and in order to obtain the next character in said class you will have to completely master the previous one. This means it takes ages to unlock new characters and gear, which is a real great shame considering how just much that later equipment can increase your enjoyment with the game. It really should be pointed out that all the weapons and equipment here are unique, feel great to use and all serve a specific purpose. Which is why it sucks so bad that a lot of it is locked away until much later, where many players simply wouldn’t be bothered to grind for it.At the end of the day, Evolve is not a bad a game. I think this should be made blatantly clear. In fact it is a very unique monster hunting game which occasionally shines of greatness. It is a very polished game, and when everything clicks the hunt can prove to be exhilarating, however it seems that while Turtle Rock came up with an excellent idea on which to base their game, they have rather ironically failed Evolve it into something a lot more worthwhile. Meaning this is a game built around one gimmick, and once those 4v1 battles get boring than so does the entire game. In conclusion I would recommend Evolve to those deeply interested in the concept, just bring some friends if you can."
,Recommended,273350,19791867,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Ransac4987,"Fun game! I've found myself more and more into the types of games that I can play with a small group of people like Left 4 Dead, UT, Rocket League, etc. and this one seems to fit the same group pretty well."
76561198054425900,Recommended,273350,16505977,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Glock,"Good game. Gets a little old a little quick though, so I tend to find myself jumping on for one game here and there only now . Enjoy playing the monster, but get use to not being able to talk to anyone, even between games. Worth a play though."
76561198093342762,Recommended,273350,16510109,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,KennyTheTiger,This One of the best games I have owened my coumputer is a work is progress so it could not run this game very well. but even through i have a outstanding experence playing this game and I would recomend it to any one who could run this game.
,Recommended,273350,17516471,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Foletox :),"Really fun game!! I love the 4v1, they executed it perfectly!   12/10Ive seen lots of hate reviews but honestly its a great game, its my favorite game of all time and its super fun!! All the classes and monsters are balanced and the gameplay is lots of fun especially with friends, I love the idea!! I definatly recommend."
76561197971586087,Not Recommended,273350,17904747,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Wimser,A little boring.
,Recommended,273350,17833350,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Mr. Freeze,When the monster evolves it's really more like metamorphosis
,Recommended,273350,18093458,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Reaper Goliath,I GOT STUCK BETWEEN A TREE AND A TRACTOR >:( BUT ITS STILL FUN :D
76561197991983742,Recommended,273350,17498505,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Another2maro,This game perfectly describes my sex life.I lose a lot.
,Recommended,273350,18114865,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Artek [General],"Evolve is an awesome game. It really is! The style, the atmosphere, the characters and ofc the gameplay. I truly like it.However, many people don't like it and i'm going to adress all occusasions that this game got.1) The prices and DLCs.Yes, it is a little bit expensive. But all ""big"" games are these days. Time to get used to that, really. Besides you can just wait for 50% discount or something, it's not like we are on Steam, right?DLC prices are high even by my standarts though, but they're mostly skins, so... Doesn't count. And i bought only 1 character that was of interest to me.2) The game is repetetive.Well, guess what? All games are in some way. It's you who is supposed to make it not: change the class, change the character, change the perk, play as monster. ""So many posibilities and all he can do is whine.""Yes, you do the same thing over and over again, but it's fun!If saving humanity from giant monsters by hunting them down is not interesting to you (or the other way around) well - that's just you, better play something else then.3) Monsters / Hunters are OP (disbalance issues)Actually i kinda agree to that... I can see how some characters perform way better on the battlefiled than other ones*COUGH* Wraith *COUGH*but in the end: it's all about player's performance. Do what you are supposed to do and everything will be fine.I guess...4) What was it... Oh right! Low player base / long matchmaking searches.Those 2 things are directly related, and currently it's the main problem of the game, really.But guess who can change it? YOU!If YOU will buy this game. ALL of you.And play it with same passion and interest as i do - this issue will no longer be relevant....Or developers could finally make the game free to play and just leave DLCs there. That surely would work too.Final Score:8/10would get eaten by a plant againwould get focused by monster again (because i'm medic)would become monster again (though I DON'T WANT TO)would lose against Wraith again. And again. And again. And... My gosh, will this female thingy get nerfed already?!P.S. Val is the best"
76561197991047278,Recommended,273350,18094726,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,JesusLvsU,"Fun game, really enjoy playing it with my friends!"
76561198124859925,Not Recommended,273350,19299049,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,toastersmasher,welp i bought dlc and they say i dony have it so in short screw them get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together
76561198183221127,Not Recommended,273350,21006570,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Weeb_Cat,"Game looked good at first, played it for five hours and enjoyed it. After unlocking every free character in about this time game got very repetetive and boring. Unless you of course want to spend 80 dollars extra for content, don't buy this game."
76561198208371435,Recommended,273350,18927314,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,SomeRandomDutchDude,"I really like this game, this was my first shooter ever and i was immediately hooked, if you need to be hunter you have to have good teamwork, if monster just wreck em all"
,Recommended,273350,18941235,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,cyborDeath,i love this game it is super fun and it runs super good
76561198082980350,Recommended,273350,24173085,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Black Syndrome,Lets Download get founders package and get out jk i loved evolve just so little player basis hopefuly f2p will add more players and reduce queue times
,Recommended,273350,12787859,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Emihime,"I... am simple in love with this game after playing Alpha. If you liked Left 4 Dead, I'm pretty certain you'll love Evolve."
,Recommended,273350,14694375,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Ultimafatum,"Evolve offers great cooperative, asymetric gameplay similar to Turtle Rock's Left 4 Dead series and expand on the formula even further. Hunters (survivors) are now differenciated through classes, which offers deeper strategic choices in-game, as well as gameplay customization. The FPS elements are fun, with many different tools across the board and the monsters are each very different to play and offer a distinct flavour to the hunt. Turtle Rock is making very good updates and balance changes to the game to ensure the best quality possible. Did I forget to mention it looks gorgeous? Very fun - I absolutely recommend it!"
,Not Recommended,273350,19868647,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Dennis-RIP-Dog,People still play this game?A.K.A. I played this game for an hour after launch and haven't played it since.Sure says more than anyone else could.
76561198065160268,Recommended,273350,14644144,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Noobly,Awesome game amazing graphics not the best story line but good fun and challenging
,Recommended,273350,22327127,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,=THT= frogzillan,you need alot a strategy to play
,Recommended,273350,15080522,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,KrazyFlames,Great Game #toogud4u
76561198019386960,Recommended,273350,14650142,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,RagingGamer,"Honestly, ignore the hate. Micro transactions are not pay to win in this instance...DON'T BUY THEM if you don't want them! Its fun to play with friends and randoms online. A very select few bugs but nothing extremely bad. AI is great and the game has a lot of potential. DLC coming isn't a bad thing like people say. This game was BUILT for DLC, the faster they release them the happier I'll be. Consider this...More hunters, More Monsters, More maps, More game modes = More replayability.Please don't buy into this new fab of hating on games for Micro-trans. Its stupidhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-XEyZHMZIXq8LFt-svL2ywEDIT: I've been playing the game more and I have to admit the biggest fault of the game...balancing is a big issue for the hunters. Wraiths are easily taken down if you can contain them, while Hunters like Laz are almost impossible to kill if they are played with even some remote skill."
,Recommended,273350,22096367,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Shteak,"Its like the game monster hunter, but a fifth player gets to be the monster. Its very fun to be monster, especially in stage 3 where its at a final boss like level. Playing as the hunters can also be very fun so long as your teamates arent ignorant and try to find the monster alone, never run off alone as hunter and always stay within a hundred or so feet of the other 3 hunters. Hide and seek, to the death."
,Recommended,273350,14435629,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,spageti boy,"DLC won't kill the game, i can see this lasting longer than expected.EDIT: The game has potentioal to grow big, it has all that gameplay needs that they said they would have and more. DLC as of right now are SKINS. It's exetremely frustraiting to see people put a game down due to something..that isn't blocking the game in any singular way POSSIBLE.Is this game overpriced? Most likely. Is it not worth it? It is worth it if you want the game, FOR THE GAME.*UPDATED*Game has gone through big changes, fixed a lot of issues, dedicated this month to constant updates and changes, adding new characters, maps and skins. It's been really fun, feels like the same evolve but much more simpler. NO DLC CURRENTLY, Only ingame currency that is easily obtainable by playing."
76561198191872128,Recommended,273350,21828668,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Noob-Noob,"Such a good game, if only the queue times weren't so long."
76561198126068748,Not Recommended,273350,18972678,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,[E.T.C]dalailama,I ♥♥♥♥ing hate this ♥♥♥♥ing game
76561198057886573,Recommended,273350,14447524,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Despacito,bad game same free game
,Not Recommended,273350,24186121,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Diesel Uterus,Evolve Profile Service Error....Good job fixing the game!11/10
76561198000712446,Recommended,273350,14497464,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Rojigami,"A smart competitive shooter ruined by it's aggressive push on DLCs. Although nothing game breaking is being sold within the ridiculously large day 1 ingame store, it still left many with a bitter taste in the mouth. In terms of gameplay Evolve carries its adrenaline pumping heritage from Left 4 Dead. It is a game suitable for a team of friends working together to lay waste on unsuspecting strangers online."
,Recommended,273350,14500136,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Druuxe,this game is really nice if there wouldn't be the problem that you search a game and join it but you are the monster that has like 2 health bars left or the hunter who is the only one left and the bug that a creature falls out of a world but if you are in the game from the start on you can just feel it how it is to be a hunter which trys to kill the monster or the monster which trys to sneak and not get caught before stage 2 or 3
,Not Recommended,273350,24153794,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Mommy says I'm Special,This better not go F2P... RIP my money if it does.
,Recommended,273350,24184243,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,黒と夜,"I loved this game before it was even free to play. Now that it is though, i'd recomend checking it out. Now, it HAS reverted back to a beta style, meaning less maps and and modes to choose from, however, I still recommend checking it out. they have totally reconfigured how lvling works as far as the player profile lvl goes... The have intrudiduced a 'silver coin' system for unlocking skins, lvling post game passive skills, ect. So yes, while it is no longer a full game now, it IS defenitly worth checking out for free. And I suspect that Evolve Stage 2 beta will grow in both community and game play rather rapidly. Just my personal thoughts, mind."
,Recommended,273350,14684118,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Pink_Beard,MUST BUY!!i love it :)
76561197995177754,Recommended,273350,12733879,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,GrusGuleM,"First of all, it's a good game, they need to flesh it out more, but at least the Extraction campaign is fun and a bit different every time you play it. But I do recommend that you play it with friends, because otherwise, you'll get stuck with a bunch of morons that gets tunnel vision and their only thought is ""SHOOT DA MUNSTAH"" which can be annoying when you are downed.But, I will not recommend this to anyone who actually thinks that a company who sells OPTIONAL skin packs and characters are the spawn of Hitler, because they do a lot of it. But for people who aren't communists and have friends, it's a great game that will give you hours of fun, I got like 60 hours from the Beta alone, so 100 hours for 50€, I'd say that's a pretty good deal."
76561198000355627,Recommended,273350,12781719,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Archangel,"At first I thought this game was boring and slow, sometimes taking ten minutes just to find the monster for the first fight(and if you are up against the Kraken will get nuked), however as you move along and get a feel for the game it is rather enjoyable (if sometimes frustrating). It can swing either way at any point, one second the monster has wiped out all but one but then that one could simply survive until the others respawn and then go on to win. Other times it can just be a quick 5 minute job. Will be interesting to see what other monsters come in the future."
76561198068825864,Recommended,273350,12782545,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,[VVAR] Dark Prophet,So much fun to play with a few friends
76561198207754739,Recommended,273350,21347133,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Spike_1235,over all the game is amzing but there are some things i dont like.1. when i kill 3 hunters as the monster they all respon wtf2. i wish you can buy things from the store with IN GAME moneythose are all the things (i can think of) that i hate about the game
,Not Recommended,273350,27708652,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tomato,"for ♥♥♥♥s sake, i spent 50 euros buying this and then they made it free without giving my money back, so i lost 50 euros ya boi"
,Recommended,273350,18005831,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,microdave,"Really great game, love the subtle backstory elements sprinkled throughout. Lots of the negative reviews on Steam are from people with 100+ hours played - that's just ridiculous IMO."
,Recommended,273350,18012498,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Ddoghusky,Very fun game but bugs with the hunt gamemode when i get disconnected without quitting i get a time where i cant join another recently aka 1 minute ago i thought a wraith and it was 1 hp pretty much with no armor then as i was about to kill it i got disconnected and know cant play for half an hour but overall good game even though its got bugs
,Recommended,273350,16659342,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Mack Daddy,"I've been with Evolve from the very beginning and all I can say is that it's a shame what happened to it. Evolve didn't have a great launch, like most muliplayer games there were bugs/balancing issues that killed its fanbase from the very beginning. The concept was so out there and different so a lot of people had a difficult time grasping the gameplay and quit if they lost. This game took a lot of skill and strategy to win, but as of now the game was rebuilt for a player base to be able to gain new people playing and to easily get into it. WELL, you can see how great that worked out. A lot of people left after it went FTP because some people( such as me) had spent a lot of money in this game whether it was dlc or just cosmetic items and said ♥♥♥♥ this im out. I kept playing though, I loved this game so much. But then the problem that cut me out was that the devs got cut out of their game. Imagine someone taking your child away from you after putting so much time and resources into it and it just gets taken from you and there is absolutely nothing you can do because you signed a deal with the devil (2k). When 2k started taking care of Evolve, well when I say take care I mean shove it into a dusty closet and ever so often theyed have the servers work to play. That killed the game for me. If it's a challenge to just get the game to work then it starts to become a chore and it kills the fun. I haven't played since then idk if the servers work better now, but if they do I could recommend this because it's a great game even if a quarter of my hours are offline I would still say yes, but if the servers are still garbage then nope don't waste your time just watch some videos and get the experience there because you will just wait there hoping to get in a game and nothing will happen.  Ireally hope the servers are fixed because I miss this game. :("
76561197995787403,Recommended,273350,18008360,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,ASH,It's different and really fun.  I have recommended it already to my buds.
76561198050956034,Recommended,273350,20409928,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Smiley Smiles,Best... Conversations... Ever.
76561198088364565,Recommended,273350,20390387,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Capt Zanzi,"4 man squad vs 1 badass monster, all player controlled. The concept is so new, I've never seen or played anything like it. I mostly play the monster and even if I lose its just awesome to see the team work together. I just so much fun out it. Sure the game is over priced ""and by some miracle I got it on sale"" but so what. Some people are willing to spend $127 skins for the guns in counter strike. The difference is that This is a video game, brought in to be world for people's entertainment. The only complaint I have is the price, maybe if it was lowered more people can experience the thrill of the hunt. I don't know this is all my opinion, I like the game, I wish it had more positive views, to me it just seems like a waste of a really good concept."
,Recommended,273350,21987420,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,BaasKaas,What can I say. I had fun for the amount I've played (4.3 hours isn't correct. Its around 20 ish) and easily got my moneys worth out of it :P
,Recommended,273350,14421193,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Thicc Thunder,Old man's balls.
,Not Recommended,273350,22922937,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Mordicuno,First of all don't buy it unless its less than $20. I bought this soon after release for $60 and oh I was stupid. Its repeatitive as hell. Cool idea but poorly executed.
76561198274132239,Recommended,273350,24342362,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,excecutioner101,I really like this game its fun to play and its different everytime I play.
,Recommended,273350,19240012,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,zoomy Nightclaw,"Although, yes there can be long waiting times, but with friends, the waiting times are no problem at all. This is a great game with a variety of characters and content to explore. I think this is a game that the players on the more competitive side should play and add me if you haven't! :D Always looking for hunters to F̶e̶e̶d̶ hunt with. Anyway, great game, beautiful graphics, and just AMAZING! -zoomsuper   9/10"
76561198093713330,Recommended,273350,14833953,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,The Diddler,Its a fun game until an♥♥♥♥♥♥♥plays the wraith and just runs away the whole game more repetative then it already is.
76561197982683421,Recommended,273350,15478993,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Short Bus Shawn,Been playing it a while. Still adrenaline pumping fun. 100+ hours and I plan on many more.
,Recommended,273350,17886780,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Cai,Pros:*Intense battles (When your NOT chasing or running)*Good graphics*Good selection of characters and more on the wayCons:*Long matchmaking times (be prepared to shave twice today)*Maps arent as expansive as some might expect. (You will be running in circles if the players are good...or just really scared)
76561198158017967,Recommended,273350,29523574,Posted: 27 January,all,Swaggerboi,yayayayayyayayayyaayyaayayyayayayyayayayayaayyayyayayayayyayayyyyyyayyyayyayayyyya
,Recommended,273350,29532206,Posted: 27 January,all,Duck Duck Grey Duck,This game is for my pimps out there! Respect to the ♥♥♥♥♥s who fought their way to bling.
,Recommended,273350,12760411,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,WingDancer,"*THIS IS AN ALPHA REVIEW**TL;DR VERSION AT BOTTOM*Day 1: Super hyped, started game with 2 other friends only to find that the matchmaking was busted. Fell back on some other games for a few hours in which the devs fixed the issue.- Having a medium gaming rig caused stuttering on lowest of low setting, but nothing ground breaking. Couldn't appreciate graphical fidelity, but it wasn't anything I care much about nowadays- Hunting a monster felt satisfying, after a few rounds one REALLY gets into the spirit of things and it becomes a thrill. To date no game felt for me this way.Day 2: Game was running okay, decided to try out monster.- Heart pounding and super stressed while playing. The hunters never let up and a player could really feel like a beast being chased and cornered. To date, no game made me so breathless and on the edge of my seat.- Reaching level 3 and pounding hunters to bits felt satisfying after all the stress of avoiding them. The game rewards you immensely if you play it right as monster.- Subsequently, next monster game I got rekt. Didn't feel bad about it because the hunters were really good and organised.- Playing with friends again, we had a few epic matches and last stands, enough stories to go talk our gamer friends' ears off. Granted some monsters were clueless and lost within minutes, but those that avoided us for more than 10 minutes were an enjoyable hunt.Day 3:- By this time we could be considered fairly proficient in the game. Tactics were developed to better follow and trap the beast, where to defend and how to corral the critter into a more favourable location.- Watched friend play the monster, and there are a lot of things the bugger can do to make the game more exciting. Hunters, ALWAYS CHECK YOUR BUSHES! Seriously, it makes you less embarrassed when you watch the replays afterwards.- Kraken is glass canon and must be trapped in a cave. *shrugs*-= TL;DR VERSION =-- Devs are really working hard on the game and are fair to players (The Alpha got extended due to problems on the PS4 for all platforms, yay!)- Playing as hunters, cooperation is critical, so you're better off playing with friends. The game isn't as fun if you don't communicate.- Playing monster is super difficult and you should first play hunter and observe. When played right, you are allowed to feel like a stealthy badass.- Even for an Alpha, this game is pretty much finished. I have confidence that by release it will be a must-buy for me.- Some may say that the game loses it's replayability after a few matches. If you play with friends and against skilled foes, I guarantee that won't be the case."
,Recommended,273350,14552338,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Optimal,"I leik dis game cuz you can git big and hide & seek is fun game but imagine that with growing really big, ur frands find you and ur bigger dan they r so you paunch them in the juggular and throw them into walls. no like buying extra conant that shuld be free unlockables however fun gaem with frands less so with strangers."
76561198041380588,Recommended,273350,17921261,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,sekritbros 2,love it!!!
76561197984046501,Recommended,273350,14430410,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Kuderewko,Games pretty fun and is best played with friends. Game play is smooth at max settings and I have not experienced any bugs as of yet. Many reviews do not recommend this game because of the price tag. Price is a little high but all the dlc available at lauch are only skins. This is no different than most moba games that release a character or new skins every few months. It is no way pay to win as you have to play the mosters and hunters to unlock abilities and cannot pay to unlock more at the start. Nice thing is that those who do not choose to buy later dlc characters can still play with the people who do. This wont seperate players like other fps games. So far I'm enjoying Evolve and not concerned that there will be dlc. I would recommend waiting until some people on your friend list plan to pick it up though as it really is best with friends.
,Recommended,273350,29619195,Posted: 31 January,all,Valkyrie,<3
,Recommended,273350,14425868,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Mr Freebird,"This makes a change huh, a review NOT being a baby about the bad DLC.Yes, it is repetitive, but in the right kind of repetitive where it's a multiplayer focused game.The game being repetitive was pretty obvious anyway. Don't sign up for something you don't like after all.Long story short, stop complaining about not getting what you want and just accept it, the games good and pretty fun."
76561198189360231,Not Recommended,273350,29860361,Posted: 11 February,all,EddyWhite,"the game is left for dead, do not bother"
76561198142558593,Recommended,273350,14425575,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,[Tonka Trucks] TenderToots,This is a ♥♥♥♥ing great game!!!
76561198089041824,Recommended,273350,14425673,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,smug me amadeus,its pretty fun. dont get it unless you can be a team player
76561198065709137,Not Recommended,273350,12754466,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Spacemarian(STP_UK),DO NOT BUY OR PLAY ITS NOW FREE TO PLAY WHICH IS GOOD FOR NEW PLAYERS BUT SINCE I BROUGHT ON RELESE AND HAVE MASSIVLY SUPPORTED THIS GAME FROM DAY 1 ON DRAWNING BOARD NOW IT IS A PILE OF WA**NK PLEASE DO NOT BUY.MESS TO DEVELOPERS AND GUYS THAT CHANGED YOU SHOULD OF KEPT THE WAY IT WAS HERE COMES A SAY DON'T FIX SOMETHING THAT WASN'T BROKEN THANKS FOR AND 80 QUID GAME THAT NOW DOSN'T WORK
,Recommended,273350,12758617,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,BillyDuhKid,Very surprised by how much fun the alpha is! I’ve been burned out with FPSs for a long time! I haven’t had this much fun with once sine maybe the original Borderlands.
76561197983461692,Recommended,273350,12767987,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Caspertoo,"It's like left for dead style coop game.  Less of a story line and the target is to kill the monster.  The monster is evolving (thus the name) and while it's small, it has to run from the humans, but as it evolves, the humans become the prey.  It's fun and I plan to play it more."
76561198120419114,Recommended,273350,12769577,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,------------,Love the game
76561198060188688,Recommended,273350,14414625,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Valhallan,Killed Daisy with a rock 10/10 would kill again - IGN
,Recommended,273350,14475862,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Ras Mereth,Really fun game. Defeinitely recommended
76561198014187103,Recommended,273350,14475881,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Dr.Smith,Its good.
76561197986160357,Recommended,273350,14476115,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,†<CC><Ryvaldus,"I've enjoyed it a great deal.  I'm sorry that everyone else has a bee in their bonnet, but I've enjoyed it tremendously.  Me and Abe are besties and I look forward to one day not sucking with the Kraken,"
76561198013368738,Recommended,273350,14424713,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Maximus,"I am so far happy with the game on day 1 release. It has enough people playing and games are actually quite fun. Monsters/AI are well written and balance out nicely to the 4 players. Granted human controlled monsters are a true challenge. Be prepared to lose, but that is what makes winning worth it. Teamplay and cohesion will be the key components of winning."
,Recommended,273350,14430434,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Miransi,"Do I recommend this game? If you have friends to play it with, then absolutely. Everyone's complaint about DLC and the like is ridiculous. None of that DLC is even available at launch, just skin packs if you want your monster or weapons to look different. That doesn't affect the game at all, honestly.It's a blast to play, and most of the negative reviewers here agree with that. Sure, there's only three monsters with only three different characters for each of the four classes and only four gamemodes on, gosh, only sixteen maps?! We must feel cheated at how each game can differ with the varying weather conditions, perks for both hunters or monster such as aggressive wildlife, healing pods, or scent blockers. In the Evacuation campaign mode, these conditions can change for yout next game based on your performance in the last! Oh mercy they should have given us more! Let's not even mention the balancing of each class, which is done so well and has had so much time spent on it to give us a better gameplay experience that I can't even fathom why they couldn't have spent less time on that and more on free content!It's a great game. Grab some friends and play. Get over the whole DLC thing and enjoy yourselves, ya bunch of dunderheads."
,Recommended,273350,12744966,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,IRNBORNHOBO,realy fun to play
76561198102025668,Recommended,273350,14426500,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,WearyKing,"After reading about 3 pages of this game.. and seeing how bad people rated it. all i saw was they were comlaining about the dlc WALL of pain. And yes i do agree with them on that part. but over this game is not that bad is is really fun to play with friends and still enjoyable by yourself. I think they just have to make some major tweaks on there selling of the game. LIKE really 2k 70$ for some crap, I think the game should be priced at around 40$ or 30-35$... Still buy the game TONS of fun"
,Recommended,273350,14426533,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Etheras,"I had no interest in Evolve.I'm not into PvP really. I like games with a rich story and long single-player campaign. I wasn't going to buy it or even try it.So when I got into the Evolve Alpha, I wasn't even going to play it. But some of my friends were coo-coo for it and talked me into trying it. So when I say this game is FREAKING INCREDIBLE, don't take that lightly.The first time I played it, I had problems with it. Mostly because the graphics are pretty detailed and I ran it at higher than recommended settings, which rendered it was unplayable. But since then I've purchased a new gaming PC that runs it smooth as silk. After those initial problems I think I played it for several hours straight. Then when I came home from work the following day, I hopped right back ingame.---- SO WHAT'S GOOD ABOUT IT? ----Where do I begin?* BALANCE - At first glance the most obvious plus is the graphics, but after several hours of playing, the graphics just aid in the immersion, and the thing that really sticks out is the asymmetrical gameplay still strikes an incredible balance.* GAMEPLAY - Tight and responsive controls. Although that's hardly a feat for a modern AAA+ FPS. Evolve does a good job of making the controls transparent between the user and the game. Other gameplay-related plusses would be the very different classes, and how they were clearly well-considered and designed to be played differently. Each has very specific strengths, and even the guns and tools for each class are useful, original, and futher the character's role. The addition of fantastic character mobility: humans in the form of jetpacks (which are tons of fun!) and the monster(s) in the form of powerful lunging and climbing abilities, it gives map traversal more of a ""parkour"" feeling, with the monster trying to get some distance so he can grab a snack, and the humans trying to catch up.* GRAPHICS & ART - Ok, ok I had to say it. The graphics are among the best of any game.  Levels are interesting. Character designs are interesting. Monsters are VERY interesting.* INTUITIVE - So... the very-first game I played I wasn't useful (due to my framerate being about 2), but the first game that I was able to control, I was also able to contribute. The controls, weapons, and tools are very intuitive, and the details are covered in helpful (and gorgeously rendered) instructional videos prior to using each class for the first time. The result is a great ""easy-to-use, difficult-to-master"" dynamic for each class and tool-weapon.* ORIGINALITY - yeah its like Predator-Prey, if you ever played that as a kid. And while I'm sure someone sometime has made a digital multiplayer game out of it, its never been so high-profile with space technology and Cthulu monosters. Everyone else is doing L4D clones for their co-op multiplayer games, and I need to give Evolve props for really doing something new.* ADDICTIVE - Tons of fun and keeps you coming back.* AUDIENCE(?) - This is maybe less of a plus for the game as a plus for the people who play it, but... I haven't had any jerks sabotage the game or otherwise be total butts in alpha or beta. Maybe that will change for general-release, but I hope not.---- IS THERE ANYTHING BAD ABOUT IT? ----Yes, of course. Nothing is perfect.* THE CHASE - You end up spending a lot of time just running. At first this is kinda fun, but after awhile it gets monotonous. You will spend about 80% of your game time just running. While parkour-y jetpack running is fun, even that gets tiresome after a few games, and you end up craving the action more and more.* BEING THE MONSTER IS LONELY - while it seems like a great selling point (everybody fantasizes about being a huge powerful pseudo-god Cthulu monster, right?), its hard to feel good about all the other players ganging up on you, using their numerous abilities to slow you down and otherwise nerf your monster-powers to make you easier to kill. The result is that being the monster is frustrating and lonely, and I don't think I'm the only one who feels this way: In the games that I played, everybody set Monster as their least-favorite class, and so everybody eventually ended up playing Monster.* DAISY AND DETECTORS - There's one class who's job it is to find the monster and ""trap"" it so the other humans can injure it. One hunter is able to put up motion sensors, but they seem like they're one-time-use. Not terribly useful. Daisy is a little better (she's a dog-thing that tracks the monster's scent) especially due to her healing ability. However, she's really REALLY slow compared to the monster, and so the tactic of ""following daisy"" usually doesn't work out so well. And yet - you inevitably end up following the Hunter and their tracking method, because nobody else has an effective one.* 3RD PARTY DRM - I didn't have to sign up during alpha, but when I got closed beta access, I had to create an account in order to play. The account signup was very buggy, but with some persistence, was able to register. So far they've not sent me any ads or anything.* WILDLIFE - the animals and carnivorous plants in this game take away quite a bit from the enjoyment. Its hard enough to track the Monster long enough to catch him a few times before level3 without getting trapped by carnivorous plants, eaten by crocodiles, and otherwise interrupted by giant... things. I can't help but conclude that this game would have been better with strictly herbavorial wildlife for the monster to eat and to occasionally attract the attention of humans, but all the others kinda clutter up the experience. I can see that maybe they're trying to break up the tracking monotony, and perhaps it would have succeeded - if only for the fact that as soon as you have one of these encounters, all you want to do is get away because the monster is evolving! If fighting animals did more good than just a one-off powerup, maybe this game mechanic wouldn't feel quite as useless.*SINGLE PLAYER? - I am adding a question mark to this because I don't know if there will be a decent single player campaign or not. If there is, I will move this to the plus side. In the alpha there was no single player, but the beta had single player missions that acted as a tutorial and introduced each character, but didn't do much more. I am hoping that the final release will have a story mode in addition to the excellent multiplayer. The characters are too interesting for game-makers not to develop their backstory, and also: I want to know where the monsters came from! Its an opportunity for game-makers to enrich this new franchise, and I hope they don't pass it up.---- CONCLUSION ----The negatives are all rather-minor petty annoyances, vastly overshadowed by the incredible positives of this game. I highly recommend it.Thanks for reading!"
76561197998014410,Recommended,273350,14426614,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Big Meng,"what to expect from this game:the hunters:>jurassic park in space>clever girls>nature is scary>MAN OVER NATURE or hope is deadthe monster:>stage 1: [SCREEEEE in fear]>stage 2: [dat boody face]stage 3: [the dawn of the third day] HERE COMES THE MOOONin all, this game is fun for those who enjoy what will be a classic team game, accept good losses, and understand that joy in a game comes from the trip not the credits screen.negatives: DLC till your wallet bleeds.... just expect it"
76561198123029731,Not Recommended,273350,24651311,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,graham.froggatt1,"upset liked the single player action not their anymore if known they was going to make it free i would not have paid for it in the first place, was nice to play game on own multi player good to many idiots spoil it"
,Recommended,273350,12760067,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Leon Awesome,Seems dope.
76561198003880852,Recommended,273350,12760253,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,[TAG]Alblaka,"-ALPHA REVIEW-Let's be honest, this is much more of a PR gag then an actual Alpha. The gameplay is solid, bugs are rare and the only issues are performance (which stems from unoptimized code, which is fine and actually an Alpha-thing), matchmaking (as always) and a bit of missing content (which is planned for the release version, though).The core gameplay promises to be great, and is only hindered by the relative inexperience of most players (well, everyone is new as of now). A bad Monster will die right away, a single bad Hunter can screw up his team... It takes goodplayers to have good gameplay.Past those little faults the games looks rather promising... albeit the price tag of 60$ seems a bit overpriced to me and I'll probably look/wait for a deal first."
,Recommended,273350,12748522,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Gulhazard,The big alpha test was really fun i enjoyed the diffrent classes and the monster class.Its a lot of running and hunting the monster but the fullfillment when take down a lv 3 monster is great.Same for the moster nothing more fun than bashing the hunter around.Great game really enjoy cant wait to see what we will see longer down the road.
,Recommended,273350,12758953,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Paul Beenis,"Awesome game, even for alpha!Worth $70? Maybe 40-50 at the most."
76561198040577385,Recommended,273350,12758992,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Victozor,"Love this game, so fun."
,Not Recommended,273350,30209855,Posted: 26 February,all,the ultimate mineman,gets boring after a few hoursplay with your friendsjust kidding! we dont have any.i feel your pain.
76561198146241169,Recommended,273350,29489573,Posted: 25 January,all,George W.Bush,"around  6 months ago the game was enjoyablenow you have to wait 10 minutes to find a match before getting back to the searching for party screen because why not? and even if you manage to get in a game,you're going to get stuck in a wall for the rest of the game,get stuck in the dropship because your character is having explosive diarrhea and won't go and fight or if you are playing monster enjoy having your character model being stuck and just levitating around like a brick. the game went down just like the twin towers. 9/11"
,Not Recommended,273350,30133530,Posted: 23 February,all,Aleksandar,"Played the game few times, mostly played as the monster. Had like more then 10 win streak, then started to stumble upon teams that know what to do, and was almost impossible to win. Don't overall like the feel of the gameplay. If one of the hunters is afk / dosen't know what to do, it already ruins the gameplay for the whole team."
76561198073728743,Recommended,273350,22204832,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,chicofly,Evolve team  listened to my suggestions regarding the monsters Imagine my  surprise when I played last time
76561198010124797,Recommended,273350,12733910,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Duen,"If you like co-op, this is for you.If you like fps, this is for you.If you like smashing puny enemies into the dust! This is for you.This game got absolutely everything allready and it's only in alpha, hot damn this is gonna get hot!"
76561198079310563,Recommended,273350,14696058,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,SqueakingTurtle,Really good multiplayer game... great for lan party
,Recommended,273350,14697097,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Destro,"Amazing game, Good AI, Great for teamwork, four vs 1 and doesn't even feel like a handicapped match in the slightest. A+"
,Not Recommended,273350,21439418,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Crash,Boring ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t only 2 monsters for 3 wtf
,Not Recommended,273350,24305713,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Fry's 100th Cup of Coffee,"One of the worst games I've ever played, you spend the entire match chasing the monster then you find it and lose"
76561198345349652,Recommended,273350,29837074,Posted: 10 February,all,FNAF5FAN,you should play evolved its awsomeXD
76561197963441269,Not Recommended,273350,24242582,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,LorKeeva,"As a ""founder"" I'd rather have my money back!    The game has downgraded the graphics, the hunter perks instead of earning them are purchased with ""Keys"" and lastly the balance of the game has been tossed as everyone can dome the monster.Turtle Rock didn't learn their lesson from nickle and diming they just took it one step farther!"
,Not Recommended,273350,30090985,Posted: 21 February,all,fcheshir,Game won't start.   Won't get passed the logo screen and just shuts off.    Dissappointing
76561198101250096,Recommended,273350,24165502,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,CONAN,"this game is wikid sick but since this free to play update, do i get my money back ?????"
76561198058017629,Not Recommended,273350,26758235,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,iamretardid,Basically I've never felt as cheated with a video game purchase as I was with this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197973014470,Recommended,273350,12745630,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Robo Jones,"A rather decent game that requires you to grind in order to get perks and some of the classes and monsters are a bit imbalanced (especially the Kraken who in the hands of a good player can demolish the hunters even at lvl 1), also might suffer from longevity issues in the future unless the devs add interesting game modes and/or new hunters/monsters."
76561198036929845,Not Recommended,273350,24175906,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Terra Estrahl,"At the moment, I can't recommend this game. Cheaters who teleport around the map while their entire team is dead and they revive 2 of them while you can't even tell where they are. Yeah, it's not fun. When they fix this game I might come back."
,Recommended,273350,14453631,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Pranxter,"Let me sum up most of the reviews here: Most negative reviews are the dlc solution for this game. People feel robbed when a game has dlc at launch, altough most of the dlc are useless skin packs. Further they are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that a new monster is going to be released so soon after they bought the game, so they feel that pre-ordering this game was a mistake.Aside from that, they feel that the Kraken and the Wraith are pretty broken. Lots and lots of hatred towards the Wraith. Of course there are also a few game breaking glitches at launch.Now, positive is that the game is fun to play with friends and it's challenging for all participants. Most of the game runs smoothly and it's pretty (This is my opinion). The cat and mouse portion of the game is working and the evacuation game mode is very well made.Now my guess is that many people thought we were going to have a L4D type situation where the community crafts free awesome skins and they are implemented into the game. Instead we get ♥♥♥♥♥♥ skins which no one uses. That sucks.In my opinon the game still needs some balancing. Any lvl 1 monster is in fact able to take out a decent team, if the healer is down things go bad quickly. Wraith has a huge advantage with it's decoy and intense burst damage. And the Kraken is formidable when he focuses on his range attack. Goliath is not that much of a threath at first but he too can tear♥♥♥♥♥♥up fairly well if he is allowed to reach lvl 2 unharmed. Game is fun, but can be better."
,Recommended,273350,14427959,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Sandwrong,I can dig it.
76561198057070626,Recommended,273350,14430946,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Snoopysoul,I have to say this is such a good game.
76561198037847043,Not Recommended,273350,30201227,Posted: 26 February,all,Javensme,paid $60 for this game for it to die because of greed.  Now it's free to play because they are trying to revive what they ♥♥♥♥ed up
76561198037306509,Recommended,273350,31571613,Posted: 5 May,all,DESTRUCTICORE,"the game is gud, ppl play more pls, i liek it"
,Recommended,273350,18428974,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Lurkios,"Politics aside, it's fun."
76561198049844155,Recommended,273350,18434750,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Arkaronis,"Overall I think the game is great, Although I did see a few places that could use improvemnt, Hide has a strange mine type of thing, and the rest is as simple as increasing the effectivness of the weapons, even at level 30 single player the monster is still running off with the game at stage two or three. Graphcs speak for themselves there top notch, but auto leveling the tide of battle would help if it didnt seem that my gun was puffing air at a full on tank. Hope to see that in a patch!"
76561198069860734,Recommended,273350,15085716,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,cbtboss,"I am not usually one to write GAME reviews, but I feel pretty compelled to do so in this case.Let me start with a list ofPROS:There is something extremely satisfying about slurping up/ripping apart/ gorging/ *insert your favorite munch word here* everything you see.Looks fracking amazing.Fast paced gameplayNice variety of roles to play that cater to all kinds of play styles (there isnt a role that feels useless)Much more content than people give it credit for.Fairly gpu bound title which is awesome.Cons:Will not run smoothly (if at all) on your typical home machine that is running using intel HD graphicsIt actually uses all available vram on my r9 290 at max settings 1080p....I have had a few crashes to desktop (at the end of games so never messed with gameplay for me, but that only happened on day 1)The ""campaign mode"" is a short play through, but there are theoritically 800,000 different outcomes... but the only one that actually matters is the monster killed everything and stopped the Colonists from escaping his endless hunger. I beat it in about 49 minutes my first time as monster for all 5 rounds using all 3.This game has been subject to so much of the phrase: ""it is not worth the full retail price."" Is the campaign short? Yes.Is there a shortage of content?? It depends on how you classify that.  A night at the moives costs $20 for 1-2 hours. This is 60 bucks full retail. I have logged 14 hours in 6 days (embarassing I know lol). I haven't come close to unlocking all the characters yet (mostly because I really enjoy mind...screwing the hunters and ripping them to shreds in so many wonderful ways :DD) and I can play this game for as long as the servers support it. I have gorged this much on a title on 2 games before now: Shadow of Mordor and AC Black Flag was it worth the 44 bucks I spent? YES!! Would I buy again for 60? YES!! I just got lucky :)r9 290fx 8320 stock8gigs rammax settings."
76561198035019579,Recommended,273350,15181358,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,TheSouthernOcean,"This game is like ""The Great Gatsby."" You lust after the idea of what it could be, and not the flawed thing it actually is. It's a lesson worth paying to learn."
,Recommended,273350,15643411,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,kopelt07,"Evolve isn't as great as I thought it would be, but for trying to do something new, it's a pretty decent game. Below I'll go through the pros and cons, but ultimately I will upvote Evolve simply because it is something new and isn't all that bad in the final result. Will update review as I find/remember other things to review.- MAP SELECTION: There are a lot of different maps and many of them have different effects/buffs/debuffs that you can select for it (such as inclement weather, hostile wildlife, poisonous plants and so on; there are many)... If you really toy around with this, you can get a pretty fresh experience out of the same map. Additionally, All of the maps are actually different and aren't copy-paste jobs with minor changes. One of the most annoying things in multi-player games these days is a lack of different maps that cater to certain game modes, Evolve does not lack in this category at all, and will expand even more as additional content is released.- GAME MODES: For this idea, they implemented a satisfactory amount of game modes such as Hunt, Nest, Evacuation, Rescue, and Defend... Ultimately, the decisive way to win either of these game modes is to either kill the monster, or the monster kill all players. Once this is done, it doesn't matter how well you've been winning a specific game mode.... since you're dead... Other than this obvious likeness between all the game modes, they are all pretty different if you try to play the mode instead of just hunt-and-kill. I will go over the game modes farther down...- GRAPHICS: The graphics for this game are phenomenal and there are no noticeable glitches to me. The only issue I see is that the V-Sync is next to worthless and pretty much non-existent. I have a $2500 system (almost two years old value when purchased) that I take extremely good care of and keep optimized (IT professional here). My graphics card is an EVGA SC 980 and my processor is an Intel i7-4775k 3.5GHz w/ smart cache... See my profile if you want more specifics. Even with V-Sync turned on, while having a more than fantastic CPU and GPU, tears in the screen are frequent and very obvious. I can tell no difference with V-Sync turned off or on.... This needs to be fixed because I know it's not on my end. There are other games I play that are more graphically demanding (even having higher hardware recommendations) where the V-Sync works and I have no tears. So it's for sure the game.- WEAPONS: The weapons are freaking awesome IMO, and each hunter has his/her own unique weapons and abilities which helps keep it fresh just as long as you switch it up frequently.- HUNTERS: You have 16 different hunters, again I'll say all of them come with their own unique weapons, abilities and personalities. There is definitely no lack of variation here. Only issue is that it may take forever to unlock certain hunters and monsters, which can create grinding. And lets be honest, nobody honestly like grinding...- MONSTERS: The same goes for the monsters, only I can't help but wonder why we only have 4 different monsters, while all minions are always Goliath babies, when there are 16 different hunters... We can definitely tell that the priorities were 75/25 here... They need to put more monsters in here and make the minions/babies the same kind of monsters as the main monster in the specific game being played at the time is. Other than this, no complaints.GAME MODES:- In HUNT, you've got the basic one-and-only objective: The monster must kill all Hunters, and/or evolve to stage 3 and destroy the generator before being killed. If you're the hunters, then you just do the opposite: stay alive and kill the monster before it evolves to stage 3 and destroys the generator. This game mode is great as is, though the generator part is a little random in my opinion.- In RESCUE, there are a certain number of survivors throughout the map that you must find, and protect/escort to an evacuation point. You have to rescue a certain amount of survivors to win, and if you're the monster then you have to kill a certain amount to win... This amount is 5.... There are also multiple groups of survivors each round. This makes it to where it's really a game of chance, which is annoying. The other annoying part is that even though there are aboutr 20 survivors throughout the whole game, you only have to rescue or kill 5 in order to win.... This game mode idea is a great idea, but it really needs to be revamped to make it worthwhile. If they set it to where there is only one group of survivors per round, and make it to where you have to rescue a majority of the total of 20 in order to win (unless you kill the monster, or vise versa), then this game mode will be a lot better, it will make a lot more sense, and it'll be much more skill/tactics oriented. I've won this game mode by aimlessly wondering around and sometimes never even encountering the monster... In practicality, it will be a lame game mode until the revamp it AT LEAST in the ways I mentioned.In NEST, the monster has infested the specific map and there are 8 eggs throughout that are ready for hatching. The monster must protect and/or hatch all eggs while keeping the babies alive in order to win. Or must obviously kill all the hunters. It's pretty obvious what the hunters have to do. This game mode is cool and may be my favorite to play as Hunters in. The downside is that the monster can only hatch one egg at a time and the baby will roam around aimlessly which can make it easy bantha fodder; while the hunters have no limitations in regards to the eggs. The other downside is that all minions/monster babies are Goliaths..... even though you may be playing this game mode with the Kraken or another monster.... I didn't think the Kraken produced Goliath offspring... This is the same case no matter what monster... the minions are ALWAYS Goliaths, which to me is annoying and lazy on the development part..... If the egg limitations are removed for the monster, and if the minions actually reflect that of their parent species, then this game mode will be better and will also make more sense.In DEFEND, The hunters are defending a ship that's refueling to leave with refugees from a monster invasion. The monster is attacking with multiple minions per wave and the Hunters have to hold them off long enough for the ship to finish refueling and leave; or they obviously have to kill the big daddy monster. It's obvious what the monsters have to do. I don't really see much wrong with this game mode other than the previously mentioned minion annoyance, and you should have more customizable defense options...In EVACUATION, it is a prolongued mini-campaign mode that consists of all game modes played back to back. The winner is the best 3 out of 5.- DLC: The whole DLC thing for this game is utterly awful, terrible, and straight up pointless!!! The whole DLC shop, other than the season pass, is nothing but SKINS.... Yes, so you can the color of your monster or guns, and each pack is about 5 whopping dollars.... Really??? You think I want to spend another $5 dollars to just to change colors of♥♥♥♥♥♥? Uuummmm no.... that's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I will spend $5 on real content that actually effects the game, not these lame♥♥♥♥♥skin packs that the developers are spending way too much time on and milking customers with, when they could be making real money and time worthy content."
76561198139408649,Recommended,273350,15012968,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Ablutomaniac,Addictive Fun
,Recommended,273350,17893071,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,iEve 72.8 par Diogène de Sinope,"+Nice game with friends, deep gameplay, hard to master.Kind of a good competitive game.If u like to play alone, and you think other players are a borrow, then play the monster.If u like to play with people, play hunters (get ready to crash your head in walls sometime, people can be very stupid).-Prices, market etc.advice: take it for 15€."
76561197990933350,Recommended,273350,17894997,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Ith,"Game is fun, if you are into mindless FPS."
,Recommended,273350,18035495,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Braska,"This game certainly does not deserve all the negative reviews and comments. I mean 4v1 hunters versus big♥♥♥♥♥monster is a winning concept, if you ask me it delivers on everything you'd expect. Highly intense, role based, team oriented epic action... it's awesome!I bought it during the free weekend and I am obsessed. Got some friends that bought it as well, but I am mostly playing by myself and still enjoying every minute. Friends lost interest mostly because the queue times can vary a lot; sometimes bad and sometimes good.The DLC is absolutely not nessecary at all, anyone telling you anything else is plain wrong. DLC simply adds _different_ ways to play the game that are certainly not more overpowered.My suggestion, buy it! You wont regret it."
,Recommended,273350,18243289,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Ayaelle,"Very good game for every level of player.But if you're not someone who like challenge don't even think about playing the monster in Multiplayer mode without a minimum of practice.You'll like to hunt the beast or protecting your comrades in this very beautiful world.It's just like to be directly into an old jurassic park film.Tips : play it in the dark, with a headset and your friends to hunt down the beast. You'll enjoy the hunt like you never did."
76561198041200835,Recommended,273350,18860485,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Dain,PROS:-Fantastic graphics-Fun multiplayer gameplay-Easy to learn the gameCONS:-Multiplayer mathmaking may take a few minutes-lacks an engaging single player modeReally fun game. Requires a lot of teamwork to win. Although it could use a singleplayer story mode or something because there are not many players in multiplayer mode. If this game gets more popular and multiplayer matchmaking becomes quicker then
76561198170193359,Recommended,273350,19262173,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,AZ-LAAR,"I would recommend Evolve, but only if you have friends to play it with or the single player mode matches up with your preferences for a 1 on 4 or 1 and 3 teamates on 1 hunter, shooter scenario. good game, i enjoyed it. i would personally givethis game 4 stars out of 5"
76561198010280748,Recommended,273350,14418103,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,TheNakedAvenger,"First game/ lobby I played with after launch was amazing all 4 hunters talked and we had some good games. Now when I play it’s like I’m playing offline with bots, some even play worse than bots walking past downed teammates. Please use your mics and HUD."
76561198040918628,Recommended,273350,15444005,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,A ShAdOw Of DoUbT,"I will start by saying this game is not for everyone. However, if you feel like you will enjoy the 4v1 concept you will love this game. All i have played since release is Evolve. As far as I'm concerned, this game is fantastic."
,Recommended,273350,16207691,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Dan,Love the game best  game of the year to me woot woot.
76561198006443509,Recommended,273350,16181170,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,EnrontheGreat,"Don't know where the negative reviews are coming from, game is awesome, looks great, tons of replayability and strategy to keep you coming back for more.  Love it, and waiting for the next monster!"
76561197978734814,Recommended,273350,16637687,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Seedub,Got it for 29.99 during the Steam sale.  this game is awesome...people are just complaining about the price of the game plus DLC.  grabbed Behemoth for $1.54 after .087390 seconds of Googling it.  I'll do the same thing when I have the need to have more hunters in the game.
76561198124224500,Recommended,273350,15394049,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Bababooey,A lot of fun.
,Recommended,273350,16624657,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,St Harold,"Great game, unique from other shooters. Don't get caught up in pricing issues, the game is fun."
76561198121414848,Recommended,273350,17636666,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Olamide,"Its a great game, for the first 10-40 hours... but after that, it is repetitive...."
,Recommended,273350,15126728,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,ooko0,Evolve is a good game.  They are working to make the game more balanced every patch.  Bottom line is the game is intense all the time.  Action packed.  If you don't play your roll as a hunter the moster will eat your team.  So choose to play with skilled players like yourself and win.
,Recommended,273350,15131366,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,veggierider,I absolutely love this game. In my opinion it is better than COD. I love that the new maps are free so no community division.
,Recommended,273350,15131770,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,ForgivenSoul,"Take my Recommendation with a grain of salt.Gameplay is fun imo. It can get repetitive but each match could be different depending on whos playing what. and that gets a thumbs up from me. its fun playing each class or fighting the hunters as the monsters, The game it pretty balanced as well nothing seems overpowered as long as you know what their weaknesses are. A very good game and i love playing it.The only problem i have with this game is the damn DLC. Its a $60 game and that gets you 3 monsters and 3 hunters for each class.If you Buy the $25 season pass you get an extra 4 hunters (which the new hunters are $7.49 EACH) and 3 monster skins (which you cant buy in game but the other skin packs are $6.99 for the monsters and $4.99 for the hunters and the hunter skins ONLY CHANGE YOUR WEAPONS/PETS not your actual armor so it doesn't change anything noticable)and if you buy the PC Monster Race Edition for $100 (which i got on sale for $75) you get everything in the Season pass (all 4 hunters and those skins) the 5th playable monster which hasnt been announced, 2 of the T5 Hunters (havent said which but im assuming that they are going to be $7.49 each so if i have to buy the other 2 for $15 more) and you STILL have to buy the T4 monster (Behemoth) for $15 more if you didnt preorder the game.so for the Base $60 game if you want to unlock all the Hunter and Monsters thats 8 more hunters at $7.49 each (about $60 more) and 2 more Monsters at $14.99 each (another $30) meaning if you buy the base $60 game you have to spend an extra $90 to unlock all the hunters. So $150 totalfor the $80 version (the one with the Season pass) you save about $30 getting the 4 hunters and you get a few skins for some monsters. thats still $30 more for the other 4 hunters and $30 more for the other 2 monsters. So its $140 in total and you get about ""$8"" worth of skinsFor the $100 edition you get the 4 hunters ($30), 2 more hunters ($15) and the 5th monster ($15). thats $15 for the 2 other T5 hunters and $15 for the 4th monster so $30 more and a grand total of $130.Final Thoughts: DLC is getting out of hand. Not just here but with other games as well. But for a $60 game that you will have to pay another $90 to unlock 8 more Hunters and 2 monsters? and thats not to mention if they release any map packs that you have to buy (there is 2 free maps comming soon but still)TL;DR:$60 Edition = $150 to unlock all Hunters/Monsters (8 Hunters and 2 Monsters)  ($90 in DLC or $85 if you buy the Season pass and the other 4 hunters and 2 monsters)$80 Edition = $140 to unlock all Hunters/Monsters (4 Hunters and 2 Monsters) ($60 in DLC)$100 Edition = $130 to unlock all Hunters/Monsters (2 Hunters and 1 Monster) ($30 in DLC)Do I recommend this game? I'm not sure at the moment. The game is Fun but the fact i have to drop and extra $30 on a game I paid $75 for is just insane to me."
76561198062770040,Recommended,273350,15185380,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Keith29292,"I am a Mac user and I bought a gaming PC just for this game and so far I am very satisfiedThe DLCs are options, and does not affect gameply at ALL!An analogy of the negative reviews would be saying TF2 is a bad game because there are so many hats!this is completely ridiculous.If you think it is too expensive, wait for the price to drop and get the game to decide for yourself."
76561198183909174,Recommended,273350,15452239,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,nrg4814,This game is awsome.
76561198109711127,Recommended,273350,15464569,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,isAk,"I bought the  Evolve Pc monster race edition, and it said that i would get a fifth playeable monster, but there are only four!?Can somebody explain this to me?Ecept that its a cool game with really good graphics, so i would buy it if i was u!:DBut i bought it yesterday so i haven't played it so much."
76561198037966837,Recommended,273350,17932360,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,ToastyPug...,its an ok game
,Recommended,273350,14416633,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Polikwaptiwa,"So far I love it, minus being the monster was too easy, but that's why I play Medic, its super easy playing the monster in my opinion by comparison. But I only have 1 game as Monster under my belt so that might change"
,Not Recommended,273350,29428248,Posted: 22 January,all,Grizzly Man,"Why...why would the devs ditch this game?! 2k made this...the most promising game for it's genre...and just abandoned it as soon as they made it free to play. This is a rare case of the fault not being with the game, but rather with the developers.I was with this game from the beginning, and to see a developer team just quit on it out of nowhere...well it is just upsetting. They let an entire community down of some of the best players, and now it is barely worth the space on my disk.Great game...bad outcome. Blame the devs, not the product."
76561198105507937,Recommended,273350,16215911,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,MechsonPlays,"Great game!!!!!!!!!!!! One thing, really laggy!!!!!!! Someone help me get rid of lag. But otherwise, great game."
,Recommended,273350,29746027,Posted: 6 February,all,Muhammed Almarri,really nice game
76561197987149875,Recommended,273350,16652690,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Elemeno.,love it!wish they would make a left for dead in the graphics
76561198107220418,Recommended,273350,29473317,Posted: 24 January,all,Owl Lord Zurla,I loved this game! I would say it was nearly my number 1 favorite game. I was so sad when I figured out that they're quitting with developing it.
,Not Recommended,273350,24695124,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Freep,As much as i love this game they completely ruined the game play as monster.
76561198139227050,Recommended,273350,25500992,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,xXPeaceMongerXx,What the actual ♥♥♥♥ i spent money on this game for no reason then...
76561198061973784,Not Recommended,273350,30767466,Posted: 27 March,all,BIA_Kaboose,"Kinda pains me to not suggest this game, but they cancelled development, it's over, the fat lady has sung.This game was a lot of fun back before they made every hunter have the Trapper's original special ability. Before they made the game have a F2P model where the microtransactions got you actual stat improvements ages faster than just playing. Before they removed all the cool maps and removed weather effects for the sake of clarity for the hunters.Man I miss when this game was fun."
,Recommended,273350,14445931,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Odo ♕,I like it alot.
,Recommended,273350,14445810,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Airham Gouda,"Alright. Lets get this out of the way.IT HAS EXPENSIVE DLC. Yeah, it does because everyone else does and why not. I bought the DLC, not because I will use the skins, but because I love this game and wanted to help it grow and fund it.Lets talk abou the game itself now:It's different. In the short time I've played, the hunter side is fun. Yeah it's a FPS catching up on the jetpack eveywhere space that games are going now, but the combat is class based, and I think it does it right. If you are a medic, your job is not too snipe the monster in battle. Its too not die and heal the other people, otherwise your team will lose.If you're support, your job is too shield the group and support them. Trappers actually have to focus on keeping the monster from running away, which it can and will do. And if you're assult, deal damage like all hell is breaking loose.I dont see many games now a days that actually follow the class rules theyre given, but every game I've played with Evolve has kept to their class.And the monster class is EXTREMELY fun to play. If youre smart about it you can wipe out the entire hunter team without them even knowing. It's cool how they set this game up. Yeah their is one real game mode, but no game is the same, each battle is how the players make it.In short, yes the game has a single mode right now thats fun, and yes the DLC is extremely expensive.It is worth it to buy it, and if you want the DLC, you're helping fund the company to do more. So go for it.If you hate the singlarity of the game modes, think about it this way. On League Of Legends, there is one map people play THOUSANDS of times. You dont get tired of that because people play it differently each time, so dont get tired of this. You have as much work as making this game as anyone else, it just gives you the tools to play a really awesome game."
76561198009427530,Recommended,273350,30154033,Posted: 24 February,all,jony_silvas [PT],"Not a bad game but can be sumarized in the same experience every match - running after the monster and kill or be killed. The classes offer some variation in the experience, nothing significant"
,Recommended,273350,14427183,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,я|F /Offline,It's great M8.
,Not Recommended,273350,26249147,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Kul ' Tus,"So this is how it all ♥♥♥♥ing ends , in the most anty climactic end off all things. We are done says the turtlerock team as they deside that instead of ♥♥♥♥ing fixing this game with infinit potentianl they will just leave it and its small but dedicated comunity to rot . Almost no game has a small but xtremely dedicated community like evolve did and i dont think that the developers understood or ever will understand that. A huge shame to see such carelessness for a game with such amazing potential."
,Recommended,273350,14435488,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,johnomaz,"This game looked to have a lot of promise and turns out it does.  I've been very happy with the game so far.  Combat seems balanced though if you have a weak link in your team, the monster can destroy you.  Same if you have a bad monster, you can kill it pretty quick.I've gotten tired of the same ole deathmatch recipe and Evolve does a great job at changing things up.  Single player isn't bad either.  The AI does a good job on either side if you're looking to practice and hone your skills.My only wish is if hunters could get upgrades during gameplay too.  Yes, you can kill certain beasts and get a small buff, but once the monster hits level 3, its rather easy for the monster to kill the hunters.  Perhaps reward the hunter with small boosts to damage, speed, jetpack fuel for how much damage they do, using all their abilities during a match, etc.  Don't buff so much that fighting a level 3 monster feels like a level 1 monster, but enough that it doesn't feel like you're shooting blanks.I am not a fan of the shop page.  However, those are just cosmetic changes.  DLC when the game is released is shady.  However, DLC isn't required to play.  If it gives a person an advantage, its bad, but for now, its just cosmetic.  I do like that all future maps will be free and available to everyone.  Future characters and monsters will need to be purchased if you don't buy the season pass but you can still play the game with those expansion characters that other people are using if you didn't buy it.  I don't really mind this type of DLC model.  I used to be a COD fan and hated getting kicked from lobbies because I didn't own the expansion.Would definitely recommend anyone that enjoys FPS games.  It is a fresh feeling game, you don't have to get involved for long periods of time to play.  Have 20 minutes, play a match or two and thats it.  Want to play for hours straight, go right ahead.  DLC is a part of gaming life and I don't feel DLC is as bad in this game as it has been in others.  Don't like DLC, don't buy the DLC.  In this game, you won't be left out of lobbies because of it."
,Recommended,273350,12734788,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,[FTB]Zarlock,"Very good game. Nice graphics and concept. Being a monster si challenging because 4 people searching for you while you need to farm up and cant fight back keeps you under preassure. But when you are ready to fight back, the most fun starts as hunted becomes the hunter."
76561198081355588,Recommended,273350,12737619,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Arya,This is a great game. Its kind of like cat and mouse except the cats are tiny people and the mice are HUGE monsters.
,Recommended,273350,12738356,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Oxedius,"Awesome game i played with my friends for hours. The strategie take an important place in the game, hunting the creature non-stop otherwise it will evolve and get stronger and stronger. Many different characters with many abilities that make every combinaison different. You can get a trapper with a dog the can chase the beast for you when the dog get the smell of the beast or you can rely on your support to take Bucket : a robot that can unattached his head to scan the map but then you'll loose the protection gun from another support ccharacter. Really fun i recommend this game to everyone who loves cooperative or / and competitive games."
,Recommended,273350,14434815,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,☜☠☞BABY☜☠☞,awsome game^^ i love it
,Recommended,273350,12751766,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Rose Collie,"Here is my opinion in list format.What I like:- Beautiful graphics and animation (if you have the right video card)- Leveling up basic characters to unlock more advanced characters- Choosing (and unlocking) perks to fit your style of playWhat I think needs to improve:- Make the game more accessible to new players (i.e. have a practice mode against AI opponents)- Let people choose to be the Monster if they're in a party (even if that means not getting EXP)- Add a Match History so I can see whom I've played with to potentially add them to my Steam friends list.- Nerf the Kraken- Increase replayability (adding more monsters, maps, and modes will take care of that)"
,Recommended,273350,12737632,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,migeeto,"This game.THIS FREAKING GAME.This review gets a bit long, so TL;DR at the bottomI adore this game. Honestly, even though it's in an alpha state it is currently my game of the year. Where do I even begin? You play as either one of 4 hunters or a big beastie monster (Working Title). Your goal (As the hunters) is to kill the big beastie monster. If you happen to be said big beastie monster, you have to kill the hunters (Or evolve and destroy a big power thing or whatever).I can't even put into words how great this game is. It takes FPS's (Which are traditionally mindless point and shooters) and refines it, transforms it, and twists it. It has really great shooting, but relies more on tactics and strategy. Those guns aren't gonna do much against the big beastie monster, so you better make sure you can hit it a lot. Trap it! Limit its mobility! Drop an orbital bombardment on its head!If you want to play this as a ""Traditional"" FPS cause you love Call of Duty and Battlefield, prepare to be disappointed. If you're looking for something smarter, meaner, tenser, play this game. Play this goddamn game and love every minute of it. They rush of being hunted or hunting is undescribable. The adrenaline as you think you've escaped the hunters, but only barely? Heart pounding. I had to take a break after playing as the big beastie monster, simply becasue my heart was beating way too hard. Simply great. And it'll only get better!TL;DR : This game is great if you enjoy strategy over blind run and gun. And Holy Hell is it fun.BUY IT.BUY IT NOW.THE END"
,Recommended,273350,12738335,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,ириска,"Amazingly fun!It was shown to me by a friend and I had really only planned to mess around in the alpha in the event I got a key. I honestly didn't think I would like it as much as I do and will most likely buy it when it comes out in February.There are a few issues with monster balance and matchmaking balance that I'm hoping will be fixed when the game goes live. I like the variety of hunters and the system in which you unlock new characters and skins. New classes are very easy to pick up and the short tutorial on each class the first time you play through was really helpful to my friends who hadn't watched streams or played before.The only issues I've really run into so far that have made the game less enjoyable were the following:- Matchmaking put my level 1 friend, a couple of level 7ish randoms, and myself as level 9 against a level 24 monster player with the Kraken unlocked. Very unfortunate for us, even though it wasn't a total stomp. The same has happened in reverse and we ended up feeling really bad for the lowbies.- People leaving the lobby RIGHT BEFORE a game starts and ending up with bots that either run in and get killed or get stuck on rocks for 30 seconds. This would happen to us and if we were lucky enough to get a new player in, half the time they just bailed if our team was in a fight and looked like we might lose.-Matchmaking (currently) breaks if you have a party of 4 and one of them has random role selection. We waited at least 15 minutes at one point because of it. As soon as we picked favoured roles, we got a 5th and were in a game in less than 30 seconds. Just be aware of this for now and I'm sure it'll get fixed at launch.Other than that, it was only slightly irritating things like REALLY SLOW climbing when out of fuel or your fellow hunters glitching about when you're trying to revive them. I'm really excited to see what the live version will be like! I've been having a total blast so far!"
76561198028719473,Recommended,273350,14418013,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,God of the Sky (♅),OVER THE TOP BEST MONSTER HUNTER GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED.
76561198059435622,Recommended,273350,12753435,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Razcall,"Outstanding, breathtaking, as much on the visual/audio quality than on the meta.Balanced, smart and deeply designed to the very small detailsA big thumb UP for Turtle Rock team and 2KOnly fear: lack of solo/game mode/content  3 monster 8 hunter..."
76561198054586568,Recommended,273350,12768103,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,[TSIPI] tso90,Great game really enjoyable with friends will be amazing as a finished game!
,Recommended,273350,12738578,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Absolute_White,I was born in 1985... i have played some games... this is the single greatest game i have played in years. fix the servers lag and i will play this for years.. good job dudes.
,Recommended,273350,12740239,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,AkibaKing,After only playing the alpha I absolutely love this game. If the humans play smart and work together to trap and control the monster hes done but at the same time the monster has enough tricks to save himself from the fight and escape to evolve becoming a nearly unstoppable threat. The graphics are beautiful atmosphere is great. I have never had so much fun being outnumbered. Even my losses as the monster are satisfying as its easy to see where you messed up and what you did wrong.
76561198010150058,Recommended,273350,12750950,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Achilles Tendencies,"Just exploded the crap out of Goliath while running around as Scruffy the Janitor, believe the hype. ‪#‎biggestboss‬"
76561198006478727,Recommended,273350,14414134,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,^{PaPaSmUrF}^,"Everyone is making a big fuss over the price of the game & the dlc ..... well just don't buy it until it goes down in price!!! If you're not that horny to play!! I suck at both sides for now lol as the game just came out, but overall 10/10 ;-) well worth the $$"
76561198008564368,Recommended,273350,14429586,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Kalos,"Very fun game, not as repetitive as you'd think.  Most of the reviews are targeting the DLC, but seem to be confused about what they're looking at.  90% of it is just reskins or pallet swap cash grabs.  Stupid, but not really worth the big stink.  Some planned characters/monsters, but you'll still be able to play with other players using them.  All new maps are free, so you'll never get split from playing with friends if somebody does or doesn't have DLC.(still get to fight DLC monsters/hunters)The game shipped with 3 monsters, 4 classes with 3 hunters each(12 hunters total), and I believe 12 or 13 maps.  Using your skills & general actions while playing levels you up & unlocks new abilities/characters.  Matchfinder doesn't let you pick a set class, but will let you set preferences for it to work around. eg Monster > Assault > Trapper > Support > Medic.  There's a ranking system, w/l, etc.Balance is actually much better than I thought it would be.  All monsters have much better mobility than hunters, but hunters can lock them in a decent sized dome for what feels like a good minute.Monster: Die once & you lose.Eating generic wild life buffs your shields & eventually allows you to evolve.  Certain animals will give you buffs if you eat them, and ""poisoned"" animals will debuff you.(something I found I could do as Val)Rank 1: You start out very weak at this rank, but get a slight headstart.  If the hunters catch you they will put a huge dent in your health which does not naturally regen.  You generally either run as far as possible or sneak/hide & start eating animals while hunters search for you.Rank 2: You're about an even match for hunters here.  Getting caught with your shields up can be just as damaging to them as it is to you, but you can still easily fall behind or dies if you're careless.  This stage the monster will either start attacking or continue sneaking around, depending on how good the hunters are.Rank 3: If you have full shields and a buff you can wreak havoc on the hunters, very slim chance of death.  If you were damaged in earlier stages, have no shields, or play against extremely skilled hunters it can still be a challenge.  At this point your goal is usually to kill the hunters or finish another mission objective.Hunter: Incapacitated 3 times & you're dead.You start out stronger than the monster as a group, but spawn in later.  Your goal is to track down the monster and kill it.  You can do this in a full group or split up into smaller groups to catch them faster, or even go solo if you think the monster is that bad.Monster rank 1: Very low risk when tracking him down.  Even if he catches you solo you can hold your own for a few seconds.  The only time you'll get in trouble is if you stumble on the monster or other wild animal with low jetpack power.  There's also certan wildlife that can incapacitate you without a teammate nearby to save you.Monster rank 2: Groups of 2 can be beaten by the monster easily if backup doesn't show up quick, especially if he uses a sneak attack.  Healing and shields play a much bigger role at this point.Monster rank 3: You have a choice of either trying to rush the monster or taking a defensive stance.  If you choose defensive he will probably come at you with full shields and buffs.  If you choose offensive he may beat you to another mission objective, or you might get the jump on him while he's eating.Overall a very fun team game, and still good for players who like to go solo as monster."
76561198054678777,Recommended,273350,14429977,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Matrix4Kids,Very fun
76561198119101983,Recommended,273350,12742216,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,jannetsplaytime,great game
76561198022697545,Recommended,273350,12752457,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Dieter Von Cunth,Very fun game but I have to agree with some other reviewers and say that the maps are a little bit too small. You basically end up going in circles around the map.It's fantastic for an alpha. I don't expcect everything to be polished. But I really do hope map sizes will be increased as well as the type of maps. Would be cool to have winter/autumn/summer type maps for different camouflage effects.
76561198085983016,Recommended,273350,12769557,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Horkerkiin,"LETS CLEAR SOME THINGS UPPEOPLE CAN NOT READ AND JUMP TO CONCLUSIONS - IF YOU ARE READING A REVIEW FROM SOMONE WHO ONLY TOOK PART IN BETA OR ALPHA PLEASE IGNORE ITDLC - TURTLE ROCK STUDIOS (TRS) HAVE SAID SINCE THE BEGGINING EVOLVE WILL LAUNCH WITH 12 HUNTERS AND 3 MONSTERS - MAPS WILL BE RELEASED FOR FREE SO YOU CAN ALWAYS PLAY WITH PEOPLE - ANY FUTURE HUNTERS AND MONSTERS RELEASED YOU ***DO NOT*** HAVE TO BUY THEM BUT YOU WILL STILL BE ABLE TO PLAY WITH SOMONE WHO HAS THEM - YOU ARE NOT BEING CHEATED OUT OF ANYTHING HOW HARD IS THIS TO UNDERSTAND!? THERE IS NO DAY 1 DLC YOU HAVE BEEN CHEATED OUT OF ""BUT THEY PLANNED BEHOMOTH IN ADVANCE"" USE YOUR BRAIN, THEY HAD TO! DUE TO HOW PUBLISHING WORKS STORES WHTHER IT BE STEAM OR YOUR LOCAL GAME STORE WHAT SOMETHING TO INCENTAVIZE PRE ORDERS - IM NOT THE SMARTES PERSON BY ANY MEANS BUT REALLY THIS MIS INFORMATION ABOUT DLC LITERALLY MAKES ME CRY INSIDERight, now that DLC is cleared up. The price, Look at Battlefield or CoD they are pretty much MP only games (I mean really who plays them for the SP) those are games that segregate communities through map packs and yet people play hundreds of hours as them. Evolve is the same, each round will be diffrent it chages each time all the characters have a diffrent playstyle so there is always something diffrent to do. Honestly people who only played the Alpha/Beta are saying its not worth the price but they DID NOT play the full game. I swear to god people have forgotten what an Alpha and Beta are.Evolve is an awesomley fun game that changes each time. It IS worth the price."
76561198057486998,Recommended,273350,14413817,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,C0RK13S,"alright so ive played this game in alpha beta and now on release and i can honestly say after reading the 200+ negative reviews about launch issues and lobby sitting that you are just impatient as hell. i did not have a single issue with launch and i did not pre download it so im not even entirely sure why you would unless your computer cant handle the game or your internet cant handle it, either way not a game problem and not cause for a negative review, just someone QQing ^.^For those of you who rate it negative bc dlc is a buy and you feel scammed, well that sucks for you you idiots because they have been 100% open and honest about how dlc would work since the alpha so again negative reviews simply because of someones stupiditythe game is reptative i admit, but its fun, and having logged 20+ hours between release alpha and beta i can honestly say im happy with the final product.is it perfect? no i didnt expect it to be and if you did tough♥♥♥♥♥♥son no game is so quit playing games entirely the community doesnt want someone like you to ♥♥♥♥♥ 24/7if you are a decent minded person and actually willing to work with people then this game can be hours of fun and should be as long as you arent either A. an idiot as described before or B. a retard who complains about something they already knew but got the game anyway"
76561198004009880,Recommended,273350,12742537,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Raijimura,Probably the most fun I've had in a game in a log time.
,Recommended,273350,12746299,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Bread and Bucky,"You get to be a huge♥♥♥♥♥monster, then you get to be a huger♥♥♥♥♥monster.  Then you realise that most people can't actually work as a team so you don't need to bother evolving and can kill them at stage 1.On the other side, you get to hunt a huge♥♥♥♥♥monster, then you get hunted by a huger♥♥♥♥♥monster.  If you can't coordinate as a team there is no hope.All in all, pretty fun game.  It's important to remember that although the lack of content may make the game feel stale after a while, the finished product will have more modes and playable characters that are (hopefully) just as fun as Hunt is at the start. I look forward to the finished product and even huger assier monsters."
76561197960353641,Recommended,273350,12736751,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,ФmichФ,"Played ALL Day Saturday during the big Alpha.I have o say, game is a lot of fun!  I really enjoy it, i preorderd it!There are some bugs and in general the game is mildly clunkly, but it is a lot better than many other alphas ive tried.More options the better guys, the game mode you featured could get old after awhile."
76561198233991472,Not Recommended,273350,17922558,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Beast234,"Would be a great game-IF I COULD PLAY IT! The game (for me) is way too laggy to ever play, even on the tutorial. I regret even thinking of buying this game. For those of you looking to buy, consider that you might waste money, but dont be discouraged by this. This is only to warn."
76561198114900506,Not Recommended,273350,29430255,Posted: 22 January,all,Zniklorten,♥♥♥♥ this game i payed 500 kr for it and now its free to play kill me
76561198074494755,Recommended,273350,14582882,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Hom Tolland,This game is so much fun!!!Especially with friends. Considering the fact that you get to murder your friends.
76561198151788079,Recommended,273350,14712811,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Matt,best game ever periodall the hater can suck on obama shiny noggin
76561198168323890,Not Recommended,273350,25552648,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Excalibur_Ruler,fk this ♥♥♥♥ i buy this game like 200 now it free
,Not Recommended,273350,30210060,Posted: 26 February,all,Super Toaster,There was a glitch in the tutorial.TUTORIAL
76561198085145517,Recommended,273350,19975428,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Dead Man Dan,"Hank'd 3: the Hankenning.when Hank BOT gets elite cooldown reduction, no-one is safe."
,Recommended,273350,19968958,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,BozoTheUnicorn,"Love the game, this game is actually a fun game to play with your friends just go for it don't think too much when it's still on sale"
,Recommended,273350,19963202,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,LLAMA,I started out playing this game on PS4 and loved it. Yes i diddnt agree with the costs of the season passes back when they were new and the initial glitches they took them forever to fix. this is an amazing game! i wish there were more of a community for it and less bad reviews. all the bad reviews made people shy away from this game. PEOPLE PLAY THIS GAME FOR YOUR SELF. dont liten to some baddies poor review.
,Not Recommended,273350,24516320,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Mr. amckern,Sure the game has players but founds got poked in the♥♥♥♥♥ and told here have some keysOnly 4 maps
,Recommended,273350,12758589,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,HuffleWuffle,"Games fun, but it gets a bit boring playing after a while unless you have a good team with mics and strats. If you have that I can see the game as really enjoyable."
76561197999365679,Recommended,273350,24948006,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,C3-P0,https://discord.gg/Syc6rX6
,Not Recommended,273350,24606735,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,"ThePyroDino™, Plague Doctor",Stage 2 removed the awesome stealth and chase based gameplay that the origional game had.
76561198052153584,Recommended,273350,14422071,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Spess marine Rune,"great game its like hide and seek only the hider can become tired of hiding and murder the seekersthere are still some major bugs in it but is fairly stabel if you got a decent pc only sad thing is DLC,s really 2K tats just sad"
,Recommended,273350,14422852,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Its_Spin,"Played a little Alpha and got hooked during beta, I dont know why people are complaining about cosmetic DLC's.. doesnt league of legends sell skins for real money as well? How is this different?The game is fun, dlc or not."
,Recommended,273350,16144349,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Adolf Hitler,Very fun and addicting
,Not Recommended,273350,31533352,Posted: 3 May,all,OhWow Wilson,"Give me my $60 back, scumbags!"
76561197960648149,Recommended,273350,14583189,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Taku ♪~,"Playtime: two hours.  Might still be in the honey moon phase, but I'm really enjoying this game.  You have to shake the notions you've become accostumed to in, say L4D, where you have to stick together.  Really, at the start of a match the monster is more analgous to the L4D survivors than the hunters are.I suggest really, really knowing how to be present in the game world as the monster.  You leave tracks if you run, but not if you sneak.  Hunters can hear you (actually hear you, not they get an HUD display necessarily) to get vague position, so even if you aren't setting off alerts, if you're being noisy, they'll find you.  More than once I've managed to hide and have the hunters walk within 20 feet of me, then turn around.  Don't be hasty, and think ahead.  Know what your abilties do, whether hunter or monster, and be smart.The game doesn't play itself.EDIT:After playing the game some more, I can confidently say this game joins Strike Vector and Titanfall on the list of the most fantastic games that are going to fail.  Here is why.Simply put, the complete reliance on matchmaking nullifies the possibility of ad hoc gaming communities.  I'd have never played TF2 for as long as I did if I hadn't found a server with a great community.  L4D/2 had a similar problem, but I had a great number of friends who played it, so it was a non-issue.  Evolve scared away a number of people with the DLC non-sense (which, it turns out, really amounted to nothing more than speeding your character through normal progression-based unlocks and exclusive-but-mediocre monster skins), but in my opinion it is *at least* as much fun as L4D, and plenty more if you draw in friends with you.Let's talk about the biggest problem, though.  The gameplay is severely asymmetrical.  This is fine, though.  Hell, I applaud it.  However, that means there is a lot of pressure to perform as the monster.  In addition, the monster role is not something that a lot of people are going to pick up on the sublties of right away, and that's just the nature of gaming.  That, combined with what I'm not going to start referring to as a sin: leaving a player with no one to talk to.  Yes.  Granted, a monster that is doing poorly never gets taunted or teased or verbally abused, but without a method to converse with your opponents, you'll never get that random person that offers advice and makes your play experience better.  You'll never be able to celebrate a victory or play off a defeat.  As much as I like it, even at the end of an evacuation campaign, the ""winner"" is fairly ambiguous.  In the context of a larger mythos, this would be intriguing, but as it is it just leaves one uncertain about how to feel in the end.  At the end of each match, I feel either bad because I got roflstomped or guilty because I did the roflstomping.  I feel like being able to communicate during the match would do more to ease such things than it would to scare people away.In the end, I *do* still recommend it.  If you had a cadre of friends who played L4D/2, and they are interested in Evolve, I'd say go for it.  Right now.  If the mechanics appeal to you, then you'll be playing it together often.  If you're just interested in the game but 60$ seems a bit steep... you're not wrong.  I can safely recommend a purchase to individuals interested in asymmetrical gameplay who are willing to go it alone and able to learn as they go.  For everyone else, unable or unwilling to fight against the current a bit, I'd suggest picking it up on sale.  Mechanically, the game is absolutely worth playing, though whether it will hold your attention for an extended period of time... that I don't know.  If my experience here is anything like my experience with Titanfall, my win/loss ratio will begin to approach 1 and I'll get bored with it.  Though, to be fair, even the last match of evacuation I played where I was rofl-stomping the hunters, they did manage to pull it out in the end thanks to the auto-balancing.  And, again, to its credit, I've found the community to be neutral to friendly, if a little on the quiet side.It is, verily, a flawed game.  Intended for AAA, I think it will find itself more niche.  The real tragedy, then, is if you never pick up the game when it is right up your alley."
76561198015888489,Not Recommended,273350,24236743,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Kronix,"Give me back my money, thiefs!"
,Recommended,273350,30212037,Posted: 26 February,all,ThatsGregBuddy,"Evolve is a coop game where a team of 4 people go against a team of 1 person in a 4v1 but the 4 man team are just hunters which are humans (or robots) but just much weaker than the 1 man team who is a powerful monster who starts weak but grows stronger by evolving after eating wildlife, overall this game is extremely fun and great to play with friends. Highly reccomend! :D"
76561198260277627,Not Recommended,273350,29994959,Posted: 17 February,all,SpookyPumpkingThing,THIS GAME HAS ♥♥♥♥ING GANKERS WHO WILL ♥♥♥♥ING TRACK YOU DOWN AND NOT GIVE A SINGLE♥♥♥♥♥♥AND THE MATCH MAKING IS UNFAIR TOO AS YOU GET PLACED UP WITH PLAYER AT VERY HIGH LEVELS.
,Recommended,273350,24922872,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,OxNEOxO,It went free2play.
,Not Recommended,273350,30235136,Posted: 27 February,all,ProxyJames,"After playing a few rounds I found the game lacking in every area, when you play as the monster you share a spawn point with the hunters so from second one you have to haul♥♥♥♥♥and the hunters will be on you every second, also the monster is very easy to track as a hunter taking away from the stalking of the creature part of the game, the hunters (reguardless of class) feel lacking in everything they can do, I would have much prefered it to be a somewhat slower pace and have the monster have a VAST advantage over any single hunter but beaing the way it is each class can take a pretty big beating, and none of the classes funtion as they should, as assault its your role is damage dealer/tank but as you are slowler than other classes you will never make it to the fight first and even then 90% of the time the monster will ignore you and go stright for anyone else, as trapper you track the monster and use your harpoon to pin the monster BUT the monster can quickly turn and pull out the harpoon, support buffs others damage and gives them shields so thats something, and healer heals but the problem with this is the monster can counter the tank and tracker and go stright for the support and healer, after there down its somewhat up in the air on who to kill next IF the monster is able to kill anyone, if the healer and support do there job well enough the monster wont be able to bring anyone down, as i said before the monster needs a vast advantage, maybe some crow control and maybe change the foot prints they leave, only leaving prints on soft meterals (mud, dirt and sand) and leave none over rock, metal or water. but its still contered because the traper can ping the monster. overall the game just falls apart due to the fact nothing works as it should."
76561198086193500,Recommended,273350,24567352,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,JesseJames,"Very unique asymettrical gameplay.They made a good move turning to a F2P model, a lot of good improvements.And for those saying that they miss the evacuation mode... it was kinda stupid anyways."
,Recommended,273350,31568066,Posted: 5 May,all,XDeath13,"Amazing game, I hope the creators can make some kind of sequel or something off of this and learn from past mistakes, making it a game you can buy but for monsters and hunters and skins keep the system for that from stage 2Please turtle rock bring Evolve back, I will be the first one to grab it. ALSO make a single player mode, maybe like a free roam with a campaign with some like super awesome hunters fammed for being able to take on monsters single handedly and then another option for a monster campaign to show the inner workings on what they are and what their goals are, I believe if that was created it would turn EVERYONES heads about this game"
,Not Recommended,273350,29512483,Posted: 26 January,all,Demon_Child84,You must have internet to play.Bought it for deployment you must load their site to play
,Not Recommended,273350,29932204,Posted: 14 February,all,Memeocrisy,The next generation of running simulators.
,Recommended,273350,14419718,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Hombr,"I've had an absolute blast playing Evolve in the first 5Hours. And i found that playing as the hunters is even more fun than playing as the monster which everybody wanted to play as in the beginning.As for the DLC, i think that a lot of people are overreacting. The Day1DLC is only cosmetic, artists dont have anything to do towards the end of the gamedevelopement anyway so why not have them work on skins. Im honestly ansolutely amazed at how many people just downright refuse to play the game because of this.And yes they will release actual gameplay impacting DLC in the future but you dont need that. The game is Epic enough without it.However the one thing i do not know yet is, if the game will still be interesting if you've put 50, 100 or a thousand hours into it. But this Game will amaze you and is fun to play as the monster and as the hunters."
,Recommended,273350,12733362,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Pandemon1c,"Fun asymmetrical shooter. 4v1 humans vs monster. Seemingly rather simple but with competent players the challenge is real, and enjoyable. Reminiscent of L4D, but with shorter matches. The only problem is I don't think it should be a $60 game, I'm thinking $40 tops and I will wait for it to be cheaper even."
,Recommended,273350,14423293,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Arson,"I played Evolve during the beta, and enjoyed the game immensely. Enough for me to drop money on the largest package. The game was stable, the gameplay was fun, and I wasn't turned off by the pricing model like a lot of others.Giving you a review from someone that actually OWNS the game (which I think should be a requirement) I can say that Evolve has launched without any server issues, a stable client, and the same gameplay I enjoyed during beta. I guess I've grown accustomed to pricing models that include a la carte costmetic items.NOTHING in Evolve, aside from pre-order bonuses or cosmetic skins, cannot be simply unlocked through several hours of gameplay. There is a LOT of arm-flailing about how the DLC is sold for this game, and I think much of it is completely unwarranted. A good bit of it is simply untrue. There is nothing at launch that DLC or pre-order owners get that is beyond cosmetic. DLC owners have pre-purchased in advance unreleased monsters and hunters that will come down the line. Otherwise, players will need to buy those new hunters or monsters through the in-game store.If you buy the base game and nothing else you'll have access to 3 monsters, 12 hunters, and plenty of gameplay to keep you entertained. The beta included only the skirmish mode, which was a single-map experience of monsters vs hunters. The real meat of the game is in Evacuation mode, where you'll play 5 different maps each with 5 different play-modes.All in all it's a shame that the marketing and pricing model will harm Evolve, because Turtle Rock Studios put a lot of love into the game with a concept built upon the success of Left 4 Dead."
76561198029021194,Recommended,273350,14424639,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,FizzyPop71,"With any game that offers DLC, there will always be people that think they deserve it free because they want it, nevermind the extra effort put into making the DLC. This game is no different.From the start they said it was going to be 12 Hunters (3 of each class) and 3 monsters. Later in developement they decided ""Hey wouldn't it be cool if we had more characters and monsters to play as?"", so they started working in them. The game is very playable, and even enjoyable without the DLC. Very much worth the $60 for the game and I would gladly pay more for DLC as well."
,Recommended,273350,14492536,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Aedaric,"Whether you're playing with a group of friends or not in a group of a hunters or alone as the Monster, you can certainly spend many hours of entertainment in Evolve.  The In-Game Steam overlay is the ""cursor bug"" that is discussed and as such, is technically a third party issue, but as it is a ""integrated"" release, it is a little annoying after the beta's and alphas.  But alas, bugs creep in and always will!That said, I'm sure a patch will come out fixing it.  On to the gameplay, your classes on the hunters will take time to learn and yes, you will play with people who are incompetent or new, but the game was recently released and there are people who are always purchasing the game at later times.  Get over it.  Not everyone will always be as pro as you.  If you want to be a pro, get friends.  If you can't find three people as professional as you to go stomp a monster then don't complain about it on the forums.Now if you're willing to cooperate and work with new people, the in-game VOIP is great.  COMMUNICATE!  Talk to your teammates.  Surprisingly people will work together!  And guess what, many times they'll get better!As for the monsters, guess what, there is an amazing solo option so you can go stomp the computer a bunch to figure out how to play the monster before trying your skills against players.  Then you can see how bad you really are and then learn to get better there as well...or not.  *grin*There is always twitch as well.  A great many of us like to stream what we're doing and will gladly offer advice about how to improve gameplay with specific monsters and or hunters.DLC isn't going away--quit bit**ing about it.  If you can't afford it right now, wait for a Steam sale.  That's what I do.  Sorry, = ("
,Recommended,273350,14419708,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Hbfv,"Who cares if the game has DLC, does it affect gameplay? No you don't have to buy them and you gain no advantage.The game may be a little pricey but I thoroughly enjoy the game and would reccommend this to anyone who wants to try something new. :)"
,Recommended,273350,14415237,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Morpheus,"*Edited for f2p update*Everyone cries that the games needs to be f2p~game goes f2pEveryone is crying again because its f2p and forgets it's in the process of transitioning still. ie Evolve Stage 2 PC BETADon't listen to the bandwagon haters using strawman arguments whilist they have 50+ hours played. Play it for yourself and make YOUR own decision about it.As an original owner of the PC Monster Race edition and 200+ hours played go ahead and assume I'm biased.Just try the game out. I thoughly enjoyed this game since release. The original pay model is what really ♥♥♥♥ed the vanilla game of this and caused a snowball effect of people being turned away cause someone thought mainly advertising DLC was how you market a game.The only thing it cost to play is your time, and 18gbs of space. Please remember this a beta while Turtle Rock Studios iron things out for their complete transition to f2p for pc and consoles."
,Recommended,273350,14417845,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Sombiez*,"This game is really fun and I actually didnt expect that.Great things about this game is that you can control both monster and hunter.Also to me, it is a quite chanllenging game while you have to complete objective and understand the abilities of different classes.Guides and objectives in game are really clear and easy to understand, the UI is really friendly.10/10"
,Recommended,273350,12781311,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,V,"In the very start of the round me as Goliaph was hiding in the bushes. I had no armor ofc. If they'll trap me now, there's no way I can hide from them or fight them. Three guys quickly passed near without noticing me and jumped to the next cliff. I was like OMG IMMA INVISIBLE, but suddenly trapper and her stupid dog stopped just couple of meters away from my bush. I was waiting for around 2-3 long seconds. For some reason she ain't just wanted to go further. Atmosphere became too tense. Daisy could've go and scout for me. Damn, just go the hell away! Catch up with your team!I became paranoid. What if this one has a good ears and can hear me breathing?♥♥♥♥♥♥ she definetly knows I'm somewhere here. I gotta strike first, quick stealth attack on this trapper before she deployed her killbox. All I need to do is to break this tough ladie's neck faster than her overextended slowpoke friends would be there to help her. Just some ten or fifteen quick seconds, and then run the hell out for of here to have a free 2min long dinner. I pressed LMB, monster strained his muscules getting ready to chew her face off.And the moment before my arm reached hunter's body this lucky sonofa just flown the hell away. FFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUU. I started to run in opposite direction but it seems like they didn't noticed me. I won dat round, but this moment totally made my day. Game is 100% epic."
76561198119023479,Recommended,273350,14470955,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Captain K'nuckles,The only real problem with this game is the unholy amount of DLC. 2K just succesfully ruined teh chances of Evolve being a big gmae because they are greedy. It's really sad. I would recommend getting this game but you should wait for the price to drop before you do.
,Recommended,273350,14496947,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Bobbedoes,"I see so many people hating on the game because of DLC, get over yourselves, the DLC aren't needed to play the full game, and if the skins are too expensive in your opinion, just don't buy them.From my experience the game is really great, it's especially fun when you're playing together with friends as a hunter, or against a proper coordinating team as a monster.Will post a more in-depth review when I've got more hours on record"
,Recommended,273350,14495100,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Skullbreaker123,"DLC this, DLC that, it is all I hear about this game. If you hate the DLC, dont buy it! Its really that simple! DO NOT SPEND YOUR MONEY ON IT. This game is great and few give this game a fair chance for review due to all this DLC non-sense. I personally think these haters just wanted that extra scoop on their video game icecream cone."
76561198054636798,Recommended,273350,14428968,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Talion116,"I played during the beta and I've played some during the launch day. I have to say that this game is extremely fun so far. The DLC is pretty much all just skins, similar to Awesomenauts. People are crying about this waaayyy too much. It is not required to really enjoy the game. If you're looking for an awesome game to play with friends (or by yourself), this is perfect for you. Similar to many other FPSs these days, you unlock more as you play through matches (can be done online and offline). There's a lot of strategy with playing as a hunter as well as the monster."
76561197984734829,Recommended,273350,14427734,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Lastman,"This game is getting an undeserved bad rap just because it announced it had DLC.How many other awesome games did this but didn't get crapped on because it was already a loved franchise? Borderlands anyone? COD map packs for a game lacking in good maps?Worst part is that most of these are coming from beta players who haven't even played the full game yet. Anyone that has less than 4-6 hours in game most likely hasn't even played the real game and is just making bandwagon, knee-jerk judgments without having a real clue since all we got was a few maps and one mode in alpha/beta. Anyone want to argue this with me I'll be using Borderlands and other AAA titles and their  DLC as a comparison to content provided for cost.""DLC is bs because it means core game has lack of content"" 12 hunters (as diverse as you'll find in any game) and 3 completely different monsters with online and offline play, Coop modes, Vs modes. A dynamic coop/vs campaign that has over 800,000 possible scenarios. Stat tracking. Skill trees. And a great community with devs that actually listen.If you decide this game isn't for you I'll understand. Just make an informed judgement and not based on ill-informed asshats that thinks a limited beta test is representative of everything this game has to offer and believe they are entitled to everything for free."
,Recommended,273350,14419484,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Jerrow-Ya [MIZU] Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ,its a bit hard to figure out but its worth it very addicting.
,Recommended,273350,14487721,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,★✪HellFire✪★,Love this game! Honestly don't know how its mixed.
76561198010168111,Recommended,273350,14429003,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,An Evil Sponge,"Evolve is a really fun game to play, challenging to the point that in order to win you need to actually earn it.  Stays tense for both the monsters and the hunters all the way through, and the big fights are awesome.  It's a shame that the game is getting so much hate for the dlc statements though. Just to be clear, the dlc ISN'T out yet.  Not buying the bundle at the beginning doesn't change a thing as of launch.The way I see it, the developers just guarantee that the game is going to be continually expanded.  The dlc monsters and hunters seem like something you would buy a la carte anyway, as per your personal playstyle.  There's no real reason to buy them all.  Just like buying new nations for Civ V, it's the option to play a slightly different way for those who want to do it.  And I'm confident that I'll be getting as much enjoyment out of Evolve as I did from Civ V.Wondering if you really want the game?  Just watch some freaking gameplay, and imagine that the giant monster wrecking the poor little humans is YOU.  That sweet cyborg shooting lightning everywhere? You could be that too.  The prices for the dlc really are disproportionately high, but you know how to solve that? Just don't freaking buy them!  Now just get in there and kill a damn monster!"
,Recommended,273350,14414075,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,ShiftEnter,fun game. team mates must be competent or its no fun.and idk who the bigger jew is... the dev/publisher for making it rather expensive or all the people complaining about how expensive it is.
76561197987191140,Recommended,273350,14428355,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Anakoni,"Base game is worth the $60, despite what a lot of people say. The DLC however is not really worth it. I bought the season pass and I can't even play with anything I bought until I have done enough damage, protect so and so, heal, etc enough times. In my 3.6 hours I had only enough time to unlock the extra support hero Bucket. Each hero brings something new to the table which is probably why they gated some of the characters off. From the few games i've had, most went pretty well. One problem that would happen is either people would leave D/C mid game (makes tracking the monster harder somehow). A major problem however would be getting a horrible trapper, this character makes an arena which traps the monster for a set amount of time (or damage, im unsure) who would trap her team in the arena and the monster would be set free or worse, (which happened on my second game), watch a teammate get trapped outside of the arena and then eaten by a frog. Thankfully anyone who doesn't have the DLC can play with people who have the DLC."
,Recommended,273350,14428812,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,[iB] II-Mandalore-II,"Fun game! Although the game keeps freezing on me. I have to Ctrl +Alt + Delete everytime it happens and it takes awhile to tab out then you tab back in and it works. If you are playing multiplayer you will lose connection to the server you were on. Other than that bug which should be a Priority to fix, it's a great game! Really fun playing with friends!"
,Recommended,273350,14437090,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Lg | Lapu,Have a couple of issues.1.  UI - Mouse will appear during in-game play making it difficult to aim and move properly.  This issue also causes the window to tab out to desktop during play.2.  UI - Mouse doesn't appear after game play.  Making it  hard to navigate and select menu items.
76561198087796350,Recommended,273350,14426097,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,GabrielGrapes,Don't let the bad reviews scare you. This game has lots of replayability and I love it. Theres a story mode where its will almost never be the same and nothing is better then killing your friends as the moster. Great game well worth the price I payed.
76561197968186350,Recommended,273350,14427972,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,wubwub,"TAKE NOTE ABOUT DLC: Almost all bad reviews starts out complaining about DLC and would have less than 10  hours of gameplay. Now their problem is:1) DLC are skins atm. All monsters, characters are available to EVERYONE, but too many ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ didn't play the game long enough  --TO UNLOCK-- the hunters or monsters, which usually takes more than 10 hours usually for those that never played Evolved.2) DLC skins is the same default ones but with a slightly brighter color. Unless you want to light up like a beacon and get killed fast, those skins are there to make you die faster. It's just something Turtle Rock gives players that are investing on a pricier Evolve game or their DLC Season Pass.3) DLC SEASON PASS... MEANS content that will be made in the future, not a week from now, nor a month. Think several months. Atm they're still jotting down ideas on what good balanced monsters/hunters they can make on paper.4) There's NOTHING in the current DLC, they're just skins!!! It's the same deal with the ingame store. They're selling SKINS, that players still have to unlock after they gain enough exp/time spent playing the game.-----TURTLE ROCK---- STATES IN THE FORUM TOP DLC STICKY POST ( in this very same steam if you want more detail or proof) ALL NEW MAP CONTENT AND GAME MODES ARE FREE WHEN THEY MAKE THEM  AND IS AVAILABLE TO ALL!!!Phew I got that out of my system. FFS I wanted to write a review but have to see soooooo many ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ complaining about DLC. WHEN There's no ♥♥♥♥EN Content Yet. Even the forum discussion is plastered with those same ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that don't even own the game ( you can tell with a mini mouse icon next to xyz name) and are complaining about DLC. Those irate morons simply saw DLC and ♥♥♥♥♥ up on Evolve on Neg reviews and complaints. This is goddamn 2k company in partnership with Turtle Rock, the very same makers of Borderlands 2. When they release DLC it's mostly maps/campaigns like every some weeks, but when they make character content that's like 3-4 months later, after ironing out clipping issues, perks and balancing whatnots.God. These people complaining about DLC is like goddamn 2 yr olds in supermarkets throwing a tantrum.$60 dollars is the full content for the game. There's nothing cut out. Dexlux edition and Collectors are there for people wanting to support Evolve and buys future unmade DLC. Granted if you can wait for Steam sale, think the nearest one is this Spring, you can probably get the game or DLC future releases cheap.---------------------------------------------------------------------------Actual Review of the Game:The Good:The gameplay itself is a fun blast of cat and mouse. And get's increasingly more competitive when the noobs starts to learn. Think TF2+ L4D survivors vs a tank. Characters, perks, and weapon buffs get's unlocked as players spend more time playing the game. So initially everyone plays with default chars. In general there's a Trapper, Healer, Buffer, and a Tank/Dps. But you should probably know by now.Graphics looks just like the video gampelay presentations, I have no fps issue, no monitor issues, and finding lobbys of players takes a few sec at most. And I'm running on a somewhat good gaming rig, but nothing spectacular aside from a graphic card I got 1-2 years ago back.CPU:AMD Phen II x68 GB RamGPU:AMD R9 270I have zero issues with installation.Granted the game is good if you enjoy playing L4D vs tank style of TF2. Coop Competitive. This is a good game.The Bad:The game has a skill curve. If you're unfamiliar with how to play as monster or hunters epect a short game that would usually ends in 10-15 min. Even then on average a single game usually lasts about 30min. So unless you enjoy competitive PVP or coop.The initial $60 bucks won't be worth it to you."
76561198152962448,Recommended,273350,14484278,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Jupiter,"ok. This is a great first person shooter, its like left for dead met a borderlands2 raid boss. THis game is great even without the dlc. People shouldnt be complaing about the amount of dlc. JUST DONT BUY IT! This game is hours of fun without it, So many character classes that vary in utility and the monster is just a giant ball of dictruction and carnage. I personaly think all of you that are crying about the fact that this game has dlc are stupid and just want a reason to whine over this otherwise amazing game."
76561198028192370,Recommended,273350,12731068,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,TsuKanye,"Okay so I payed for me and my friends so I made a rather large investment, only after I had played the game on my own of course and found that this game given its current flaws is excellent.1. balance- many I have seen are complaining that the monster always seems to lose, or that they are forced to play the monster, or that it is really hard to be the monster. well having played the monster for about 10 games I noticed that I won 7/10 of those games as the monster the only losses were the first 3 as I was learning how to be the monster. A lot of the ""difficulty"" In being the monster stemms from not understanding how to be the monster. You are NOT an unstoppable killing machine when you first start out, and arguably so even at level 3. What you are is a very dangerous predetor, so... You really need to act like one!. don't go rushing into fair fights, hide sneak, be cheap. focus the medic and trappers, be sneaky and mess with their minds, try to split up the group, because 1v1, 1v2 and even 1v3 IS VERY difficult for the humans to take you down, given you are aware of your limits and health and armor pools etc. The humans require ALL of their teamates to take down the monster at level 3, highly reccomended at evolve 2, and good for safety at level 1.2. gameplay- the mechanics appear to be solid, the controls feel responsive, never once did I have the ""Goddamnit why did you shoot when I clicked"" moments, the monsters attacks feel VERY viceral, and feel fantastic when they connect with the hunters. The abilities are very powerful, and if the hunters aren't careful then they will easily die, even at evolve 1.  again however this game requires you to think and plan as both sides, for example in one of my games as a hunter we won in 1:45 why? because the monster thought he could fight us at level 1 with no armor. The weapons of each of the classes are unique and feel very nice, even the subclasses are very different and fun in their own ways.3. bugs and general negatives- right now I haven't experianced any real gamebreaking bugs. I have however experianced a few annoying bugs. The class preference idea seams a wee bit broken, I had medic as number one, but when my friend joined it would place him as medic even thought his was at number five, well we learned that the icons bugged out, and switched representaions. my ""medic"" was assault and his ""assault was medic. the net coding in this game is OK, not great but not terrible, the ques for games very a lot, sometimes people never load in etc. However this could easily be contributed to alphaFinal notes-REMEMBER THIS GAME IS IN ALPHA, alpha is not beta, they haven't done any optimizing, they haven't worked out what they want in the game, they haven't fully tested each character, they haven't fully tested the progression system, they haven't fully tested every monster. SO remember ALPHA is ALPHA and let's watch this game evolve..... get it?"
,Recommended,273350,12790757,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Myrdred123,"Played during the Big Alpha event. Minor issues with connectivity at times, but nothing unexpected - it was an alpha after all. I strongly recommend the game.Pros:Different hunter classes allow you to choose your role in the team, then specialize with your specific hunter selectionFun back-and-forth between hide and seek phases where hunters are looking for the monster and actual monster battlesExcellent when playing coop with friendsCons:Depending on how different the other game modes are and how many of them are available, I could see this getting a little repetitiveFinding a good group is essential to having fun as a hunter"
76561198065298922,Recommended,273350,14428773,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Logical,"I'm not sure what everyone is hating on as far as DLC goes. Not one peice of DLC is ""Game Breaking"" at this point, I mean sure there may be more Hunters and Monsters to pay for down the road but for now the only DLC you can buy are monster skins and weapon skins, and a Season Pass. I have no need to complain about paying for characters later because I am to busy maxing out the ones we already have, 3 per class. And the 3 monsters to start with too. So this game is insanely fun, in my opinion and I am really enjoying it. If you have 2-3 friends to play with I would highly recommend it. If you don't mind chatting with strangers, Lone Wolf play is good too (Just stick near your team and play your role!). If you don't like the online, they have a Solo play to experiment with.10/10 would recommend"
,Recommended,273350,14752220,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,[CV] HooksMcNasty,IT IS AWSOME! I highly recomend it to all. Amazing graphics and style in wich you have to play.
,Recommended,273350,14418901,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,GearKulaas,"Great game having a blast playing it and honestly if you don't like the buisness practice of the dlc simple answer just dont buy the dlc the'll get the picture the game doesnt feel incomplete or missing content. It is worth 60$ simple as that. not buying the game is pretty much saying you arent interested in the game itself not that you are aginst the dlc. whereas if you don't buy the dlc you are clearly not supporting the dlc. also new gamemodes and new maps are free they have already stated this. Final note to be fair there are a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of games that already came out that were good but had horrid dlc things and they are ballsing up and saying it first off so you know beforehand that is the opposite of shady buisness it would have been shady if they had day one dlc they announce when it releases or sells 1 skin for 30 dollars but you have to have said skin to play onlineTL/DR: Awesome game, honest publisher/developer on everything dlc, replayability is over 9,000"
76561198066661773,Not Recommended,273350,19756711,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,DonJavi,"dont buy. repetitive, buggy and lazy development of cut scenes. there is no incentive to progress with your characters. Only game that I have asked for a reimboursement and didnt get it cuz I played more thna 2 hours."
76561197971964488,Not Recommended,273350,12733691,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,[HdF] Almut Grete,"Very nice coop game and something new on the market!Why did i choose ""No/don't buy""? --> price-to-fun-relationIt is a great game but it sadly gets old fast and we all know what that does to the size of a community and ingame balance when most of the ppl only drop in 2-3 times a month. :(Will i buy it? -> Yes, already did. (Yeah i paid the price so i too gave them reason to keep it up, sorry)Would say a ""must have"" but with the repetative gameplay and the matchlenght of max 15 min, its not worth 50-70 $.Buy under 20 $ (if there is still a crowd when the prce has droped).Edit after the final testingphase:- some minor changes in the price -> it got more expensive- more classes revealed but the gameplay in overall does not change that much, sadly- the monsters seem to be weaker this time around, but the overall data the dev-team showed says its more balanced (only trust in statistics you falsely created yourself)After-Release-Additions:- 16 maps- a buttload of extro modifiers for the maps- 4 gamemodes- with the known 12 hunters and 3 monsters that all got a little bit more balanced (still a working progress i think)The fun so far last longer than anticipated but with all the players getting better at this game it comes down to monster-stage-2-faceoffs that end in one team looseing because one person is not doing so well.So far much like as expected. Nice game not that great on a long run.Biggest fear for the future: A lot of ppl suck at playing the monster or even leave as soon as it is their turn. The smaller community (20k-ish active playing within a period of time) and the endless whineing (of the 4-7 % that actually post anything) might lead to ""rebalanceing"" what essentialy will make it worse for ppl that actually play a lot before they come to conclusions about gameplay. Yeah well its an internet-thing ...Edit for F2P update:If players come back to it or start new in it, it might be fun for some time. Beware the great 1k that kept playing xDWill grow old fast again, so join now or never.Edit for the 2.01 update (aka 1 month after f2p):The time has come to screw over the ""founders"" (as all are equaly called no matter what version of the game they bought and if tehre was a season pass in it or not).The first new character arrived that is not unlocked for season pass owners, casue f*** y***, thats why. DId not work with the ""second season"", because the few players still left made their voices heard, but was tried nontheless ... and now with 3 million  ppl taht have installed the game once (no, not 3 million ppl playing the game) the Devs just pull the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥ move and declare teh season passes not valid anymore.Moneygrab game and company, nothing more.But all will be well for them, the freeloaders that now love the game (because its free) will praise them and there is no more need to listen to the screwed over customers. GG Scam Rock"
76561198032506511,Recommended,273350,14443467,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,kungfucrip,"Note: I'm very sorry that mommy and daddy wouldn't buy you Evolve after you begged them to buy you Dying light. secondly, Evolve is a ""TRIPLE A TITLE"" and not an ""INDIE GAME"" so the DLC price points are Valid and the game price is your average $60 depending on where you hail. Call of duty games get♥♥♥♥♥♥out every year with day one DLC and people still eat it up. BAM point made! Now, if you read this segment and are not offended and are interested in my review, continue scrolling.I haven't played very much of Evolve but i'm going to give this a positive review for the following reasons.Pro's-Work together with friends or randoms to hunt a player controlled monster-large maps make for a lot of fun and the hazardous and violent AI creatures are very well programmed-All playable characters are unlockable by playing the game and thus the only thing people should buy are the skins which are only cosmetic and do not affect balance-I have not experienced any bugs or crashes-when i played the alpha and beta the devolopers promised bug fixes and addtional content and they have delivered on all their promises so far-the concept of Monster verus hunters is not new, *COUGH* Monster Hunter series, but the genre is still new and as such the devolopers can go mutiple routes with the game and it has a lot of hidden potential for growthCons:-Evolve is largely based on skill, if you suck, Evolve will suck-Lazarus at this point in my review has the unique ability to ""revive dead hunters"" very annoying as the monster forcing you to focus on him rather then spreding your damage and causing chaos #personal opinion-very few game modes, maps and playable characters, but come on. It just came out, cut them some slack, look at League of Legends.-Evolve can get boring, but that's okay because I can do other things like walk my dog or sleep and eat and poop and i can always come back to it laterFinal thoughts: if you made it this far in the review congrats and thank you! the final verdict is, 7 out of 10 from me, if the $60 is to much right now, put this on your watchlist for a future holday. If your concern is the day one DLC, you don't have to buy it to play the game. Evolve certainly has promise and i look forward to its future, that said even if you don't like the game, don't bash it so quickly, the devolopers may surprise you :)"
,Recommended,273350,14413935,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Dac2142,"I really really enjoyed Evolve. I was really interested when it was first announced and was lucky enough to play it several times throughout development and boy am I happy where it turned out. I personally love the team dynamics amongst the hunters and the flight or fight mechanic as the monster. I really adore the sense of progression that rewards you by upgrading the weapons you use the most. Evacuation is one of the most unique and polished game modes I have ever played set against an already unique game. The DLC pricing scheme is terrible but I dont really care about whats not in the game but what is in it, and what there is amazing. Each and ever match is unique with different Hunter combiniations against different monsters and different modes. The game is not without its faults, since teamwork is key having laggy or inept teamates can really ruin the experience, but that goes for any online game.I really adore your game and recommend it to anyone who is interested in a unique experience in FPS gaming.Thanks TurtleRock for an incredible game that I am excited to continue playing!"
76561197964053551,Recommended,273350,14466810,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Meatcube,Never seen so many crying peasants in my life.The game is fun. Buy it if you enjoy team based shooters.You literally do not have to buy any DLC to get full enjoyment of the game.If they had just called it a hat pack DLC nobody would have anything to say.
76561198068353521,Recommended,273350,14428405,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Lady Stoneheart,"Amazing game! It's beautiful and the gameplay is fantastic. Honestly, I was concerned that I would hate playing as the monster because the hunters would be super over-powered in a 4v1. I can tell you that you don't need to be some amazing MLG player to destroy 4 hunters as a monster. I can't get enough of this game and can't wait until they add the 4th and 5th monsters!  Just remember, as a monster, KEEP MOVING. The hunters are never far behind. 10/10 would play again"
76561198023473005,Recommended,273350,14437206,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,christo_ce,great game just buy the small pac and see if you like it the go for the DLC.
,Recommended,273350,14437323,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Rumbleteer,"Since the business model and the actual game already have been opinionised in great numbers (sorry, reviewed of course) I will review the 4k performance side of things. After yesterdays driver update from Nvida, I decided to buy the game to see if Turtle Rock/2K can do it a bit better than others when it comes to SLI. And also whether Nvida delivers. And you know what? They actually did. This is one of the first big releases where my 3-way SLI setup works out of the box, no tweaking whatsoever, particle effects on normal all the rest on very high. 59fps locked due to 59hz locked on the 40' Samsung UHD, over HDMI 2.0 (full RGB). That is exactly why I invested so much money in all this hardware (GTX 980's, 5930k, etc.), to see the game perfom and look its best. And Evolve does look and perform fantastic indeed. So please all you devs and publishers out there, take a ♥♥♥♥ing note, thanks. 10/10"
,Recommended,273350,14439304,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,iclefirefly,"A lot of people have complained about the DLC's etc, but Evolve is a really awesome game. The environment is awesome, the classes and balanced and fun to play. Also you unlock a lot of hunters and skins without the DLC so just play it before judging too harshly."
,Recommended,273350,14418450,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Resonance,"This game is wicked fun once you find what suits your play style. Once I unlocked Caira (The third medic, the one with the grenade launcher), I ended having a ridiculously fun time zooming around the map chasing down monsters with my friends at records speeds. I also loved being able to withstand monsters doing the whole 'Medics taste like bacon from heaven' thing, aka being the primary target the moment the monster encounters your group."
,Not Recommended,273350,14570625,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Shampuck,"It's baffling how they've failed to include a story mode... sadly, it's reassuring to know the game modes opposite HUNT aren't as fun or engaging, because it made my decision to return my unopened copy all the more wise...I'd really love to see more story or maybe playmode like 4 co op againts AI which is have a full line story in it like l4d2 i guess (3 big mons will ambush while we're wanted to reach some point)... full unbalanced if u bring 4 vs 1 on pvp mode like this (depend on the situation like how big the map or the place is too open) like why are we fighting this beast? What is it? Where it came from.. etc.. and maybe it would bring in some experience like why do we really need to fight each other and eventually boost the game oh well.. at least I bought it with a ""priceless"" thing...:p"
,Recommended,273350,12733558,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Byas,"This game never looked good to me when I watched very early videos.But as soon as you play it it's amazing.I really reccomend everyone to buy this game!Being a hunter is great and being a monster is super fun!There is no limit to the joy you can have on your own or working with your friends over mic!Pick it up, it's fantastic!"
,Recommended,273350,14443131,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,kikagaro,Hid in a bush for 10 minutes while hunters circled me.10/10 would hide again.
,Recommended,273350,14482434,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,DOOMGUY,"This game is amazing.Yes, they sell day 1 skins and I'm not going to defend that, but there's a lot of misconceptions about the DLC being sold. NO, no release monsters or hunters are locked behind paywalls, the only hunters or monsters you can buy are FUTURE RELEASES that are not yet in the game and that a vast majority of the gaming companies would also charge for. The rest is skins, aka completely irrelevant pieces of garbage that you can just... not buy, and it will not affect gameplay experience in any sort of way whatsoever.""It's all or nothing ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) I either will buy the game and every DLC that is ever going to release or I'm going to claim it's♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;You're not obligated to buy every bit of cosmetic DLC to have a ""complete game"" or to evaluate the game. And as it stands, the game itself is well worth the money. You can ""vote with your wallet"" and not buy the cosmetics DLC, it's that simple."
76561198038767362,Not Recommended,273350,14674157,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Endrid,horrible do not buy! thx.
76561198031208641,Recommended,273350,12754194,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,The Last Lord of Ember,"I really love , the theme of the game ! it's so cool now that you can be a giant monster and human , i havent played a game like this since , the gamecube  system actually Lol . the FPS of the hunters is sweet , 3rd person of the Monsters is Spot on , and the graphics are amazing ! If you want a fun , co-op , survival , hunting , shooter game ! this is it :DGive it a shot , you cant go wrong with this game !!"
76561198037910515,Recommended,273350,14521748,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Cpt. Diomedes,10/10 Would evolve again.
,Recommended,273350,14450126,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Cyborg Hobbit,"At first blush Evolve may seem a bit overpriced. $60 for a few multiplayer arenas and a couple handfuls of playable characters and monsters?  But then I played a few games and realized how well detailed the characters are, and how rich the sci-fi jungle setting is, and how darn pretty everything is.  And I realized the time and money that went into this game wasn’t squandered away like so many angry reviewers claim. This game clearly had a lot of love and sweat and attention-to-detail-and-flavor poured into it.I would LOVE to see a single player campaign with scripted events, in-engine cut scenes, and a little more world building. In my last solo play, when a moment of quiet came in the hunt, some of the characters started talking to each other; one apologized for dragging the other off to this dangerous planet when she was all settled in and happy elsewhere. I wanted to know more about that back story, but even getting a hint of it helped me feel like the world Evolve takes place in is bigger than meets the eye. It was a good start.I don’t mean to contradict the eSports/hardcore players who complain about balance. I just mean to show that this game can be appreciated as a title deserving of a normal, full AAA price. Yes, release-day DLC is lamentable and should be discouraged by us consumers. And maybe I’m being too hopeful that the publisher will provide some free or cheap updates in the near future to add more depth and balance to the game. But we still have a GOOD game on our hands here, regardless of some overpriced (mostly cosmetic) DLC hanging over our heads.PS. I’m very disappointed that game breaking problems with running the game at 21:9 resolutions were identified in ALPHA and BETA and still not fixed before release. At the VERY LEAST you program your game to add black bars to the sides for aspect ratios you can’t or won’t support. Having the game launch with menus 90% off-screen and missing HUD elements is not acceptable. 21:9 users can play the game in windowed mode (if they can blindly navigate the menus to get to that setting) or actually change their Windows resolution to a supported aspect ratio making everything on their PC have black bars until they change it back. But this needs to be fixed ASAP."
76561197977744657,Recommended,273350,12789736,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,MagicSquid,"5/5 on the funmeter! One of the most fun games I've played in a long time.It's an alpha, so there's some balance issues where the monsters are simply too powerful to take down, even with a reasonably skilled team -- the monsters just crush them. Very fun to play though, from both sides. There are some alpha problems though, such as not being able to get games sometimes, the Invite Friends button not working at all, etc., but all around,I'll definitely be keeping my eye on this one to purchase later once they get a few more bugs ironed out. (If the Invite Friends feature was working for me, I'd have pre-purchased already)."
,Not Recommended,273350,19976229,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Special Agent Javier Peña,ded gaem
,Not Recommended,273350,15706217,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Johnny Dollar,"Dead GameWorst buyer's remorse I have had in a very long time, but that's only because I didn't pre-order Colonial Marines.So much ruined potential, lost to a blatant cash grab."
,Recommended,273350,14425159,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Mortr0n,"Fantastic, very easy to pick up and fun to play!"
,Recommended,273350,14445373,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Pontifex,"The DLC commotion is much ado about nothing. It's skins for ♥♥♥♥'s sake, not OP weapons/characters.""Lack of Content?"" I dunno, I'm finding plenty to do in game, and it's real fun too.People who refuse to buy the game out of ""DLC"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t are entitled babies who think that every videogame should be given out for free."
,Recommended,273350,14428700,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,HapaxHog,"OK apparently I missed the memo from the PC Gaming General telling everyone to instantly diss this game.I played the Alpha and the Beta a LOT, and I'm still having fun. My advice to people who are saying they're bored of the game already/were already bored in the Alpha/Beta, why the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥did you buy it?As for DLC, apart from the fact that there's a season pass, I haven't seen anything other than skins, and I suppose there's that one monster that you got from pre-orders, but seeing as Steam preorders didn't count nobody on PC has it.It's a good game, it's fun, if you're not having fun, you either have too many friends to play at once or no friends.Now the Evolve app on the other hand, is f-u-c-king horrific. It's like Candy Crush, only it's got stupid animations that eat up battery and is somehow even more of a cash cow. Seriously, for some reason you can watch replays on your phone, but these replays are top down with each character being represented by a dot. Why would you make the post-game wrap up an app? What the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥But just like DLC, you don't need the app, so complaining about is pointless, like most of these negative reviews ignoring any positives.Absolutely rrrreprehensible."
,Recommended,273350,14428712,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,nig blaster 5000,"I'm going to actually review the game instead of crying about the price and DLC like every single other review here.PROS-Fast paced gameplay, cat&mouse with a twist-Fun classes+characters-Each role is vital to the hunt and has importance, no 'useless' class-Looks good, runs smooth like most 2k gamesCONS-Monster has a steep learning curve/difficult and punishing at first-Unfixed bugs (stuck in spectator, mouse wont show in menu)-Small (ish) maps, much less 'hunt' than chase the monster in circles-A lot of content locked in progression tree (good or bad depending on whether you like that stuff)Overall 7.3/10, enjoyable good concept and is fun to play and progress but could use a bit more balance tuning+bug fixing and larger maps in the future."
,Recommended,273350,14429137,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Jereyoda,"I was surpriced with the quality of the game, i was hoping for a repetitive and boring game and i got a solid product.In my opinion this is a good investment, the game looks and plays really good; the hunters and the beasts feel diferent an unique.Pros:Fun gameplay.You get a unique experience with each class and match.Good graphics.Cons:There is not a singlepayer mode, and i feel like there should be more content.Balance problems.You need patience, if you want a cod you may be bored.In my opinion if you have the resources and enough interest in the game you should buy it and enjoy as long as you can.If you dont have enough resources or interest i would recomend that you watch youtube videos, streams and reviews so that you can have a solid idea of the game; once you know enough about the game you can wait for a sale or get it in other cheaper sites."
,Recommended,273350,14437118,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,OracleFish,"Not sure why this game is getting so much negative heat from Alpha users.The game is really fun - if you enjoy arena shooters, then this will be a unique experience in that genre. Playing with friends is a ton of fun, but if none of them are online, you can easily just play as the monster. It's been pretty different every time I've played, and I can't imagine myself getting bored with it any time soon.I think 12 characters, 3 monsters, and plenty of maps is a great amount of content for the price point considering the map variations, different game modes, and unlockable buffs, etc. I swear it's like no one understands that WORK goes into these games.If you're looking for a unique multiplayer experience that will stay supported by the company for years to come, this is a pretty good choice."
76561198042009038,Recommended,273350,14458098,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,chanticleer,"Listen.  I know.  Their pricing game is atrocious.  To counter that I would say that currently most of the pay-unlocks are cosmetic.  They do currently have a pack of hunters to unlock that is almost 30$.  Pretty ridiculous considering it's a season pass for only one part of the game.  I get it.  They are price gouging very hard.That being said I think the game is fun.  I do not necessarily suffer the issues of the prices because I work so much and in turn I am evaluating the game from a different angle than others.  The game offers a different style of working together, communicating for a goal, and trying to outsmart the objective.  I frequently play the hunter that can trap the monster and I have been able to outsmart the monster and cut him off several times by simply looking at the minimap.  I know the unlocks for more power is criticizable but I am enjoying it and do not really feel as if is unfair.  I would not have known what to do with it at first anyways.Do not get me wrong, this game has a ways to go.  Many improvements are necessary.  But this is still a good game.  Is it worth the price tag?  All I can say is maybe.  I can afford it easily so I cannot be fair in that assessment.  All I can say is that I have had fun playing it and that the people I have played with have been pleasant.  Whether or not this game will continue on depends very much on how keen it's devs are.  If they actually keep up and do their best to balance then IMHO this will be one of the best games of the year."
,Recommended,273350,21821550,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,zee,"A mongolian man, suffering the effects of long-term isolation, develops a deep, romantic bond with a mutagen soldier with PTSD.A well-crafted story of intrigue, political machinations, trust and of course, love. I highly recommend it to all sci-fi romance lovers."
,Recommended,273350,14467198,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,HydroClean,"While most people are continously bashing this game for its day one DLC and not bringing enough to the table in terms of content, I find this game fine. The ""DLC"" is just skins which offer literally nothing to the experience of the game and I do not care about it. As far as the game doesnt offer enough gameplay it is a 5 player game which is supposed to be played with get this, FIVE people. When you play with others even if they are not your friends you are just working towards a common goal. It is meant to be played with friends or just people in general. They do have a solo mode which works fairly well. Finally when people say how the ""campaign"" is too short, only five matches, that is because if you play it once as the monster you will probably want to play as a hunter next. it is short because they want you to mix it up, also since different effects can take place based on who wins or what map is played there is enough variety between the map elements and playing different characters that you shouldn't be bored. Saying it isnt worth $60 because you really dont like it not having a 15 mission campaign, which you could just play it 3 times as different people to get that experience, is fine. Saying it isnt for $60 for day one DLC is horrible, as the DLC does NOTHING. Even the season pass doesnt do anything yet but get this if you want more maps and stuff in other games CoD and what not you have to pay aswell. WOW HOW SHOCKING ITS LIKE PEOPLE FORGOT ABOUT THAT. If your friends are feeling like getting this game get it play with them and enjoy it. If you are thinking about buying this game knowing none of your friends will play it, you probably shouldn't until its on sale."
76561198024616110,Recommended,273350,14468249,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Savant,"There's an awful lot of nonsense being said about this game - which is a pity, because it's actually quite fun.I'll begin by answering a few criticisms I've seen which are flat wrong: I don't know if this will change anyone's minds - I hope it will - but surely it's better to have the proper info.1) Yes - there's day one DLC. That is pretty sucky. I'll get over it. The stuff currently avalible is all skins - with no gameplay effect. Yeah - if you want the prettiest monster or a multicoloured gun it's going to cost you. They are selling the first four expansion characters too - or the first six if you get their super-mega-ultra-hunter-death-crazy game edition. But they're not avalible right now, ergo they're not day one DLC. If I stopped buying games that have a season-pass for sale on release, I'd pretty much stop buying AAA games. That's also pretty sucky.2) 'There are only two game modes': Completely False. There are four game-modes - not two. Hunt, Rescue, Nest, and Defend. It's a little annoying that they've provided a random queue for 'Hunt' and the 'Evacuation' campaign (which combines all four modes in the format 2 hunt/2 rescue or nest/1 defend) - and not, specifically, queues the other two, but they are in there and you can play them in Evacuation or Custom Games.3) You start with one character of each class, and one monster - and can buy another one. Technically True: but misleading. You do start with one (the easiest one from each class) UNLOCKED but you can pretty quickly unlock the other two characters for each class and the other two monsters to end up with three for each, plus three monsters WITHOUT PAYING ANYTHING. Heck, you can do it quickly in one-player mode in one sitting, and then the unlocked stuff will carry over to online play. It's not as bad as 'you get one, and can buy one more' - it's actually 'you start with three and can buy one more'.4) It has a 5-mission campaign that can be completed in an hour. Technically True: but misleading. It doesn't have 'a 5-mission campaign'. It has 14 possible missions (by which I mean a small story attached to each map which changes slightly due to the game mode), of which 5 random missions are made into a campaign based upon what the players vote to play. Each has a different win/loss event which makes things different on the following map depending on who won. I've played at least half-a-dozen of these, and have never played the same 'set' - and if I did, the win/loss effects would make it different.What do I think: It's not perfect - but after 12 hours, it's still really good fun and I don't think I've fully explored half of the classes I've got.  I'm proably going to hit 30 hours which makes it pretty good value for money in my eyes.It's doing somthing new with the FPS deathmatch framework, and has done it well and introduced somthing genuinely entertaining that I've not seen before - and for that alone I'd reccomend giving it a go.The Evacuation missions are a genuine unexpected treat - it's great to see somthing genuinely innovative being introduced and explored beyond the new '1v4 mechanism'.I wholeheartedly reccomend it."
,Recommended,273350,14462287,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,PANiC🔧,"Killed a monster, got eaten by a plant...Really enjoying playing Evolve right now, I don't really care for the DLCs at the moment, and I don't feel I'm missing out on anything to be honest so this is not getting me annyoed like a lot of people wether they have even played the game or not.The one thing that I'm not sure about is longevity, I don't think I could play this for hours every night day after day, week after week, month...  you know, but there is a lot of fun to be had with your buddies on teamspeak for sure which is what counts for me.The game is gorgeous and runs nice and smooth on my rig, steam integration all ok from the start, no problems signing in to anything or problems with servers, it seems like the game actually works which is unfortunately a major achievement for a game on release these days, and I think a lot of people forget that, so I'd say Turtle Rock did a good job.I do think the price is a little high, I can see this game blowing up when it hits the steam sales for £20 or less, so look forward to some peeps buying it then and probably will revive it for the early adopters."
,Recommended,273350,14519887,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Rumpel_69,"Evolve is awesome! It's a fresh approach to multiplayer-gaming, looks fantastic, runs smoothly and is fun to play - either solo or if you team up with friends ... don't know random multiplayer, don't much care to. ;-)But the whining about the DLCs you don't even need to have tons of fun? C'mon! It's completely unreasonable ... if you don't like DLCs, don't buy them. You still have a great game.BTW nobody complains about ""steelbook"", ""director's cut"", ""extended"" or ""limited edition"" when it comes to movies or music - or did anyone standing in front of a cinema ever say ""The 'Lord of the Rings'-movie is a complete rip-off 'cause they will release an extended edition soon"" ?"
,Recommended,273350,14519199,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,chosen40k,Awesome game! Probably the most unique FPS/Action game I've played in a WHILE.
,Recommended,273350,14494511,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,SanguS,"What Turtle Rock studios has done here is create an absolutely immersive engine that allows them to really explore a type of hunt or be hunted style of play that inverts midway through a match.  It will wind up being a phenomenal game, but it just isn't yet due to the amount of content that is currently available.  If you purchase it now you might be disappointed due to a lack of sustenance in the material presented.  It won't have the staying power required to keep the attention of die hard gamers looking for permanence.  It will however, I believe, eventually deliver on a full fledged product.If you buy it now, do it to hone your skills and be that much better when additional content makes it marketable to the masses.  Do it for the gameplay, and the video/audio delivery of the engine."
76561198025679457,Recommended,273350,14440357,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Scroopy Noopers,"Great game! If you liked the Left 4 Dead games then you'll probably like this.It's a great team based game, but it does rely pretty heavily on teamwork if you're playing as the hunters. If you try to go off and split up, you're gonna have a bad time. Some people have complained about the map sizes being too small but if some of them were any bigger then you would almost never find the monster. I can see how playing as the monster you kind of feel constrained and like you don't have enough room but I kind of feel like that's the point. You should be nervous about running into the hunters and should play strategically until you're ready to fight them.The game is surprisingly balanced. I win pretty close to 50% of the time, whether I play as the hunters or the monster. Again, if you play strategically and smart then you can win a game, even if the monster gets to stage 3 or if you run into the hunters at stage 1. There is a learning curve so you should play a few games with decent players before judging the game and saying that one side is overpowered.Ignore just about every negative review that complains about the day one DLC. Most of the DLC available is for cosmetic stuff like skins, and most of the reviews are from people who have barely played the game or don't even own it. So they were selling a day 1 season pass for the next available monster and 4 hunters. Why is that a problem? At least they shipped out a finished product that isn't broken or buggy. Don't want to pay for skins? Then don't buy the DLC."
,Not Recommended,273350,14570605,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Squid,Waste if money 3/10
76561198071892483,Recommended,273350,14725395,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Dr. Drit,"It is an amazing game! No wonder they gave it 9/10. But the prise is a different story, with over 10 DLCs released just after the game was released. I dont have any DLCs myself (not even thinking about buying one) so i dont know if theyr actually worth it or not, but i do know that this game is not limited by DLCs. 10/10 -FruitOpter"
,Not Recommended,273350,14419157,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,"when you lose say ""gg""","Day one DLC is never acceptable. Ship the game complete, do NOT charge for content that should have been in the initial purchase,and some  monster expasion pack cant see new monster . pls be good"
76561198079116773,Not Recommended,273350,14505810,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Gilafax,"I was Lead to believe that $60 would get me ""Evolve"" but unfortunatley $60 got me an unfinished DLC demanding mediocre FPS with very few maps. Oh and did i mention the game was dead within a month of release? That's what you'ze get ya greedy ♥♥♥♥s.***Edit***After going free to play the game is the same except.... less. Less maps, only one mode, NO story mode, added microtransations and oh yeah the Devs wiped ALL progress I.E. (Perks, Skins, unlocked hunters, unlocked monsters) for the ""Founders"" who paid $60 or more when the title first launched. Now... that my friends is a punch in the nuts. I undersatnd why they did it but it's still a dickk move. Thanks Turtle Rock Studios ya jerks..***FINAL EDIT***Game has been abandoned by developers 'nough said."
76561198068520584,Not Recommended,273350,24287182,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Audiophile,i cant belive they actually made this game free
76561197961262725,Not Recommended,273350,14457436,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,AngryProletarian,Shallow and stales alarmingly fast. This game is nothing but the DLC scam everyone pegs it as with the main mode feeling like nothing more than a tacked on multiplayer distraction for a seperate single player game that unfortunately doesn't exist. Hire these guys for your next marketing project because they can make anything look good. Play for 2 hours and you start to realize that you've seen all there is to see. Save your money.
,Recommended,273350,14507083,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,bot devn,its real beast
,Recommended,273350,14467122,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Guardian,"Don't know why people were complaining about the DLC stuff... Great game, been having a lot of fun."
,Not Recommended,273350,14430325,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,[AnL] BaldSexy,This game can suck my balls.
,Recommended,273350,14499271,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,JadeFoXx,"You can defenitely notice this game was made by the developers that made Left 4 Dead, the characters in this game are very unique and fleshed out.The gameplay is very fun both as monster and as hunter (although i recommend playing hunter while in a group with friends because pugging can be a bit frustrating sometimes).Monster gameplay is always fun though, it's very exciting and rewarding (some monsters still need balancing though).Now a word to all this DLC hysteria.The stuff in the shop, all of it is cosmetical, you can always play together with other people regardless if they have the  DLC thus not splitting up the playerbase.People ♥♥♥♥♥ing about the DLC content want everything for free but a company has to make money somehow.If your budget can't afford the price of this game then don't buy it.But don't hate it because it has an above average pricetag and try to scare other people off.Because the addicting gameplay makes more than up for the high price."
76561197974806323,Recommended,273350,14499902,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Drakks,"Enjoyable niche pvp game -- at release there are three monsters available and a total of 12 hunters (4 original of each role, with the ability to unlock two more of each role). Hunt (deathmatch), Rescue (Hunters recuse and escort human survivors to extracation points, monster attempt to kill survivors or hunters), and Nest (Hunters attempt to destroy monster eggs around the map, monster attempts to kill them or defend till time runs out) are the three available game modes with Evacuation serving as a version of game mode that mixes the three in a ""week"" of fighting and then introduces Defend as the final encounter (which is basically reversed Nest with some added bells and whistles).Now, to the million dollar question.. is it worth the price? And the answer if we look at the content released by pretty much any other game, would be a shoulder shrug and a not really. Does this make the game less fun? No, it doesn't... but their money making model is going to hurt them in the long game by ostracizing players who both see the glaring flaws in their content-starved release as well as have become insanely entitled by many F2P titles (Even in this genre one could look at Nosgoth as a F2P competitior)As far as how the game handles itself within the pvp space -- I'd say it does a good job. You have pretty solid balance with a few minor and non-game breaking exceptions and the game doesn't spoon feed you on what to do or how to do it, which does lead to the inevitable ""X IS OP!!1111"" cries on the forums. You also have a pretty wild skillcap difference from the players who have been with the game since mid-alpha, as well as some early indications of working hacks (neither of which is anything new, or specific to Evolve). The limited number of game modes and maps does yield some serious repitition early on, which will drive away heavy players earlier than many games do.. so hopefully Turtle Rock will stay on it's content release, and not try and charge players every time they push out a new tidbit of code.For what it does, I'd give Evolve an 7.5 of 10 with the caveat that the game should be doing considerably more given it's pricetag. A single player campaign would've gone a long way with the playerbase, as well as given Turtle Rock a chance to throw a little more backstory on the hunters and monsters into the mix... and only four game types is a little odd, especially considering that once of them is purely just deathmatch and the others really aren't anything truly new within the space.I'm having fun with the game, but I can certainly see how gamers on limited budgets would pass this one over."
76561198052460066,Recommended,273350,24219289,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Xoriatus,"Yeah, so wheres my money back?"
76561198119464977,Not Recommended,273350,14611285,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,BustinCapsLikeNuts,"DO NOT  BUY THIS GAME!!!Do not make the mistake I made - this is an OVER HYPED and OVER RATED piece of GARBAGE!If I had known the gameplay was grindy and and the mechanics this broken, I would have never bought it. Seriously.TONS of bugs. Game mechanics not working properly. The devs of this game have made it VERY CLEAR that they DO NOT CARE about their community. The game will frequently crash, close out, or restart. Honestly the amount of bugs is too long to list.Not to even mention the game totals over $100. Don't even get me started on the DLC. It's not even good DLC like content or anything - its CRAP SKINS!! who the ♥♥♥♥ puts out $60 worth of day 1 dlc of ALL SKINS!? Why didn't they just... I dont know...ADD SOME ♥♥♥♥ING CONTENT?!?Very obvious DLC cash grab2/10 [tops]"
76561198006528563,Recommended,273350,15523758,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Sevestalink,This game is very fun and great. Its fun to play a game where its 4v1 and kill them all!
76561197980271007,Recommended,273350,14488280,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Strad,This game is worth it.Work together kill the beast.But you are not only hunting but being hunted atthe same time by the beast and the lands animals and plants
76561198044248063,Recommended,273350,14421439,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Chicken McNazi,"I don't think this game is worth 50 euros, I really don't. Its still a very fun game, but playing with friends is important"
76561198017938693,Not Recommended,273350,12752155,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Walker,Muhuhahaaahaaa! Im a BAD monster...
76561198004299733,Recommended,273350,14459099,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,War Dog,"Okay, after briefly flipping through a couple of reviews, I'm going to address a couple common points of negativity, briefly.1. Not enough bang for the buck.I'm on the fence on this one I admit, but most of the general whining involves the dlc, and if only for the moment: those are all cosmetic in nature and I'm a little surprised to see people complaining that they can't have bright orange guns for free... whatever dude.2. gameplay is repetative.Ok, for one, there are monster players out there that give up if caught early or simply don't know what to do, that is dissappointing. BUT I can say the simplest piece of advice for those guys is to not give up, ever. You *can* outlast the arena at level 1, you *can* escape LOS and (seriously why don't more people do this) sneak, no foot prints = no problem. AAAND of course: you CAN win, same for the hunters, yes you CAN take down a level 3. etc.3. Daisy is a useless sh*t.I have indeed run into instances where she paced back and forth, so I checked the area below us, there sat the monster all nice and pretty. Is this functioning as intended? should it be changed? I don't know, just want to inform the complainers.In conclusion: this is a fun, good, and often thrilling game. Is it worth $60? maybe not, but good god stop with the dlc ♥♥♥♥♥♥ing. Is it repetative? if people give up and don't learn: yes, but when is that not the case? So I'd probably recommend this for the ""wishlist until sale"" catagory."
,Recommended,273350,14459175,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,garyindi,"Im seeing a lot of negative reviews with very valid points. But the only issue I've had is the game crashed twice. Yes, it takes a while to find the monster, and if who ever plays the moster is good, then they are a little over powering. BUT all that said, once the fight gets going its a blast. Price is a tad steep for the game but like I said, it gets very intense, and I love how to win as humans you HAVE to play as a team. Solid fun."
76561198038973668,Recommended,273350,14414051,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,The Hatless Ranger,Awesome!
76561198002807094,Recommended,273350,14431807,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Specture,"The gameplay itself is great, there are some hitches alog the way with multiplayer but just looking at the core gameplay it was a blast for me as its something different to the market being a 4v1 and all. A lot of people are harping on the game due to the DLC available and the ""lack of content"", although it could be said its partially true, the decision to say that this game isnt worth playing/buying shouldn't be the end all be all choice. If you like the gameplay, then play it, if not then at least you tried it out but make sure to check YouTube video's before you make that choice.I have played through both the Alpha, Beta and now its live release and over the course of those couple months the game has been getting to an incredibly balanced state. There are somethings about the game that can be debated about whats underpowered or overpowered but for the most part its almost dead even due to the data Turtle Rock has provided (51% Monster and 49% Hunters during beta and internal tests). The Maps are just big enough to were it doesnt feel like an eternity walking across the Map without even seeing the monster although if the monster plays well by sneaking it should be a challenge and the hunters need to try and cut the monster off before staging up.On the topic of DLC, the developers have stated that the game was built with DLC in mind. Meaning that throught the course of the games life span, content can be added at any point to allow players to try out new Monsters, Hunters or check out possible skins for them as well. THERE IS NO DAY 1 DLC. The pre-order bonus for just the base game was there for you to purchace if you wanted to get the monster for free down the line and you knew you wanted to buy it later anyways. With that being said, ALL MAPS AND GAME MODES WILL BE FREE. They do NOT want to divide the community by making map packs for purchace or possible game modes down the line and thus, everything is purely on the Hunters and Monsters, should you want to buy cosmetics for them or purchace new playable characters down the line.Pros:* The ""Hunting"" aspect is there as games can be tense due to not knowing were the monster is.* Level Based Matchmaking. No getting paired up with low levels unless you queue up with one with you.* Winning with teamwork is rewarded through good communication's either through pinging ingame or using in-game voice.* High-Level play is definitely there in the higher level's. Multiple strategic choices for both Monster's and Hunters through perks, team compositions and map/game mode choices.* Evacuation mode is anyones game, even if you're behind and you have balancing towards you, you can still win.* Playing as the monster and you get to stage 3 quickly is satisfying as you outwited 4 people within a short amount of time in game.Cons:* There are a few bugs here and there but, for me personally it didn't bother me too much such as cursor showing while in game, matchmaking issue's with joining games somtimes booting you out.* If the monster plays conservatively in a match and the Hunters cannot find him, it can seem to be drawn out/boring to some as most of the time you are running around/killing wildlife.* Progression might seem very long for some later on in for character's as the requirements to rank your items up takes awhile but will come sooner rather than later just by leveling your account up while playing matches.The game itself is a breath of fresh air from the normal FPS titles out there and even going off into a whole new genre as a 4v1 and more and more games are starting to arise with this model and even in Dying Light there is a 4v1 mode as well. The DLC is there if you want it. The DLC is not required nor is it impactful to your gameplay if you dont buy it as all it offers is cosmetics for Monsters and Hunters and more playable characters down the line like stated above. If you are looking for a game that offer's the thrill of hunting and being rewarded with teamwork that can have high level play then Evolve is a good place to start as it offer's all of that and interesting character design that gives each one a clear identity."
,Recommended,273350,14540453,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,EVA UNIT 01,The more you play the better it gets. Just give it a chance.
,Recommended,273350,14461628,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,TheCowPushGuy,"How is Evolve ? Evolve is great with some amazing hunts for the Monster or awesome battle for the Monster , but sometimes if you don't play as a team if you are hunter ... it's really sucks ,because you need everyone and you need some experience with your class /monster. Some ppls does a great job and can wipe you out at Stage 1 monster or some ppls find that monster really quick and kill it , because some Hunter or Monster abilities are really usefull if you use them wisely and if Hunters use Voice chat most of the Time if this happends the monster is already dead,if it don't act carefully and wisely ,because Hunters can wipe out a Stage 3 Monster without any troubles , if they know how. So its balanced and depends on EVERYONE how you play.Every Match is a new challenge and makes it awesome.All those maps feels so alive , if you run there for hunting the monster as hunter and also it's so dangerous ,because there are other dangerous monster out there.So every match is a challenge.And Evolve got a LevelSystem what is more grinding you can level up your rank by doing solo mode , which is really easy if you play well or you play mp , what is really difficult because some ppls are ... i dunno maniacs ? because they can play their character/monster very well and if you level up you can be really powerfull and using this for your advantage, but it can take a little bit of time until you are cap lvl.Also you unlock background or icons to create your own badge for mp so everyone can see it or changeing your skin as Monster once you unlock it and you dont level only your rank up you also level up EVERY Class their guns or abilities for example 2% more capacity or more damage and so on or you can use some special abilities like 75% faster jetpack regeneration or 55% feedrate as Monster.So this game keeps you busy for a long time if you got the mood for it ,because sometimes it can be dissapointing and annoying as hell if you lose the whole time ,because your team didnt made a good job and go for lonely hunter.Some ppls can do it but not everyone.i saw it one match of i dunno 1000 matches , where a single hunter wiped out a whole stage 3 Monster ? i dunno if the monster was pretty bad or something like that.And what does Evolve give you aswell ? Right ! a few other modes defend,Nest,Hunt and so on, but basicly they are the some more or less kill the monster/kill the hunter.So it doesnt really matter which mode you choosing but it can be sometimes funny to play other modes if you are bored.And what does Evolve give you aswell ? Yeah ! alot of DLC's .... really expensive in my opinion and it depends on everyone by themself if they want to buy them or not.i dont know why they are so expensive and for what,because you pay like 6 € for 3 skins for each monster one and later you can buy more monster or hunters and i guess ppls think thats its goes to p2w (pay to win) and i hope it wont be like that ,because its a really nice game and every match makeing alot of fun and it's something new in my eyes.And dont forget if you playing multiplayer there are a lot of ppls who are friends and talking together and if you are a monster and they are high ranked hunter they will wipe you really quick out ... only chance is if they are just stupid at playing or if they go lonely and dont do communication otherwise you are screwed up as monster.So it's your choice if you want to buy this game and all dlc's NOW ! or you wait for GOTY if there will be a GOTY or you play the basic game , which cost 50 €. So do your own decision if you want it or not.Edit: The new Hunter and Monster are a bit unbalanced too op or too weak and the new upcoming dlc's are being ready at 2016 .So you ""preorder"" some dlc`s with some overpowered Hunters/Monster,which may give you the feeling ,that you are forced to go for them to have a chance against the new Monster/Hunters,because there are some ""perfect counter Monster/hunter teams"" ,which are really handy ,if you use them against ,that Monster.So sometimes the team set up or the right Monster can give you an easy win for both sides.hope you have a great day and have fun if you bought it :D"
,Recommended,273350,14419032,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Kablamo,good game you ♥♥♥♥s
,Recommended,273350,14452481,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Comrade Panda,"Alright, so I havent played much. The games vary in difficulty regularly. To play the monster gives me a thrill in a video game I havent had in ages. Also to play the hunters is thrilling, because if the monster is smart, it becomes a thrill filled ride.That is enough thrill and filled.Total review.The skin micro transactions about this game suck, neat skins, over priced, little return.Characters unlock with skill/play. Enjoyable rewards there, also can lock you into one play style. Seeing as you are only given enough points to max 3/4 skills.This is definitly a perfect get together and run up the LAN party game. Get the hunters in one group and the monsters in another. Exciting stuff. Also bragging rights when you assassinate the entire hunter party because they wont work together.Overall I rate this game a solid 9.5/10 for casual party play and 10/10 if your a monster.Am I biast? Maybe, I might be a monster, but you are reading this to help you decide if you want this game after all. I am just saying I have fun. You should have fun to. Maybe get some friends as well.The monster is fun, the hunters are fun, the missions are dynamic. It is a good game. Ignore their $$$ making schemes and just play out of box. Unless you really want all that other stuff, than get it.If this on a steam sale. You know the story. Sorry wallet, new game."
,Recommended,273350,12731804,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,"Waltfeld, Rider of Womp",Do you like team based games? Do you like left 4 dead? If yes - this game is for you.
76561197974581572,Not Recommended,273350,14425037,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Munkie,Once I find the game behind all the technical issues and cash shop items I'll comment on it.
76561198144345534,Recommended,273350,24179933,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,King Mickey,This game just got evolved
76561197988603617,Recommended,273350,12780745,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Dubarin Valentino,"Especialy for an Alpha game. Its amazing. Graphics, Gameplay.It requires good teamwork for the hunter team.Deffenitly worth every penny!"
76561198079598714,Recommended,273350,14423302,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,PUNISHED CHRIS,Can cost as high as $100. As soon as you finish the tutorial they try throwing the app in you face (which has in app purchases)Checked the In game store and It has skins for sale that range from £2 to £8 and after adding them all up It comes to around £94 (about $150 for skins alone)So that's a $250 game If you wanted everything. Christ knows how much It'd come to with the App.They are trying to milk us for every penny we own.Only reason I'm leaving a yes Is because It Is a genuinely decent game If you can ignore all the blatant greed and thievery.
76561198093063020,Recommended,273350,14429115,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,FusionGaming,"A game of damination between a giant monster and the most ruthless hunter in the galaxy. Evolve is the best game of the year so far. It is fun to play and beautiful to look at. People certainly seem to have a love hate relationship with this game, they either love it or they hate it. I love it! Evolve is truley a next gen game, and is definitally worth the buy for hours of uniterupted carnage!Gameplay Tip: If you want to play this game effectivly and have fun by winning, you will need a microphone, this makes the game much more enjoyable and the strategies that you employ will become more successful."
,Recommended,273350,23621069,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,stoepegel,"when it's on sale this game is totally worth it, a lot of fun with 4 other friend and one playing as the monster. the game isn't to big and can get boring after a while but as i said this game is totally worth it when it's on sale"
,Recommended,273350,14535314,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,relax,"Strictly speaking from my own perspective;This is one of the most unique experiences in gaming.I know there were similar games in the past, encompassing both asymmetrical and abnormal game mechanics, but for the majority of games available these days, this stands out.I think the DLC controversy is both unwarranted and irrelevant.Yes, it is irritating to have ""Day 1 DLC"".Yes, it is pathetic to launch a game with so much DLC available.Yes, it is shameful to have such a small amount of content for a full-price (60$ USD) title.Yes, it is reasonable to say that this title lacks value.However.I think people are judging the game too harshly, and here's why:Firstly, ALL (100%) of the DLC is strictly vanity/cosmetic. There is no way to overstate how important that fact is.This game fills a niche that, effectively, most gamers are not aware exists;There are a number of MLG titles out there; CS, LoL, DoTA, etc... but all of them fall by the wayside as soon as you enter the competitive scene. Why? It's because the community is all about maximum performance. This means that you would never choose X item over Y item for Z role. For me, and a good number of other people, this is nonsensical. Why bother adding X item at all? Games like LoL have to constantly evolve (heh-heh) their characters and playstyles with paatches and updates, just to keep things balanced and viable. While it's great that developers see a problem and attempt to fix it, it would be a far superior strategy to simply bypass the problems entirely.Having never met a dev from Evolve, I can only assume they are either geniuses or incidentally lucky that they have ENTIRELY skipped the second biggest problem facing MLG; Proper Balance.At this point you may be confused as to why I could consider Proper Balance to be a bad thing, so to speak.The reason is simple; Sometimes you need variance. Sometimes there needs to be an element of chance. Sometimes encountering impossible odds leads to motivation to outplay your opponent. Sometimes not.Personally, I LOVE Evolve for the same reason I love Hearthstone; RNG.It's entirely possible to play a match and never encounter an Albino (rare enemy with a buff reward) and still wreck your opponent(s).It's entirely possible to play a match where your opponent(s) encounter and slay multiple Albinos, leaving you significantly under-powered.It's entirely possible to play a match where you collect tons of buffs and still get rekt.I love the variance. I think it provides much more exciting gameplay than people give it credit for.I really can't speak highly enough of the game, and I encourage you to try it out.That having been said, there ARE reasonable flaws/complaints to be made.One such complaint has really caught my attention; If you follow a guide posted here on Steam forums (and likely found elsewhere too) to remove cutscenes, your game install file becomes roughly 12.5GB.That's not all, though; Steam lists the system requirements as 50GB. This is, for lack of a better word, laughable.I find it reasonable to recommend more than the necessary amount, in case of later-available content, sure.But if you consider the ""core game"" (maps, engine, default characters, game modes, menus) is likely about 10GB by itself, that means roughly 2.5GB can be attributed to the playable characters (audio files, models, ability code, interaction etc).Assuming this estimate is roughly accurate, that means they have plans to release roughly 25GB worth of content over the course of the game's lifetime.Assuming this estimate is roughly accurate, we could expect to see a huge number of playable characters, maps and game modes in the future.THIS would have been well-worth the 60$ title.However, we know that extra characters, maps, modes will be charged for, thusly making this title one of the least value purchases you could make, from my perspective.Why, then, did I myself purchase it?It's fun as ♥♥♥♥, that's why. Sometimes value isn't everything."
76561198073424376,Not Recommended,273350,14447090,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Kloqdq,Can't play the game at all. I had a strong amount of hype for it but got crushed when I couldn't play the game without major issues. I would not recommand it unless you have the computer to support it.
,Not Recommended,273350,22733889,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Stoked,"The game is horrifically repetitive, and takes an extraordinary amount of time to even get into a match due to its low player base, and when you do, its the try hard elitist there to ruin all the fun with their sweatiness. I bought the game for full retail price on release, and they gave me game breaking perks and alot of skins. I basically didn't have anything to work for, since they gave me all the items in the game. Appreciate the fact that they tried to compensate for my payment with this, it definately makes people who purchased the game overpowered. Even though its free to play, would still recommend staying away.Not Lit Game."
76561198055612611,Recommended,273350,14428769,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Sekan,"I see a lot of people crying about how they cant get this game to play on PC and that its not working. I've had no problems with this game and honestly enjoyed ever min of play. If you want to play a high power game like this have 1 of 2 things1. A pc that can take the game and run it smothly, with internet that you dont buy from walmartor2. an Xbone/Gaystation so you can run it trying to follow a master-race Pc gamerOver all beautiful game, fun to play with new people and friends. onlything i find lacking in this game is there is no story. so if you are hoping to get this and hop on to a co-op story mode, this isnt the game for youRecommended to Pc players that can run the game"
76561198263053757,Recommended,273350,22719181,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,findjoo1987,Love this game
,Recommended,273350,14450377,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Kobold Miners' Labor Union,"I'm going to open with this: There's a lot of negative reviews of this game on Steam, and almost all of them are talking about the DLC structure being really ♥♥♥♥♥♥. They are not incorrect. However, as of now, all of the DLC is cosmetic only - weapon and character skins, for instance. They're outrageously priced, but we don't need them, and not having them doesn't detract from the fun of the game. There is other DLC planned - a new monster, 4 new hunters. This will be priced at $7.49 per hunter, and $14.99 per monster (according to the publisher). This is extremely high. I feel sorry for the Xbone and PS4 players, I really do. But lucky for us, we're glorious PC gamers and we don't have to put up with that♥♥♥♥♥♥ Wait for a Steam sale, get the DLC for pennies on the dollar. Don't let the unnecessarily expensive DLC detract from the main point here: the game.On that note, the game is a lot of fun. If you enjoyed L4D's asymetrical multiplayer, Evolve takes it to a whole new level of fun.As of now, there are 3 monsters and 12 hunters (3 each of 4 archetypes) to choose from, and 9 perks each (9 for hunters, 9 for monsters) of which you can choose one per match that give pretty substantial but specialized bonuses. The hunters all have specific gimmicks within their archetype - for example, all Support hunters have a Cloaking ability that makes themself and other hunters near them invisible for a short time, and all Assault hunters have a personal shield, granting a short period of invulnerability. Additionally, they all have 3 other weapons or abilities that vary wildly, and the combination of hunters on the team create very different feeling matches. Further, the three monsters play completely differently, and the tactics required to hunt them are vastly different.This is important, because it keeps the gameplay interesting. You never know going into a match what you're going to be dealing with (the hunters can coordinate their planning, but they can't see which monster they'll be fighting, and the monster can't see which hunters they'll be up against until they've locked in their choices), so the game does a good job of promoting on-the-spot tactical decisions. As the monster, do you try and fake out the hunters with some tactically placed tracks leading in one direction, then double back in another to buy some time at the beginning of the match? Do you try and use stealth to stay ahead of the hunters, or do you make a run for it? Do you engage them at stage 2, or do you bide your time until it's safer at stage 3? As the hunters, do you split up to maximize map coverage and find the monster early, or stick together to minimize the chance of an ambush? When you're hurting and have lost a team member or two, do you run and wait for them to respawn, or do you try and engage the monster with a skeleton crew?How long the game will stay fun is hard to say at this point, but my educated guess right now is that if you're the type of person who didn't get bored with L4D, you'll find this fun for a long time to come.There's a number of game modes currently in the game, with varying level of balance. Hunt, the flagship gamemode wherein the hunters have to kill the monster before it kills them, is very well balanced, and incredibly fun to play. The others, however, aren't.'Nest' adds 6 monster eggs to the map, which the monster has to prevent the hunters from destroying for 10 minutes (or kill all of the hunters). This mode is heavily imbalanced in favor of the hunters, large because of the large amount of more or less autonomous damage the hunters have at their disposal. A number of characters have equipment that can do damage without their constant attention (airstrikes, combat drones, etc.) that can be used to destroy the eggs even when the monster is right there trying to defend them, and the hunters' damage output on some characters is such that they can get through all six eggs in very short order.'Rescue' adds 9 incapacitated civilians to the map. The hunters need to revive them and escort them to a dropship, while the monster needs to kill them. First side to 5 wins. This is heavily imbalanced in favor of the monster. With a bit of armor, a monster can run up to a downed civilian, beat on it for long enough to kill it, and get away even with all four hunters actively shooting it.'Defend' features three generators (with automated sentry turrets defending them), and the monster starts at stage 3 and has constantly spawning minions to attack the generators with. If the monster destroys all 3 generators, it wins. If the hunters defend for a set amount of time (5 minutes + 5 minutes per destroyed generator) or kills the monster, they win. I haven't personally played this enough to say for certain, but it feels very skewed in favor of the hunters. One of the monsters is far stronger than the other two for this mode, but I still have yet to see the monster win, even when the monster has a strong advantage from the start.'Evaculation' mode is a series of 5 matches in a variety of modes, and whichever side wins a match gets an advantage in the next. It's great in theory, but the imbalance issues noted above detract from the experience. Each round, two map / game mode options are offered and the players vote on which one they want to play, but this almost always results in Nest over Rescue, because the monster gets a single vote to the hunters' 4 (1 per player).There's a lot of rage over one particular monster (Wraith), and a lot of players seem to think it's overpowered, but I suspect this is more a matter of players not yet being familiar with how to combat it. I think we'll see it winning less games as the community's tactics evolve (pun intended).Overall, the question boils down to this: ""Is the game fun?"" And I'm going to go on the record with a resounding 'yes'. Evolve is one of the most fun competitive multiplayer experiences I've had in a long time, and of the characters I've played (all 3 monsters, and 8 of the 12 hunters), there aren't any I did not enjoy, or who felt unimportant or unnecessary in a match. As with any similar game, some matches are over very quickly and feel like one side just got destroyed without a chance, but most are extremely tense, and really get your heart racing.So, would I recommend this game? Yes, I would, even with the DLC issues plaguing it. Just remember what platform we're playing on, and don't get sucked into the outrageous DLC prices... buy the game now with confidence, but wait for a steam sale for the DLC (or just skip it entirely)."
76561198090233437,Recommended,273350,14427808,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Týr,"I am really impressed by how profound the game is, the stalk and escape part of the monster is what really got me into it!Being sneaky is the way to go!"
,Recommended,273350,17731011,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Darth Revan,"Remember how you thought Left 4 Dead was cool for what it was, and it didn't need a story line because it was just awesome as a stress relieving run and gun? Well Evolve is the same game, with prettier graphics and a playable tank! ENJOY! I know I do."
76561198008543212,Recommended,273350,14429624,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Devostate,"This one is for everyone complaining about prices/2K marketing. If its a problem, don't buy it. DLC, Season pass', extra content, blah blah. Its not new at all with AAA titles. Every single triple A title and even many indie games do the same. If you dont want to pay the extra to begin with DONT. Just wait until a GOTY version or something like a Civilisation Gold version. For all I care don't buy it at all. Money shouldnt get in the way of something you enjoy doing.Do not under rate this game because you have a minimum wage job and spend way too much time gaming. Honestly, 2K produces and releases the Borderlands series and you don't see♥♥♥♥♥♥like this coming?I for one bought this game with all the bells and whistles and it was DEFINITELY worth it. Finally a game to get the most out of SLI 980's. Gameplay is easy to pickup yet super hard to master. This is the first shooter I have enjoyed in years. So don't bad mouth it because you can't keep up with current business practices."
,Recommended,273350,12746711,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,ツ James The Great Sloth  ツ,Buy this game.Right now.Thnx.
76561198053888583,Recommended,273350,14477752,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,kutovoy,"Great graphic, two games in one (hunt/hide), loads of action for those who will master own class. Finally a game which allowed me to abandon l4d2 :)"
,Recommended,273350,14477254,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Dynamic,"This game is dead I bought it for $80, it's now 10$ enjoy. Scamaz :DEdit: Game is now free Scamazed even more, but coming back to play for the nostalgia try it yourself and invite friends now :D"
76561198057011189,Recommended,273350,14490098,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,TheStoneMan,It's good I guess. The other things cost a lot of money. I just got the the normal one. Ok bye I guess...
76561198018016800,Recommended,273350,14418449,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Skullface360,"Price aside I am enjoying the game. It offers a good game of cat and mouse where the mouse can give you a very bad day if not careful. Longevity of the game is a question but overall it is a cool experience and would recommend the game on graphics, sound, and gameplay. Everything else feels very much how WARFRAME is set up in a way only WARFRAME is a FTP game. So if you have the cash would I recommend this game? YES."
76561198060357325,Recommended,273350,12781927,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,QuackLikeADuck,"This game is so amazing. It is a real time hide and seek stratagy. I quiet enjoy how all the hunters have to work together as a team to hunt down the monster and no role is more dominant than the other so the hunters really have to work together. Being the monsters is also extremly fun because you are very weak as the monster in the begging and must divert the hunters so you can hunt and evolve stronger and powerful enough to overcome all of the hunters or if you get to lvl 3, the monster can take out the power thingy. SOOOO MUCH FUN amazing graphics, greak gameplay WOULD RECCOMENDonly downside is the price of 70 bucks canadian so I'd wait for a sale :)"
,Recommended,273350,14442231,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,jakebasile,"Lots of people get worked up about nothing. It's a little expensive, I agree. I couldn't care less about the DLC, as it's entirely skins at this point. And they're terrible skins at that. People will drop tons of money on skins in Dota, or even full heroes in Heroes of the Storm, LoL, etc. without a second thought.As to the game, it's quite fun. I really enjoyed L4D (and L4D2 a little less), and this game feels like a refinement of that formula. Instead of legions of zombies, you face off against one (sometimes more) extremely deadly monster. But it's more than that - the world you are in is extremely hostile and not paying attention can get you eaten by a ape-looking thing, a squid-horse, or a plant that looks like a crocodile. The meat of the game is Evacuation mode, which is analogous to L4D's Campaign mode; except again it has been built upon. For each map you win or lose, there is an effect triggered on the next map. For example, winning on a map with a power station will enable shields on the next map which restrict the monster's movement while losing will release radioactive clouds to damage the hunters.It's a good game, despite people being upset over next to nothing."
,Recommended,273350,14446147,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Cuddlysharpkill,"This game gives me such a rush!  it's the first time i have actually been filled with excitement when i'm playing.  As the monster, you try and feed and evolve while avoiding the hunters...should you fight them?  or should you keep feeding and avoiding them?As the hunter, you are trying to track down the monster before he evolves!  Which way is he going?  Left? Right? Up? Down?  Is he sneaking?  what is this thing doing?!I am writing this review based off gameplay, not the DLC (i could careless about that.)If you want a gaming community that works together and actually talks to eachother...get this game.  You will not regret it."
,Recommended,273350,14421723,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Amortisseaur,Highly recommended. Lots of fun and every match is different.
,Recommended,273350,17054014,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Big CheeZe,"Evolve Is a lovely game! There is nothing like being ""The Monster"" you against 4 others! the graphics are great, along with smooth gameplay! overall if you love a shooter, sci-fi and having fun in a online game, This is for you!"
76561198069211535,Not Recommended,273350,17870139,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,﴾Kn☻x﴿,what a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197993980789,Recommended,273350,14982268,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,half a cat,"If you enjoyed playing any of the Left for Dead series, you will like this game. The movement is great, it's a lot like the movement in Call of Duty, Advanced Warfare. The guns and specials shoot and respond really well, hats off to the developers for the constant updates and patches to continually improve the game. Playing as the monster can be quite difficult. The movement takes a while to get used too. It is definitely a rush to go up against four hunters who are tracking your every move. After a while, the movement becomes natural and once you settle into the abilities that you like, it becomes easier to take out the squad of hunters. Certain monsters are stronger than others at various stages. You have to play them all and try all the combos with the different abilities for this game to reach its true potential. It's quite hard to beat a team who is communicating and coordinating. This game is terrifying at times. I haven't played anything that had me on the edge of my seat for the entire match.You can play a quick round against humans or bots or you can go for evacuation and play a dynamic campaign that lasts for five maps/days. Each day/map change the dynamics favor the hunter squad or the monster. Apparently there are over 800,000 different combinations or permutations in this mode which makes for great long-term playability.Pick.Up,This.Game."
,Recommended,273350,15560230,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,hunter_jackal,"To anybody who is reading the reviews and finds the overwhelmingly negative ones, ignore them. They believe that this game should be like any other FPS, like COD, and have constant action, and be the same thing over and over again. This game was made to be different from the rest. If you want a game like CoD, this is not your game. It is not team v. team, it is 1 v. 4 asymmetric combat."
,Recommended,273350,20879459,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Capt'n Henke,"okay so.. I grabbed this game when it was on sale like year ago or something. Was a great for some time, then it became a little boring. The devs were greedy for money. The DLCs costed more then the game. Now it became f2p and i have to redownload the whole fokn game. I didn't play it yet, but im pretty sure it will be a mess. That founder status is not a good compensation tho. At least these money greedy devs got their 7k players back. Lets see how fast will they disappear. r.i.p old evolve with expensive dlcs but great gameplay. hello new evolve that i didnt try yet, but from what im reading its a mess. Ill be back when i try it. For now, im keeping ""recommended""EDIT: Alright, i have taken my time to play it. Worth it! The game is alive now, has much more players and is much more better! It may be is F2P, but i would call it more Free. No microtransactions, everything in game is unlockable by playing! The gameplay is fresh and nicely done. I would 7-8/10 :)"
76561198090254188,Not Recommended,273350,24225214,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Ashicata,"Buy  it,see that is F2P, then cryGood games, bad devs too much dlc for a ""f2p"""
76561197983612976,Not Recommended,273350,14429401,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Rogal Trump,"Do not buy this game in its current state.  It's overpriced and still feels like a beta.  The game is currently VERY heavily skewed in favor of the hunters, and monsters feel incredibly weak until level 3.  Hunters have so much HP even without the energy shield that it is not feasible to take one on without spamming special attacks - even at level 3.You cannot kill humans with regular melee attacks without an insane amount of effort, and thus your strategy consists entirely of spamming special attacks.  You simply CANNOT beat a normal human to death as a level 2 goliath with any reliability, which is very disappointing.Monsters are definitely the underdogs in this game, and if you are caught at level 1 you are definitely going to lose.  Level 2 is probably 75% in favor of the hunters, and at level 3 it's almost 50/50.Goliath is the worst monster, having no special qualities such as stealth or flight and - contrary to what you might think - he is NOT very dangerous up close and dies rather quickly under fire.  Do not bother using him in multiplayer, you will wind up getting burned out and giving up on the game. He would need about 300% more attack power on his regular melee hits or 50% more armor to make him a viable threat compared to Kraken and Wraith.As of now, he lacks any outstanding qualities and can't kill, stalk, or flee reliably.  I can't express how sad Goliath is in melee, you simply have to LOL as he wails helplessly on a lone man or woman for about a minute and a half before they finally go down.  Even bots are a serious challenge to Goliath, as he lacks the DPS to take anything down and he lacks the HP to weather any focus fire.Kraken is good, since you can now fly across the map to evade hunters and you have reliable ranged attacks which keep you somewhat out of harm's way.  No one apparently thought to give Goliath a grapple or bite attack, or to allow him to hit hard enough or deal knockback with regular attacks to make up for his lack of durability and mobility.Wraith is currently everyone's favorite due to the ability to sneak, use decoys and spike damage with the supernova ability.  He also seems to move faster than the other two.Do solo missions with Goliath until you unlock Kraken.  Do not bother to use Goliath in multiplayer.As Kraken, you can hold your own in multiplayer matches due to flight and ranged attacks.  Wraith will be more difficult to use than Kraken at first, but once you get the hang of sneaking and using decoys he can be fun.There are no viable melee strategies in the game currently.  This is the reason why Goliath sucks.  The other two monsters can keep their distance from the hunters and dictate how/when engagements occur.  Hunters aren't really afraid to close with them, since they pack the firepower to threaten monsters directly.  Goliath should be very strong in close combat and lose the lame rock throw attack.  He should force the hunters to keep their distance from him, rather than being able to calmly tank his attacks while he flails helplessly.  His lack of offense is compounded by the fact hat he has no escape strategy.  He can't really flee if he gets in over his head and he WILL be over his head since he can't damage hunters faster than they can damage him."
,Recommended,273350,14458267,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,dLinden,"Lots fun.Buy DLC if you want. Like all games around.Could be cheaper, but it give it enough.(for me atleast)cya!"
76561197975802233,Recommended,273350,14494236,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,StarDragon,"Very great game! All the reviews are mostly due to it going to have a lot of DLC. But IMO even without buying any DLC and just the vanilla game, its worth more than 60$. Very fun game"
76561197981909384,Not Recommended,273350,14523505,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,das bear,"i gave it time, its still complete crap. how is anyone supposed to have fun playing the monster when 30 seconds after the hunters land they find you no problem at all, and can kill you within 30 seconds of finding you. this game is so far from balanced its not even funny. ive litterally hit myself for waisting $60 on a crappy♥♥♥♥♥unbalanced game."
,Recommended,273350,14440422,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Nokta Kato,"Evolve is a game of cat and mouse, exept there are 4 mice that are chasing the cat, and they can easily kill the cat.I think Evolve is fun, and it also has a great concept, but it could use a few more game modes, bigger maps, and a few other features.PROS:You can kill your friendsYou can eat anything you kill (Including your friends)You can have a pet dog-bear-alien thing (that you can use to hunt down (and kill) your friends (when they play as the monster))CONS:Small mapsMonster hard to useNo baconNo customization optionsHunter AI is OPWORST CON IN ANY GAME:Your friends can kill you..."
,Recommended,273350,22187121,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Dr.squid,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
76561198046061324,Recommended,273350,14520540,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Skulker,"Great Game, Solid all round in gameplay, competitive and a lot of replayability with different strategies. Much more enjoyable to play then watch. People need to stop ♥♥♥♥♥ing about the DLC, all of the stuff is currently cosmetic. None of the added monsters or hunters are available yet, stop ♥♥♥♥♥ing.Unlocking all of the stuff isn't that hard in Single Player, but it takes away some replayability."
76561198050615765,Recommended,273350,14520791,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,FastCaps,"People are upset over launch DLC.  Normally I would agree, however, all the DLC is cosmetic at this point. It is not necessary.  If you don't buy the game because there is ""additional content"" then that is a bad decision.  The DLC will not affect your gameplay, it will not make others better, you merely have a different/just as cool looking skin.  The gameplay is solid, it rewards skill,  it is a great game to play with friends.  I stand by my decision to buy the game.  Put down your pitchforks, pick up a lightning gun!"
,Not Recommended,273350,24247862,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Karago,"Just don't.  They tryed to salvage their over-hyped over priced underpreforming game that had alot of good ideas but untimently failed to deliver.  I played evolve at launch and had fun with it. Sure there was alot of running around aimlessly if your team didnt know what was going on, and there were alot of anti fun design choices (cloaking dashing wriath that can excape any dome). But despite all that there was a lot of cool things built into the game that many players did not notice or know about before they quit.  The envorment would tell a lot about what was going on from little chirps to broken branches. and a world where the other wildlife was a threat or somthing to be played around.  Sadly in this relauch they basicly swapped places... they removed most of the wild life, got rid of the need to pay attention to your surrondings, changed invis to a shield, so now the game boils down to several short fights with some running between.  It does't have any aspect of the chase, and the fights have been simplified.Thanks for trying TR, but you failed let it die."
,Not Recommended,273350,14449349,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Captain Nonsense,Its mehnot the best game ever haha
,Recommended,273350,14516795,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Nimrom Dug,"Looking at the amount of reviews for this game, and so many of them being negative, most of them being negative for such a ridiculous reason as the price really makes you wonder.This is flat out an amazing game if you have friends to play with, the unlocking system is a bit shallow but that's about it.Playing this game alone isn't all that entertaining, same goes for playing multiplayer with a bunch of mutes or upset 14 year olds, but this can be said for any multiplayer game.I only have about 12 hours in Evolve as I'm writing this review but they have been spent laughing in good company, or some real powerfull buttclench moments as everything is about to turn for the worse. Hunting or being hunted, each game is unique and fast paced, you don't really have any moments to stop, catch your breath and enjoy the absolutely amazing environments that have been created in this game.Every character is unique with their own set of skills, backstories and so forth, although the tier 3 characters mostly seem slightly dull, they're not without character. The weapons are fun and provide for some pretty unique fighting styles when combined with a jetpack that runs out of fuel in the worst possible moments.Yes, this game does have ""DLC"" ... But really, I wouldn't call it DLC, it has optional COSMETICS. Which really is a different thing entirely. This isn't new to the industry in any way, and it's actually pretty common, making a few skins and textures, and not giving them to the public, is that really such a terrible thing!? They have stated that all the maps and real DLC will be released to everyone. Take a moment and consider the fact that modern videogame entertainment being what it is, this is actually a pretty damn good deal. Obsessing over the price isn't really doing anyone any good.I hate expressing my opinions like this, but this game is worth every penny, but I would give it a few weeks to clear out the bugs that are still present in the game. So yeah, for now I'm giving it a 7.5/10It is an amazing coop experience.If you enjoyed L4D, or the Hidden you will enjoy this!If not, you probably need to find a better set of friends!"
,Recommended,273350,14514632,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Proli,GREAT GAME!
76561197964453942,Recommended,273350,14516919,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Glutes,"It's a fun game to play with your friends online, or if you're just slumming it solo.  Some of the star achievements to increase your character's abilities whether in duration or in damage can be a bit of a headache but they're all good.  Some tweaks here and there still are needed for balancing issues but if you liked L4D you'll enjoy this game."
76561198049163075,Recommended,273350,14546711,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Luke1164,"12 unique hunters.3 unique monsters.Free maps whenever they are released.Optional (but not required) DLC for extra hunters and monsters that haven't even been released yet.Take note people, being able to purchase DLC on day 1 doesn't mean it's released or will need purchase when it is.As a sidenote, the reason most people probably dislike this game is because they don't understand what strategy is. Don't expect to 1v1 the monster and win. Perform your role and stay with your team."
76561198010510331,Recommended,273350,14467505,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,TalkingGoats,"Sure the DLC propaganda is over bearing as hell but you guys need to chill out.Pros:Moba Feels (Probably what most are calling REPETITIOUS, but its really not a bad thing.)It's PRETTYEVERYTHING is pretty, character models, environments, ambient wildlife.Sound is also PRETTYFUN  and SATISFYING,Dominating against a worthy opponent feels oh, so, good in this game. Roles feel quite immersive and doing them right feels, oh, so, good. (Seriously, how can YOU PEOPLE say it's boring? Have you played for a couple hours? You are probably just bad and butthurt about it. I'm bad and it's K, for the record)HARD AS BALLS to MASTERCons:HARD AS BALLS,One good human isn't enough to carry if the rest of the team is that s c r u b b y. You can make a useless monster build if you're an idiot, learning how to MONSTER descretely takes a lot of focus. If you are a knob running around scaring birds or trying to fist fight the players at LVL 1 (Intentionally), you're gonna have a bad time.There should have been 5X more customisation for the vanilla game.Skirmish only has HUNT, which is bullsnot. We should be able to play ALL of the other game types if we want.Game chooses a least prefered roll pretty frequently.Weird Mic Glitch still in from the BETA is SO annoying (Mic stays hot through loading if you were talking when it begins to load).TL;DR (LOL JK FA Q GOOBY)Take the Q.Q about this game with a very big grain of salt. It's internet-cool right now to hate this game and the mob mentality has totally taken over. Yeah they deserve some ♥♥♥♥♥ing about the DLC pushing, and maybe WE THE GAMERS deserve an outright apology, because it is pretty rude, but to totally ignore the VERY FUN AND UNIQUE game underneath the CORPORATE CIRCLE JERK makes YOU PEOPLE bigger sheep than this DLC boogeyman you fear so much.Also,  those that claim this game isn't unique, MFING CITATION, PLEASE."
76561198043997639,Recommended,273350,14537037,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Decoder,"muito recomendado, não vai se arrepender!!!!"
,Recommended,273350,14459315,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,eQsray,"Bought it.Played it.Love it.This game is super fun and has a very unique co-op pvp dynamic.You don't need the DLC to experience that.Personally, I would not want to miss out on this game."
,Recommended,273350,14459747,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Atsuma,"I honestly love the game. Yeah some say it's repetitive but so are games like CoD or LoL, i like the kind of gameplay it brings. I however do see this game hitting that point sometime in the future specially after that DLC ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t they pulled. I like the game but it legitimately feels like they stole from us. A real shame the company went down that road when it had some amount of potential in the future with DLC's.TL;DR Game itself is great but has few gamemodes. Don't buy if you don't wanna  get ripped off by DLC's"
76561198068373723,Recommended,273350,14725970,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,The Bewmdozer,"Now before getting your panties in a bunch, I recomend this game for what it still can be, not what it currently is, or the first images of it so far.TL;DR: I have hope.Evolve has some great potential. I do have qualms with certain aspects of it, such as the character grinding to get dem next characters. One hand, it makes things a little repetitive and frustrating to deal with. On the other, it almost forces you to play as each character to learn them before progressing to the next. The game modes need some massive variety, or else I feel like it's ""Hunt"", ""Hunt plus targets for the Monster"", ""Hunt plus targets for the Hunters"", and ""Hunt: Stage 3 all the time"". One thing I think would be a decent idea would be more campaign driven modes, but that might feel a little too L4D-ish.I got the game because it reminded me of those old Halo 3 game modes you played with friends  to hunt down the one alpha zombie who was stalking everyone. And it delivers on that aspect, minus knowing who the beast will be each time. Giving us a little bit more random chance might be beneficial, too. Change things up a bit. But, I sunk my ca$h into it, so I can only hope for the best and pray I don't end up regretting my decision."
76561198045181199,Recommended,273350,14853133,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Cyborg_Zombie,"This game is a blast!I was hesitant to buy it at first after reading many reviews about the day1 DLC availability, but I can tell you frmo first hand experience that this game is absolutely amazing!"
,Recommended,273350,12730635,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Karrq,"I like this game a lot, but it needs more balance and i think it's overpriced...UPDATED:Well, now it can't be overpriced, can it? Also after i've been playing this game for a while i can really say it's balanced and a blast to play"
,Recommended,273350,12729692,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,its me the person... lol,this game is amazing
,Recommended,273350,14801403,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,TS|WillisPrime,This is one of my favorite online co-op games. Each round is unique and almosty always enjoyable. Each friend ytou have in your hunting party acts as a multiplier for how good of a time you have. I would definitely recomend this game.
,Recommended,273350,14716705,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Score,"Despite the Mixed Review status and the mega-load of complaints in the reviews I've read, I've discovered this to be an incredibly fun and amazingly well-balanced game."
,Recommended,273350,14717446,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,TheRooster,"this games alright, seems to need a balnace for the wraith monster, but other than that all the bs ppl are saying about the dlc is jsut that,bs. people are spoiled nowadays.also, the environments could be a little larger, the matches feel like duels instaed of a hunter/hunted scenario at times."
,Recommended,273350,14957188,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,tarosh,"very good game, horrible support."
76561198100888702,Recommended,273350,14429678,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Mr. Cataratus,I love it I don't have much of a good compuuuter to run it but with that aside it is a great game I mean common who does not want to be a giant monster are fight stuff or be a guy that hunts a giant monster!
76561198009807759,Recommended,273350,14425181,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,DREADGARR,"graphics are amazing, gameplay takes a tad getting used too as with all new games, but so far.. awesome game!"
,Not Recommended,273350,14539399,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Princess Trollestia,R A P T O R S Q U A D.
,Recommended,273350,12741647,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Protean,Once the bugs are gone this game will be legendaryOnly hate that you can't queue up with and play against your friends.
76561198062194904,Not Recommended,273350,24197812,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Shu,"R u serious?I paid the full price, and now...... FREE TO PLAYgive my money backu suck!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,273350,14558745,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,SMOKEYS,"havent got bore yet,pretty good graphics if your runing a gtx960+"
76561198005807539,Recommended,273350,14982952,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Dark Pretender,"Everyone that bought the game and now complains about not having everything in the game are morons, you purchased the game as it was and you got everything you needed to play, you dont need the dlc to play, you dont need skins to play, all you need is the base game, them adding dlc and demanding money is something I am against too, but know what?, all games in this day and age do this, atleast all games that made by big companies, I have accepted that I will only get the dlc for evolve I personally am gonna use, no one needs all the dlc in evolve its like Dota, buy the stuff you want and are gonna use and then shut up and use it, if you dont want the dlc, then simply dont get it and play Evolve if thats what you want, or shut up and quit?, no one is making anyone play Evolve, if you want to play it, this game is like Dota, and League of Legends, they sell ingame content, but the content are not critical to the game itself, because you can still play without buying the dlc.Buy the dlc you want and are gonna use, dont buy anything else of the dlc, thats my advice to people that play Evolve and complain about the dlc, also I would normally hate to make a review like this, but I am just sick and tired of hearing people complain, just because about the dlc pricing, this game is expensive for sure, but its fun if you have people to play with.I recommend buying this game, because I truly enjoy playing this game!I also dont care if you guys down vote me, because its the truth."
76561198064948471,Not Recommended,273350,17359246,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,FractalBro,"I can't believe i wasted 50 bucks preordering this repetetive, unbalanced piece of crap.Don't waste your time on this, if you want teambased combat go with CS, DotA or TF2."
76561198071605438,Recommended,273350,17551370,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Dr. J. S. Steinman,"10/10It's a unique idea, the people are great, the devs get♥♥♥♥♥♥done. That is hard to come by these days in a game.Also the devs will listen if you message them, thank you for the help Jc:"
,Recommended,273350,12749046,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Er|`koenig,"Running max settings with GeForce GTX 280 SLI, game looks great and runs smooth. Beast seems pretty unstopable at stage 3, but its just the alpha. Many more hours to come."
76561198064852127,Recommended,273350,12765999,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Meadzzz,Nerf kraken...!!!:3 Other than that 10/10 would put a rusty spoon in my fan.
76561197972902926,Recommended,273350,14475087,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Kolone,Everything that I loved about L4D and more. It's a great game to play with my friends.
,Recommended,273350,14451956,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,xXwontstopXx,best game ive seen in a long time
76561198046178086,Recommended,273350,14451565,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,TheGreatCthulhu,"I played the alpha, and beta and can confidently say that turtle rock is working hard on this. But the bigger qestion is: did their work pay off? In my opinion- Definitley. The game is very well balanced and very enjoyable and every battle once the monster is level 3 and closing in on the hunters is always an adrenaline pumping yet still kind of a strategic engagement as each ability needs to be used in its optimal way- knowing to use goliaths fire breath when all the hunters are close together or nailing the harpoon traps when the wraith comes in is something that can always brovide a tide turning in the heat of battle. The engagements are incredible and gameplay is solid- a few collision bugs ive had when pouncing but nothing awful, I'd definitley recommend this game to anyone thinking of purchasing it, Its been a ton of fun every step of the way!"
,Recommended,273350,14450799,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,spookacabra,"It's great fun and I will say to pick it up buuuuut...Buy it on a sale or wait until they release more content. Currently there are only 4 game modes, which everybody plays pretty much the same. Rescue? Hunt the monster. Nest? Hunt the monster. Defend? Hunt the monster. Hunt? Hunt the monster.Monsters are very unbalanced, Goliath is so weak and uninteresting to play that I haven't bothered to unlock the others yet just because I don't want to play Goliath. Kraken and the monsters beyond are vastly better to the point that if you get matchmade against somebody who has managed to unlock them you may are well leave and hope to get a Goliath in the next match.The campaign mode has an ""auto-balance"" feature that buffs the losing team's damage output while the winning team gets some sort of map-based buff like opening teleporters or making the wildlife more hostile to the hunters. As implemented however it results in most smart monster throwing the first three rounds, then winning the final two rounds by virtue of doing 2x damage.As with all 4 player co-op shooters, there is a ""downed"" mechanic that is made virtually useless by the fact that the monsters (even the goliath) have so much area dominance that they can deny revives by running around in circles and mashing the left mouse button. The only medic worth playing is Lazarus, since his gimmick is being able to revive people even when they are fully dead. Unless the monster immeadiately eats the hunter's corpse... There is no way to prevent revive denial other than hoping the monster is dumb and starts chasing another teammate instead of denying.Technically the game is solid, a fact that is astounding in this era of half-unfinished unoptimized frankentitles, it mostly stays upwards from 60 FPS even on my computer with somewhat out of date parts and still looks pretty (and no I am not staring at wall textures a finer eye could probably find flaws but I'm too busy being pounded to death by monster fists). The netcode, the greatest flaw in most multiplayer shooters, has not shown any cracks yet.I am honestly surprised how well this game has turned out looking back on the other recent releases this year. It's been good enough that I had to write a serious review of it rather than making some snide remark and leaving it at that."
76561198031536375,Recommended,273350,14633908,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Fracture,It...is...EPIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) Clearly one of the best.
76561198080497272,Not Recommended,273350,21144329,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,edwardward762,"So much potential, wasted.This could have been a very good game and we got this instead, I would not recommend this game to anybody."
76561197990747512,Recommended,273350,12735957,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Maxim8,"Every game has a Hook, a gymick, that  thing that makes it unique. Evolve has a very  cool gymic.4 v 1  pvp  4  super  kited out humans with specific spectial abilites vs 1 player controled titan monster with mutant abilites.The  game has great gfx and smooth game play when it works, when it doesnt work its a choppy jerky rubber banding slide show of  fustration.When you get a monster player with low level and new to the map you get to trap and cap the monster. when you get a vetertan who knows the map and has buff unlocks  you get to chase around the map for 5 min looking for a monster you cant catch while it levels up then comes and  kills you. Its fustrating but fun."
76561198051901288,Recommended,273350,12748381,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Dr.Starch,"Fun game, gets boring after a while. Play in short bursts and you'll never stop loving it."
,Not Recommended,273350,26250650,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Shadow Blazer,"How to make Scam Artist: The Game:Step 1: Up until release, put out high quality gameplay videos and do beta testing that helps everyone get onboard with your product.Step 2: Release game with multiple versions to preorder making it as confusing as ♥♥♥♥ing possible.Step 3: Make sure the game's launch is as broken as possible and ""promise to make it better"" over time.Step 4A: Sell a season pass that does not include all DLC for the game.Step 4B: Sell ANOTHER season pass that does the same as step 4A.Step 5: Go free to play removing all single player and offline content to force everyone into an always online version of the game that they did not want nor pay for.Final step: Shut the whole ♥♥♥♥ing game down running with everyones money who backed the game.This game released last year, I bought the $100 ""PC Monster Race"" edition and now they pulled the whole thing from development while STILL charging for their microtransactions. The game is not finished in their ""rerelease"" not was it finished at release, but I am finished with them for the foreseeable future.Edit: fix'd mistakes. Wish I could edit my pre-order as well..."
76561198129519266,Recommended,273350,15990051,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Marshmallow Kitsune,"Evolve is tremendously fun. with or without friends you will be having a fairly good time (unless you hate the game or you have a terrible team). the maps are free so that makes things that much better (CoD and Battlefield meanwhile you have to pay for certian maps so only a select few play that map). The DLC rage is complete bullcrap 15$ for a monster sure a little overprice but ( i know people are going to yell at me for saying this but) CS:GO is a great game but 400$ for a SKIN is to much, same with tf2's golden frying pan, 5,000 dollars REALLY, i get these are rare items but its a virtural item, nothing in a game should cost that much, 15$ dollars for a monster is not even that bad considering some other DLC for other games. the core gameplay is an amazing concept and is well put together and is fun, the Hunt 2.0 update made it less of a running simulator and i belive they buffed some wepons that slow monsters to make it less of a running sim. the Hunters for DLC are extreamly diverse but it is not a neccesity you dont need them to enjoy the game, alot of times i dont even touch some dlc characters like sunny and slim both great charecters but i prefer hank or val to them so i raely play them but are still fun to play with when you do. the gamemodes are divese and fun and are plays off of other gamemodes in other games that i love, rescue is like an escort mission but with its own twists and such to make it original-ish, hunt is very new and i have not seen anything like it in a games, same with nest and defend, arena mode is for those guys who like to fight and thats all with doors that will open and close, doors that reveal harmful wild life, and the dreaded tyrant pit in the murder pit's saloon. evacuation is still fun and is a mash up of all the game modes but the hunter ending is WAY to dissapointing but thats were the dissapointments end for me.   anyway this is one of my favorite games of 2015 and now that they have lowerd the price to 40$ its a  terrific game for its price and is definatly worth 40$. the only thing i wish was in the game was either 2 monsters vs. 8 hunters or 1 monster and 4 hunters vs. 1 monster and 4 hunters. other wise i STRONGLY recomend this game to almost anyone"
76561198141686313,Recommended,273350,18916012,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Fl0ppy Monster,"Great game, still keeps drawing me in. love the new Monsters and Hunters, keep it coming!!"
76561198044201418,Recommended,273350,14429688,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Penance,Kraken Bait 2015.
,Recommended,273350,14414479,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Cadwell,This game is fun as hell. Well worth $60.
,Recommended,273350,14962472,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Pyrrha Omega,Despite getting a lot of bad press this game is incredibly fun. It is not a casual game though. For those that are into something with a focus on skill this game absolutely fits that.
76561198027212177,Not Recommended,273350,24185530,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Rivll,"Worse than a year ago.Party with friends,  keeps seperating ppl from the partyleader.You have to try and try and try again.New gamecrashing bugs.Balance still as bad if not worse than before.I dont give much about it ...but the ingame ""compensation/thx "" to the founders is pettyful at best."
,Not Recommended,273350,24186007,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Miho-Chan,REFPUND !!!!!!!! NOW!
76561197993575821,Recommended,273350,12788443,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,GoT<3 Spawn!,Best hunting shooter ever!!! Olso you need skill to kill the Beast
76561197984673043,Recommended,273350,14456023,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Jensen,"great game, tired of hearing all the poor people crying that its too expensive"
76561198189151755,Recommended,273350,21278047,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Mr.Świster,This is the best game
76561197966468965,Recommended,273350,19984309,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,PsychoTortoise,"Get it on sale, and it's an excellent game!"
,Recommended,273350,19296266,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Toxic,"Tons of fun and i love the animation,fps and just getting to be a giant powerful monster.definite recommendation."
,Recommended,273350,18847770,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,BasebornLion,"Where to start; where to start?This game is just good.Don't listen to crybabies whining who never even bought the game;♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tend to get bent out of shape no matter what goes on.PROS:-Dynamic gameplay; it's like owning TWO different games in terms of the experience as hunters or monster.-Each monster/hunter is unique and brings a new experience to the table-deep mechanics monsters and hunters in terms of strategies to use; the game doesnt old fast if you know what you're doing-Purchasable skins for monsters, that they usually give out for free, so you can show everyone you're a tryhardCONS:-Low player base-Skill OP-Monsters/hunters are too expensiveIn the end, the real problem with this game is that people didn't give it a fair chance; who cares about purchable skins at launch, they make the game harder if you're a monster and only you can enjoy them if you're a hunter."
76561198122077652,Recommended,273350,17872563,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,jordan.ford49,good game really like only problem is supports need nerfed a bit as monster u cant kill anyone with the supports so close and the monster could use some health regen
,Recommended,273350,17870441,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Dokuro,"This game is a pretty decent game, I had a great time of fun when I played it in the stress test on my console. My only concern is that it could get a bit repetitive after awhile but other than that it is a good game that you are able to work with teammates to defeat a giant monster.  Also all of these other reviews that gave this game a terrible rating, were all in  the beginning when they announced that there would be paid skins and characters, the skins don't matter at all and actually make it harder to play for monster considering you are trying to blend in and the characters are just DLC which they have priced a bit much but creating a DLC for a game isn't free for the publisher paying the developers. Basically don't really trust any of those reviews because they just jumped on a bandwagon against the game for their ""microtransactions"" that are really non-existant."""
76561198112861308,Recommended,273350,14655401,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Dark Paladin,Great games endless hours of fun. only bad thing about it is the expensive skins and the fact that they only change weapon color.
,Recommended,273350,12746803,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,HapGhost,"Massive hours of mulitiplayer fun in the Evolve Big Alpha preview. Blends single player action with multiplayer co-opt coodination. Easy to learn and hard to master both as the Monster and as each of the 4 Hunter Roles. Obviusly balacing is a big issue, but the game already seams pretty tight for the current preview. There are a some perks and you can choose just one per mission, so it can give you and edge but shouldn't break anything. The Perks are unlocked at a pretty fast rate based on the performance of your play. And each roles can master their different abilities. Looking forward to the release and to see all the promised content."
76561198068095429,Recommended,273350,12746862,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Dreadstone,"Monster+The Monster is awesome, when you hit Stage 3 it is extremely strong.+Even at stage 2, The Monster can kill the hunters but it will be very risking.-If your feeling good about yourself too early as Monster you will end up running or dieing.-Jumping only seemed to be forward, being ble to use strafeing key and jump in that direction(Jumping left or right) would make it feel more comfortable.Hunters+I like how Teamwork is a requirement, it makes you have to communicate with your team(rather then having that 1 elite player).+Movement seemed fluid, Jackpack helped(But ran out very fast when fighting/chaseing).-When monster hit Stage 3 you would be in an extreme disadvantage-Hard to catch up with the Monster and if he was alert you were never going to get him down in stage 1-2.New Ideas?-Maybe have a Game Mode that 2V8 might be fun.-Another Game Mode Hunters Must Escape, having multiple checkpoints where the hunters must (pick up parts/flip switchs) from A-D then Get off planet before everyone dies.-Allow the monster to jump to the side.-Depending on what the monster eats he will look different, with a veried primary attack.(Smaller creatures=Speed, large=Strength, Medium=Mixture).-Increaseing Jack fuel or its recharge rate(while chaseing that Monster i burn all my Fuel just attempting to keep up, unable to avoid anything once attacked).Game is great can't wait for the full game, would love to see if they are going to actually try any of my suggestions."
76561198012744448,Recommended,273350,14628094,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Apophis,Abducted the weakest hunter vertically at max range and then crashed back to the ground like a two story living meteorite only to vanish for a few seconds to abuct the lone survivor into the brush to enjoy a meal free of paranoia.To anyone against this game; Nobody is forcing you to pay for skins.10/10 would seperate you from the herd again.
,Recommended,273350,14466142,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Waffles,"After playing an astounding fifteen hours of Evolve I pretty much a master and therefore you should take this comprehensive review as nothing but the word of a God. Just Kidding.I've sincerely enjoyed playing this game over the last few days. Most of the games I've played recently have failed to entertain me for more than a few days but I have a feeling that Evolve is going to keep me interested for quite a while.Unlike other multiplayer only games, the players actually talk. This is vital to success in this game because the monster will take a dump on you if you are not playing as a team. This is one of my favorite aspects of the game in fact. I've made a lot of new friends and I anticipate that I'll keep making more.The graphics didn't leave drooling all over my keyboard but the intricasies of the map suprised me. They added a lot of detail to each map. Also each map is different from one another. The past few fps that I've played have always felt like I was playing on the same map.However, the character progression is lacking in complexity.  It's pretty much, play the game. I would have enjoyed it if it was harder to unlock the characters as make the good players better while making the casuals ok. I like it when a game has a disparagement between the good and the casual players.Regardless, this is a 10/10 must buy for 2015."
,Recommended,273350,14439323,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Ramiro Nolasco,great co-op experience10/10 Deckard Cain aprroved
,Recommended,273350,14439398,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,xn.dro,"All these people complaining about DLC.. You are NOT obliged to buy them! Quit crying about it! Other games do the same thing. For example, League of Legends, people spend HUNDREDS of dollars on the game for skins. DLC in Evolve = SKINS! The only people ruining the game are you who put thumbs down, for saying an awesome game is bad because you see $$$ infront of your face.I've read others reviews saying the game is awesome but do not want to support 2k. REALLY? Pay for the DLC to develop the game. You get what you pay for. I personally think $60 is worth it. Graphics/Models are awesome. Havent seen any bugs in the mechanics. Match making = decent. Support this game so we get more monsters, hunters, maps, and possibly game modes!"
76561197964487642,Recommended,273350,14645542,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,CtrlAltDeceive,"While a $60 price and the subject of DLC might be debatable, this is a pretty fun game. The majority of the fun comes from playing with your buds though. So if you don't have 4 friends, watch some gameplay videos. It's a cool game with a great concept and decent(or better compared to some) execution. I don't regret spending $60 and I feel like I'll want to grab the DLC at some point. Honestly, there are many titles that I've either bought into early access on or were cheaper than $60 that are just not as fun or cool. Not the best game on the planet and a few more important ones on the horizon to look out for but not bad in any sense worth complaining about. Grab 4 friends and have some fun."
76561198090642746,Recommended,273350,14439414,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Bobby_Fett,DLC scam aside this game is really fun. Literally none of the day one DLC people are complaining about is required for you to win any rounds (it is all cosmetic skin packs) and even though it is ridiculous that day one DLC even exists the game itself is solid and very entertaining.
76561198014570714,Not Recommended,273350,14443824,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,COOLBREEZE,"I grew up in New York City so I've been robbed before, but at least that co.ck.suc.ker had the decency to bring a gun.I paid $60 bucks for this and I'm embrassed. I pre-ordered this game after the closed beta ended because I was certain that this game was going to be amazing, and simply put, it is not.  So, what's not to love about a 4 v 1 pvp game that's well balanced, beautiful, and has really slick gameplay? Well, how about that at the SAME TIME the game became avalible I was steam-rolled with the reality that my intial $60 bucks only bought me, pfffft i don't know, about 60% percent of the game.  If I happen to get drunk enough to want to toss even more money into the wood chipper, the $86 bucks worth of DLC's STILL WOULDN'T GET ME ACCESS TO 100% OF THE GAME!!!!As if that's not bad enough, there's still plenty of spots to find on the maps to fall through the world and die, which is strange cause there's no fall damage in this game. And this makes me wanna believes that the devs purposely left those glitches in there to f.uck with me. (I played a match with 3 other players that didnt know whether to s.hit or wind their watches when a wraith start face humping them so I was the last one left and right as the thing snatched me up we both fell through the world and somehow he died before me and we won the match. Dont me wrong, I loved what turned out to be free exp but for fu.cks sake.)Also, the load times between matches, are about 8 minutes long. (EVEN IF NONE OF THE PREVIOUS PLAYERS LEAVE THE LOBBY). I sh.it you not, I made a bagel and changed a diaper after a match, and made it back in time to catch the funny dialoge between the characters at the beginning of the next matchAnd then there's the variety issue. The ONLY thing you can really choose is which character you want, if you've unlocked the other 2 characters in the classes you're assigned to play as. And on the off chance that I do buy that $86 bucks worth of DLC thats waiting for me, I have the suspicion that I'll only be able to change the colors of the characters clothing and nothing more.Do yourself a favor, take the money you were going to spend on this game and get yourself a months worth of jiu jitsu training that way the next time some a.ss.ho.le come to take you hard earned money you can choke him into reconsidering his life's choices.If you do want to buy this game, wait a few weeks for the devs to hopefully fix the glitches left in the game."
,Recommended,273350,14441554,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Mutak Kuna,"It's a fantastic game with lots of replayability; tons of combinations for making a 4v1 different every time. The game itself is great, and with a good computer you'll have no issues. It's balanced well for a PVP game without making either side too over powered. Stability with network is the only issue I've had.Just wait for the $100 DLC to go on sale and you'll be fine. It's all aesthetic stuff anyway and doesn't actually affect the gameplay. Don't buy it if you don't want to; everything looks good without it anyway.THE BASE GAME ITSELF IS GOOD. DON'T LET ""DLC SIMULATOR 2K15"" COMMENTS DETER YOU."
76561198015663970,Recommended,273350,14471578,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Mister Sinister,fun repetative fun
76561198002904789,Recommended,273350,14441654,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Empyrius,"The game is fun and very interesting.Goliath is the most balenced it seems.Kracken is just a tad too strong in the right hands and too weak in inexperienced hands.Wraith is op in almost every situation,  almost impossible to chase, very mobile, very strong."
76561198072417026,Recommended,273350,14550709,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Bloodreigne,one of the best games i've ever played. evolve is a game where its monster vs 4 hunters on different maps and game modes. this is probly one of the fist games i've ever played were all the classes are good and fun to play. it is worth the buy and is really fun.
76561197964561540,Recommended,273350,14627811,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Sway Dizzle,good clean fun
,Recommended,273350,14474227,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Smuggles,"Pros:+Good controls, fluid movement,+Stable fps count (limited to 60FPS, can be increased via config file),+Aesthetically beautiful,+Witty banter between hunters helps pass the time during down-time,+voice acting is extremely good, and key audio calls during fights with the monster help players recognise attacks (e.g. when Goliath monster throws a rock, a hunter will call ""rock incoming!"", or similar lines),+A good number of variance in characters (3 of each class, including monster, with more promised in the future),+Slight customisation of characters available in the form of badges, which offer a slight to large boost to an aspect of the player's stats based on the level of said badge (only one badge can be activated during a match),+Single-player mode offers players a chance to test classes/characters against computer AI before taking what they have learned to multi-player,+Class preference taken into account for multiplayer match-making,+Quick-play mode (randomly selected game-mode and map),+Evacuation mode (acts like a mini-campaign. Players play 5 matches, spread over 5 days. The winner of each match is given a small beneficial map element, such as hunter-damaging mists or weak but problematic hunter drones, for the next day. The monster wins the skirmish if they have killed more of the focused colony than the hunters have saved, and visa versa),Cons:-No story-based campaign,-Cut-scene audio tends to stutter/lag (video is unaffected, however),-Mouse appears during gameplay/dissapears during menus (open/close toggling Steam Overlay fixes this, very distracting though)-Unlocking new monsters/class hunters involves playing the previous hunter/monster unlocked extensively. Good reason to play them, punishing if you don't like that particular character.-Versing experienced players (players who have played a particular class extensively) can be frustrating when teamed with/you are a newer player to the class.Mixed:=Matches tend to have decently large ammounts of down-time (I personally enjoy hunting phases, as I call this. Others may not agree),=Gameplay encourages hunter teams to stick together (primarily through the monster's stealth attack ability, which pins a caught player and deals constant damage to them until another player shoots the monster off. Same mechanic as L4D hunters). This adds more to hunting phases, but has the potential to punish teams with a newer player/s who don't understand why you can't stray far from others,=Numerous mechanics are not explained during tutorials (e.g. walking in water as the monster will not leave tracks/stop the tracking dog/beast Daisy from being able to track your scent for a short time. I personally enjoyed discovering ""hidden"" mechanics like this, but knowing and not knowing such mechanics will definitely cause a large gap in performance between new and experienced players).Other Notes:This game does have an in-game store, which as of this time offers cosmetic items (monster skins, hunter weapon skins) and an in-game season pass. These range from $6.99 for a monster pack (3 monster skins of a matching aesthetic) and $4.99 hunter skin packs (which supply a full set of matching weapon skins for all current hunter characters of a particular class) to $3 for a single monster skin and $2 for a single hunter character weapon skin set. There are currently no purchasable characters, whether hunter or monster, in the game (there are also no locked/hidden hunter/monster files in the current game build), however it has been confirmed that additional purchasable characters will be added to the game in the future. Some of these characters (such as a 4th monster) have also been confirmed to be in the planning stage of development.The cosmetic items offer no in-game advantage, save for looking unique, and are completely optional. Cosmetics are also unlockable by playing the game, so players who don't purchase them have no reason to feel they are going to miss out.Character prices are unknown as of this time, as they will be released at a later period. Keeping in mind that ideally a new monster would involve bringing the voice actors of hunters back into the studio to record new lines, graphics/modelling teams to work on several renditions of characters to bring them up to a high standard, etc. It does cost money to make additional character content, so in this sense it is reasonable that new characters do have a small additional purchase cost, although whether it is actually worthwhile to purchase them will depend on the final cost. New maps have also been confirmed, and will be free to all players.For anyone contemplating which version of evolve to purchase, there are a number of things you may want to take note on. Firstly, Australians seem to have an additional tax charge added to the cost via the steam store (if anyone can 100% confirm this, please do), which means shopping around for a cd key (from a reliable key seller) could be wise for anyone who want Evolve but can't justify the price (through researching I myself have found reliable key sellers who are charging as low as 51.99$ AUD before discount, as sighted onozgameshop.com).Purchasing the digital deluxe pack for the season pass is not economically worthwhile, and I reccomend from doing so. If you wish to get the season pass, the in-game store is charging $25 USD, as opposed to the steam store's $35 USD, meaning you would save money by purchasing the game, then purchasing the pass in-game. Personally, I would still advise against purchasing the season pass for the time being, simply because until the developing team announce new hunters/monsters, you don't know what you are purchasing.FINAL RATING: 7.5/10"
,Recommended,273350,14593699,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Seize,"Simply put, the greatest game I have ever played."
76561198117651379,Recommended,273350,14550658,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Zedrack,"needs a lot of work. its a fun and awesome game but... if you press shift tab to join a friend, the cursor wont dissapear in game. this makes the game very difficult and annoying. if your in a party you cant play as the monster either. this crap needs to be fixed NOW"
,Not Recommended,273350,21078503,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,[Gp] Zephy ??,No.
,Recommended,273350,12757114,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,#DickMuffin,"Je Zeus! I can't even say everything I want to say about this game because well.... It's Evolve! This game is so unique its not even funny. Everything about it, the great environemt with all the AI monsters is just super cool and well done. However it is the Alpha like everyone is saying, so there are bound to be some dissapoinments.. Duh.. BUT the overall game itself can and will be entertaing if the developers work really hard to keep you wanting to play. Cause right off the bat I noticed that I was loosing some attention, but thats with most games. If you can vary up the game, even the slightest bit people will continue to play. I highly suggest getting this game if the devs will contiune to work on this for the people. The price may seem high now for what the game has, but that was the Alpha. I had a godly amount of fun during the Alpha and would love to play again in the future with some more of my friends!!!!!!!!Most annoying thing that was actually kind of funny, was that the Kraken was so OP it was sad. Again it's and Alpha so..."
,Recommended,273350,12733696,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,RazorSlugg,"It was good for the time i was actually able to play, from the matchmaking issue when it first came out, to the various lost connections to the host. i know its an alpha and im sure(hope) they fix these issues because they where the only ones i really ran into. anything else i have bad to say about this game is just personal preference like having the matchmaking timer lowered to about 10 seconds."
,Recommended,273350,12733963,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Dinodon,"Have you ever played monster hunter series with friends? Have you played Left for Dead with friends? I have to say that Evolve is like a mixture of those games.It has a unique concept of 4v1 pvp.4 Hunters VS 1 Badass Monster.4 First Person View VS  1 Third Person ViewTHE HUNTERSAs the hunter, well obviously you hunt! You hunt down this 1 specific brain powered clever monster.Each hunter has a specific role that is vital in order to take down this one beast. Medic, support, assault and trapper.Track the monster down as fast as you can, and never ever give him a chance to get fat (and by fat i mean evolve to stage 3), cause he'll bring hell down on you.THE MONSTERThere are two ways to win as the monster. Kill all the hunter using your monstrosity, or destroy the generator that the hunters protecting with your monstrosity as well.Early in the game you must get as far away from the hunter and devour the many wildlife that you can get your hands on in order to evolve and get strong enough so you can face your opponent and take down that generator.*It has a quite nice graphics. (it might still be tough for a wooden pc)*Decent map size: Not to big not to small, evens the odds. It gives chance for the hunter to catch up with the monster and for the monster to run around. To scale lets just say it's like playing chase in the school.*Hostile Environment: Man eating plant, giant crocodile creature in a puddle of mud, scared birds, scavengers. This things actually provides variation of situation depending on how the match is played.*Balance & Competitive: The game is well balanced, The monster is defeatable even at their final stage, just need a good coordinated teamwork. A clever monster vs a well coordinated team is the key to a fierce yet awesome match.*You obtain upgrades/improvement (such as more damage, more jetpack fuel, etc.) after each match. Personally i think this could ruin the balance in the future. bigger lvl player will surely dominate. But on the other hand, without this the game might just be too dull and repetitive, this gives a meaning to level up. well people have their preferences*Price? Personally i think its too costly. But is it worth it? Keep in mind that this is a multiplayer based game, you need other player to play as well. usually less people are willing to pay for an expensive game, but looking at how the game is developed so far, i will have to recommend you to try it.."
77656119799330212,Recommended,273350,12751386,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Randomhat,"great game will be buying it for sureThis is one of the best games i have ever brought,looking forward to playing many many hours of this incredible game :)"
,Recommended,273350,14413009,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,pinegrein,I've never waited for a game to come out as much as I have this one. I actually even pre-ordered it because I loved the Betas so much. Worth every penny. Awesome graphics and gameplay. loads of fun and the game is always changing.
76561198028016198,Recommended,273350,14413622,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,holystorm,Pretty much one of the best games ever.
,Not Recommended,273350,24927999,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,flyjb,"I wasted $80 for this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥and now its ""free to play""?"
76561198022011936,Recommended,273350,14521448,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Rudeolf,Score : 7/10Fun but repeative.Fast online games and is very easy to understand the classes.
76561197986440760,Not Recommended,273350,24195371,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,NecroBlitz,"So , since everyone who didn't buy it now gets it for free. Can I have my money back?"
,Not Recommended,273350,14423917,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Malidala,"I tried a sample from this one pizzeria and it was pretty good, so later on I ordered a pizza. When it finally got here, there was only half a pizza and they said if I wanted a full pizza I was supposed to have ordered the deluxe pizza which wasn't on the menu when I ordered. They also decided they should hold my pizza toppings for ransom.I think I might just nibble a bit on the half a pizza I recieved and let the disappointment of my failed expectations ruin the flavor."
,Not Recommended,273350,24248901,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Mr.Caine,"Pros:- good concept (in the beginning)- fun varied monsters and hunters- all about skill and mastery with your character (in the beginning)Cons:- stage 2 practically stripped all of us players who bought their $100 founders edition and get in return some crapp in game coins (not even enough to get a hunter)- lost elite skins- lost achievements-lost evacuate mode- lost any and all stealth mechanics for the monster which was crucial for early stages- hunters buffed to ridiculous levels (we monsters are hulking towers of death, I should be able to kill them without struggling to eliminate one person. As hunters we are meant to be squishy and weak, thats why there is four of us against one monster.)turtlerock you have lost any respect of your ""devoted founders"" and anyone else who grinded and paid for their content"
76561198049360719,Not Recommended,273350,15132740,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,vyzzle,Great game until today when you have to pay to unlock the new hunters and monster. Won't be playing and supporting this game again until content is part of the $60 you pay for up front. I understand paying for cosmetics n skins or whatever but to limit the amount of core content out of a retail price game is just obnoxious. This type of market shouldn't be accepted. Hope this helps someone out before they're dissappointed and ripped off.
76561198126310449,Recommended,273350,15163840,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Sly,"I understand alot of people got mad about the dlc coming out before the game released,But your not forced to buy the dlc... you can have a ton of fun without it.more people need to give this game a chance!"
76561198004664109,Recommended,273350,17902534,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Minister of Chlorine,"The game is a lot of fun, but it does have some issues.  The biggest issue is the lack of a big enough player base.  It would help if TRS and 2K could make up their mind as to whether this game is meant to be an e-sport or just fun.  There are also some rather stupid limitations as to team mechanics, and who can play the monster.  They also need to drop the price for the base game to $20 permanently to stimulate player base growth.The biggest issue facing the game, however is the DLC debacle.  For a game at this price point, there is far too much DLC.  TRS has been great at engaging the community it has, and has been giving away free skins and such, but 2K is forcing way too much DLC on this game and it damn near killed the game before it even launched as a result.  While I get some of the backlash, I do think a small, very vocal minority started a huge storm over it and made it much bigger than it needed to be.  Especially when I would bet half of them have purchased most of the CoD DLCs.I hope that 2K starts offering deep discounts on this game and the DLC on a regular basis, because I don't see the game surviving much longer otherwise.  And that is a damn shame, because the game is good.  I've enjoyed it quite a bit, and have recommended it to a number of my friends.  It's not everyone's cup of tea, of course, but I enjoy the hell out of it."
76561198145298285,Recommended,273350,15245859,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Emma Watson,great game fun to play doesnt get boring im glad i bought it :D
76561198006482069,Recommended,273350,14441774,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Chronoreaper,"Decided to write a review as a couple of my friends asked me too, the game itself is very very beautifully done i myself have experienced next to no bugs and i never played the Beta, the abilities of the hunters can sync quite nicely with eachother such as Griffins harpooning and Hanks Orbital Beacon barrages, the monsters are very hard to take on even as a team so it adds a lovely challenge to the good gamers such as myself (more so if your playing against a bot in evacuation mode) i wouldn't listen to anyone who complains about the DLC most of them are poor or cannot see how much this game costs to maintain im doing a diploma in game developement and entertainment and i can tell you if they added the costs more you would be paying around 300$ for the base game alone and ontop of that most DLC is useless only one i have seen out of fifteen i looked at was useful and that was a bog skin pack for monsters, and those that complain about behemoth is that its a very powerful monster no'one wants to see every man and his dog playing that without earning it."
76561197991507550,Recommended,273350,15407728,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,mdg555,amazing game definately would reccommend
76561198008861007,Recommended,273350,14456666,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Blood.Wolf,"In my time playing thus far, have to say its a rather challenging and fun game to play and no two playthroughs are the same really. Always different paths to take and ways to go about winning the match. Only issue I come across as for the game itself is my own Computer Specs aren't quite up to par with it making it slightly laggy even on lowest graphics. So if you do choose to get this game. You may want to make sure your Specs are up to date.8/10"
76561198010603485,Recommended,273350,14459982,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,bee syrup,"For the most part, the reaction to this game is unnecessarily complicated for both sides. Yes, there is a crazy, borderline criminal DLC system. You WILL have to pay money to have more fun as the hunters. You WILL have to pay money to have more fun as the monsters. It's sad, yes. It's sad that the 2K felt the need to leach money out of those who already supported and defended this game. However, one must realize that DLC is DLC and for the most part, the DLC is purely cosmetic. Although frustrating, the DLC available in the store upon release is purely cosmetic/isn't implimented in the game yet. Yes, you can obtain skins in game rather than buying them. Yes, more skins are available if you purchase them. Coming from someone who has spent an embarrassing amount on DotA 2 cosmetics and still sucks♥♥♥♥♥at the game, I can confirm that cosmetics do not win games. However, it is fair to mention that all DLC maps and modes will be free and you will be able to play with those who have other DLCs such as monsters are hunters. Also, rumor has it that you will be able to play as the DLC hunters in custom matches with friends who own said hunters via the quick switch option between hunters. In other words, DLC will be strictly multiplayer.Now, aside from the incredibly contreversial DLC plan already in place, this game is fantastic. The gameplay is repetitive, yes. However, the repitition can be the most fun aspect at times. The desire to master your favorite hunter/class/monster provides a lot of replayability in and within itself. The mastery system forces you to change your game play to level up. Granted, it can cause you to inadvertantly grief your team; however, it does provide a dynamic way to change your play style on a regular basis.On evacuation: evacuation is honestly the pride and joy of this game. In retrospect, it's just a continuous string of multiple, singular games. In reality, it's an immersive game mode that yields different results depending on game outcome. You win a game, you get a map effect on the next game. You lose, you get a slight buff that helps even it out. In my opinion, evacuation mode counteracts the whole ""wow there is like 16 maps HOW BORING I NEED 100 RIGHT NOW BECAUSE I NEED TO SEE A NEW PLANT OR ROCK TYPE OR ELSE I'LL GET BORED."" Each map effect changes how games are played. Some map effects even change a map as a whole (the man eating eels, for example, transform any standard map into a the-ground-is-lava-type map that effectively rules out standard navigation of said map) or changes the gameplay of a game mode drastically (extra minions/extra colonists/extra food/ FLYING SNAKE THINGS/ FLYING ROBOT THINGS)Touching more on repitition, I find the game to be largely unsatisfactory unless you're playing evacuation (which will have its own section) or playing with a group of friends. The game requires teamwork to win as the hunters. That being said, a lot of randoms you encounter in games aren't exactly keen on providing communication or teamwork. Adversely, the monsters require knowledge on the enemy hunters and their strengths and weaknesses. The monster requires mastery and repitition and practice against hunters to win. Although, it is repetitive, it is in no way stale.On gameplay. Hunt is a cat and mouse game. Sometimes the cat is lazy and is really slacking on the whole chase part. Sometimes the mouse is feeling ballsy and will attack the mouse before it's eaten any cheese. Gameplay varies greatly based on playstyle/hunter comp/monster choice. I understand the argument that hunt mode is 70% chasing a ghost and 30% busting that ghost; however, one must understand that boring hunt gameplay is largely due to the experience (or lack thereof) the hunters. A bad trapper will never find the monster and create boring gameplay. A bad assault will never damage a monster enough to make late game fights fair and create boring gameplay. A bad support will think they're a secondary assault and won't do their job and thus create boring game play. A bad medic won't keep your teem alive giving the monster an advantage thus-- you guessed it-- creating boring game play.Play. With. Friends. Really. This game is infinitely better with friends who can laugh about how bad they are or communicate how great ther are. Goes from like a 6.5/10 to a 10/10 with friends. No joke.That being said, I enjoy the other games mode much more. Nest gives the monster the option to fight while weak but with minions or fight while strong without minions. Similarly, rescue is quite literally a confrontation between hunters and monsters every few minutes. It's different than the ever so popular Hunt mode and in my opinion, is more fun. However, people only seem to take hunt mode into consideration when judging gameplay.All in all, Evolve is a GREAT, FUN game with a HORRIBLE, GREEDY DLC plan. Pick your poison. Me, like the other 90% of the people who bought evolve at full price, would advise you to wait for a sale. I don't say this because the game is unfinished or not worth the full price; I say this because by that time, more content will be released and it's more likely your friends will buy it with you. It is a great game that, in my opinion, is worth the $60. It's a gaming experienced unparalleled by any game I've ever played. It's refreshing, inventive, competitive, intense, and an all around rewarding and fun experience. The only reason I could understand someone not wanting to buy this game, currently, is because of their strong convictions against DLC.PROS:+fun, inventive gameplay different from anything you've ever played before.+hours of arcade style gameplay+fast paced. action packed (unless abe is your trapper. lol that monster might as well be invisible)+rewarding mastery system+great way to pass time with some friends and laugh at how the kraken looks like the lobster from futuramaCONS:-DLC is kind of a stab in the back for a game that would be a literal 10/10 if it released it all for free-inexperience can sometimes make the game frustrating and unfun-solo can be a bit bland if you dont have someone to share the experience with-a lot of content (other the DLC ones) has yet to be released-a little buggy, but as to be expectedTLDR; It's honestly a fun and different game. Most opinions on DLC are uninformed/something they read on reddit. Still, DLC implimentations is kind of a douchey thing 2K did. Buy if you have friends who have it and want to mindlessly shoot a monster. Don't buy if you think spending money on a game is satanic ritual/ dont have any friends/ needs 100 different maps and 40 playable characters"
,Not Recommended,273350,24696455,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,nydoc,I payed 100 $ for this game. It is now free.what
,Recommended,273350,14507556,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,PRO-DAPL,was impossible to masturbate to.
76561198051514905,Recommended,273350,14508026,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Pbudz,"For me the game you get for 60$ is worth it and is really fun, so i can recommend it. However all this day one DLC and season pass is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and i won't be buying any of it."
,Not Recommended,273350,29169871,Posted: 10 January,all,Yarno,rip off
,Not Recommended,273350,28151547,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,[PHD] ProfessorDrMrMedicSir,Played it for a lil....meh.
76561198149263384,Recommended,273350,14426307,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,SpiceyGhost,Don't listen to these people who don't recommend it. This is a great game. This is an original game ment for single or mulitplayer play. It is an exhilarating hunt through dark forest with foriegn wildlife. There are great graphics and there is more to come with Evolve.
76561198038454512,Recommended,273350,12757787,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Deckard Cain,Get
76561198079650976,Not Recommended,273350,22816313,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,PICKEL RICC RAWR ECKS DEE,"At first I liked the game. Playing as the onster was one of my favorite features. Gaining strength the more and more you eat. And how the hunters must stick together and use their abilities and teamwork to take the monster down was a cool concept to me. But it didn't take long untilll I realised...There is NOTHING to do in this game. The objective for every game mode was to find and destroy either monster, eggs, generator, survivor or be locked in a tiny bubble arena. Online the only gamemode you'll be playing is Hunt. No other game modes seem to get voted in and a single newbie hunter can screw you over and a newbie monster willl give you an easy win. I bought the game and regret doing so. Also may I add that the DLC in this game if stupid."
76561198157296770,Not Recommended,273350,19886870,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,jak187,I bought Evolve and it just lagged so much so i deleted it and wasted 20$
,Recommended,273350,17287228,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Uruchat,I love this game on pc. I can't wait until they release nore content!
76561198146710442,Recommended,273350,17717802,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,JoeBiden,"Hate how this game failed... It's a really great game, the only problem is that the hunters overpower the monster almost all the time, but I view it as not winning, but as leveling up. I'd give this game a shot if you like it, or if 40 bucks is too expensive try it on a sale."
,Recommended,273350,16542648,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Napmonsterjax-Twitch,There are so many bad reviews on the game and how it has little content (it is repetitive at times) but i honestly love this game i find it very fun and time consuming i could easily get lost in this game (litterally the maps are huge) i highly reccomend getting this game i play with friends all the time and we love it for exmy friend lets say his name is jim well jim was playing the monster while me 2 of my friends and a bot (other random left)were all playing a game of hunt he was playing behemoth and he got to stage 3 and we thought we were screwed but my friend was playing crow so we were able to hunt him down right before he started getting his armor up right after evolving and tore his a** up and it was hilarious he thought he had won it and easily couldve if he had thought it through instead of evolving right then and there which was his mistake.to put it simply if u have some friends that like the game i highly reccomend asking them if they would like to play a few rounds with you if u bought it and most the time they say yes unless they are busy or just dont feel like playing evolve which is not ok (jk xD) but yah even solo it is a very fun game i havent had problems with the community everyone is cool and likes to work together to get the job done and it really makes the game that much more fun knowing ur fellow hunters got ur back esspecially when ur all hunting a stage 3 goliath (its a pain to kill) but it can be very fun if u enjoy the thrill you get while playing it so if u have the oppurtunity to get it i would highly reccomend buying this game it is very enjoyable. :Di definitly rate it 9/10 there are some improvements that can be made but its really worth playing
76561198087259474,Recommended,273350,17875786,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Lukep55,I like it I just dont have that much time for it. :/
76561198093732896,Not Recommended,273350,21573992,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Bumble,Not worth it
,Recommended,273350,14425639,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Philiiee Benkt Ironside,Hanks cookouts must be damn  good10/10 would eat a living eel
76561197972540761,Recommended,273350,14425032,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Dominic [O.o],Great game :) ignore the complainers...there having ago at day 1 dlc for bloody skins SKINS...not even game play / weapons/charcters...just VISUAL stuff.....jesus christ...get a life. or a job..either one.
,Recommended,273350,15258858,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,PLAYERUNKOWN'S CUCKOLD GROUND,"Game's alright, not too much content and everything is overpriced though.Notes:1) Rather fun once you've unlocked everyone2) Maps are free3) Newer characters aren't that great4) Monsters are pretty gud, but controls take getting used toWait for sales."
,Recommended,273350,12749029,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Dr Ymath,"Pretty fun game to play with friends, a bit pricey at 69.99 CDN though."
,Not Recommended,273350,24662170,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,STEALTHxKILLZ,"F2Pall of us that paid for the big package......got screwed out of our money....good job devs for taking our money and making your stupid lil ""we care about the game and making it the best we can""movie..... as far as me f!@# your game and never going to buy anything again from you crooks .Hope you evolve some sorta herpes"
,Recommended,273350,14430021,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Roll Fizzlebeef,The game is pretty fun. I just wish they had a better structure when it comes to DLC and $$$.
76561198125823027,Recommended,273350,14436992,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Seriousbuns,The game seems to be pretty awesome... but the game keeps just crashing and it is reallly making me mad..
,Recommended,273350,14429946,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,A Box of Doom,"Straight to the point this game is FUN. All the hate for this game revolves around the DLC being very confussing. But I personaly don'd care about that. I played this game in alpha, it was fun. Then beta, was even more fun. I played it on release and you know what, ITS STILL FUN!I've seen two off the wall complaints like ""OMG 2/5 monsters made for DLC just to make us pay more wdrfuihqwfuigsduyvfyusdfyug!"" The monsters are not even ready yet. And i have been digging for info on the 2 other monsters before the game came out and only found ONE video with behemouth test footage with a grey arena and with incomplete animations. ITS NOT DONE YET THEY ARN'T TRYING TO SCREW YOU OVER.  And the other argument is that you can only play the game in ONE WAY. And thets not the case, there are diffrent ways to play with each hunter. The Trapers for example have uniqe ways of tracking the monster whether its with there own little monseter or with sonar spikes or shooting tracers bullets into wild life so when the monster eats it they show up as an icon on screen. tactics change depending how you have your team set up. Have lazerus? welp you dont have any constent heals but you can come back from the dead! using Parnel? ROCKET JUMP FOR DAYZ WITH YO SUPER SOLDIER ABILITY!!!!! Using griffin? establish a leash law for the monster and hold him back from the couch so he dosnt get his fire breath on it.The last thing that made me raise an eye brow was that the community sucks. I havent found one nasty person yet in that game. Even in total defeat where we have been just trampled by the monster we just laugh and move on, maybe im lucky? could be.In the end its this. I love this game. I think its really fun. If you dont want to pay 60$ for this game then wait for it to be on sale or buy it from a diffrent site where it is cheaper. Do i think it was worth the money? Yes, I even bought a copy for my friend too. Am i going to get the DLC when it comes out? Already bought the season pass so yes."
,Recommended,273350,14665498,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,General Thrawn,well made to much dlc at to high a price
,Not Recommended,273350,23693036,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,iamjackslongassname,"I preordered this game so it could become a F2P? I hate these companies nowadays, with their microtransactions and launch day DLC. I will never buy a product made by Turtle Rock again."
76561198175787722,Recommended,273350,14652241,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,mattanti,it is a good and fun game but you need a video-card that is pretty expensive: NVIDIA-geforce
76561198090441084,Recommended,273350,14652906,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,coercer,BES GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,273350,14429993,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,BloodyRevy,"7/10 Pick this game up if you both enjoy a co-op hunting experience where you as a the hunter may become the hunted or a solo experience where you can go ham as a beast on an unfortunate hunting party. read more if you want to hear my own personal opinion on the current state of the game and it's business model and make an educated choice of wether or not evolve is for you.Enjoyable game, i hadn't played the beta or alpha and only played the full version, enjoyed every minute of it. Game mechanics itself are pretty fluid and the game performance seems smoother than most new releases on ultra settings out of the box (AMD GPU Radeon 7970GHZ x2 and Intel I7 3820 CPU 32gig 1600MHZ ram) though had to switch crossfire off due to no profile causing textures to flicker with it on.Game play as much being fun can at times feel a little rushed and less cautious than i expected the game to play out as the hunter while rewarding smart play as the monster. The game  visits many aspects of other games while still feeling unique in its own way, Especially if you play the monster, Hunters can feel a little less unique and other players in your game can make the game fun or rather frustraiting. The game as the hunter currently feels like you're forced to rush after the monster early game rather than play cautious just to stop the monster from evolving. Most teams in the game haven't seemingly been too fussed with killing wildlife for the buffs but i'm not sure if this is a design flaw or lack of team play and game knowledge.My opinion on the business model.At this point of time i don't understand why people are complaining so much as the maps are completely free inclusive of future releases where as most other games would force you to purchase map packs. Most of the complaints are about skins which are cosmetic and future released characters, a lot of games have been doing this for the past few years now.I suggest you do your own research on the DLC options before you decide if this game is for you, however i write this review for people to make an educated choice rather than jump at the bandwagon that seems to polute steam reviews with over exaggerated opinions. Game is a bit pricey for what it is being $80 USD for Australians for the standard game and probably would be better priced around the $60-70 range but i still feel was worth the purchase for myself as i do enjoy the game.I do think it's a downside that the future hunters and monsters locked to DLC but this has been the case with DLC or ""expansion packs"" way before this game, however the DLC characters will be able to play in games with players who choose to purchase only the standard game and visa versa, which is actually pretty excellent as people aren't missing out on true content as game modes and maps are accessible by anyone and won't cause issues to match making.TL;DR Enjoyable game, complaints about DLC are over exaggerated as all maps will be free and most content you are missing out on is cosmetic and some of the future playable characters. As much as i don't fully agree with that business model I find better than being locked out of maps or ""expansion packs"" as most games would."
,Recommended,273350,14425048,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Peridot,Great Game Highly recommend
76561198002976652,Recommended,273350,14418923,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Zoticus77,"First Impression:A fun game with a fun mechanic. Battles are tough and teamwork is aboslutely essential.It's not a cheap game at launch, but for me there's tons of value here compared to seeing a few movies."
,Recommended,273350,12754845,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Iraga,it was really good until i played as the monsterthen it was amazing
76561198074963655,Recommended,273350,12755343,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Placenta-Parachute,"The Evovle Alpha presented itself as an absolutely stunning visual, smash-face arena of delicous destruction. The play through for the Hunters feels smooth (save the server lag spikes *expected for an Alpha) and there is literally no downtime to worry about. From the moment you leave the ship to the moment you first encounter the Monster; the action is all around good.The Monster playthrough is pretty decent. As long as you can survive the first Stage of your Evolution, you're in for a good hunt. Just don't alert those pesky birds! Kill, eat and butcher until you're the least one standing (or flying).I would rate this an 8.9/10 for the Alpha launch and can't wait until the Beta and further to full versions are launched."
,Recommended,273350,14425870,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,OMEGA,"game exalent. but should not buy at 70$ wait till 50$ less a hert to the heartthere is missing the a stroy line, and that is the problem of next gen games, writers stop writing and pay more because programing is a profetion there for more $$$$$$$$$$$$"
,Not Recommended,273350,15019221,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,TPD,so bad dont buy it its so havy and in the game you cant have fun
,Not Recommended,273350,21015504,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,nameception,no!
76561198031859616,Not Recommended,273350,21621793,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,NaanBread,"Waste of money, not recommended at all, nothing left to support this game"
76561197971795923,Recommended,273350,14422532,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Fraculator,fps monster hunter
,Recommended,273350,21133491,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,SKΛTΞºʳÐ¡Ξ☠  [222],"I got it for about $7.50 and love it.  Bought 2 copies to play locally.If people don't like it, I know for a FACT they have crap a** PC's!!"
,Recommended,273350,14427934,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Krakkip,Pretending You're a Rock Simulator 2015
76561198082106321,Recommended,273350,17897015,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,TORRmtrooper,"love this game, BUY IT! looks beautiful, great design, awesome gameplay mechanics"
76561198240139300,Recommended,273350,17899207,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,chains is in a pickle,its awesome go get it
,Recommended,273350,14966297,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,ShellShock ︻デ═一 (PT),One of the most interesting fps of late 8/10 Recommend
,Recommended,273350,14965891,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Forsaki,"AT THE END IS THE RECENT HAPPENINGS WITH THIS GAME, ABOVE IS THE OLD REVIEW.I really enjoy this game despite all the negative reviews.I understand what some people mean when they say its repettive, no story, DLC everything.I pre-ordered this with the season pass bundle, and I don't regret it. It can at times get boring since it is the same thing over and over and I do wish they would put a campaign within Evolve. I like this game for what it is, 4v1 and I usually don't like ""PVP"" games but this one does it amazingly.The graphics are beautiful along with the detailed art design they put in the maps, the characters, and the monsters.Unfortunately, this game is basically dead. Has been since release and I really don't think the number of people playing it will increase unless the team comes out with better content.I can't say that I recommend this game, I want to and I would but a lot of people are disappointed about Evolve. It's your own opinion whether or not you will enjoy it. If you watched videos of people playing it, or played the Alpha and Beta version and liked it, I say get it.----SINCE FREE TO PLAY TRANSITION-----I played the living crap out of this when it went Free To Play, it was like a new game and it was being revived... then it slowly died out again. Especially so when the developers made it quits on it and refuse to continue working on it. They kept the servers up but it's only a matter of time before this game becomes buried deep within the soil and no one will remember it.Man, this was a great game. R.I.P. </3"
,Recommended,273350,12750337,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Merc,IM A MONSTER!!!! RAAWWWWRRRR!!!!!! THIS GAME IS AWESOME!!!!!!!! :DDDDDDDD
76561198178479517,Not Recommended,273350,24273031,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,cycc,"fun game , but paying 75 dollars or close to 80 for the game only to watch it go down hill , and then to see that its free when you wanted a refund , what a joke!."
76561197997941891,Recommended,273350,12732912,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,power_of_^5gay,fun ?ooooyeaaaaaagood co-op exp ? but loading.....
,Recommended,273350,14831058,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,{~SneakyPete~},"This game is absolutely amazing.  There's so much depth to the gameplay, so many different tactics to try with different hunters and different monsters.  It has great replay value - every match is different.  There is always something to do and enjoy in this game."
,Recommended,273350,14597494,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Silentsight88,"amazing game, dont let the haters ruin this game for you 9/10"
76561198094915645,Recommended,273350,14760085,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,GoldTheAngel,"Despite my gaming time on this (this review was written when I had 2 hours on Evolve), I found it to be quite fun. If the damn loading bar wouldn't stop 7/8 of the way to completion.Pros:GraphicsGameplay (Although admittedly a little repetitive)Banter between the charactersCons:Absurd amount of DLCOverpriced DLCNot enough content for 60 bucksProgression SystemWays it could improve:Cut all DLC or make all the cosmetic ones as a shop (Like the Mann Co. store in TF2) or at least lower the prices of all of them.Cut the game's price to $20 because right now, there's not enough content for $60Scrap the Prog. System because I have to use skills that I don't want to use just to level up my character.Do I reccomend it? Yes Why?1. We need more players on this.2. If you don't like the cosmetic DLC, DON'T BUY IT!"
,Recommended,273350,14423594,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Cynical Ploy,"So many people crying over DLC. 3 Monsters at launch, A healthy selection of maps, multiple game modes, 12 playable hunters. Any game these days will promise more after launch and 99% of the time its not going to be free. People need to not review a game based on Future DLC. The Day 1♥♥♥♥♥♥is nothing but skins, big damn deal. The game has had zero glitches for me so far, no crashes, no loading issues, nothing. Just butter smooth, fun gameplay.Awesome game so far and its very fun with friends. The only thing I will disagree with so far, is the inability to get selected as the monster if you are queued with friends.Other then that, it's a solid gameplay experience."
76561198077562238,Recommended,273350,14840093,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,jaan,Excellent asymetrical ballanced pure PvP game that egaged me to play both casually and really competative at times.
76561198121468353,Recommended,273350,14858333,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Zingling,"How you could not like this game is beyond me. Bugs are present, but design is superb. I really fell in love soon as I saw the first trailer. This game has brought me many hours since release, and I don't regret any of them. I feel that the content needs to be broadened, but I feel like this is an awesome game. I hope to see the community grow more. I look forward to hunting you(;"
76561198021453773,Recommended,273350,14857825,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,XplodingKranium,"This is a great and  fun game to play with and/or against friends. Expectations of the AI systems within a game like this are extemely low which is why the AI was quite a treat to enjoy. They move around the maps and play the roles better than most players do. This made it quite enjoyable to play with a friend in a ""1v1"", me playing the hunters and him the monster. Out of all the reviews I have read for this game, very few are actually about the game itself but the way the company has managed the game. To address this it can be said that I would prefer a company that takes time to invest in a game make sure it all works well and looks good. Yes there are a few bugs, which can be annoying, but how many developers create a hotfix that break more than it fixs? Too many. Turtlerock has taken the time to deliver fixes appropriatly while also working on new content. Necessary content to play the game are all going to be free DLC. There will be no cost to new maps, just characters and cosmetics. You are not ristricted in gameplay and have all access to what the game has to offer. If a character is released that you like then he/she/it could be purchased. The game also has a very limited unlock system. Once you play for a few hours there isn't anything to grind for leaving you with the core of the game. No restrictions to needing to get the next weapon or next level, its all about the gameplay. Which many say is repeatative, but in my opinion if a game like this is repeatative won't you expect whats coming. The pouncing monster, the wraith clone coming after you. If you play with a good monster or you try playing the moster this game is very far from repeatative and turns into a game of strategy and timing. Personally this game is way better with the competition between friends."
76561198104249958,Recommended,273350,15514476,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Matheson,This is my 1st review for years of gaming.. and i should say its worth every penny you put in it.
76561198053443426,Recommended,273350,14977406,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Pheonix {Shaman},"It is time to set these haters to rest my friends.  This game has had way to much unwarranted negative press and it is time to debunk the negative reviews and I will go over the pros and cons concisely without wasting your time.PROS:-Evolve is a great game.  It is exactly what it looks like, you teaming up with some friends or online homies and hunting down an uber-powerful monster in an epic showdown of teamwork, bravery, and reckless, unchecked crazy.  It is very satisfying to take down the monster as a team, especially when you and the monster are all down to no life and it's anybody's game.-Beautiful game... nuf said.-Character types are all very unique compared to each other, providing critical skills to support the team, and traditionally boring roles like med/support are actually some of the most in-depth-not-so-average characters they have.  All characters within each role are also unique, playing any of the medics followed by another medic feels like a complete gameplay change and is exciting, not just a skin change.-The grind is short, but rewarding.-Not pay2win-You are a freakin' beast tearing up people using cunning and skill, and thus feel very rewarded when you play a round with the monster.  Even when you lose it can be a satisfying round.-Great after game review!  The map is the best part, where you watch little dots run around signifying the position of all players throughout the game, and can see where the monster juked you, and how well you chased him down.-Looks like TurtleRock plans on giving us good updates and more content, they seem dedicated to the players, and hopefully remain this way for a while.-Nice and fair role picking system, no angry instalockers (shout out to LoL).  You rate you pick preference, and the game tries to do its best to make sure you play what you want to play.-The balance to this game is amazing.  Although the hunters start with and advantage, the monster certainly can win at lvl 1, and when the monster has the advantage at the end, the hunters can win.  There is nothing broken about any class, there is just skill and understanding when to strike, when to evolve, or when to run for your dear life.CONS:-DLC, I feel that some of it should have been included, or at least they should lower the prices, because they are pretty steep...-Some people are running into a loading issued which is EASILY solved within the game.  During the loading screen people get stuck, usually at like 95% (ikr frustrating), by turning off VSYNC in the advanced graphic settings, it solves this problem about 19/20 times.  Worth it to check your drivers too.-Addicting-Being the monster is jumping in the deep end for a particular kind of person.  There will be those who find it frustrating to have to fight against a team, while they are solo.  I think these people can learn to enjoy monster after playing the hunters and realizing how they work, their potential, and how they can be taken down.  Learning = better playing = happy :)-Because of negative reviews this game has suffered on potential player base, but I haven't found it much of a problem when trying to find games to join, so not too bad.  It is a sad fact though.In summary:Evolve is a fantastic game that is well worth your time, I hope if you enjoy it you can help write good reviews and beat down these haters.  The game isn't perfect, but what is?  All that matters is that it is a blast to play, and that it can only get better!"
76561198082653336,Recommended,273350,15039066,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Tommy Asian,THIS GAME IS AMAZING!!!!!!!
76561198037876318,Recommended,273350,15511878,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Empereur,"I like the game. It's a good game. Please play this game.I usually don't play multiplayer-only games, I prefer more varied story content. But this game is a charmed exception. I enjoy the matches, the tactical focus, the class-based system. I'm not reviewing the dlc releasing or pricing system, which admittedly suck, but the game is fun. If you have the money to play. People are always complaining about being put only as the monster, but I bought this game to hunt the Hunters. I rarely get cast as the monster, which leads me to conclude that it SEEMS like you get put as the one you want the least. I have experienced no lack in players, and all the battles have been balanced. I have won as many games as I've lost. I heartily reccomend this game to anyone who can afford it."
,Recommended,273350,14962020,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,The Master,"Evolve.You run, you eat, you power-up, you fight.You run, you track, you power-up, you fight.Evolve is a really great  game, both visually and the play dynamic itself. You are on a team of four hunters, each of whom is under-equipped to battle with the Monster whom you are hunting. You must work together as a team to take it down. If you are the Monster, then you must evade the hunters to powerup and evolve into a more powerful form so that you can destroy them or the Power Relay.There are other gamemodes, each of which brings different strategies into play for each character, be they monster or man.But, in the end, you have a battle between the Monster and the Hunters and it is in that battle that the fun of the game is. Trying to outsmart and out gun the other side."
76561197999778198,Recommended,273350,16691378,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,TheTabooSun,"I would argue that this is the best game out right now.  However, the pricing model turns people off hard, so there are only some 600 people who play at any given time.  2K basically screwed itself.  Well, hopefully 2K goes bankrupt and all the programmers go to some other developer that doesn't hate its customers."
,Recommended,273350,18912144,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,hardcore soviet baggotry,"Great, great game. Repetitive as no ones business and great for LAN Parties. If you buy this game, make sure you have friends who play it, as no one plays online (I dont care about this aspect, as i dont play online, but I have friends who play it), and no, you DO NOT have to buy DLC to be a good player. Of my 28 hours, i have only encountered one glitch, it was in single player, and it caused me to win the match. I have had  a lot of fun in this game and I think this is my most played game on steam, second being the Metro games. DO NOT buy just for the  online multiplayer, as the playerbase is mostly extinct. Great for LAN Parties, Not for Online."
76561198139468846,Recommended,273350,14966380,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,ItzBuck,super fun ! 40 hours in more to go !
76561198180146407,Recommended,273350,14601920,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Flyest,fun game
76561198163339989,Recommended,273350,19297606,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Swaguette,"This is a great game that does not get the love it deserves. The only reason people hate the online mode is because they get matched with horrible people. After a few major updates and patches, the system is much more balanced and not as glitchy. I had several boot issues with the game but its easy to fix by looking it up. Once the fan base grows, this game will be even better. And the DLC charaters are not really over-powered any more. each has a rating now on how easy or hard they are to play and it gives new players a good idea on where to start."
,Recommended,273350,14545802,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Brascus,"I want to start off by saying the first time I sat down to play this with my friends, we played for 8 hours straight.  I don't really remember the last time I did that.The teams are well balanced, which is quite impressive given the default 1v4 setup.  The feeling of trampling hunters as the Monster is quite satisfying, but is counteracted by the first stage or two of the match by the feeling of being hunted while your are vulnerable.  Likewise, the thrill of hunting your prey as the Hunter starts to diminish into despair as the creature steadily gets more and more dangerous.  Regardless, at no point do I feel like the fight is hopeless and I should just give up.The characters themselves are well done as well.  Despite being part of the same class, each different hunter has varying abilities that change their approach to filling that role.  This gives you great variety in how you deal with each situation, and gives you more options to make sure you have fun no matter what role you are filling.Now all this said there are a couple of drawbacks.  I'm sure I'm not the only one that feels this way, but for me, games like this are only as fun as the people I can play them with.  Playing solo with bots just isn't as satisfying as playing with your buddies.  If you don't have a few friends you can jump into a match with, this may not be the game for you.  The other draw back is the DLC.  Most people that have rated this game poorly did so because they disagreed with the nickel and dime approach that 2K and Turtle Rock seem to have implemented.  While I do dislike the way they seem to be trying to money grab with this, I feel if you simply don't buy the DLC that sends a pretty clear message.  Most of the DLC is just alternate skins for the monsters, or hunter weapons, so they make zero difference to the game play anyway.In summary, I would absolutely recommend this to anyone looking for a fun coop experience.  All of the Pros outweigh the Cons and it comes together into something that is not quite like anything else out there."
,Recommended,273350,14842772,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Delcan,Great game! Can be a bit repetitive at times but I think the community keeps the game alive as well as the extra treats that the developers throw in (I'm really liking those gold skins btw) :)
,Recommended,273350,16156112,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Rakanishu,i dont understand why people dont like this game and complain about it. its an amazing game especially when you have friends to play it with. the DLC isnt even required its all cosmetic excluding the new hunters and monster but even so the new hunters and monsters are not a pay to win but they are nice to have. but still. the game is really really fun and it will take time and support to make even better. you guys can complain but im going to continue to support this game.
76561198098873145,Not Recommended,273350,24271965,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,L0RD0FTRR,"overall bad game leans to much on providing aid to the assault class, doesnt provide acomplishment when your another class as you do miniscule damage to the monster and your abilitys are bad."
,Recommended,273350,16918193,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,owen746,"I am basing this review on the actual gameplay, graphics and story of the game rather then all the DLC and season pass stuff.Although I will add I am not a fan of the way developers make games were you are required to purchase DLC to get the full enjoyment from a game. I believe games like Skyrim have the right idea were you can further your game with mods free to download and extend your game time far beyond just the campaign and side quests.All that a side this is a really fun game, visually really stunning, the enviroment looks really crisp on High settings and plays really smooth with no lag what's so ever. I found it really enjoyable either playing as humans or the monsters both online or just with bots.Now I don't know how I would have felt buying this game at full price as I purchased it in the sale for less then £15 so I feel I got a good deal."
76561198180053731,Recommended,273350,17870147,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Centallin,"this game is amazing, good concept, good gameplay and amazing boss fights, they might wanna work on the social aspect of it tho, seeing as you cant chat with anyone unless you have a mic and or your in a game on the same side, good game id 8/10 :)"
,Recommended,273350,18366650,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Chet AwesomeLaser,"Despite it's obvious flaws (server issues, lag, a more or less failure to train new players) the game itself is awesome. The moment to moment gameplay, the variety of characters and monsters all speak of a much deeper world. Visually the game is breathtaking, easily some of the best character designs I've seen in a game in a long time. But we all know visuals don't make the game.It's when you get into a match with people you can communicate with does the game truely shine. Or, if you prefer to go at alone, the monster requires at certain finesse that once you get, becomes a thrilling game of cat and mouse. The game is certainly not for everyone, catered to a more patient player, as opposed to the run and gun mentality that modern military shooters seem to promote. Unfortunately, when playing as a hunter team, if you can't/won't communicate and coordinate with your fellow hunters, defeat is all but certain. That is simultaneously it's greatest strength and it's greatest weakness. When well coordinated, a hunter team can give a good monster player a run for it's money, and the dynamics of the teams classes work well with one another.However, if you go into a hunter team unwilling or unable to work with your team, you will be the weak link that will ultimately break your team. You can't go into a game expecting your team to carry you to victory. Every class is required to fulfill it's role and work with their team in order to secure a win.Now to address the elephant in the room. The DLC, the pricing, etc. I can't blame TRS for the decisions made by 2K, so I can't judge the game, the game play, on their publisheres buisness decisions. That being said, I think that the game suffers from a steep learning curve, a large price of admission, and not much in the way to explain to players why they won or loss. If the game was a bit more transparent in some of it's inner workings, then people may have an easier time understanding what they can improve upon to improve. And that I feel, more than anything, is what drives people away. The matchmaking is also incredibly confusing, and while it sucks that people have a hard time finding a match, that is probably largely due to the small player base, which only further reduces peoples enjoyment of the match. It's an unfortunate downward spiral, since once the match starts the real game begins.So as a game in and of itself, I love it. I just wish that more people gave it more time, to understand it's more confusing (and admittedly frustrating) mechanics. The game was built with a certain mentality of play in mind, and doesn't explain it well to new players. But once you get past these hurdles, you have yourself a game that rewards teamplay, communication, and the joy of competing with a powerful monster to the death.But that's just my $0.02"
76561197963500866,Recommended,273350,20363783,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,MechWithAMouth,"It a fun game with a pretty good community.  Having a mic is definitely a necessity, but with the free variations that have come out so far there is a vareity of free content for those not interested in buying the DLC.  Note: The DLC doesn't limit your ability to play with/against other who don't have it.  It just means you can't play those individual characters."
,Recommended,273350,20434585,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,abysskiller,When if you want to play an extreme co-op dont hesitate buy it now !!
76561198087080598,Recommended,273350,20645732,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,iGyu,"This is a great game and i have been watching it for a while and i could spend days playing it, but the 1 major downfall is the DLC. I could understand $10 or $25 but $250 is insane. This game would be 100x better if the DLC was free. Especially since he game is $40. I do not recommend buying this game unless at least all the characters and monsters are free upon buying it, i also hope those who did buy characters/monsters get refunds if they become free."
,Recommended,273350,20459420,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Bloody_Quinzel,"A really fun game can get old if you play all the time tho, I still don't get why people really hate this game tho either."
,Recommended,273350,20737072,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,HoosierBehemoth,Interesting mechanics with a great amount of replayability. Devs host community tournaments every week or a community always making me come back. Who recommend definently.
,Recommended,273350,14413279,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Tiny Dick,"An amazing game, definately worth the money!"
76561198012009684,Recommended,273350,14444439,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Vansmith,meh its cute.
76561198100412031,Recommended,273350,14430290,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Phoenux,"Summary; From a Game viewpoint, it's fantastic. From a Business viewpoint, it's irritating.A fair review for this game as a game and nothing else is almost non-existent. The game is awesome, great pameplay, visuals, yadi-yadi-ya. Even the people who don't recommend this game say that as a game it is really good. All of the complaints seem to revolve around the price and that there is already DLC on Day 1. Which, I can understand the ""Don't sell me an incomplete game"" feeling. I don't however think that warrants giving this game a bad review."
,Recommended,273350,14473686,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Zrinas,Phenominal! Although the wraith could use a damage nerf I feel this game is the type of game you never get bored of. It has a vast array of goals to complete as well as the ability to make your own. Being able to choose and discover who you are good with is always a nice touch and I feel like this game will never get old! Well done!
,Recommended,273350,12754284,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Howie McGowan,"Incredibly innovative asymmetrical 4v1 concept, but not much content to supplement it. Basically one game mode with only one proper strategy that becomes stale after a while. Plus, it takes good team communication to perform well, so that rules out pub matches. With a group of 3 or 4 friends, this game is incredible and I highly recommend it, but otherwise expect repetitive gameplay with only short bursts of intensity and fun."
76561197999542230,Recommended,273350,12744485,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,BFG 9000,AWESOME ! some one buy me this game
,Not Recommended,273350,14423427,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Boose,http://puu.sh/fK84H/67678d0086.jpg
,Recommended,273350,14630750,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Xerʘ,"This is one of THE best games i've probably ever played, yes it has its problems but it's a pretty new game which isn't un-natural. To the people narking how the games bad and isn't balanced and how skins aren't worth it, Then don't buy the skins? This is NEW game that has huge potential and changes will hopefully be made. This game can only go up from here."
76561198073099610,Not Recommended,273350,24175787,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,DaPERK.AC,"So far i have que'd up 3 times. spent about 40-60 mins in loading screens and 5-10 in game. The ""rewards"" for owning the game prior (including DLC owners) are very lack luster. I feel they now owe the backers prior to F2P now more than ever. Not a fan of this new ""stage"" of Evolve, even tho im trying to be. The first 150 hours of this game for me was amazing.. then they starting breaking things and selling season passes that took longer than anyone expected to produce all it's content. Also, going F2P means more dead loading screens due to peoples general lack of decent hardward. Siege isnt cheap at all and id rather play that. so it isnt just their marketing, tho before this there was no unlocking people so maybe Siege is cheaper in that aspect. There are better games with more passionate Devs out there, so id recommend to give this a try but dont expect any better of a feeling than before. Even more so with all ranks/ lvls/progression reset. Anyway, a great memory but like an Ex I remember why I left her everytime I see her."
,Not Recommended,273350,25117809,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,FG-James,still terrible still want a refund.
,Recommended,273350,14431083,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Yosinuke,"Pretty good game, it is a big fun with friends. Very well balanced."
76561198024974889,Not Recommended,273350,30212236,Posted: 26 February,all,madwolfe,"Pretty mediocre, didnt hold my attention long"
76561198040675141,Recommended,273350,14433806,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,MAROCTHEBOW,"Played both betas and still enjoy playing evolve today, now if your the type of person who likes fast-paced action games then I wouldn't recommend it as it's more like a hunting game cross over with a arena type shooter with the hunting being most of the game (what is fun due to wildlife attacks, having to outsmart the monster player to catch up and feeling that you don't have much time left to hunt it down). Now you may see all of the reviews saying no to this game because of the ""dlc"" (what isn't pay2win or extra items, all it is are just skins.....) and funny thing I do support people who hate this marketing however this game is isn't the cause of it, it shouldn't get bad reviews because of the ""dlc"" as many games already has done this type of marketing before (Payday, CSGO, COD and battlefield, they are also games what you have to pay for and there's day one  ""DLC"" what basically are just skins on day one) and they don't shouted at (some of those games costs ever more then this one). Another thing is that 2K took just get rid of Turtle Rock and won't do anything more about people hating day one ""dlc"" what isn't anything gamechanging as their just skins, Turtle Rock also said we would get free maps like TF2 in updates so I just don't understand why people are being jerks to Turtle Rock (plus 2K is the reason for this DLC not Turtle Rock -_-) for ""making"" us paid more. If you want this ""dlc"" to end go to 2K their selfs and not Turtle Rock as they are not the ones who controls this marketing, so in the end I recommend this game if your the type for co-op, stealth, being a creature and hunting animals.P.S I do support the people who hate these types of marketing however you guys are attacking the wrong people and also the price of this game in my country is £5 less then most newer games costed (so if this is true for all other countrys then people who saying the price is too high haven't checked the prices for new released games have they or it's mistake for pricing in my country)."
76561198117923822,Not Recommended,273350,25807606,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Blood Must Have Blood,I LOVED this game so much when on console and thought it would be even better on pc then once I got a mac I was so exited to play again and i cant.... I would love for this game to come out for mac since I bought it and can reutrn it it would be much more fun to play it.... please
,Recommended,273350,12732601,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Bodmontopshotta,Time passes by so fast while playing this game. 2 thumbs up 2K. Can't wait to have the full game in Febrauary.
,Recommended,273350,12785326,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,RickSentinel,"I've played the 'Big Alpha' with a friend, and I've also seen some reviews before writting mine. I have to say that I really liked tha game and I'm planning on buying it, however since it's only an alpha you can get a taste of the basic general experience, but (I hope I'm right when I say this) that's not all the content the game will have:1 - On the opening cutscene you get at the beginning of every level (as a hunter) the hunters' lockers appear with their names on them, and some of the names are blurred which maybe could mean more classes for hunter in the future. And I imagine there will be more monsters as well, even with the kraken being OP as it is, it was fun to diversify the experience.2 - The gameplay may be quite repetitive due to lack of content (keeping in mind it's an alpha and it's not supposed to have all the content right away), but it sure isn't always the same, because the matches are played against a player controlled monster every player will have their abilities and strategies to survive, evolve and kill the hunters.3 - I would assume that new maps will be available later on, maybe a kind of rainforest planet to make things more colourful and have lots of places to hide as a monsters, or to place/hide traps as a hunter. However the maps available on the alpha where very nice and somewhat diverse to me, I often found myself wanting to play on a map that had a swap area different from the rocky hills I was in, just to find out it was the same map. Yes, I thought the maps would be bigger, but again, after playing on them for a while I still think they are quite big, at least big enough to allow the match to be a good length in my opinion (around 15 - 20 minutes).4 - I said that I played the alpha with a friend, and it was pretty fun to do it, in a few matches we played around with the different classes (and the monster when we weren't in a party) and found the one(s) we liked the most, with their weak and strong points as well as their skills unique for each class. I have to say I was quite disapointed when I wasn't able to play a match as a monster because I was in a party (I understand that people could exploit this to level up quickly), but I think there should be at least a custom match that didn't give any EXP or rewards just so I could play with, let's say, four friends playing as a hunter while I'm a monster taunting or theathening (as a joke obviously) them in voice chat.5 - The game is $60 right now, and I would not pay that for the game I played, which just to remind everyone was only an alpha, but it's the standard launch price for retail games, and I expect that by the launch date, the game will have more features (and honestly, a better menu interface). As I said before I didn't buy the game just yet, but I'm planning on buying it, however I will also wait for more content reveals or sneak-peaks to be sure before buying it.That was a pretty extensive review compared to the ones a usually make, but I thought that I had to say that, and I hope I didn't forget anything important."
,Recommended,273350,14581420,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Connish,"People not understanding the DLC... ITS ALL COSMETIC. The game is fantastic,  just hope that TRS don't publish via 2K and their terrible marketing department next time. Overall, great game, 10/10, would recommend again!"
,Recommended,273350,14453706,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,CosmicChicken34,"Game is pretty much MEH! Trust me if you and 4 other friends want to have some proper fun. Buy this game! if you dont like boring, repetitive, over priced, dumb ai BULLS*** then DONT buy this game....+Fun to play alone and with friends+Excellent voip quality+amazing graphics set to ultra although you should update the requirements because i can run on ultra 1080p at 60fps with a msi radeon 270x 4gb edition and a amd fx6300 stock speeds.+intense matches-Dumbest AI ive play with/against like seriously maggie never deploys her dome, hank never shields, val never heals, daisy just sits there and stares at the monster when she finds it.-gets very stressful when the hunters are on your a** constantly which can be unfair.-very repetitive-kraken is op as f***-wraith is too squishy-goliath too bloody slow-THE PRICE IS DREADFUL-takes forever to unlock wraith which is a disapointment anyway when you get to it-oh and hanks mortar thing is just stupid, take forever to call it in and when you HAVE called it in. THE STUPID MONSTER RAN OFF CUS HE CAN SEE IT!!!!!!-DLC IS POINTLESSAnyhoo I myself genuinly enjoy this game......as the hunter that is...cus their op as f***....monsters arent apart from kraken..which then you will win every match cus the hunters CANT CATCH THE DAM THING CUS ITS FLYING AWAY CONSTANTLYI will update if i can think of any other disapointments"
76561198106152586,Recommended,273350,17993059,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Cara<3,My computer Graphics Card is not good at all btw im playing with low graphics still have fun in this game hope you guy enjoy :)
76561198037944698,Not Recommended,273350,24243862,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,RedSparrow,"what??? why is my level is 1 after update ""stage 2""?????? where is all my save progress & skills????? i bought this game several mounthes ago... oh man.. feel cheated.."
76561198107661265,Not Recommended,273350,20215428,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Aurell Faux,"I used to have a life motto 'no regrets', I preordered this game.... My motto has now changed, I now have one regret."
,Recommended,273350,14455226,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Bill Nye The Science Guy,A great game to play with friends and by yourself.  Allthought you should probably wait until it goes on sale
,Recommended,273350,14455130,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Opticore,"like playing cat and mouse, except when the mouse eats cheese he buffs up and eats you"
76561198040897615,Recommended,273350,14446218,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Skytonic,It's ok
76561198050569293,Recommended,273350,14455195,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Zerowulf,a solid fun game 4 v 1 but were the 1 can kill the 4theres plenty of variation between the classes and the chracters as they all play differntly and have unique dialouges with each other befor sky diving down to find the monsteri would recommend this game and even more if you have friends to play it with as its a team game since everyone has there roles to playno complaints about the dlc as you can just get the seeason pass for the extra monster and humans the skins dont do anything apart from visualstheres a nice arrangement of perks and you level your profile aswell as your characters which once u level a character you can unlock a skin for them to show off your love for that character
76561198069287045,Recommended,273350,14445348,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,ajv941,"I really wanted to like this game. I REALLY did. Like really. I donated around 92 cents to kickstarter. I'm told that with that kind of money I could've fed a homeless man for an hour, or saved one of those brown children for something like a day. I looked forward to this game so much in early access, but much to my and my community's dismay the developers didn't listen to us. They ACTUALLY kept the name ""Evolve"". Evolve?! I mean sure evolution is fictional, but its not SCIENCE, so why is it in a SCIENCE fiction game when it only meets half the criteria? Outrageous!Now, don't get me wrong the game is fun. And pretty enough. And it has some nice level design with 4 different game modes with a variety of maps... and (free) unlockable skins... and also there's something cool about a fast paced boss fight brought more to life with the aspect that the boss is controlled by the player (if played online)... - but, BUT let's not forget the core of the EVIL here: ""EVIL""-ution! Not only do the monsters in this game ""evolve"" up to two times in a game, the game's own tool tips tell you ""not to question things"" that it's just """"science"" that's why"". THIS GAME IS TRYING TO BRAINWASH YOU!With all of this in mind, one can only question what the DLC blunder is really about. To start just look at their shady tactics. Sure, sans title the game itself is worth 60$, however like every game you can buy individual content added later on selectively... But wouldn't you want to bundle everything up and save 5 dollars with the season pass? Sounds like a nice deal right? Sure, IF YOU'RE THE DEVIL! Because what is all of this money for exactly? Is it to add more content like maps/game modes EDIT:(cough), as well as extra titans EDIT: monsters/hunters, OR have they had those things made all along? Is this little more than a common sales tactic sneakily calibrated to bypass sensibility and inflation which exploded in their faces when they said outright that it was actually a common sales tactic calibrated to bypass sensibility and inflation? Or are they actually trying to raise money for: the liberal homosexual pedophilia pre-marital-sex agenda? The falsification that Our Lord And Saviour was some kind of BROWN? SATAN?! All that I know is that I can only pray for these forlorn souls at Turtle Rock studios to do the right thing or hope that their souls ""evolve"" to withstand THE FURY OF TEN MILLION AEONS OF RIGHTEOUS FLAMES!If this opened your eyes then I highly suggest you congregate your browsers to your friendly Landover Baptist, and if none of this has gotten through to you then MAY KARMIC JUSTICE SMOTE YOU DOWN LIKE A STAGE 3 KRAKEN BOLT.Pastor Poots, ""pooting"" the P in White Powa! EDIT: Brown genocide EDIT: --- PRAISE HIM!In the hands of something greater than myself, MS"
,Recommended,273350,14588879,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Whitewolf,"Comprei o jogo no ínicio da pré venda e esperei ansiosamente pelo lançamento. O jogo é exatamente o que eu esperava; sem pontos negativos, ao meu ver.Jogabilidade ótima e gráficos lindos."
,Recommended,273350,14592762,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Bobby,:)
76561198135269049,Recommended,273350,14473062,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,pedalien bot 21,"I love Evolve. If you are interested in Science. Such as Creatures, and how the body works (Hence Science in Evolution of Creatures) then I recommend this game for you. Its a type of game that has never been done before in years! Its totally uniqe, and its the first game to have the Boss (A.K.A. Monster) actually be controled by a player. The game is beutiful, and runs pretty well on mid to beasty computers. The models of the monster and weapons are beutifully done. I have bought this game before the release date, therefore  getting a pretty good deal on getting the Fourth Monster for free when its released. The only down side about this game, is some of the physics and that this game only runs on 64-bit computers. So if you plan on buying this game, make sure your computer can actually run the game, and that your computer is 64-bit. I wish Turtle Rock Studios can please make an effort to try to have Evolve to be able to run on 32-bit computers, and work on the physics a bit. Otherwise, this is probably the greatest game I have ever played, and recommend it over COD Advanced Warfare!"
76561197979777078,Recommended,273350,14474245,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,CoyoteTheClever,"Politics about DLC and such aside, it really is a fun game that is quite well-made."
76561198041006307,Recommended,273350,14594086,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Jeymina,"I recommand this game a lot.About 60 hours on it and still fun, fresh, beautiful and I take pleasure to play.Lot of fun, just take it :3"
,Recommended,273350,14454429,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Egg Shen,"This game is pretty gosh-darn fun.  Lots of customization options for playing as Hunters or the Monster, both functional and cosmetic.  Pace of action is fast, and the combat is excellent.  Graphics are wonderful - but make sure you have a higher-end PC or you'll lag.  The scenarios that are currently in the game are well-made so neither side really has a huge advantage once you know how to play.  Hopefully they'll add more game modes down the road.The only downside (and I'm not entirely convinced it is a downside) is the price tag.  Sure, it's expensive, but keep in mind the price tag excludes thousands of screaming kiddies whose parents will never shell out $100 for a game for them.  So the expense of the game is a double-edged sword, really.  It really is nice to play a game without the shrieking squeakers."
76561197969907953,Recommended,273350,14455531,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Bammsee,"Played this game for a while, don't care about the price/dlc♥♥♥♥♥♥ don't care about it being repetative. I have enjoyed it from the first day, of course it does become repetative but so did l4d and I enjoyed that game alot played 300+ hours or so. Love the sounds of the game, the monster really feels powerful when it screams from the other side of the map as it evolves to stage 3. You really have to work togheter to catch the monster in ""hunt"" mode. The monster is pretty hard to catch before the player controlling it wants to fight. The feeling  *oh we almost had him* as the mobile arena comes on and misses is what makes me want to continue playing. It triggers the competitor in me. Also the monster aint that easy to kill even at stage 2 and it packs one hell of a punch if the hunters don't cooperate.I really enjoy the maps, they are perfectly sized, not to big not to small. The monster can hide and flee but you can still find him without spending ""hours"". Perfect if you don't have alot of time and only want to spend like 10-15 min. You can also play the longer game mode called evacuation och something. It is 5 days with different game modes. (Rescue, Hunt, Egg hunt and Defense(is it called that?))The game is best played with atleast one friend that you can talk to and it really contributes to the cooperation that I love about this game. I would not be able to see myself playing this alone for a longer period of time since it's all about cooperation. Also there is no real story or campaign.Pros:Great audioPowerful feeling as the monsterFun character kitsGood sized mapsGood duration on gamesCooperative gameplayCons:RepetetiveKraken is ♥♥♥♥ing op in defense mode.Need friends to make it fun"
76561197970725526,Recommended,273350,14455721,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Cows,Get it
,Recommended,273350,14416581,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,kobihr,Well its fun!
,Recommended,273350,19204089,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Link,
76561198073306693,Recommended,273350,15692330,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Gozzer,"love the idea, the game is a lot of fun but a good story mode wouldn't hurt and the DLC are a bit expensive but there are sites that sell it for cheaper and overall the game is a lot of fun. the game can get a bit repetative but personally for me it took a while for that to happen and i still go back to it every week."
76561198148880147,Not Recommended,273350,31744873,Posted: 14 May,all,RayCray47,"you want my honesty? i paid a full 60$ when it came out.....and i was going to refund it for 1 reason, took damn near 30mins to an hour just to find all players just to play a game, but i f***ed up and gave it a chance,then it died.....then they made it free and guess what? no refund,  nothing just a stupid name they give us ""founding fathers"".....but hey now atleast theres actully people to play with, oh and its like playing hide and seek with an evil clifford all day can get kinda boring tbh but thats just me."
,Recommended,273350,15180183,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,-| KAT |-,"If you think being a monster is easy, Think twice."
76561198115923823,Recommended,273350,15705343,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,NoScopeSanic720,love the game but cant play it because everytime i go into a game with my friend the screen freezes on me the black bar stops moving then i have to close the game so the only time i played it was the start and thats it
76561198047478452,Recommended,273350,15771672,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Vinimin,"As I read the comments, I really just don't understand if you say ""No one is playing"" then play? The community is small, but the more you play, obviously the more people will be on. You are the community, Not just other people. This game is great is both aspects. Your team has to have good coordination in order to beat the monster. Sometimes it takes a couple of games to realize other peoples play styles. I enjoy this game very much so and I intend to continue playing despite what others think. I think everyone needs to stop looking at the negatives of things and look at the postivies, You've laughed, you've cried, it's called life. So enjoy it while you can."
,Recommended,273350,15129051,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Hank Uleur,with the new hunter season pass dlc the hunter are awesome the new monster looks badass the graphics are amazing the ambiance is spectacular!!! it's worth the price
76561198084143207,Recommended,273350,14778144,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Arrekusu,"Bit confused about the hate on DLC - if you don't want skins don't buy!The game is plenty fun without! AI is very clever, plenty of players online haven't struggled finding a match so have no idea what people are maoning about!Get hunting!"
76561198037580591,Recommended,273350,14780804,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Sylverthane,"Played it for about a week now and I do like the game very much.  A fresh of breath air when it comes to the online multiplayer shooter genre.  I recommend the game, however there are some high points and low points, some of which may be a deal breaker for some people.  Here's a breakdown of top 5 pros and cons.PROs:1) Great asymmetrical 4v1 gameplay2) Good graphics, sound and character design3) Varied selection of skills and weapony4) Good selection of characters and monsters to play and master5) This game is really fun when the CONs below aren't bothering you too much...CONs:1) Too easy to find the monster - tracks, tags, dust, sounds, etc.  Thus the game always is the same at the start... run and hide and eat.  *yawn*2) Character and monster progression is tedious...  you will always lose to whomever  you play at level 1, sometimes at level 2 and finally at level 3 things even out3) Multiplayer character/monster selection is broken.  And getting dropped into an already existing (and half-lost) game as a random player's character sucks. It's like Russian Roulette - you either get a good character, or you're dead.  This will steal the enjoyment out of your games.  Who wants to play a character they don't want to play?  Me neither...4) It may be fun, but it's repetitive.  You will likely not be playing this game more than a month from now anymore...5) The extra DLC and Game editions are not worth it and ruin the character progression.  Sure, pay to win if you want all characters unlocked at level 3, but you're going to ruin half the game for yourself.For $60, it was a fair purchase.  Anything more than that and you will feel ripped off.  Anything less is likely a bargain!"
76561198049110933,Recommended,273350,15013459,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Divinity,"Bought this game while it was on sale for 40 since the reviews were bad I didnt want to pay full price the game is good, I think you have to try it for yourself. Not a perfect game but decent, graphics are amazing, fun gameplay and online sucks so i play alone lol"
,Recommended,273350,15632247,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Finch,"Fun game to play with buddies. Monster can be tough to learn, but really fun as well playing alone."
76561198035511979,Recommended,273350,17903090,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,MULTIEMOGAMER,This is my rewiew on Evolve and what i think about itWhat i think about this game is that it is like pokemon+left4dead+role playing game (rpg) so if you like some of those games/game series you maybe like this game too because:Why is this like pokemon?because when you play as monster you kill things and when you have killed enought of things you can evolve and upgrade your skills +maybe get some more skillsWhy is this like left4dead game serie?because when you play as hunters you must work together to kill the monsterAnd finally why is this like rpg game?because in the end of every mission you get exp and you level up you profile and get more and better skills and badgesand then + and the -100x+ daisy :3+different hunters/monsters that you can play as+you can tell what role do you want to play as or do you want to play as monster+different gamemodes-long load times (sometimes)1000x- NOBODY DONT PLAY THIS GAME :(so i give this game 8.5/10
76561198191601373,Recommended,273350,18335949,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,godzilla gauge,best game ever made
76561198185374245,Recommended,273350,19327306,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Big Bad Pizza,these game is cool but you half to buy the monsters and hunters.
,Recommended,273350,19791684,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Awshitcuz,its pretty legit
,Recommended,273350,15029899,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Ignotus,This is a great game for those who like to play in a co-op setting and actually like to work as team!
,Recommended,273350,15695352,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,flashfire1999,"Evolve is some of the most fun I've had in a PVP game. The biggest and most common criticism I have heard is that the game is repetitive, and I strongly disagree. The game is only the repetitive if you play every game the same, which is how you lose games. There is a lot of thought and strategy needed to be effective at this game, especially as you get better at it. If you are hunters and you play against a good monster and you do nothing but follow daisy and shoot the monster when you see it and trap it when you manage to get close, you will lose. If you are playing against a team of skilled hunters and you just run across the map whenever they see you, you will lose. This game has some of the best strategic choicemaking I've seen, and one good or bad decision could be all it takes for the monster to shake the hunters off its trail just long enough to evolve to stage 2 or for the hunters to catch a weak monster in a dome with no terrain to hide behind."
76561198046482893,Recommended,273350,14952473,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,bstaps08,"This game does have a decent amount of replay value in both online and solo play, if you are willing to lose some win some. The whole DLC isnt really that important since its just skins. plus ALL the new maps that come out will be free."
76561198007838625,Recommended,273350,15384510,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,XenoGriff,One of the greatest games i have played since 2009 when i found Supreme commander forged alliance
,Recommended,273350,15476597,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,DoctorSoup143,Best played with friends or a full communicating team.
76561198107535882,Recommended,273350,15981547,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,ParadoX,the best game of hunting huge sandbox fun gamemodes i just like it!
,Recommended,273350,17901276,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Dead5Dealer5,"I don't know why there are so many bad reviews, this game is really fun!"
76561198003016734,Recommended,273350,15430652,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,✪ Yaba_II,Very good all around game one of the best games ive played all year.
76561198102131901,Recommended,273350,15434395,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,lucajack,I love this game so freaken much
,Recommended,273350,14416167,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,-stepheN,Awesome game! Traded AWP Asiimov for this! Worth pre-purchase! 10/10
,Recommended,273350,12735870,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Hobbs2000,"Believe the hype, this game will win best multiplayer of 2015 no doubt. If you like Left 4 dead, u will love this game."
76561198014244141,Recommended,273350,14431487,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Leaf,"This game is great! I get a true rush when I play as Goliath.... After one game, I placed my finger on my neck and felt my blood just pumping.... You really don't need the DLC in this game. It is NOT pay to win, like many other games are now. Yes you can buy extra content, but it will not win you the game!!!!!!!!!!!! I fully recommend this game to anyone who loves a pvp challenge.  Only 1 vs 4. This game.. omg. Go watch some Youtube videos and tell me you still don't want this game!!!!!"
,Recommended,273350,14429971,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Furrious Lynx,"You need to know what you're doing in order to actually do anything in the game, but its a blast if youre not a total moron."
76561198065700596,Not Recommended,273350,24197836,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Slude,"I will say this, the free to play thing sort of ruins the experience. Noobs will be running around as the monster not knowing what to do, making the hide-and-seek aspect not as good. Noob hunters will be killed easily, making the monster able to charge head on with no worries of hunters having an advantage. I would of given it a 10/10 when it was NOT free to play. But, there is a bright side (at least one), multiplayer will have more players. There used to be almost no one in matchmaking. Thats the only good thing though, as far as I can see. This game has gone from good to bad. My final rating is a 7/10.Graphics - 2Gameplay Mechanics - 2Playable Characters/Content - 2Other Stuff - 1"
76561198041900060,Recommended,273350,14429550,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,[CPWS] i dont cum in socks,Its da bes gaem evaa made
,Recommended,273350,15204091,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,XG-PRO,The best game ever! Better than FPS games for me ;)
76561198060438921,Recommended,273350,12758459,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,[SF] Cipher,brillient game loving it so far just sorta wish it was eseyer to run
,Recommended,273350,21312002,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Turnip,"I'd probably have around 600 hours on this game if more people played it. All I need in life is for there to be a multitude of people playing this... then I could die happy. The game is completely original, and I dont think there is actually anything out there like it. The graphics are nice the gameplay is epic, and different things are constantly happening whether you are the hunter or not, giving you an experience that well... can only be explained with the word epic."
,Recommended,273350,14638242,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Panta!,"So... this is my first review ever written, and I'll try to keep it short but still in-depth enough. And if you find any spelling mistakes, feel free to keep them, english is my second language.So, what is Evolve? In short, evolve is a 4v1 Multiplayer FPS. 4 Hunters hunt down 1 monster. 1 Monster eats and tries to evolve, then kill the hunters. If you need to know more, go ahead, google is your friend. Coming to the main parts.Gameplay:-Lots of fun as the monster, but takes time to learn-Hunters are fun with friends or if your team communicates well-A con is the unlock-system, but it doesn't take too long which is goodGraphics-Pretty amazing-Playable on older machines with lower graphics, though still looking amazingTeamplay-As the monster it's basically non-existent-For the hunters there is voice chat, which is very rarely abused. The community seems great so far.The biggest flaws may be the lack of game moder, but the developers already promised that new will come, and the lack of customisability for the monsters. You can basically only buy skins to customize them.Now to the main complaint of a lot of people. The pricing/DLC.Now, 60 bucks may seem much, but it's pretty much the same price you pay for every modern game, and it has less bugs on release and is more fun than most other games on release. Of course yit is a lot, and I agree that it's too much, but that's not a flaw of the game itself, but a flaw of all games that are released nowadays. Games are too expensive period.Then there's DLC. DLC is another problem of modern games, that annoys a big part of the community. BUT (and this is a very big but(pun intended)) this game does it better than CoD/Battlefield/almost any modern AAA title. The so called ""day one DLC"" in this game is ALL SKINS. Yes, they are not nescessary, but there is no reason to buy them. They give you 0 in game benefit. As of now, any content in the game right now, aside from cosmetics, can be unlocked by playing. And it doesn't take too long either, which is good.The main reason for the cosmetics DLC being released with the game release is that the last months of game developement are just fine-tuning, and so the arts team has nothing better to do than to make these skins.But what about map and game mode DLC's? Well, they will come, BUT according to the developer NONE of them will cost anything. All new maps will be free. The community won't be split by DLC's, you will be able to play with anyone no matter how much money you spent on the game.And the monster/hunter DLC's? Okay, this is a flaw, I have to admit that. You can buy new hunters and monsters, whcih will be added later on in the game, and they are too expensive. I see why people are bothered by that, and I am too. But it's another thing that all game developers do. It's not good, not at all, but it's not exclusive to this game, and I don't think you should give a negative rating for that reason.As a conclusion, the game has it's flaws, though mainly in pricing. It is still a lot of fun. The main problem of the game is the DLC and the premium editions. Actually, the main problem is the lack of communication between the developers and the players. It is a great game nevertheless. if you want more information on the pricing of the game, and an even better review, watch these two videos by the YouTuber Totalbiscuit:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YYLpomTvDcQhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-MQMx-nH4Q"
,Recommended,273350,14420490,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Shy-Of-Day,This game is a GREAT 4v1 adrenaline pumping team based shooter when playing Hunters and an awesome sneaky/smasher while playing Monsters.. All 4 Hunter classes are very entertaining to play and you have to work together or you get you face melted by the monster. I recommend this to everyone. Buy the base game and you get the whole package. DLC is great if you want skins at the moment.
76561197964003991,Recommended,273350,19849970,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,cajun,"Evolve has finally gotten to where it should have been at launch. I'm only recommending this game now because the new fixes only work if there is a large enough community playing. If you were on the fence about evolve then now is the time. Especially if you can pick it up durning a sale.The main problem with this game is that it is very skill based. Originally, the community was paired openly and it cause major rifts among the community because the 'fun' level dropped off for long load times and short games.There are also more monsters and hunters now to choose from adding a variety that was missing from the begining.Want a story line? Forget it. The story to this game is giving to you the first few seconds at the start of each map in the form of banter.Looking for variety? This game doesn't have it. You will be playing 4v1 and 4v1 then 4v1. Sof if you don't want to play 4v1 then don't buy this game."
76561198044557221,Recommended,273350,12750392,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,DICK (Not the genitals),Hurgh errgh huhlerg lergh hergh hergh! 10/10
,Recommended,273350,32826933,Posted: 26 June,all,racsooel,i like it because the trailer is in spanish and i live in austria
,Recommended,273350,12734119,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,mako,waiting time ist hell. but after that the fun begins.
,Not Recommended,273350,24664509,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,RatGod,Do I Get  A Refund?
,Recommended,273350,14677967,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Yohruk,"Great game, needs more monsters and maps tho. And maybe a gamemode where there are 2 monsters vs 6 players..more monsteeers xD"
76561198093143004,Recommended,273350,16134746,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,OP-1 Bandit,"EVERYONE! READ THIS REVIEW IF CONSIDERING THIS GAME!!!This game is GREAT if you're winning.If you're a hunter, you NEED your team to win. Communication is key in this game. If no one communicates, you still have a chance at winning. If your team sucks, then you won't win even if you're the best player in the world. You NEED your team.Being the monster is also tons of fun if you're winning. Don't expect to win your first game or your second. You'll need practice. Maybe your fifth game, you'll start getting the hang of it and win.Honestly, the game does get a LITTLE boring once you get a certain level because you have no goal(Like L4D & L4D2).   You don't have a reason to play anymore (Unlocked everything). Despite that, you still enjoy hunting monsters or ♥♥♥♥ing up hunters.The game could use more Monsters (There's only four). I get kind of tired of playing Wraith and Behemoth, so I'm usually a hunter playing with my team now.There is a good amount of players who play this game. Every time you join a game, there'll be players. So don't worry about that.Is the game actually worth $60? Ehh, I guess it can be. $50 I guess. I feel like the game doesn't offer as much as it could at the price of $60, but it's still worth getting it than waiting for a sale. This company is obviously very money hungry. The only DLC I have is Behemoth.Good game though. Happy I paid for it."
,Recommended,273350,22273397,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,[^]Sgt. Elis,Sad it died... It was fun! Good balance.
,Recommended,273350,12732834,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Lowrater,"10/10!This game is really fun to play. I really enjoy the combat of the monster and the idea by this. Even so, it's a funny thing.After what i tryed so far it's really hard agains the monster, if you know what to do 100%. The only bad thing is that, if you have AFK players or players that drops out. For trust me.. You cannot kill this beast alone if the guy who controls it is good.The only thing that annoys me is that the monster cannot destroy walls or the current ship at their base. I still havent found out how to take that powersource or whatever it's called. And on the other hand something that acutally heals the monster than just the shield? When it comes to the price, i don't think its worth it. If it drops down to 30 EUR or so, sure then. Grap it!In total, if you like to be a monster that spits fire, throwing rocks, or jumping into the air to make a huge wave and fast speed with buffs from animals aorund the field, to fill up your shield and evovle while the human players screams when they see the size of you... OR be a teamplayer, support each other and hunt this beast down in a different game type than usual, then you should try this. I can imagine playing with a couple of friends will make this much more fun than playing alone."
76561198049817401,Not Recommended,273350,26030420,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,PupsKy@rAge2017,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,273350,24259070,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,[TGS]TheDerp02,it was a payed game and it was♥♥♥♥♥♥for a payed game but its a great free to play game
,Recommended,273350,14420474,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Lord Buckethead the grand Magus,"Awesome Game, plenty of Content : 12 Hunters 3 In each Class, 3 Monster, 16 Maps, 4 GamemodesHad So much Fun in Alpha and Beta and am now having a blast in the full game"
,Not Recommended,273350,31535750,Posted: 3 May,all,Nobleknight747,Dead Servers
,Recommended,273350,14964660,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Jakobe ツ,"Evolve is a highly fun and unique multiplayer game about the thrill of the hunt and the changing dynamic of the hunter vs. the hunted. Many of the negative reviews have left me disheartened, as complaints about optional DLC and core game pricing have likely prevented many potential players from enjoying what's actually important about Evolve: it's extremely novel gameplay. Sure, the DLC sucks, but it doesn't detract in the least from the solid core game experience. Furthermore, the argument for the pricing of games like Titanfall and Evolve is that people are completely happy to pay $60 for a ~15 hr AAA single player game, so $60 for 30+ hrs of extremely polished multiplayer is a fine deal. If you're an FPS gamer looking for a fresh, fun, and challenging multiplayer shooter in a somewhat stagnant genre, look no further."
,Recommended,273350,14423795,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,StormTrooper,"Played this game since Beta, very fun. The only things i dont like you cant rate monsters or other hunters so you never know if ur team gonna me awesome or worse then bots. The monster is great just wish they gave actual hints not like u can eat that dead thing. Theres aton of pay for custimaztion which is fine, i just hope thay add alot more maps, modes and another set of hunters and maybe 1 more monster so there be 5 monters. Great graphiocs never has fps lag, once inawhile ill have lag prblems so u get the skating factor but all in all Great game.10/10"
76561198105557003,Recommended,273350,14754193,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,DR. H3X,"This game is probably the best game I've played.  Like the developers say, no two matches are the same. I have spent every second of my free time playing this game and can't wait for new hunters and new monsters, especially the behemoth. For new hunter players I reccomend playing assault on solo hunting kraken."
76561198086241932,Recommended,273350,14965315,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Skullker727,Its a great game concept and now thats its free to play it can only get better.
76561198057235536,Not Recommended,273350,24364752,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,kornzz666,Thanks for spitting in the face of everyone who paid $60 for the game and any Dlc they bought...Other then that grab a group of friends or make smart friends on this game can be extremly fun...Wish there was a Meh button for recommending this game.
,Not Recommended,273350,24205541,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Topera Toxica,♥♥♥♥♥i pay´d for it
,Not Recommended,273350,24205284,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Ron Swanson,Why the ♥♥♥♥ did I pay for this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Jesus christ go kill urself pls.
,Not Recommended,273350,24203085,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Symphony's Curse,GIMME BACK MY MONEY !!!!!!!!!! ♥♥♥♥ FOUNDERS
,Recommended,273350,14423563,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Bye.,"The only problem with the game is that the mouse sometimes disappears after a match, but you can still use the mouse. I'm patient so the loading time doesn't bother me (5 minutes for me at least).people say ""day 1 DLC ruined the game"" or rather thats what my friends said, but notice how the DLC is all cosmetic, that says to me ""even though it's just been released its ok for there to be variety among the characters"". thats all the bad stuff I noticedPerks:great qualitygreat inital gameplaygood character designnice ranking systemCons:REPLY YOUR DOWN SIDE, I CAN'T SEEM TO FIND ANYTHING OTHER THAN ITS A GAME BASED OFF OF REPETITION"
76561197995898731,Recommended,273350,14753009,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,n00bz.necromonger,awesome
,Recommended,273350,14833380,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Thanos,the best game
,Recommended,273350,26066995,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,SeminteNegre,MEh
,Recommended,273350,25596919,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,ManWithAPlan,"Let me just put this out their... I LOVE THIS GAME!I dont understand why everyone is hating one this masterpice. I've lost track of how many fun, action, packed, hours, ive played. Even though I havent won a game yet, im not going to blame that on the game, just my slow response keyboard. Now for a portion of my review i will reconstruct one of my favorite moments from in game.Heyhiwana playnoI just want to warn you that if you have any heart conditions or are alergic to spooks then be couseious because of all the scary jump scares. Quote from abide player... 'Yikes on the lawn!'"
,Recommended,273350,15034457,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Geekface,Really fun game especilly while playing with friends :Dit requiers alot of teamwork and one N00B can fuq it up easily. I recomend it alot!
76561197994071198,Recommended,273350,14963783,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Wildebeest,This is a really fun game despite the DLC f*ck up!Get some people let the hunt begin!
,Recommended,273350,14964353,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Gambo,I love playing this game. I do not recomend it though if none of your friends have it.
,Recommended,273350,14416638,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Calamari,Incredible game that blows new life into the co-op multiplayer shooters. Too bad people hate on the first day COSMETIC dlc. Don't get pulled into the hate circle. ITS JUST COSMETIC PEOPLE! NO PAY TO WIN DLC!
,Not Recommended,273350,15117924,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,10shredder00,"Support has been cut. Balance is horrendous, Devs do not care, and, as I said, support for the game is cut. It is going nowhere, do not buy."
76561198116713395,Recommended,273350,20044879,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Dragon,this game is one of the best games i have ever played :)
,Recommended,273350,12753155,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Will,"Great game since its now free, and in beta again which is good.These things need to happen.1. Region based servers so we dont have to deal with laggy players and chinese people.2. Balance changes, the game was and still is horribly balanced with the new characters, making almost every game heavily hunter-sided.Other then that, evolve was and still is a pretty fun game, it just wasnt worth the hundreds of dollars for the base game and all the jewy DLC."
76561198132738688,Recommended,273350,18040482,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Korgad,
,Recommended,273350,18041281,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Lionel Messi,really great game
,Recommended,273350,19971030,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Shade Fox,can't get enough
,Recommended,273350,30150836,Posted: 24 February,all,Ｆｌｕｇｅｌ,Loved the game when it first came out.And now its dead.Sad days.
76561197980072820,Not Recommended,273350,14421750,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Telrin,"Problem with mouse cursor no at all or on all time. At first launch default input device set on controller if one is plug in. Also problem with small lag on some maps. Then joined as group 1 time did not load at all and one time placed two player as observer. Such bugs no matter how small, annoying and not tolerable for this game price."
,Recommended,273350,15176593,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,ConnorMXD,Awesome
76561198021914408,Recommended,273350,18347528,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,limbodrive,"I suggest cost comes down or wait until it does. It will be great when all DLC packages are thrown together. Even if you play solo, you have bot teammates. To be successful, you need to be a team player unless you are a sharp monster that knows the dynamics of the  team environment first. It does help to have voice to enhance the team cohesion.The game is set in a boss fight scenario that you see in a lot of games, but you get the chance to play as the monster/boss."
76561198046098345,Recommended,273350,18391947,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,LazyMitchell_G,I would buy this game if it was $10 but only then.
,Recommended,273350,20323664,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,ϟ b761d67 ϟ,"Well, looks like I fell out of the map again."
,Recommended,273350,14702204,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Telekeneto,"The DLC is entirely cosmetic, this is an absolute blast of a game to play.Every match is different, no matter how you play!"
,Not Recommended,273350,24308276,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Dan K. Memes,"This is the game that taught me to never buy a game at full ($60) price. Even worse, it became free after I bought it"
,Not Recommended,273350,24700542,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Smitty Werbenjagermanjensen,"bought this a year ago on the summer sale and i still feel like i wasted my money.oh, its free now? i definitely wasted my money. Trump 2016 make gaming great again."
,Recommended,273350,18826713,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,✦Mr.Pie✦,I love this game so much!It's fun to playits worth it to buy it :)
76561198061399237,Recommended,273350,18831480,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,ThirdEyeOpen,Great Game.Shame it isn't really taking off. I quite enjoy it. However it does require some balancing. Monsters are OP as hell.
,Recommended,273350,14439744,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,PeanutButterWolf,"Very fun, graphics are awesome, nice and polished.  Only concern is the lack of depth and content, and obviously the DLC smack in the face.It burns brightly but may not last long."
76561197970285678,Recommended,273350,14486803,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Duke,"The Game is a Masterpieceit is tense rewards good teamplay and the classes are in a good balance there is no sign of some monster or hunter to be overpowered they all have there strength and there week points.I played now all classes and it feels fresh,rewarding and there is a wide variety in classes.it dont feels like its lacking content like some people say the Game feels content rich.The DLC store only offers non gameplay changing cosmetic items so its not crittical or to be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about.All in all i give this Game a 9/10"
76561198002148643,Recommended,273350,14441108,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,blackraven1425,"I don't normally write reviews, and I'm not about to start writing them. However, what I can tell you is that the DLC people are complaining about ""not being included"" isn't out for another couple of months, and a large number of the people who have reviews complaining about it have not played the final game. This game is seriously amazing, so go play it."
76561198017382053,Recommended,273350,14422809,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Gamer,"The game itself is amazing. However, the gripe that I'm sure most people have is the ridiculous amount of extra ""content"" in the store. Simple things like gun and character recolors. Want a new color for you sniper rifle? That'll cost ya $2. Maybe I'm wrong, but everything in the store looks like it could have easily just been part of the game from the beginning.With that said, I'll continue playing and loving this game, but will definitely be ignoring the majority of the ""DLC"" aside from future monsters or hunters."
,Not Recommended,273350,24185329,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,[SBE]~Jontz | Aposentado~,I want my money back
76561198064417192,Recommended,273350,14423876,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Frozone,10/10 GOTY ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS GAME!
76561198004185396,Recommended,273350,14413576,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Grinch,Played alpha and beta. Amazingly well balanced game. Very optimised engine with good fps even on high graphic settings. It may seem limited but it is not. A bit like Dota or LOL dont get boring fast even though its the same map over and over this game creates diversity through environment and game dynamic. It is however not very fun if you play alone all the time except you only want to play monster. For party players this is a very good long time investment. I expect this game to go e-sport at some point. There are no pay to win elements involved so its an atractive game for competitive characters out there as well. Play for fun or play for glory. Your choice. GL HF
,Recommended,273350,24165013,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,MrDmarDX,this game is awesome and it's is░█▀▀ ░█▀█ ░█ ░█▀▀ ░░█▀▀ ░█▀▀ ░█ ░█ ░░░░▀▀▀ ░▀ ░░░▀ ░▀▀▀ ░and thank you for 3000 key
76561198043954512,Recommended,273350,14437390,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,[Klatsch] Brocken.whoops,"What I think of Evolve? I fell in love with it the moment I played tha Alpha.Now I've seen a lot of people complain about the prices and the DLCs being released after the game, thing is, it is pricey yes but the DLCs are, from what I've seen, nothing but skins, simply not buying them is a solution.Anyway, what I think of the game now?Bugs happen, yes but things can change, fixes and patches will come so just wait and see.Can't afford it or not willing to buy it with that price?Well that's always a problem, just wait for the price to get lowered or wait for a sale again, most likely will happen.I'm honestly shocked to see that so many people make such a fuss about the price and the Skin DLCs, it is understandable yes but I think a review is there to show what you think of the game, not it's price or the DLCs.My conclusion:Bought the Monster Race Edition in Pre-purchase, not regreting it a single second, I love it and I will surely enjoy it further for a long time. I agree with that the high price is too much but I disagree with the fuss about the DLCs.Happy hunting!"
76561198002994478,Recommended,273350,15902251,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Styx,"As awesome as a 50ft tall fire-breathing goliath with an awesome hat playing guitar in your favourite band... on the moon... with some lasers for some reason....Takes time to figure out that it's not actually unbalanced. It's just that the kind of teamwork required from the hunters is of a type you've never seen in a game before. A combination of role-based play, mutual support and yet splitting up as required in order to cut off and corner the monster.Ignore the hate reviews, they're mostly about the overpriced DLC (Turtle Rock have completely misjudged their pricing strategy), the game itself is great."
76561198107925686,Recommended,273350,14442938,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,™CthulhuTheVirgin®,"Many people are complaining about all the dlcs, yes some of it is excessive, but the default core game is well worth the price, I love every monster, hunter and the game feels great! I personally like going monster, and for the hunters support and medic are my favorite class, the only thing I do not like about this game is the restriction there is on being the monster when you have a friend(s) playing with you, other then that minor fall back it is by far one of the best games I have played!"
76561198007663277,Recommended,273350,14457415,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Jewel_Runner_VR,"Honestly some of the most unique gameplay mechanics ive played in an FPS. The Hunt game mode is truelly brilliant if you get to learn the ins and outs of the whole thing. Game has a bit of a learning curve but is well worth the investment,  Also some of the most awesome visuals ive ever seen in a video game. The sounds is also extremely immersive and at times....nerve wracking.9/10, can forsee sinking my teeth into this one like I do Team Fortress 2."
76561198047622943,Recommended,273350,14439593,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,paulpap,very fun if you have 4 friends to play with
76561198039151976,Recommended,273350,14437358,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Xairen,"Let me preface this review by saying that I bought the game during BETA at the price of $99.99 for the PC Monster Race Edition and I am not defending the game, the devs and especially the publisher. I'm actually upset at how they presented this day 1 DLC cash shop, everything in the shop EXCEPT the monster (that they've said will be up for sale only) shouldve been unlockable for free.Anyway, here are my thoughts and hopefully it will help someone who's thinking of buying the game.1. Let's start with the DLC mayhem.Weapon & Monster skins are forgivable, BUT $15 for a monster and $7.49 for Hunters is just deplorable. We have been told beforehand that ONLY 2 monsters will be available (or 3 if you bought early) to players and 8(?) hunters while the rest are DLC and that's fine and dandy to me BUT those prices are insane if you've already charged us full-price for this game. DLC rant, end. If you're charging that much, you're better off going the F2P model and I'll happily buy monsters @ 15$ a pop. God knows I've paid more for cash shop items that are worth even less.Lastly, about the game and DLC pricing, here's a better breakdown:http://steamcommunity.com/app/273350/discussions/0/604941528473478991/2. Monsters! It may be just me BUT I actually prefer using Goliath in most games compared to Kraken or Wraith. Honestly, it is most fun when you play Goliath, taking the hunters head on. The thrill, the chills, nothing comes close to Goliath's up close and personal playstyle. So I tell you this, you don't need to buy that $15 monster because Goliath is the most enjoyable monster to play!3. Game itself. I'll give it a 7/10 or 8/10.The gameplan is almost always the same.As a monster, you sneak around, eat fauna, evolve and then wreck the living hell out of the Hunters. Sometimes you'll square off with the hunters pre-stage 3 and that's fine but most games tend to be hide and seek.As for the hunters, there's not much difference from the monster, it's just that this time around, you're the one looking for the missing Big Guy and holy freaking crap, you really have to look for it 90% of your games.Yes, there are different game modes.If you enjoy short bursts of 20min gameplays, you have the HUNT.Then you have NEST (monster defends Eggs), RESCUE (Hunters rescue colonists while Monster tries to kill them), and DEFEND (Hunters defend their evacuation ship from the Monster and its goons).Lastly, you have Evacuate which is a 5-part combination of the different game modes where the winner of the previous round gets a perk. this mode lasts somewhere between 50-60mins.That being said, no 2 games are exactly the same.They could've improved the game by letting the Power Relay available for attack 2 to 3 minutes into the game to add diverse tactics._______________________________________Is the game enjoyable?- Yes!Is the price they're asking for too much?- My feelings are mixed, graphics is certainly a $60 title, content is more of a $40 title and they added the ridiculous Cash-Shop to a full-priced game (again, if the went F2P and charged that in the cash shop, it would've fine too)!Will I recommend the game to others?- Hmm, for the base price of $60, I think you will get your money's worth of enjoyment.- Wraith (Playable monster character DLC) is not worth the $15 so skip that. (But I'm biased towards playing the monster Goliath who is available at the base price of the game).- DLCs are mostly monster and weapon recolors so skip those too.- So ultimately, YES. I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,273350,12730995,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Jodin,dis gaem is fun
76561197969103960,Not Recommended,273350,12746269,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Bed][Bug,"Console port, locked to 30 fps, almost no graphics options. Extremely sluggy gameplay manufactured for consoles, terrible input lag, 65 FOV. Another slow and sluggish console shooter half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ported to PC."
,Recommended,273350,14452683,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,INJECTION,"Evolve is a good little game,yes it has lots of DLC but the thing all the armchair ragers are forgetting is AT NO POINT DO YOU HAVE TO BUY THEM <<<<<<<<do you see that????? you DONT have to buy them but other then the forum warlords and review masters the game it's self is good lots of fun."
76561198044667206,Recommended,273350,14437177,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Vincent Vega,Gameplay is excellent. It has a a bit of a learning curve but once you have the basics the amount of depth the games offers is extremely satisfying.Currently the game has a number of bugs that need to be fixed. Some are match crippling but don't happen often.Enjoy (or not).
,Not Recommended,273350,12746508,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Dongo,It's L4D with a kind of circular closed map and the only thing you fight is a Tank that can go from 4 to 20 minutes.
,Recommended,273350,12729404,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,M8,"Awesome game,but matchmaking takes too much time."
,Recommended,273350,14426032,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Crazy Bones,"Simply put... This game is a blast to play. People complain about it being a DLC trap. So what, its a bunch of skins for the characters and equipment = PURELY COSMETIC!!! There is 3 beasts and plenty of hunters to chose from. The GAMEPLAY is fully developed, and the UI, the menus... everything really, is super polished. I  havent had any trouble with bugs or crashes after a bunch of matches, which is a million times better than every other game ive played at launch last year (Im looking at you EA and especially Ubisoft) So what the marketing structure for this game is completely @$$ backwards, its super fun to play."
76561198013430709,Recommended,273350,14444321,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Gucci,FKN♥♥♥♥♥
76561198073116313,Recommended,273350,14417617,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Derejin,"A thrilling experience as either team. The smallest mistake can turn the tide against you - make no mistake, it's not just an FPS.Teamwork is essential when hunting the monster. You have to keep up, you have to corner it, and you have to work together to fight it.Playing a monster is one of the most exhilerating gaming experiences I've had the pleasure of enjoying; you can take a stelathy approach, or just run for your life while trying to stage up. And, of course, things tend to go wrong and you get caught... or, perhaps, they trap themselves in with you, if the terrain's to your advantage.Don't miss this game - it's really solid, really well-balanced, and loads of fun."
,Recommended,273350,14427294,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Justo,"Ignore the haters, this game is incredible.  God forbid the creators continue to make content and want to sell it.  There is amazing value here.  It's all the value of Left 4 Dead but ten times the game.  It's vast and just brimming with content.  Titanfall wishes it had half this amount of depth and detail and production value.  A truely must own if you ever enjoyed a game of Left 4 Dead."
,Recommended,273350,14426909,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Platinum,"Pretty good game, needs a little work but other than that it is pretty ♥♥♥♥ing good. Great Co-op and fun gameplay mechanics!"
76561198153646114,Not Recommended,273350,12736100,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,.X.,had high hopes this game is garbage maps are far too small and the monster is so slow you cant evade or kill hunters complete crap
,Recommended,273350,14498303,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,ZinByakuya,This is a truly awesome game! it`s really intense and it`s alot of fun!
,Recommended,273350,14469096,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Space Coach,"Every bad review I see is whining about the price and the cost of the DLC. New maps are going to be free DLC. Everything else is cosmetic. These people are essentially whining about how pretty their hunters and monsters are.Gameplay is a lot of fun and has high replay value. I can see it getting monotonous if you do the same thing on every single map, but considering the options available to you and the variety of paths you can take? I've never had the same fight twice. Every encounter with the other team is different, and lots of fun.Is it worth the price tag? That depends on the price you put on your own enjoyment. So far I've spent $60 on 30 hours of fun and I don't think I'll be stopping any time soon. If you break it down that way I'm paying $2 an hour for this game and that price gets cheaper by the minute.tldr: if you don't like the price, don't buy it. No one is forcing you to buy their game. They aren't ""robbing you"" because you chose to pay for it. Get off your high horses about this.I'm looking forward to playing this game for the rest of the year without getting bored once."
76561198085638535,Not Recommended,273350,24277130,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Ente,"Good job !Gotta love the fact that noone is actually rewarded anything in Evolve Stage 2 despite having paid money for the title. Not only that, but also all achievements are gone now.Good job ,developers, good ♥♥♥♥ing job."
,Recommended,273350,12735769,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Gamersbook,"It is amazing how EVOLVE is being entertaining, and how hours become minutes as you play it. Awesome title, would recommend to everyone who enjoys competetive or cooperative multiplayer."
,Recommended,273350,14480310,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Aliandris,"This review is about the game, not about the marketing decisions of the company.That being said, this is a great game.  It's easy to play, but hard to master.  Each match is tense and exciting, with just enough frustration to flavour the experience without being so bad that it sours it.  Character progression comes in multiple flavours, and even losing nets you points towards ranking up.  Multiplayer is easy to get in to, and works really well.  The game does a good job of trying to give you the role you want, but sometimes you'll get shifted to a new character and it's actually really good to see how the other side lives.  I didn't realize I liked support until I didn't get my assault pick.The first time I played the monster was exhilarating and awesome.  I lost and it didn't even matter because I felt like I did a good job and really made the hunters work for it.  The first time I won?  Amazing.  Tricking those hunters into a narrow cavern to make best use of my powers felt really good.Evacuation mode was a good idea.  Making it so you can play it online or solo or just with some friends was brilliant.  It's fun and dynamic.  Having a way to learn playing the classes without being forced to embarass yourself in front of other people is super.I think there might be some balance wrinkles to sort out, but that's not surprising in such a complex and multifaceted game.  Stasis grenades seem pretty OP the few times I've seen them used.  On the flip side, the Kraken monster has always been overwhelming every time I've encountered it.  But then, maybe I'm still fresh and don't know the right strategies.That's what makes this a really good game.  It's fun with friends, it's exciting, and it rewards being clever.  I don't know how much staying power it's going to have, but for right now, it's a blast."
,Recommended,273350,14427569,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Islamic Militant Bukkake Koala,This is one of the greatest games I have had the pleasure of enjoying. In my oppinion this game is well worth the 60 dollars and will keep me entertained for a long time to come. please look past the people who are reviewing this game and dosn't own it. they played an uncomplete version and have no right to hate on a product they dont even own.
76561198025426047,Recommended,273350,14423910,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Cyrodiil,"This Game is amazing, and dont let yourself be fooled by bad reviews!The Game looks amazing and is by far the best Coop or Multiplayer experience you will have in a long time!Everyone who complains about DLC´s don´t know following:1. You can play with everyone and against everyone with a DLC!2. Most of the DLC´s are just SKINS!3.Every new map is NOT part of a DLC (Just new Hunters and Monsters, but you can play with or against them)This game is just amazing and it is worth every penny!I´ll say it again: DON´T let youreself be fooled by bad critics!!"
76561198128134146,Recommended,273350,19734407,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Nightmare Foxy®,"Most awesomest game ever. I can't wait to buy it on the New Year.Amazing Graphics.Online Co-Op and Multiplayer, Offline Co-Op and Multiplayer.Totally recommend this game."
,Recommended,273350,19757802,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Shao,ITS A GOOD GAME BUT THERE'S RARELY ANYONE PLAYING ON PC. WHEN IT FIRST CAME OUT I WAS HYPE AFTER A WHILE THE GAME JUST DIE LESS PLAYER EVERYDAY
,Recommended,273350,14793548,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,HellBoy,I recommend this to people who enjoy a nice monster hunt very fun....... can be fast gameplay  enjoy the diffrent hunters and monsters all you have to do is get by the low teir players who dont want to do there role or dont know how to do there role and you will have a blast more content is coming to this game so it may seem small on content i wont be in a little while in the future
,Recommended,273350,14421079,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Trien,Solid game from the developers! Fun being able to be both the monster and the humans!
,Recommended,273350,14457364,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,bonillap140,its fun but it isnt for every one
76561197998002183,Recommended,273350,14481890,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Maclardal,"Great mechanics and brilliant team play. Should definitely be on your list if you enjoy co-op games with friends, but plays well even in solo mode. DLC appears to be fair too, paid for dlc includes monsters, hunters and skins for both. Maps will all be free so there won't be any community segregation as seen with Titanfall. Also doesn't appear to be any pay2win, but will need to see what any dlc hunters/monsters play like before that final comment is made though."
,Recommended,273350,14537543,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Mr. Bill,"Queue hunt mode with my friend. He has monster set to 5, I have it set to 1.It puts us in the same game with him as the monster.Try queueing againMy friend gets placed into a game while I get kicked to the lobby with the message ""Error: lobby full"".Try queuing againWe both get placed into 2 seperate gamesTry queuing againwe are both put as spectators in a full gameTry queuing againit places us in a rescue game instead of huntTry queuing againafter a 5 minute wait we are both placed into an empty game with 3 AI"
76561198169166809,Recommended,273350,14441430,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,peterkam0123,"Great game, stunning graphics, infinite playability, 9.9/10 for not coming out sooner in my life, totally worth the $60, i pre purchased it for left 4 dead but haven't even played it because of playing evolve too much...buy it now"
,Not Recommended,273350,24390475,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Busby,"Loved everything about this game.Until a weeks worth of server crashing killed it for me.It wouldn't of been such a problem, if it didn't affect my determined rank I spent hours trying to perfect."
76561198155410772,Recommended,273350,14451809,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,TheEnabledPC,"My favorite game! I pre ordered the monster race edition and it wasnot a waste of money. To all of you who think its to much money, you are wrong! I highly suggest this game!"
,Not Recommended,273350,14423150,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,MeLTeDButta,Played the beta and played it again on release. Why do i have to play a black woman with huge monkey lips that looks like she just woke up from the zoo? Seriously you guys couldn't make cooler looking characters? And we are forced to play characters we don't want to play. The dlc's skins and character designs are disappointing. Overall decent game.
,Recommended,273350,14997938,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Didros,"Screw the haters, this game if off the charts fun!"
,Recommended,273350,14998402,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,☢ ColdFaced Lee Koji 屠る™ ☢,Awesome
,Not Recommended,273350,14569947,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,The Betrayer,"Don't get the game, it won't load up, ever. Even if it did, gameplay is repetitive and boring, DLC costs too much money, we don't want evolve, we want Left 4 Dead."
,Recommended,273350,14414515,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,I am Sour,Very fun in my first little bit of action.
,Recommended,273350,24334792,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,b o r t i i `,video game
,Recommended,273350,14423930,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Sound,"It's a very good game, although the DLC situation is pretty rough. For the gameplay, I would recommend it. The DLC situation is up to you."
,Recommended,273350,14421078,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,ZombiePyroNinja,"I've played both the Alpha and the Beta which i enjoyed both enoughto purchase the game. Teamwork is kind of a huge thing so I don't know if I can reccomend it unless you have somefriends to march into battle with. But with every new player playing the monster it really does feel like a unique experience each time. there's quite a few maps, 4 game-modes, 3 variations of each hunter and 3 monsters. You're going to probably see a lot of people complaining about the DLC model which is kind of scummy but a lot of the DLC is just skins for the monsters. But again a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ team (Especially a bad Trapper or Medic) Can absolutely ruin the experience. Also  I haven't ran into any Technical Issues, but as a PC gamer always be weary about that. A lot of the negative reviews here are written by people who have played the alpha or the beta (I have no Idea why they can still write a review for a game they haven't purchased) and are jumping in to bash the DLC and that's fine. People have their opinions on that and it may govern your purchase but if you're someone like me who can look passed wanting to change your monster ""Bog Green"" for a fee there is a solid multiplayer experience waiting"
,Recommended,273350,12754969,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Bob Loblaw's Law Blog,Amazing!
,Recommended,273350,14437243,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Friendly Bird Slayer,"I love this game, and hope they continue to add content in the future."
,Recommended,273350,14437357,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Darklight,"Evolve is a really cool game of cat and mouse, only the mouse evolves into a dog and tries to kill the cat. If you were a big fan of Left 4 Dead you will enjoy this game.  It's a world where everything is out to kill you and you have to watch every step you take. Where the hunters can quickly become the hunted.I definetly recommend anybody to buy this game especially if you know anybody that already plays it. It is really fun cooping with friends. Not sure about the value of the DLC's yet but the base game is definetly worth the purchase."
,Recommended,273350,14422221,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,KennyweSS,Very nice game with interesting gameplay. All ppl who cry are jsut poor. Very happy that u dont play this game less kids cry in game <3
,Not Recommended,273350,33877155,Posted: 29 July,all,Aledolphus,Bought this game for $60++. And now it is free. What a rip off.
76561198067256696,Recommended,273350,14441079,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,WaffleMan,The game is fun. Not sure what all the hating is. The DLC is purely cosmetics that do nothing to affect actual gameplay. The DLC is easily ignored so you can't complain about that. I've played over 50 hours already so..
,Recommended,273350,14480465,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Silly Pillow,"A good game with many upcoming DLC's.Something most of the ""No"" reviewers dont seem to understand is that DLC's are optional and the game will still be balanced."
76561198062128307,Recommended,273350,14471691,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,szechuensauce,If you are poor dont buy it. If you are rich then get it.
76561198072021595,Recommended,273350,14454196,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Solaire Power,"HI, i believe that this is a wonderful game. i know some people may not agree with me and say things like 'the game is over priced' or 'day one dlc is unacceptable'. Well i would firstly like to point out, that it is quite hard now a days to find a new game whos release price is below £40 and also the fact that the dlc in question is mainly (excluding the season pass which most games also get released at the same time as) just cosmetics. The community is not split into two from day one like some people say as they have said all maps will be free to download and even if you dont have that dlc you can still play with someone who has. So there is a simple solution to this promblem, just dont buy the skins if you dont want them, so what if your goliath isnt the new shade of green, or daisy doesnt have some fancy face paint. It affects the game in no way, it is just a way to make money, which if i may point out is there main aim, they are a company trying to make money and cosmetics have been proven in other games to be a method of doing so.I just hope that if you were thinking of getting this game but were unsure or perhaps put off by the number of negative reviews which mostly say that it  is a great game, but gave a negative rating due to price or dlc, that i fully support this game and i am going to enjoy it and hope that you could too.Also i would just like to ask that whikst you may hold a different opinion i ask that you respect mine and keep the slander to yourselves, thank you."
,Recommended,273350,14467933,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Tsunami125,"Alright, so a lot of people seem to be upset that they paid 80$ for the original game and now it's free to play. Yeah, i understand the frustrations but the bright side is that instead of 160 global players we now have 30k... In my opinion that's better. And to all of you considering to get the game think about it like this: this game used to be $60 graphically the value is there. Gameplay wise it isn't worth 60 dollars, BUT it's free and I can assure you that you will clench your butt plenty of times."
76561198162012610,Not Recommended,273350,14414882,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,CHICKEN NUGGERS,AHHHH WASTED SO MUCH MONEY!!!!!I'm running a  ASUS ROG G750JM - i7 4700 - GeForce 860m and THE GAMR RUNS LIKE POOP!!!!
76561198066380062,Recommended,273350,14458658,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Grand Poobah Alec Anson,play with me ♥♥♥♥♥s
,Recommended,273350,14433231,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,HighFlyer15,"4v1 action of the best kind.Previous game like Damned(horror) and Depth(shark vs humans) have tried this, but never have a triple A studio tried their hands on this genre and it shows just how good it can get.While the previous mentioned titles are both fun in themselves. They lack great support behind them and balance issues are sometimes to be found.With Evolve Turtle Rock Studios does a great job of balancing a whole lot of components, Hunters vs Monster.The monsters never feel overpowered(after the Wraith fix in beta) and with good coordination you'll find yourself having a blast with this game.The game features a LOT of modes right out of the gate and with the 5 round evacuation mode you get to play almost all of them in one go. Each round won gives the winner an advantage in the next round, like heal stations scattered around the map or an extra monster minion to help you out on the next map.It's really fun and there's plenty of features to keep you busy for a long time.But lets address what most people see as negative about this game/developer.They decided to start out with a Season Pass DLC option, so that dedicated players could get the opportunity to get the future planned DLC cheaper. It includes Hunter and Monsters.But even without buying the DLC you will still be able to play against the new Monsters and also alongside the new Hunters.Turtle Rock Studios will even give all maps for free to the community, so no one is split from it.The only time you need to pay something is if you want to play AS it yourself. Be it monsters or hunters.Then we also have an in-game shop, now this might be the worst thing they could've done, right off the bat at least.People were already pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at the DLC plans(even though reasonable. All big games seem to have season passes these days) and even more stuff to purchase from day 1 was the last drop.But people fail to see that the only things you can purchase in the shop is skins and the season pass. No monsters, hunters or maps are to be found in the shop.Most reviews focus on the fact that Turtle Rock Studios seem very greedy with so many ways to make your game pretty, but in the end, if you don't need a pretty sniper rifle, then don't buy the pretty sniper rifle. That's it.Besides the DLC hate, people can't argue against the fact that this game is FUN. Some people try to argue with ""after a week I'll be bored"", in that case the game just isn't for you. Don't buy it.But with 16 different maps. 4 different game modes, a campaign multiplayer mode, which ties them all together with a story, 5 monsters(planned) and 16 hunters(planned) this game will be entertaining me for a very long time and I hope it will entertain you too.There's even single player for the people with no friends :DI would recommend this game to any person who loves a good boss fight, because that's essentially what this is.4 friends vs 1 boss monster."
76561198094285747,Not Recommended,273350,34681359,Posted: 2 September,all,BertTheMachine,"This game is possibly one of the worst games I've ever played but it was most certainly the worst game I've ever paid money for, and now I will state whyGameplay: The gameplay depends on what side you play on, so if you play as the monster you'll have to run away from the hunters while you gather resources to ""evolve"", or you can also just try to fight the hunters as a stage 1 monster (good luck). And if you play the hunter you and your team of hunters have to chase down and kill the monster before it either destroys the reactor or kills all the hunters, which mostly boils down into running in circles after the monster for 20-30 mins each match.Visuals: Probably the only redeeming quality of this game because it can actually look quite nice at times...you know what? I'm just gonna end it here so that my review can be a depiction of the game, Unfinished and UnpolishedI would give this game a 1/10"
76561198024192361,Recommended,273350,14854214,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,MetalGreerSolid,"fun game and good to see the developers are still putting alot of time and effort into balancing and adding to the game, free extra maps to come so dont be too afraid of the ""DLC end-of-the-world"".Although its not a game i play endlessly and every day I often am happy to go on smash a few quick matchs and see how it goes, I always come back to this game alot like left4dead in that respect"
76561198197482655,Not Recommended,273350,16103296,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,GOLD FAKER,LAGG CAN I GET A REFUND PLZ AND BY THE WAY HOW DO U REFUND
76561197964620654,Recommended,273350,14855492,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,JusticeRings,Thoroughly enjoyable hunt or be hunted game. Really adrenaline pumping action.
76561198046888038,Recommended,273350,14805501,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Dr.Plague,An amazing game and a must play
76561197971097174,Recommended,273350,14721723,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,NBFung283,"getting past the price is hard for some gamers but after the price, you are getting a very good game with a lot of replayability. i held back on this game due to the fact that most of the reviews for this game by steam users rated it down but all they do is scream about the price. you are paying for a good game at the end of the day. best played with friends. its always fun to hunt a monster with hour friends and be taken in my the fantasy of evolve. the kill is most satisfying. the deaths are honorable."
76561198074537962,Recommended,273350,14802454,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,PyroBanshee,Is Fun
,Recommended,273350,15035823,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Ludi Konj,"A must have game for multiplayer lovers. Perfectly balanced game that forces you to get better every time you play it. You are either good,or you are just bad in it. Are you able to outsmart other human being? If not,just stick with Cod. The only problem this game has is not so good matchmaking. 200 + hours on steam and still want to play it,would buy again. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,273350,16670362,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Joobie,Really glad they did not charge more for Season 2. Still a fun game to play with friends.
,Not Recommended,273350,16577744,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Dr Fumbles,"Ugh. Bought it expecting L4D3, got a hunting sim game."
,Recommended,273350,14460213,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Jet,"this is a very fun game to play dont listen to all the ""nuuu dlc too expensive"" if you care about it dont buy the dlc the game it self is good enough10/10 would buy againps. watch out for rock frog"
76561198007436782,Recommended,273350,14457820,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,freemenamm,this game is fun and stays fun for along while the dlc is all optional and almost all dlc and all the dlc is just there to add on to the experience when you have the extra money and also this game dosent take nearly as much money as most other games most peaple play........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... im lookin at you world of warcraft
,Recommended,273350,14426401,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Disodium,"4v1 PvP or Coop game.Evolve has a few different game modes, I will keep it simple.Hunter - Hunters must kill the Monster before it destroys an objective.Rescue - Hunters must find and rescue downed survivors, the Monster must kill survivors before they are extracted.Egg Hunt - Hunters must find and destroy eggs around the map, the Monster must defend them.Defend - A MOBA type game where the Monster has Minions that are sent to kill an Objective, the Hunters must defend this and deal with both Minions and the Monster.The team of 4 each play a set class as follows:- Assault- Tracker/Huner- Medic- SupportEach role has unique abilities that compliments a team with good communication and teamwork.But what if 3 people want to play Medic?The game allows you to rank each class from 1-5 where 1 is most desired and 5 is least.It will then try to match you into games where you 'fit in' and are fairly close in level where possible.If you are all friends and everyone chooses Monster, one person will get it randomly, then the rest will be allocated via their ranks, and once again if 2 people want Support one person will get it the other will be put in for their next pick and so on..Progression in the game is handled via 'Levels' and also 'Mastery'.Levels are earned by doing what you are mean to do, using abilities correct etc.As you level up you unlock Perks which you can pick at the start of each round to apply a perma buff to your character.Mastery is earned in a similar way, but to progress up the Mastery tree you may need to focus on certain tools/weapons to unlock your 'Next tier' by doing X total accumulative damage with weapon Y.As you progress in Mastery you get bonuses to they tools/weapons you use and it can unlock other characters and skins.There is some complaining about Day 1 DLC which are SKINS.... these do not impact on the players performance thus really should not be as big of an issue as people make it out to be, there are plenty of games out there that do Cosmetic DLCs, people just need to open their eyes.All in all the game is fun to play once you get your head around it.It is a little on the 'deep end' with no Tutorial at the main menu, rather you need to watch a video prior to a round if it is your first time playing a class.A lot of pressure is placed on being the Monster, being alone and knowing you are being hunted it is important to keep on the move while constantly feeding to strengthen yourself and replenish your armour.If you love team orientated games that require you to think quick and work together then this is a great game!If the 4 hunters do not work together, even a average skilled Monster could very easily devour them early on.For those with that like Match 3 gem type games, there is a game called Evolve : Hunters Quest you can get for Android, iOS and Windows Phone, playing this unlocks Badges in the main game and also provides a 50% boost to Mastery."
,Recommended,273350,14503614,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Obey The Kitty =^.^=,cost far to much. make all that dlc free and your fans will love you for it bad bunisess ethics.
,Recommended,273350,14425323,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,BoB (Best of Boxes),"The huge amount of negative reviews is hardly indicative of the actual gameplay and the like of Evolve, as most of the negative reviews focus on the price tag and the DLC. The DLC was marketed completely wrong, and has been blown out of proportion severely. It is there, but for now, it is only cosmetic. The hunter and monster DLC are coming sometime before the end of this year supposedly, and I will update this review then to reflect if I found the non-cosmetic DLC worthwhile or not. For now, the 80$ of DLC some deem 'nessecary to play,' is really not. If you find someone arguing this standpoint, I hope they do not play a game like League of Legends, where over 1000$ of content would be deemed nessecary to play. Some even said that this game was going to be free to play upon the discovery of the store button originally, and now there's a whole storm of angry people up in arms about a game that some had said 'they wouldn't have bought anyway'.DLC rant over.The gameplay is a definite breath of fresh air. Rather than being a group of four high-tec spacefarers against another group of four high-tec whatevers, you are against one singular beast, intent on devouring and adapting whatever it needs to in order to survive.The hunters play like a normal first person shooter, for the most part. Each role is distinct, and you will find your favorite role quite quickly. That being said though, you might not find your favorite character quickly, because you have a linear unlock progression, with the starting hunters being probably the easiest to understand. That being said, they are not the worst hunters, far from it, each of them brings something to the table that others in their role may not. Hank is the only one with a shield projector. Markov's mines can create areas of denial. Daisy leads you right to the monster. Val has a tranquilizer gun to slow the monster. Everyone has their own strength to bring, so each team you assemble between the twelve avaliable hunters will be unique.Their gameplay is a squad based monster killer, in which you must work together with three other people to bring down one extremely powerful player. If you played L4D, you can understand why you might not want to play this with randoms as a result of that one line. A chain is only as strong as it's weakest link, and you might find some extremely weak links online. As far as the actual gameplay goes, it's a blast once you have the monster trapped, using your jetpacks to stay just out of reach, but not lose a spot to shoot it from. However, catching it is a different manner. You'll find a lot of 'walking simulator 2015' jokes, and they're not wrong. If all you do is follow the monster's footprints, you will never catch him. He is faster and stronger than you, meaning your group has to work like a pack of wolves to corner and cut him off, containing his routes of escape. If not, you are doomed to fail.Playing as the monster is a entirely different matter. You are not in the fellowship of others like you, you don't have anyone watching your back. You are alone, and four other human beings want you dead, and have the tools to make that happen. The rush of adrenaline and the heart pumping that that one thought causes is enough for some people to never want to play as monster. It is the most intense and stressful games I have ever played, and it is a joy to succeed. That being said, you have to outsmart four other people, and that can be a problem for some, so it's not exactly a walk in the park. You must flee and eat until you can evolve to the next stage. At stage one, the hunters have far more power than you. At stage two, you are as strong as the four of them. You may even want to look to inflict damage, as this will make your life a lot easier down the line. At stage three, you are a nigh-unstoppable Godzilla like creature, and they will be scared.I wholeheartedly reccomend this game, but there are some devils in the detail I will put below, decide for yourself if these are deal breakers.- The Wraith: This thing ruins games if you encounter one most of the time, and is really the only thing in the game in need of drastic balance changes. There is a upcoming patch, and time will tell if it proves effective.- Ranking: There is no actively visible ranking system, which may decrease the longevity of the game by quite a bit for some. Once you hit 40(level cap), that is really it for publicly visible rankings, the only other ranking then is the online scoreboard, a bit out of the way to try and access. There are rumours of a upcoming patch to change this, but without it, the game will struggle to maintain longevity outside of DLC. There is a hidden matchmaking system however, according to a TRS developer I spoke to, but it is in severe need of data to become really active and impactful to deliver those close tense matches.- Stagnating: The game stands a serious risk of stagnation should no new tactics, strategies, gamemodes, or players come into the mix. This game will improve as long as the players on it do, purely from the skill ceilings already high caps, but without players improving, every match will blur into the next. If you play this game, try to be that change."
,Recommended,273350,12761251,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,L3ros,"Based on the alpha test I really like the game, but it could use some improvements, that will most likely come with the final release."
76561198106514619,Recommended,273350,14535047,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,drewb37,"Very fun game, easy to learn. All nice people havnt met a single troll yet. Everyone is willing to help you learn the game, Graphics are second to none, a few glitchs an bugs but its a very new game they will get ironed out fast. id rate this game a 8.5/10 it would be 10/10 but i dont feel like there is enough content to keep you interested for months. I think you will play this game non stop for 2-3 weeks an it will get old fast unless they introduce more."
,Recommended,273350,14535943,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,patrol23,"Great game, can't wait to see what new monsters they will come out with.Goliath is a beast!"
,Recommended,273350,14521573,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Hanz Goober,"I have been having more fun with this game than I have had with any other in a long time.  Leading up to its release I have tried doing some Diablo 3, Warframe, Payday 2, Elite Dangerous and Dont Starve Together with friends, but none of them really seemed to hold our interests.  But so far with Evolve I have been seeing more of my online buddies than I have in some time.For me, Evolve is actually something that lives up to its name.  The whole thing that keeps us going is watching how things progress as we learn more and more.  First few days were the usual Benny Hill style chase the monster step for step, never gaining on it, never seeing it till stage 3.  Then we moved to the spread out and sweep sectors, until the inevitable loss of a Trapper to a Megamouth.  Then our tactics have evolved to keeping within a reachable distance of each other and trying to think like the monster, predict crossing areas, use deployables as place markers.   Its almost to the point where we actually enjoy seeing a Wraith as the monster because its a chance for us to improve our ability.Now its not all sunshine and bubblegum.  The matchmaking is a bit schizophrenic, especially if you have a wide level spread in your group.  You would think with a full party of 4 it should only take a few moments to plonk a monster in, but there have been Evac matches where the AI was in control for half of it.  Then there is the lack of in game friends list management, coupled with Steam not tracking last played with. (It seems that Steam may only track VAC enabled games) Late game skill progression, not to be confused with character unlock progression, is a slog fest to go through normal games. It is boostable if you have a full group, but still a boring grind.   And dear god the load screens.  I dont know why you can't just lock in a class prior to pre-loading the next map, whether this is just a design decision made solely so I can have a cig between matches, or a peculiarity of the CryTek engine, but it is a bit mind numbing.All in all, the fun I have squeezed out of this game is worth the between round screwups.  As for the money grabbing complaints.  Considering I stated earlier that I play Warframe, this game has gotten no where near those levels of costs for in game assets (Talking up to $20 for a single class or 10-20hrs of grinding in some cases) and thankfully there is no EA style buy progression packs either.  Couple that with the fact that even if you don't buy DLC you can still play with and against any future Monster/Hunter releases and play on all the new maps.  You dont have to sit behind a pay wall like you would with your friends that got the COD expansions."
,Recommended,273350,14500727,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,LoganGreenJeans,"I have no idea why people are taking a massive dump on this game. If you dont want the DLC, how about you dont buy it?And yes i do know that the game isn`t completely finished, but, wouldn`t it be boring just to have everything all at once?Say if someone who helped develop the game was like, ``HEY! I just got an idea for a new monster!, well to bad we can`t update the game.`` In my opionion this game is great, but hey, if your not into this game, then that`s your problem.I reccomend this game to people who like Left for Dead, because the Devs of that game made this one too.Pros of this game -- Extremly fun.- A ton of stuff to do.- Good mechanics.- Beautiful Graphics.-Great Ai (Most of the time).Cons of this game -- bad Survivor Ai- Weird glitch where the monster just spazzes out uncontrollably- having to unlock hunters and monsters- Cursor in menu dissapears and then reappers ingame from time to time- Alot of running"
,Not Recommended,273350,26329440,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,FMJ,I got this game as soon as it came out and it was awful. Spent about $70 on it. It didn't even run properly on my PC in the beginning. Give me my money back.. -_-0/10
76561198093336856,Not Recommended,273350,21829935,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Muppet of a Man,F#ck this game.F#ck all its dlc and greedy devs.F#ck this game.F#ck me.
76561198051152902,Recommended,273350,14414115,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Deadpool,amazing game not much of a review writer but im very much in love
76561198163531864,Recommended,273350,14452791,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,THE Dragon,"A very very good game, if you have friends who can play with....it is the perfect option for an awesome day :)"
76561198110593942,Recommended,273350,16106826,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,[MNI]ACE,this is a fun game i really like the jet packs
76561198082449650,Recommended,273350,19766000,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,jbadnon,good game but it is bugy do not now whut to rate
76561198079512901,Not Recommended,273350,22869501,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,A.K,The game is dead.
,Not Recommended,273350,24292861,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Fr̈ïëd,"game was ♥♥♥♥ing trash on launch, game is ♥♥♥♥ing trash now. dont waste your time"
76561198073107813,Not Recommended,273350,24447216,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,A Nutritious Snack,There goes my dlc
76561198012620413,Recommended,273350,17887663,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Mr_Boffo13,10/10 WOULD MONSTER AGAIN
,Recommended,273350,17868077,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,GexideL,Like hide and seek with guns!
76561198140877784,Recommended,273350,20247422,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Storm57503,"I think Evolve is a really fun and enjoyable game. Yes, the DLC may seem like it costs a lot but you don't need it. You can have fun playing the game without the DLC. If you do however want to buy the DLC characters they aren't that expensive even if you don't have a lot of money. Even if you are the slightest bit curious about Evolve or have friends who play it, I recommend buying it when it is on sale. You will definitely get your money's worth. Don't let all of the negative reviews spoil your perspective. Evolve is extremely fun especially if you have friends to play it with."
,Not Recommended,273350,16517344,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Draktok,
,Recommended,273350,14555634,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Fox4,Hide and seek for gamers.
76561197993431098,Recommended,273350,14653992,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,ArtimusCade,Very well balanced!
76561198071697463,Recommended,273350,19979157,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Duck Butter From Ur Mom's Udder,delicious
76561198055433416,Recommended,273350,14577524,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Yellowshield,"Jesus. So much negativity flying around in this review section. Companies do a lot worse with DLC for a lot more these days, and nearly every negative review in here is just about how pissy everyone is at the DLC list at the bottom of the screen. What a shame, how popular it is to complain.I haven't been this happy with a game release since L4D1. Evolve boasts the replayability of Left 4 Dead and other longtime favorites, and the perfectly-captured co-op elements of MOBA/ARTS games such as DoTA or LoL. Every encounter is hard-fought and pulse-pounding, and you will be hard-pressed to have an encounter in the same place more than once. The kits of each monster and hunter are diverse enough to keep every fight interesting, and deduction of your opponent's playstyle is critical to victory in every match.Yeah. You can't recolor your guys to a certain color unless you pay $2 per character or $5 per class. Boo ♥♥♥♥ing hoo. You're all blinding yourselves to awesome, innovative, original content because for some reason your angry mob believes that character skins completely ruin your experience. (Just to clarify, at the time of this review, that is ACTUALLY all you can buy. Skins. Recolors. No actual gameplay content is being withheld for an extra fee.)I think this game is fantastic, and I know I'll be playing it for a very long time.10/10."
,Recommended,273350,12744094,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,TheGamerMark3,Great game everyone should have it
76561198165338070,Recommended,273350,20501244,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Exotic Butters,This is a wonderful game don'tlet negative reviews ondlc pricing and nothing elsestop you from buying this game
,Recommended,273350,14447700,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Algorefiend,"Great game. If you like the concept you will really enjoy this game.To make a note on some other comments:The only day one DLC was skins.The game in its self was worth 60 dollars to me, its not like they are selling you an unfinished product. There is alot of replayability in the oringal package without any DLC."
,Recommended,273350,14445351,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,drunkenleperchaun,Fun multiplyer game.Team based game.
76561198180465421,Not Recommended,273350,24903057,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Sober man,"I SPEND 60 USD ON THIS GAME WHEN IT JUST COME OUT, AND NOW YOU TELL ME IT IS FREE, HOW NICE ? : ("
76561198154621410,Recommended,273350,14812488,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Hercadurp,"I really enjoy the game.Mostly because I spent $80 and am trying my best not to regret it. despite all the issues with dlc, the game is fun. i've had to be a little social with all the random people i meet since none of my friends trust to buy the game but i usually end up with a decent team anyways. i believe most of the reviews given are from people who after just 2 days playing and reading crappy reviews such as the ones below, just quickly gave up on it.Im not super optimistic though,there is an obvious widespread dissapointment and disdain with turtle rock and their potential asymetrical flop. As long as they listen i'll keep playing without a single complaint."
,Recommended,273350,14423638,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,JoeySnacks*,"After dumping hours of play during the Alpha and Beta, I can say the game is very fun to play with friends. It is still fun without friends, but the experience is better with a group of buddies.To everyone that is complaining about DLC, I get it, I am NOT a fan of Day 1 DLC or the pricing model that Turtle Rock has come up with here. HOWEVER, this only means that I will NOT BE BUYING the DLC. I am perfectly fine playing the normal game without DLC and have a bunch of fun with my friends.If you want to have a fun time with your friends like you did a few years ago with LFD and LFD2, you should buy this game and have a blast and not worry about the DLC and Season Pass. Everything you need to play the game and have a good time ships with the standard copy. Send a message to the publisher and DO NOT BUY the DLC. Trust me, you wont miss out on anything"
76561198081469511,Recommended,273350,14718979,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,SuedeFox,awesome!
76561198070686403,Recommended,273350,14851596,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,T-o-one Noob,goood game :D
76561198028475211,Recommended,273350,14851881,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Matt Bellamy's guitar,9/10 just beware the toxicity of some people.
76561198047293869,Recommended,273350,14884105,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Mythic Rose,"Evolve is a solid game if you like the idea of chasing down a huge♥♥♥♥♥monster with three others...or being the monster yourself and wrecking the hunters.Positives :The environments look amazing and play an integral part of fighting.  Various wildlife (even plants) can kill lone hunters, some wildlife even pose a threat to unarmored or weak monsters.   The hunters and monster alike can use the topography to lay an ambush, put up snares, mines, etc.  Unique wildlife called albinos hold various buffs for monsters and hunters alike.  It's often worthwile to kill the creatures that benefit your nemisis before they can find it.Currently there are twelve hunters split evenly in to four classes (medic, support, assault, trapper) and three monsters (goliath, kracken, wraith).  Each new monster and hunter must be unlocked through play but are quite easy to get.  Each hunter and monster has his or her own strengths and weaknesses.  There are only a few hunters, in my opinion, that are less than stellar but fun to play none the less.  A balance patch is coming out ""soon"" to address some issues.The game has a few different match modes.  Hunt is the traditional four hunters versus a monster.  Rescue mode challenges hunters to help NPCs receover from near death and lead them to a safe spot.  The monster's goal is to eat the NPCs.  Nest mode is almost the opposite of Rescue.  The hunters are charged with killing monster eggs and any minions the monster has.  The monster must kill the hunters and can hatch a minion out out an egg for help.  In Defend mode, the goal for the hunters is merely to survive or kill the monster.  Monsters have a much more difficult time as they must destroy defensive base turrets and generators to win.  They do get some help from NPC monster minions, though.One last positive note, I read on the Turtlerock forums that all future maps are free so no one gets segregated by those that buy DLC and those that don't.Negatives :Evolve suffered a lot of negative press from it's DLC bundles.  The majority of the DLC happens to be monster skins and hunter skins.  Unfortunately for the hunters, only their weapons get skins.  The pricing for the next four hunters is around $25 USD.  That's nearly 40% of what it cost to get the 12 original hunters and 3 original monsters.Possibley the biggest negative concerns the Wraith monster.  This is the only monster that currently causes many hunters to foam at the month when it is in play.  As a hunter expect to spend most of a match chasing after this monster while it sends it decoy at you time and time again to kill you while it runs away.  Repeat until the Wraith is finally at stage three and ready to battle.   It's not an overpowered monster, but it certainly drains the fun of the game to chase decoys around.The game give you the chance to rank which class you want to play from first choice to last.  It tries to give you your number one choice (and in Co-op mulitplayer is farily good at this) but can frustrate some players.  Premade teams of 2-4 make it difficult for random players to get anything other than monster.  Grouping with a friend also means you can't play as a monster unless you make a Custom game.TLDR :  This is a fun game with an amazing environment.  Most of the negativity on this game is about the DLC pricing for the next wave of hunters and new monster.   Another major complaint is the Wraith monster's use of decoy spam.  If chasing down a huge♥♥♥♥♥monster sounds like fun, you will enjoy Evolve.  If eating puny humans sounds like fun, you'll enjoy Evolve.  A balance patch is scheduled ""soon""."
76561198064830803,Recommended,273350,15510148,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,GalionPrime,"Ok we get it, its too expensive. Now that it's out of the way, this is really fun. I personally love playing the monster and I play all three originals. I admit to being confused with a lot of the games claimes like ""millions of combos making a it a unique experience every time""....uhhh no... it does get repetative but i assumed that and i dont mind. Many games are. the controls are great and the graphics are gorgeous! I must say its very fun playing by yoursef but you will soon tire. Playing it with friends is the only way to keep up the interest for longer. I overall say this is a game worth getting and playing, create a good community of players make this the best experience. Save up!"
76561198046192965,Recommended,273350,15524789,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Velosir,"A great complex game of cat and mouse, in which the monster attempts to survive against the hunter's powerful arsenal of technologically advanced gear, weaponry, and overall good-looks. That is, until the monster evolves into it's final BA form, where it becomes a unstoppable hulking mass of destruction that is driven by the sole urge to pulverize, slice, incinerate, electrocute, and/or devour all who dare stand in it's way. Both sides are very fun and challenging, and I recommend this game to all FPS-lovers!(Also, please ignore all the DLC hate this game has been seeing on launch. Many of these ""DLC's"" are just skins and cosmetics. Some cosmetics can even be acquired by helping achieve community goals that the developers set. The only problem I have with the DLC is the overpriced hunting season pass ($24.99 at the time of review), which will hopefully go on sale for a more reasonable price.)I give this game a final score of 10 Daisies out of 11 melted faces."
76561198067921143,Recommended,273350,14967673,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Redwood81,Love playing as the monster. If you ever wanted to feel what its like to play as the boss monster get this game!
,Recommended,273350,14972426,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,SoFF,เกมสนุกดี แต่ skin กากมาก
76561198046869302,Recommended,273350,15546472,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Litrol Blue,"It is fun and really intense. Playing against another person makes it all the better. My one suggestions is get it with friends, knowing your allies makes it much more fun."
76561198197016187,Recommended,273350,16045021,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,coreyh2424,Lags and constantly minimizes
,Not Recommended,273350,15103546,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,JackHammerOfLawl,If you enjoy playing a games where you lose and you have no clue why then play this game.  You're being slowed by somebody but you don't know who and you don't know how to deal with it.  You're playing a new character and the item icons don't make sense so you don't know what is what.  It's a game that completely lacks information.I feel ripped off.  I've never felt like this about a game for a long long time but in this case I feel ripped off.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!
76561197966505443,Recommended,273350,14460268,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,.BAD. Sleepwalker,"Turtlerock may created another masterpiece,  only time will tell if they continue to support it with new maps and content, and turtlerock is known for its maps.Graphics: crytek engines always look good, and my gtx 660ti handles it at            1920*1080 with everything maxed except shadows on med and aa off.its playable with dsr turned on to 1.5 until you get rain or snow, which kills performance.Sound: sound is pretty good, ive been playing in my tv and 5.2 surround sound.Its very directional and when chasing the monster, feeling the thuds of his steps can help. Bit rate seems low however , as I get some crackling during some explosions.Netcode: very little lag and only 2 dropouts in the past 24 hours. Well done.Gameplay: use solo to get some practice and get used to the classes.  coming from the makers of The left for dead franchise And condition zero( yes, all .BAD. members need to buy this game :)    ) ;   these guys know how to Do cooperative gameplay. The classes are well balanced and so are the monsters.The A.I. for hunters and the monster is decent, and will do their jobs.  The a.I. for th e wildlife is amazing, and you really need to pay attention to see and use it to its full potential. Ive killed two hunters already that were seperatedfrom their team amd being attacked by wildlife, ive also been eaten by a large venus flytrap and several other creatures.....The weather system has a huge impact on gameplay, from rain. Fog, snow, and different times of day and night. Its very possible to sneak a level 2 monster to melee range at night or during low visibilty conditions. Not many games give you that ability, especially in muliplayer.Overall:  9/10If the singleplayer mode had more depth or turtlerock keeps true to their map making heritage and not charge for maps, evolve could easily be multiplayer game of the year.its like turtlerock took the good From titanfall, left For dead and tossed in every gamers dream of being a BAD♥♥♥♥♥MONSTER that gets to eat and kill everything.The issue with this game is lack of competitive gameplay. As of this time its obviously 4v1, not 4v4 like l4d2 or any other multiiplayer game.so no team vs team gameplay. Rumours of more monsters in new game modes may change this issue in the future.To anyone wondering if Evolve works with xbox360 controllers, the whole game actually. Only time I had to use my keyboard was to type my email address or use push to talk mic .  Which is why im guessing steam doesnt have it listed as a controller supported game.  They should atleast list it as partial until entering the email address using the steam overlay bit is fixed."
,Recommended,273350,14849304,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Progressive Lemon,Add more content because this is an excellent game. This game is very exciting to play and will give you the chills if you're a Hunter / Monster but for about 4 rounds of the game it gets pretty boring because of the repetitiveness. I hope the devs add some new stuffs in this game.
76561197976025403,Recommended,273350,14477495,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Syg,"+ A rare level of depth in a PvP multiplayer oriented Fps. The game just integrate a lot of MMO PvP mechanics but in a fps form, with stealth, environment and range to take in consideration. Need teamwork and quite crazy awareness+ Very dynamic, need to be on your toes, playstyle of a team entirely have to change depending of the characters chosen which make each new round something new+ Very different characters that give their lot of pros and cons+ Graphically superb ! easy to play but hard to master+ Playin monster is both incredibly frustrating and incredibly satisfyin, quite unique gameplay for each of them.+ Dynamic weather on maps changin the pace- Not violent / graphical enough :PSolid 9/10, if you like multiplayer titles that give a lot of depth this title is certainly for you"
76561198029375087,Recommended,273350,14414982,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,PICKLE RICK!,LOVE IT
,Recommended,273350,15793204,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,lil duckey,this game is amazing never played anything like it i give this game 5 big fat five stars this game is the best game ever
76561198085412313,Not Recommended,273350,14428209,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Salty N Tilted,"Day 1. I get the game. eager to play i rush into my house and get on. I start the game. instant bs as i get around 4 fps. I reinstall the game then restart my computer. that brouhgt up the fps to around 25-30, fair enough. i make an account and hop on, complete the tutorial then go for multiplayer. i load the map, and load, and load. 10 minutes later it freezes at 90% for EVERY map. then I cry for around 30 minutes. Then i uninstall, while my friend gloats about how it runs on his computer. best loading simulator 2015 0/10 do not buy untill the developers start caring. I wont even start on the DLC shenanigans untill i can at least play the limited content they allow me to have."
,Not Recommended,273350,20469822,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,YouCrakMeUP,Playd once and never again. Great graphics though.
76561198133848859,Recommended,273350,14967152,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,4nanner5/5,Love this game it definatly beats ANY RTS Game. the game will only get better from here on now.
76561198100426494,Recommended,273350,21838006,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,_Lucky 7_,"This game really gets more♥♥♥♥♥♥than it deserves, despite the steap learning curve and the DLC:s it really is an enjoyable game worth buying."
76561198153813176,Recommended,273350,15807506,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,callmesenpai,the sound in the games cut scenes is garbage.
,Recommended,273350,16585007,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Macerat0r,"I have been loving this game since release. It has a very dark and Intense story/gameplay.I Just cant get enough of it and the community. Thanks for this Gem!Anybody who gave it a bad review with less than 40 hours of gameplay has no idea what they have missed.Nuff said, Back to Evolve!"
76561198005635926,Recommended,273350,14443318,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Zombiestocker,"This game is not for everyone. You will either love it or hate it.  This is not Left for Dead in space.  It is something very different.A common complaint I've been seeing is lack of gameplay; the only option being the monster runs til level 3 than smashes.There is actually quite a bit of nuance to the game once you start getting deeper into the hunt.  A good monster will mess with your head and pick you off one by one.  A good team of hunters will herd you and harry you til you get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and make a mistake. The game is both cerebral and visceral at the same time. I honestly love hunting other real people.As far as the price and the DLC goes, YMMV.  The extra character seems to be getting a lot of hate and all i have to say is that borderlands 2 did the exact same thing with a character and no one hated on it.  If you don't like the price it should go on sale after about 3 months.If you're not sure this is the game for you, borrow a friends copy and stomp around a few hours.  You should know be able to figure out if this is the game for you just by playing a solo evacuation match or two."
,Not Recommended,273350,15217267,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,eragoon78 ケットシー,"Do not buy this game for full price, the concept of the game is really really good and it is well made but it gets old fast. Not to mention the DLC for this game, so many day 1 DLC's released. As for the multiplayer it has more or less died but when it was alive it was very fun. When playing the monster you start off by being hunted but as you grow in strength you become the hunter and the ""hunters"" become the hunted running from you as you destroy them. Each monster has its own style of play while one is strong another relies on tricking the hunters and taking them on one by one. I cant give this game a postive review with the full price of the game but if it does go on sale I would recomend buying it and playing it with a few friends. I personaly got a good amount of enjoyment out of this game tho and I will miss it. (positive review if on sale negitive if buying with full price)"
76561198076336090,Recommended,273350,16864493,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,alixwebler,love the gaum dont lissin to the♥♥♥♥♥holls that say its bad its yor chos if you wont to by it
76561198121274543,Recommended,273350,20365862,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,jthiggy,Its soooo cool
,Not Recommended,273350,20780001,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Merc,lame gay game got boring fast
,Recommended,273350,14787096,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,SUPER DUPER TOY,awesome game. lots of bugs. but overall i love playing this game with my friends and also play it every i go for work.
76561198077248746,Recommended,273350,14501175,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Billy Ray Cyrus,"This is game that I had waited for, and when it came out I saw the huge amount of dlc. Now don't get me wrong, I am in love with this game, it's just the dlc. For pre=ordering the game I got an extra monster when it comes out and a skin. For 4 extra hunters and a skin pack you have to pay 25 usd. The skins can be bought on a pack 7 usd for monster, 5 usd for hunter or you can by just one from the pack. I am in love with this game it is just the dlc that is killing it."
,Not Recommended,273350,14423974,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Cthulhu,"The gameplay is fun for the first few hours, but it gets old and boring really quickly.The maps don't feel like they have anything special on them and some of the monsters are just plain annoying to fight  against (mainly if you are support/medic as they will target you a lot more often).The game also has Day 1 DLCs and an in-game cash shop. But wait, this is not a free-to-play game, it actually costs 60 USD / 100 BRL.Currently I cannot recommend this game at its current price tag. Wait for at least a 50% off sale."
,Recommended,273350,14430465,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Murphys Law,At first this game to me was really annoying. The monster would always either run away and get to level 3 or your team would scream and shout at you.After a few days of playing getting my characters high enough and finding how to play my class i found that the hunters were the class that was OP. This is a must get game if you have a group of friends looking to have a bash at a great co-op game. I would recommend this game to everyone and urge them to buy it!
,Recommended,273350,14630560,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,AntoniousMaximus,"Action packed game, constant action, the only downside I found to this game is that it is very repititive. Therefor it can get boring pretty quickly, but hey, if you have the money for the game, GET IN THERE!!"
,Recommended,273350,14443464,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,j0Kz*,Yeah awesome !
76561197998078229,Recommended,273350,14473858,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Derelict Phoenix,Most fun I have had since Counter Strike.
76561197986779984,Recommended,273350,14641920,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Plaidlotus,"So, I want to like this gaming community, I really do, but I can't. One of the biggest things against it was all of the first day complaints about dlc. Community is too unreasonable, and probably not worth it.When I bought the season pass, it was not with the understanding that this community would be unlocked the first day as well. The community does not merit the price tag, and I would like to see more dlc available in terms of increasing the community's sense of value in this game.The obvious lack of content in the base community is appalling, and I am hoping that the dlc fixes this issue. Or at least that we can get a patch for the community right away.The game is 10/10, exactly what I was expecting and hoping for. Look forward to buying all of the future dlc not covered by my monster race edition."
76561198083189400,Recommended,273350,14641842,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Jericoh,"Pros:Great gameplay and mechanics system for each hunter as to how their abilites and weaponry synergize with one another to assist in the pursuit and defeat the MonsterThe Monsters are each incredibly fun and enjoyable with their own playstyles: Goliath the Hulking Beast, Kraken the Long-Range Striker, and Wraith the Flesh RenderHunters need to emphasize their roles and how to play the game with the intention of teamwork and coordination through either pings, typing, or talking with one another (Have the ability to mute players that are irritating and sounds that make your ears bleed)Great and heated combat between the Hunters and Monster if you engage and force a fight(I won a game as Kraken with 1 bar of health left evolving, repeat process till stage 3, and won with perfect lightning strike)Fast paced action and enjoyable change of pace in regular shooter gamesSingle Player allows you to play the game against bots without the worry of losing connection and being able to play all the roles at oncePrivate Matches allow you to play single matches and Evacuation with your friendsMultiplayer Maps will be FreeYou can play with and against players who own the DLC Monster and HuntersCons:Occasional bug on Wraith Trap where if the Sloth hits you into a wall, you get pushed through a hole where you fall through a mapSometimes there is static in the background for no reasonDLC (Although Maps will be for FREE!!!, people are complaining about having to pay $5 for skins.........there is a simple solution to that............just don't buy the skins!)Progression System takes a while to LVL upNeed to have a competent team to play their roles (But you can still win against the monster with 3 players)Matchmaking System forces me to play my bottom preference at times and gets slightly annoying, especially when you are dropped into the last day of EvacOverall VerdictThisk game may be slightly expensive, but this is most fun in a competitive FPS game in a while, (Of course I own the other consoles as well and I might get chewed out for saying that but I have a few games that are competitive shooters; however, those games just get boring and also the communities are very agressive so I mostly play single player games and only get games that I know that I would enjoy).  I have followed this game for a whole year and am with what they had made but with the people who are saying this game doesn't have enough content, remeber this game was originally set to go on October 13th, and allow me to remind is that all they had back then was the first and second tier toons. I agree that the game shouldn't be worth this much........but if you look at a game such as CoDBO2 which has been around for 2 years costs the same amount still and you have to pay $15 bucks just to play a campaign or the regrettable Destiny where they lock away Content to force you to pay 40 bucks to play the rest of the game (What game in qustion????). Playing Destiny is far more of a strenuous and painful game than playing a quick and fast paced game where you get paid for in Progreesion and Perks.  I have had some fun and incredible moments when playing this game and people who are complaining about the editions allow me to elaborate $59.99 game + 4 Hunters costing $7.49+ Behemoth cost $14.99 with the next monster at a $14.99 and 2xHunters at $7.49 would total to about $134.91 and people are complaining about the cost of a $5 skin................................That is some Major First World Problems right there folks.  This game might not be entirely worth the price of $59.99 but its a fun game and experience and would recommend it to to people so stop griping about the PC Monster Race and such and just purchase the Regular Version if your hurting in money. Also if people who look at my review and don't agree with my opinion then go right ahead and complain and whine as I play against you as the monster and show you how I play and how any hunter to bring the monster to a hault.  All you need in this game is fun, enjoyment, and the pleasure of bringing down the house with one mighty push.Hope you enjoyed the review,Jericoh"
76561198041852973,Recommended,273350,14579553,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Ganja VooDoo,"Afer 11 days of play time, here are my conclusion:Again - this is the most intence multiplayer game ever made. this is the evolution of pc games.players are now more into the game and ""evolve"" themself to the game type.Monsters are hatd to catch, hunters are more skilled.At first, hunter run after the land sighns, got close to the monster and engage a fight.Now, there are no land sighns, the monster sneeks on you, ambush, take out the week and the lonly ""heroes"" how mispalce there search and drifft apart from the pack.Amazing game.I hear players cry about the cost. most of them didnt even bout the game, but they still cray about it all over the net.BY THE GAME, AND THEN HAVE AN OPINION.Final words - if you dont play it, your lose, I recommend for all the ""Older"" players to try it out, it is NOT a game for kids."
76561198083653263,Recommended,273350,14473814,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,silentredemption,"Hi guys, its interesting the reviews this game has, considering over 6,000 and yet mixed. I never really review games and yet i am for this game because I think this is a game that excels at what it does, yet has mixed reviews based on mixed expectations. Firstly, if you liked the alpha or the beta, you won't be disappointed, secondly, this game is team based. When i mean team based, I also mean you will be forced to use different classes, you pick a priority of classes you wish to use and sometimes you don't get your first pick. Now this also adds to the skill, you have to understand and work well to support your team when you are forced to use a different class other than your primary choice or if you are chosen as the monster. Don't downgrade this game just because you got something that you can not comprehend or don't like fully. This game, despite peoples gripes about DLC policies and so forth from a developer standpoint, is a testament to the type and style of gameplay we have missed for years. All the way back to the Unreal Tournament pc era of games at their prime, this game really emphizes teamwork, skill, tactics, and fast passed gameplay. Do you know what I love? stupid to ask a question in review, but its that no playthroughs are alike. That the monster does have a shot, and so do the hunters as a team. I love the graphics of cryengine 3, i love the environments, movement and premise. Lets face it, people are harsh on games these days, reviews on this game are great. 50% of the people grab a game on a false idea of what the game really is...this game is truely great, if you are in support of this gameplay style. For me as an hardcore gammer in the sense of many styles, id really give this a 4/5 or 8.5/10. extremely addictive and amazing, something id love to see more of in the future and a sequel . More games need to strive like this to be there own and this game is just that!"
76561198097133889,Recommended,273350,14641713,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,AiG,good game to bad the community on it is diying.
76561197960320995,Recommended,273350,14413048,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Mataleon,"Good, believe the hype.Edit: Yup, i see all the whiners out there with little or no money, maybe write what kind of ""gaming budget"" you are on then. Bought dying light, so thats 500 Norwegian Krones, for 30 hours of fun.Evolve is worht it for me. It mush SUCK to not be able to afford a game that might cost twice the price.Im just saying, it must suck. Im soooooo glad i dont need to biocott evolve because i got a skinny wallet."
76561198017805890,Recommended,273350,14417423,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,azxx,no comments... too busy jumping around trying to save my♥♥♥♥♥.. too much fun.
,Not Recommended,273350,25309671,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,XTripleJaxX,running simulator 2016
76561198159152088,Recommended,273350,14952830,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Sillyface01,only thing to change is make it for 32-bit aswell i had to use my dads computer to play this game
,Recommended,273350,14922109,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,MajorVice,It's a good time killer. You dont have to play with people to have fun. Monsters are pretty balanced. Hunters are pretty balanced. I liked it.
,Recommended,273350,14926220,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Skaggs,"Evolve is as divisive as you like. It's true, this game was marketed terribly. There are some pretty lame DLC practices here. That's been offputting for a lot of people (myself included). However, there actually was NO day-one DLC (just skins). The game is fun. It delivers on what it promises. If, when you heard about this game, you got excited then you should buy it. It's fun. Hunt mode is very exciting and each match is different. The game has its problems, but I definitely feel like I've gotten my money's worth."
,Recommended,273350,15026491,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Gamer_man,"At low level, the game look like unbalanced, but it's only because you play with/against♥♥♥♥♥♥people. Keep playing and you'll see the game is balanced, and very funny. Play with friends, avoid whiners, and you'll like it."
,Not Recommended,273350,24747621,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Svennor,This game is a absolut mess nothing to say anymore
76561198104264084,Recommended,273350,15737104,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,DarkMinnaar,Do it.
,Not Recommended,273350,31034882,Posted: 9 April,all,Aitharic,Delet This
,Not Recommended,273350,28223337,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Gotcha713,Great to know the game you pre-ordered for 89.99 back a year ago is now a free to play! Hope I can get a refund and not get screwed over again!
,Recommended,273350,14424112,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Olly,"> Be me> Be alone in own domain, maybe cleaning up a few messes left by litterbugs> Grab a few snacks to get through the day> Realize there are guests that I need to be looking after> Get no love from these primitive, ignorant, midgits> Crawling all over places they shouldn't be> Doing all sorts of things they shouldn't be doing> Calling me 'monster.'> Be me chastising them until they sit the hell down.> Little ♥♥♥♥ers work as a team, wearing me down, thinking they have a ♥♥♥♥ing chance> Get fed up and kick a few of them out to scare the others straight> Know it won't be enough, they'll be back soon> Continue dealing with interlopers until the time's up and they learn their lesson> Watch them go home crying> Sign out of elementary after-school teaching for the day and go home> Play Evolve> Not getting paid enough for this♥♥♥♥♥♥8/10EDIT: Also, Day One DLC? For real? Including a Season Pass that doesn't give you all content? Damn, Turtle Rock. That's cold. Wonderful gameplay,♥♥♥♥♥♥way to stay on a gamer's good side."
76561197993486802,Recommended,273350,14798843,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,101ST Century,"Excellent concept, executed as well as I could have hoped. The real weakness of this game lies in how dependent your enjoyment is on the people you play with. The game is balanced so that EVERY hunter has to do their part well to have a chance of success against a good monster. That's why I can understand why people first trying out the game and routinely being crushed, running around a map for 10 minutes with the monster always out of reach, will be discouraged and disappointed by the seemingly small amount of content. But before you stop playing, I really urge you to persist through the first few public games where everyone sucks. Find a group of people to play with who know what they are doing - practice against the AI in single player games to stop sucking yourself. Gain a few levels and you will start to be matched with good players. This game opens up so much once you understand your role, and the huge variations that even 3 monsters and 12 hunters offer will become immensely apparent, as will the amount of time that has gone into designing each playable character. I've already gotten more than enough hours of fun out of this game to justify my purchase, and they're only going to keep releasing more content, both free and purchaseable. Maybe you won't be able to justify the purchase of a new monster or hunter pack, fine. But others will, and you will still be able to play against them!"
76561198252651630,Not Recommended,273350,24258526,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,UaintSeenMe,"I liked it better before this ""stage 2"" stuff happened, an option to ignore the update and continue playing the game i actualy liked would have been nice."
76561198132203309,Recommended,273350,14670105,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,roy_dudius12,"This game was fun, dont need dlcs to have fun :DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD"
76561198008998664,Recommended,273350,22402774,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,PotaytohPohtahtoh,"9/10 its a really GREAT game, but no ones playing it anymore! and well, maybe lower the price to 20 $ american, even though im canadian. but other then the 40$ canadian price, its pretty good! PS: i got this for 60 $. EDIT: forget everything i said, and throw it out the window, because this game got  9x better.."
,Recommended,273350,22285854,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,DevilJho,its a good game
,Recommended,273350,14430031,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Da_Bradler,Game of the year
,Recommended,273350,14432837,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Ren,Another master piece after Left 4 Dead series
,Recommended,273350,14414574,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Sigma,"If you are into classic FPS games, such as Quake and Counter-Strike, you will enjoy this game. The hunters play solid with great movement and interesting weapons. The game modes are very unique, highly competitive, and a lot of fun."
76561198067806375,Recommended,273350,14424376,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Camersaurus,"i  keep getting a black screen and the game closes when i try to play, help would be apreciated"
,Recommended,273350,14435641,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,RhiffRhaff,"This game is awesome just try to disregard all the hate everyone is saying, honestly everyone is just upset over the dlc plan but if you look into it you dont need to buy anything, you get all the maps free and new modes that come out in the future.  You literally only have to pay if you want a new monster or hunter when they get released, and you can play with friends who have the new content should you not purchase it. Yeah I agree the price of the monster is a bit steep but it is what it is. Anyway on to the game...  It has a ton of re-playability and its the most fun Ive had playing something in a long time and it really brings back the feeling of playing Left 4 Dead just not as many things trying to kill you. I actually find myself having a good challenge in both Solo and Multiplayer they definitely tuned up the AI since the beta, no more Hank insta firing his missles on sight of monster and they all seem to know exactly how to act in fights."
,Recommended,273350,14429534,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Skitz!,"Variety of game modes, variety of weapons and classes. The game focuses on a group of hunters and a monster, each role plays a vital part in killing the monster and this proves to be a difficult yet rewarding game. Character adn weapon/skill upgrades are rewarding and add more variety to the game. The farming aspect of the game, required to level up/evolve and get buffs/upgrades makes this a challenging and fun game.Worth the $$"
76561198167966530,Recommended,273350,29757128,Posted: 7 February,all,Deathgamer,AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198046854719,Recommended,273350,14435459,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Xeypher,"Any other game comes out with a season pass DLC: ""Oh cool that means you guys are gonna release more content. Yay!!!""Evolve does it: ""YOU MONEY HUNGRY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S!!!""It's a shame the game is getting so many negative reviews just because of the companies business model.After about 10 hours of gameplay I can say that they did an amazing job on this game. Will definitely keep playing because I judge games on the actual gameplay and not whether I agree with the company or not."
76561197963898956,Recommended,273350,21147167,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Hollow,Could be more in depth more story more to do but its a solid replayable game
76561197978901177,Recommended,273350,14434844,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Bahamut,"I love the game. People complaining about the cost. I haven't seen something this inventive in a long time. Look at the COD / Assassin Creed games. People pay $60 for that game, and they buy the same thing every time. Worth how much I paid. Shut your dumb faceholes and stop spending the money mommy and daddy give you on steam and move out."
76561198026529948,Recommended,273350,14913613,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Spawnie89,"Ridiculously fun game. Hope they release more monsters in the future.Pros-Evacuation mode makes for great replayability.-Winnging is very satisfying.-Variation between different hunters is brilliant.-Sound design is excellent-By design every character looks great *Cons-Jet packs are slightly annoying. Juswt remove the recharge delay and they'd be fine.-Frame rate can drop when Cabot's dust cloud is going or the Wraith goes hyper.-Probably difficult for first time players (people new to gaming in general)-Maps could use a bit more visual variation. A few of them sort of blend together in memory.-*Skin packs are way too expensive though. $7 for three cosmetic changes? No thanks. Halve the price and make some (even slight) mechanical difference, then maybe... maybe. Halve that, then yeah probably.-For a 5 player game, it's odd that there is no 5-pack available."
,Recommended,273350,14418178,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,B.,yes
76561198153364852,Not Recommended,273350,17922397,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Dat Spy,"IT LAGS LIKE♥♥♥♥♥♥ if they made it so that it doen't go 30-60 fps then it would get a 5/5. but it lags so badly i can't under stand a word their saying, so until the makers update it so it doen't run so slow, DON'T BUY THIS MOTHER ♥♥♥♥IN GOD DAMN SONS OF ♥♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ING GAME."
76561198005693019,Not Recommended,273350,17973471,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,ExplodingToads,Not worth the price of admission.
76561198123047985,Recommended,273350,18897751,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,TalentedTanner,"Ok people, I was originally going to write a negative review. I stopped myself and played the game, and didnt look at the community but the game itself. Yes there are bugs (nothing that I have found troublesome) quite being a bunch of babies about small little glitches. All games have those. The game plays very nicely and looks amazing. NOW HERE is where alot of people get angry with the game. The balance issues, this game is not very unbalanced at all. Every hunter has a weakness that the monster has to exploit, and same with each monster! I have played this game from the monster standpoint more often than the hunter, so I know a bit more here. The monster is far from overpowered, if each hunter simply does their job(medic heals people, support uses their abilities to support, the trapper corectly places dome and uses harpones etc, and the assult dishes damage) the monsters life will be hell. Now a good monster knows when to fight and when to run, making hunting them difficult. NOW playing as a hunter I found that yes, cooperation is key. I just use my mic and communicate that way.Other people however have effectivly communicated (if they dont have a mic or are shy) using the in game ping system to relay important landmarks etc.DLC- I dont mind it, it would be nice if after the next set of DLC came out they would make the old DLC unlockable like they had with the first 3 monsters you could get. But other than that I dont find it a problem. IT IS POSSIBLE TO BE SUCCESSFUL IN THE GAME WITHOUT THE DLC. I infact play alot of the original hunters and monsters all the time and am still successful.All this game lacks is more players, once we rebuild the commnity this game with be even more amazing.-Thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,273350,14980015,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Taucer,Great Game.
76561197983748921,Recommended,273350,14716684,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,=RuDeBoY=,"Great game, little jew of them to have so much dlc you dont get though...it may kill there own franchise"
,Recommended,273350,14964589,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Absurdest,"Phenominally fun game, but when you play, consider it an RPG. You get rewarded HEAVILY in wins and fun if you play your role correctly, and it's a blast. When you're a hunter, play to your role - not solely to take down the monster. Your glory isn't in killing it unless you're Assault or Cabot - your glory and big plays comes in your tranqs, clutch heals, stealth revives, to-the-wire arenas, sometimes even just plain old spotting the damn thing. And as a monster, you are rewarded for BEING a monster... Abduct your enemy, hide in plain sight, devour their corpses as you kill them - your glory is rampage. >:)"
,Not Recommended,273350,24187873,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Fluffy Tail,Never buying a game from this company again :)Bye Bye wasted money
,Recommended,273350,14975097,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,R4GETV,i love this game so much such a great game
76561198119649156,Recommended,273350,14423492,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Apex.Duke11,"this game is my most expected game of 2015 and it is fun, i strongly reccomend this game to all users!!"
,Recommended,273350,14888878,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,☠️ⒸⓊⓅ ⓄⒻ ⒿⓄⒺ,7/10Has the same pros and cons of left 4 dead 2  (accepit its 4 vs 1 instead of 4 vs 4). Not much story. good replay ability. fun with friends. bad DLC's
,Recommended,273350,14757247,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,落ちた>>> Destroyer <<<,"As it came out everyone loved this game, and now there are mixed reviews.  I have a feeling everyone is just upset about Turtle Rock Studios patching everything later than it should be.  This game is really good, and I hope that it isn't sweapt away due to poor maintenance.  Even in its current state though, its a must have should it ever go on sale.  For $60 though, not sure, but I got my money's worth."
,Recommended,273350,14803968,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Yoyoyoya,"Played the Alpha and Beta and now own the game. I haven't been excited for a game in a long time and this one is still fun. I can see myself playing this game for more than just 2 years and still have the same fun i always had. Great game although laggy at times, but that is multiplayer for you."
,Recommended,273350,14832301,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,**[Chico]**,"It's fun and entertaining, the maps generated are amazing and even when on low graphics it's still amazing... four hunters vs. one giant monster and you as the player can play as the huners AND the monster which is awesome be it killing the monster or destroying the hunters you get that satisfaction of just winning or losing I recomend this to those who like to run around, and explore as well as playing diffrent classes and monsters ( 4 of each, 12 hunters, 4 classes to choose from and 4 monsters with diffrent abilities and qerks ) even if you don't feel you'd like it try it out at least."
76561197962071692,Recommended,273350,14743956,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Vapedatchet,as with all games this game is starting to get a lot of hackers. hopefully this will reduce once observe mode is added
76561198086938033,Recommended,273350,14801317,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Raptor Jesus,"This game is very entertaining, exciting, fun filled, stratigect, and much more. This game can be playing with alies to team up or take down. There are many combinations for what the hunters can be as well as the monster. I rate it 4.5 out of 5. This game does get dull after the same routine but punches right into action again as you unlock new characters/monsters. The game is very enjoyable with friends and if youre the monster it is fun dominating and figuring out new ways to kill your prey, or will you be taken down? That is for you to decide."
76561198071846725,Recommended,273350,14832237,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Corrossssive!,the game is very fast and action packed. it produces a new feel that i have yet too see anything like in any other game.
76561198019346011,Recommended,273350,21356925,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Silent Killer,"Great grame, love to play the monster! Everyone should get this game and battle with your friends and verse others and of course EVOLVE!!!!"
76561197987784920,Recommended,273350,14455906,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,phi phi,"good stuff, you dont have to buy any DLC."
,Recommended,273350,15789505,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,masterrix,"badass monster vs team, nice graphics, nice overall concept, very different characters and monsters.a must have for multiplayer fansfor the whiners: just wait for a pricedrop instead of flaming like 12 years old schoolkids8.5 / 10"
76561198094200715,Not Recommended,273350,24181901,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Gapmonkey,"the game use to be incredibly fun to play both as the monster and the hunters, but now they have made the stealth of the monster useless since the hunters can just find where u are instantly. The amount of food needed to evolve seems to take forever and seems pointless to even evolve. And thats if u get to be the character u picked. The game is now filled with bugs such as where it just randomly gives you a charcter not the one you pick. Its great that they made it f2p but they removed a ton of maps, and content which people that paid for had. Its just disappointing."
76561198177665535,Recommended,273350,24602668,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,NUKE_Womboh2016,Dude how can i get behemoth like it says that this character is in a maintenance lavores to do better the game experience
76561198110346421,Not Recommended,273350,24357282,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Godofdeath002,"I'm one of the closed Beta testers. I stopped playing the game after ranked came to the game and the game was forcing you to play a ranked game to get your rank, it took 3 hours to find a match every time. When the game came out of beta it was a pretty good game, the game was balanced and very interesting to play a part of wraith. when the game went public they started to over nerf and buff monsters which didn't even need to get buffed in the first place, instead of focusing on more downloadable content turtle♥♥♥♥♥ put their focus entirely in the following 3 things. 1) Over nerfing 2) Over buffing 3) Getting more payable contend which added nothing of content to the game at all.  The game wasn’t popular because of one reason, no content and to ♥♥♥♥ing expensive. 60 euro for the base game 2 game modes and 4 –x 4 hunters and 3 monsters. For everything else you had to pay. They just couldn't get it right, over nerfing Cabbot and wraith, then buffing wraith to the point he was more overpowered then in beta ... I stopped playing and as soon as the game turned into F2p I though why not join back ? Only to find out everything I had was erased. all game modes apart of one were simply gone and every and I mean every hunter character had immense nerfs, the mobile arena can now be thrown by everyone and sometimes only lasts for 20 s tops, with 1minute 30 cooldown, cloak ability of support is simply removed from the ♥♥♥♥ing game. Satellite scans for all trappers? And worst of all, you now have to spend credits to unlock skills?????? Wtf turtle you ♥♥♥♥ed up. Making it F2p had to be done but why the ♥♥♥♥ all the nerfs and changes in gameplay, why the ♥♥♥♥ remove all game modes apart of hunt and arena????? The game had nice mechanics in it which are now gone, it used to be about skill and team play, the game looks more like team fortress or battlefield hero’s. I’m disappointed as ♥♥♥♥ on how they screwed up every aspect which defined this game.For everyone who wants even more repetitive gameplay then before and no ♥♥♥♥ing content at all. Sure, play this game.If you actually payed for this game I would have to ask. '' How the ♥♥♥♥ did you like that anal fist♥♥♥♥♥♥without any ♥♥♥♥ing lube by turtle♥♥♥♥♥♥ ?""Update: They removed more then half the ♥♥♥♥ing maps in this game."
,Recommended,273350,14416216,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,BolZ@rd™,Great gamefor those that thinks its expensive than dont buywait for sales than u buyif not dont waste ur timethis game is overall greatits great thats why its expensive deal with it
,Not Recommended,273350,29915652,Posted: 13 February,all,TheHammerSlays,You switched the pprice form $50 to free to place? are you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥kidding me? I saved up for this trash game and you make it free?
76561197981523790,Not Recommended,273350,24173649,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,RubyMadness,"So, I wrote a review for this game day one. Now seeing its a free to play. I'm really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I spent 120 bucks thanks to the game day one 60.00 then two seasaon passes. Makes you wonder why didn't 2k say in the 1st place you know this was a bad idea to make people pay for this. Well lol and behold what us day 1 players were expecting from Evolve a year and some change later. So to those of you who didn't buy this over hyped game. Its worth playing. To you veterans like me who sunk their time and skills into. I don't think i can get back on a Golaith  again. This game took my money then said ♥♥♥♥ you t('.'t) were free now. With all these other games comming out and this one trying stay afloat. I don't recomend it. Titan fall2 would be worth sucking your money. Or saving up for a new video card. I'm not gonna waste anymore time in a dying game."
,Recommended,273350,14415848,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,-bZ-jlewis709,games amwsome. i have not tried being the monster cause it not my style but assuault is beast!
76561197979338039,Recommended,273350,14935773,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,RoninSnowman,Can't Get Enough.. Awesome Game.. Worth It!!.. Griffin's Ma' Boy!!!
76561198067453166,Not Recommended,273350,20596417,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Genesis3_1,Gamed died again and is now full of scrubs. No longer fun to play because of it. GG TRS please just give up while you're behind.Rip Evolve 2016-2016
,Not Recommended,273350,19878703,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,AshFromHouseWares,If only it could Evolve into a better game...
76561198216735696,Recommended,273350,23924563,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,maor,This is a good game a really spacial game stayle.I never seen something like this befor im really happy with it.But there isnt a lot of player that play this game right now because 2k added a lot of DLC and its cost a lot of money.I hope that u guys will join this game and we will play togther some time.
76561198185014507,Recommended,273350,22012666,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Suh Dude,Fun as hell
76561198059295649,Recommended,273350,14784410,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,HeartOnStickMustDie,"There are two types of reviews this game is going to get.The first type will call this game good, great, or even revolutionary, with varied classes and characters within classes to keep gameplay fresh, so on and so forth.The second type will call this game bad due to repetitiveness of gameplay, cliche and unimaginative roles for characters, lack of story, and of course the dlc (Looking at you Angry Joe).This review will be of the first variety.The first thing I want to say about Evolve is that it is exactly as advertised.  One of the biggest complaints about games these days is how developers and producers ""fluff up"" the gameplay/graphics in trailers leading up to release.  That didn't happen here, everything in the game is exactly how it was advertised to us over the long development period, which included gameplay trailers AND a whole tournament with prizes played by fans at E3.  Not even the graphics are any less than advertised, unless I missed some minute details while playing (the game looks really good even if I did, no complaints here.)The unlock system is also very noteworthy.  There are multiple characters in each class at release that are not available at first, along with a multitude of skins for the monster and hunter's weapons.  However, you only unlock new characters as you improve your skills with the starting characters in each class.  Once you have performed with enough skill as a tier 1 assault class, you get the tier 2 one, and so on.  This requires you to play multiple roles to get the full potential out of the game, making you prove your worth and also giving you a chance to find a character who has a skill set that works with you.  The only things you have to pay any real money for are the skins, the fluff.  It's not like some other particular fps's where half the game has to be bought after you've paid for the game upfront.  Non-essential fluff is all the dlc this game has, which is pretty much all dlc should be, and the developers get it.Gameplay itself is very different from your average multiplayer fps, which should be obvious from the get-go.  This isn't a run-and-gun shooter to get instant action on just by turning on your console.  In this game you have to play smart, especially if you're the monster.  You have to keep track of your enemy's movements and where they might go to either avoid them, or catch up, and once a fight erupts it is all-out chaos!  On either side, you also have to be warry of your environment on top of your player adversaries, as there are plenty of npc animals and plant traps just waiting to catch careless players by surprise, which can absolutely turn the tide of a whole match.  The difference in multiplayer between this game and, say, Call of Duty is pretty much the same as the Hunger Games vs. Twilight: one is for those who like to think, and the other is for those who just want something dropped in their laps.  That may be an over-exageration but I think it translates my point well enough.The only thing I can think to say negativly about this game is that you will ultimately get stuck playing a role you don't like/aren't familiar with.  This will happen eventually, and it can suck.  In my experience though, it doesn't happen often, and even if it did, you're robbing yourself of part of your purchase if you stick with only one or two roles/characters anyway.  Who knows?  You could be dropped into a game where you are stuck as the monster, and end up liking it more than hunters.I really enjoy this game, I fully recommend it to people looking for something new, and I'm sure given time it will go on sale if the price is intimidating."
76561198100227754,Recommended,273350,14784401,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,JùkÏñ,Clearly one of the best games out up to date. well worth getting
,Recommended,273350,14782801,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Slick,"A little pricey, but very fun. DLC shenanigans is stupid, the DLC is entirely cosmetic and has zero effect on the game. Like every other multiplayer game out there, there are tons of idiots. But when you get that one lobby, the game as fun if not more fun than any other multiplayer game i've ever played. 1 good match will hook you on this game for good. Turtle Rock is working on fixing some of the more glaring issues. If you don't buy it now, buy it when the price drops for sure. Repetitivity is the core of every multiplayer game - CS:GO, LoL, DotA2, SC2, etc. Anyone saying this game is repetitive is trying to insult it but doesn't really have a good reason. Maps are massive and engages are different in every scenario. Where the dome is placed, whos playing which role and which character, which wildlife are in the area, what buffs who has, etc. Playing alone is fun if the people have mics and aren't idiots, and that can be said about every extremely popular multiplayer game today.TL;DR form an opinion for yourself after the price drop, this game seems to be extremely polarizing one way or the other. And the DLC debate is garbage."
,Not Recommended,273350,14422771,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,If U Seek Amy,Circlejerk
,Recommended,273350,14429412,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Jason GEX,can you imagine if valve added hats to tf2
,Not Recommended,273350,12742778,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Sad Panda,"Both my mate and I have the Alpha but we can't do anything cause too much lag, even dropped our setting to low.Are there any other Aussie who have the Alpha that can play this without lagging?"
76561198025732569,Recommended,273350,14571213,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,.shN,"Monsters were found, giggles were had.Hunters were found, screams were had.10/10 would wake up my wife again."
,Not Recommended,273350,24220123,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,☠WhiteBeard⚜BlackWolf☠,"I am done with 2K and Turtle Rock Studios, I have paid 100$ for this crap that was barely worth 10$.Now I see that it became a free2play game.Seriously, just pirate their games, they are a bunch of thieves, I am against piratage but that's all  they deserved after being such di**heads, they should officialy go bankrupt and just give up on the video game industry.We should just get a full refund for this crap instead of getting some in-game coins (barely any), I have paid for a crappy game, okay, my bad, my bad for thinking that it would be an at least average game, my bad for not thinking one second, that this game was in the making by a bunch of incompetents who doesn't care about if it is good or not, but only about the money.But one thing's for sure, I did not pay for in-game money nor for a free2play game.I don't care about their eula, it's crap, so is this game.5/10 for the game itself.-10/10 for the price it had back then.-10/10 for how Turtle Rock Studios think their game was worth at least 200$.-10/10 for how much 2K and Turtle Rock Studios are a bunch of poor pathetic incompetents good at nothing but being a bunch of brainless and in all seriousness, pathetic greedy a*****es.The game itself is an okay game, unbalance things here and there but it's an okay game after all, I'll admit it, it's just the fact how they made us paid that much for an unoptimized game that is very low on content.But still, Left 4 Dead is better in almost every terms, it's quality, unlike this.But yeah right, let's listen to the community, ""They all do that today, it's normal, they need to feed their families"".Look at The Witcher 3, it's the only recent game in years that was really worth its price right at its release, and it still does because it's great, it has lot of content, they are a great developer that does not apply crap such as ""denuvo"" in their game, they don't make their game free2play, they don't add ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, they don't sell skins, and I could go all day long.You get my point right, if you don't, you are either brainless, or you are one of those new generation of ""gamer"" idiot.The only problem with The Witcher 3 would be that they did not released modding tools and that they will never do, that's probably my only complain about The Witcher 3, they doesn't seems to giving a heck about mods even if they do care about the community (more than the other developers/publishers anyway).But in the end, it's not like this game has it, it's missing everything that it should have.The most funny thing is, back then, they said that their game was worth ""200$"" while it was barely even worth 30$.It's getting really annoying how developers and publishers think their games are worth more than a price in particular while let's be honest, most of the moderm games barely has any content and they're just simply bad, not even worth 30$, 20$ or even 10$ depending of the game.I'm getting really annoyed by the modern gaming industry, better give up, let it fall and play older games for the rest of our life but of course not because there will always be sheep and dumbasses who will encourage that kind of crap.Congratulations guys, you are making the cancer even bigger, you're now a part of the cancer.And for the Founder pack, I doubt that they will bring us more stuff for ""free"" (considering that we paid way too much for too few), perhaps a few things but that's it, do not except more from them nor from any modern developer/publisher, it's just the way it is, CD Projekt RED are one of the last great developer, I seriously hope that I am wrong about the part that will give us nothing or barely anything but I seriously doubt that they will give us content that we deserve, skins are barely worth anything, they'll give us a bunch of skins that even you could make then that's it, ""we got your money anyways"".Logically, we should get everything for ""free"" (considering that we paid a lot for that game), past, present and future content.They made enough money off it anyway, plus there will be dumbasses who are gonna buy keys with real money so in the end, it would only be fair to the people who paid for that game.Despise the fact that it was already wrong before it went Free2Play, I do hope that we'll be able to  launch the game like it was before.They said that they would explain how soon.""You can still boot up original Evolve if you want to (you'll need to have owned Evolve on Steam to access Legacy Evolve). We'll have instructions on how to do so soon!""I don't care about the skins, all I care about is playing with the bots and having fun, I rarely play on multiplayer games since the communities in almost every games, are cancer.I am not sorry at all if I have offended any of you sheep out there, and for the legit gamers, glad that you guys are smart enough to make a difference between a bad game and a good one, and the difference between a bad developer and a bad one.2K lied, they did not bring us what they promised, they changed everything, they removed lot of things and they think their game is worth a lot.♥♥♥♥ them, can't be more brainless than that.Seriously, I'd say to just pirate their games, but it's illegal, and anyway, their games aren't worth your time so buy good games instead, there are plenty of good games out there on Steam, don't encourage developers like these.Pirating their games would lead to encouraging them in some way.So just don't, just ignore them, for the sake of the gaming industry, ignore them.Or keep acting like brainless morons and keep buying their games even after getting treated like that."
76561198085579511,Recommended,273350,14428882,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Senpai 先輩,"I recomend this game, cause its different from your everyday bs cod and bf shooter. The game has potentional"
,Recommended,273350,14413540,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,CCCM89,"If not for the thought that they're locking off content like additional characters behind a $100 pay-wall, I'd probably enjoy this game a lot more.  That's not to say the gameplay is bad, it plays wonderfully, it's a great game and you should totally buy it...when it goes on sale and/or they stop trying to milk us for all we're worth just to unlock all the game's current on-dsic(so to speak) content."
76561198037102458,Recommended,273350,14457523,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Fat Val,"This game is great! Everyone seems to be complaining about the cost, but the gameplay is AWESOME. I get 60fps consistently, graphics are sharp, good lighting. Replayability is definitely there, every round is different. The tutorial is a bit strange in the way it just drops you in, and yes the first time you play each character in MP it plays a tutorial video, but only the first time. After that, the game is extremely fun. Building characters gives some challenge, and is fun to accomplish. Lots of running (tracking). And seems to be fairly well balanced between hunters and the monster. Competent players can win on either side. So I give it three thumbs up. If you can't afford it, don't buy it; or get a job, get out of your mom's basement, pay rent /bills, get ahead of the game (life), then splurge and get the game if you really want it.  Otherwise.....quit complaining. Sad seeing all these down votes for such a great game over kids who can't afford to purchase it.Running Simulator 2015....Would Run Again!Specs:Win 8.1AMD Fx 8350 Black Edition- underwater8gb Corsair Dominator Platinum 1866EVGA GTX 980 Sli"
,Recommended,273350,14437326,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,C,"****READ****This is my Honest review of the game and what i think about the gameEvolve is a fun to play game and is really great and fun, but hearing about all the DLC and how it was made for DLC is kinda a turn off, for me atleast. and i dont like the whole dlc thing. Evolve is a really fun game and i thing they nailed it just all the DLC and stuff dosent work well for me cause i am not rich i do not have all this money to spend its still a very fun game however its not worth the $60 and should be around $20-$30 if that. its a very fun game i dont recomend you buy this right now but i do recomend you pick it up during a sale!"
,Recommended,273350,12782967,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Jaxx,"Mfw people with less than 10 hours of gameplay are giving bad reviews. Are you giving a bad review because the game is BAD, or are you giving a bad review because YOU DONT LIKE THE GAME? The bias is REAL rofl. The replayability of this game is insane- I can barely run it in the alpha right now 'cause my graphics card isn't powerful enough to handle an un-optimizable Cryengine, but good god. The game itself is beautiful, both sides are balanced (barring the Kraken. bugger needs to be tuned rofl), the audio of the game is immense- seriously, hop into a match with stereo headphones on, turn up the volume and whoaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa- the atmosphere envelops you like an ocean.7/10- game is still in alpha, lots of bugs/etc. some balancing reqs, graphics customizing blah blah. seriously though- this game is sick, and that's coming from the dude with 20fps (that's also why I only have 2 hrs on record :\)"
,Recommended,273350,14425878,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,BobaFettzroth,"Don't believe the butthurt.""But...but...look at all that evil DLC!""No one is forcing you to buy skin packs. Get over it.Evolve is a great co-op shooter. The solo-play modes are solid, but multiplayer is what this game was made for. Highly recommended if you have some friends to play with, still recommended if you don't."
76561198047709784,Recommended,273350,14420108,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,IceboundMetal,"It can be a rocky first start when playing as the monster but once you get the hang it out and how they all work you are the hunter no matter what. Those hunters are stuck on this planet with you, not the other way around. Make those hunters feel good by letting them get a few hits in then run and try and Evolve."
,Recommended,273350,24195183,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Sukeruton,Just raising the review percentage
,Not Recommended,273350,16068712,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Jook,"First off: The AI hunters are OP...literally...I die within 3 minutes everytime...Second: You can't hide as the monster at all, the hunters ALWAYS find youThird: It's P2W."
,Recommended,273350,14437306,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,PrinceHamlet,"A solid game that can get very addictive. Best with friends, random parties are well, random."
76561198061518409,Recommended,273350,14478849,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,MrHonsel,"turtle rock studios made a very good co-op shooter, and 2k ruined it with lots and lots of dlcs."
76561198090308921,Recommended,273350,19760202,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,noc D,Very underrated game.
,Not Recommended,273350,24224021,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,» sMuRfy «,"I payed $60 for this game and it goes F2P only 6 months later, thanks to the dev team."
76561198091257100,Recommended,273350,14420611,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,DoctorDerpp,kids are stupid and  have noo money. its funny when all you see the bad reviews over money well if you live you life around 60-80 or even a 100 bucks ur a loser and need to move out of your parents house. evolved is amazing flawless game with awesome modes with insane replayablilty.for all the kids out there you cry over this i show noo pity. your not helping with all those reviews there alot of people out there they need a honest opinion not just bcuzz you kids dont have jobs to pay for your games!!!!!!!
,Recommended,273350,14425660,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,[FPHZ],"First off: This game is a ton of fun and I am really having a blast with it. People are taking a poo on this game because they don't like Day 1 DLC, which I really don't blame them, I don't really like it either. People aren't really looking at the game for what it actually is and instead are giving it a bad score because of Turtle Rock having 2K as a producer.Pros-Lots of fun and high replay value.Solid controls.Great graphics.Well put together dialogue and lore with a great voice acting cast.Slight leveling and progression mechanic. (unlike L4D)Cons-Day 1 DLC.Overall, the game is great and it had great scores up until release because of the Day 1 DLC. So don't miss this great game because people are the internet are butthurt. Lets support Turtle Rock and hopefully they will learn from this mistake with 2K."
,Not Recommended,273350,15938226,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Dead Jesus,LOLThis game is F2P now♥♥♥♥ed over your fan base and the money dried up?Now trying to ♥♥♥♥ over the F2P crowd as well ya greedy ♥♥♥♥♥?
76561197970993899,Recommended,273350,14415401,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Magg0t,First thing that happens is a russian dude tells everyone he wanna ♥♥♥♥ our moms and then lick our ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!Russians in everygame best realtime simulator ever with monsters included both in the game and behind the screen!
,Not Recommended,273350,14669941,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Bubi,crap.
76561198060436566,Not Recommended,273350,24192158,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Moffatt,"gotta start off by saying i love this game and when it came out i played alot of it on my friends acount since i didnt have it myself. i loved the evacuation gamemode i loved the artstyle of the maps and the monsters and some of the hunters are well made. i have had a blast with this game and i got so sad when the game was dying out so now when my friend told me that its alive again i ofc tried it but ive only played stage 2 an hour but i can just say from that little time that its not worth it. every class and every character can use the dome that was before limited to the tracker and instead of that the tracker have a global ♥♥♥♥ing scan that makes him see the monster wherever it is so that means everyone is playing a character with a tracking dart pistol so 10 seconds after you can move as the monster you are already tagged by the tracker. i have yet to see a game that takes more than 4 minutes so end since its so easy to find the monster and now you might ask, well didnt the monster get a buff since its so easy to find it? hell no why would they? idk for me the game is ruined, you cannot have fun as the monster anymore and theres so many bugs while in a party with friends that its not worth the time downloading. give it a year or so to uppdate and hopefully remove the stupid♥♥♥♥♥global scan so the game will again be balanced."
76561197968295090,Recommended,273350,14435647,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,bv728,"Gameplay is solid - great hunt-and-destroy action from both sides, and clever mechanical shifts between characters. Heavily asymmetric gameplay reduces the need for map gimmicks - not only is each monster unique, but each team of hunters plays differently due to synergies. Nothing critical seems to be siloed off into DLC, just expansion pack style stuff and cosmetics - there's a good chunk of it though."
76561198014391808,Recommended,273350,14416909,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Rayshar,"Evolve is a fun game of cat and mouse, where the mouse sometimes is the hunter. Tons of fun with 4-5 friends, you can play a private game if u have a party of 5, where u can choose any role (hunter or monster)."
,Recommended,273350,14447551,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,that Seanie guy,"I'll be completely honest, this game was fun for the first 2 days for me. People didn't know the maps, everyone was still using basic character, people didn't have ""pro strategies"" yet, other than their experience for the Alpha and Beta. I was actually winning a few games as monster, and everyone wasnt spamming the ""twister of death"" move as the Wraith.Now, however, it's getting old. I'm still leveling up characters but I'm not exactly able to do it well when Kraken is awkward as♥♥♥♥♥♥to control and every player who has it is spamming Wraith for an easy win.7/10 Fun Game, boring/hard to keep playing once everyone is at higher levels."
76561197996329900,Recommended,273350,14438613,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Blake,ALPHA/BETA AND 1ST DAY PURCHASER REVIEWThis game is an amazing time for tactical FPS players. The graphics are stunningly beautiful. I was worried the community of players might be a pain to deal with but I was wrong. A lot of respectful adult players so far. I have not had to deal with any immature players. The controls are perfect and easily customized. The air drop cut scenes before each match are hilarious. I love the trapper role as the strategy of finding and trapping the monster each match always offers something new. I actually enjoy all the roles in the game even playing the monster. This game for me is an adrenaline rush each match and I cant say enough good things about how much fun I have while playing this. The only real complaints I have seen on this game have been the price and the DLC's. My opinion is that a AAA title as well done as this deserves the price. The DLC argument is kind of pointless in my opinion because you don't have to purchase them. Not to mention they are skins. The maps coming out will be free. Regardless all games will have their haters but this game is a lot of fun and I think anyone who gets it will not regret it.
,Recommended,273350,14468834,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Deathwing,"Evolve is a great game with high replay value. A 4 Vs. 1 game, it can be played solo or on multiplayer, with different gamemodes, and a campaign called Evacuation. On the hunters side, teamwork is a must to bring down the monster controlled by another player. Good communication will result in an easy victory.There is a progression system in place, which allows the content unlock of more characters and customisation options.There are a total of 12 Hunters, seperated in 4 classes. Assault, Medic, Support and Trapper, filling different roles, and the characters in each one have different abilties for different play styles.The same goes for the monster, but there are only three. Goliath, Kraken and Wraith, each with their own unique playing.There's also perks in the game that are unlocked by leveling, or aquired by killing alpha creatures.Regarding the DLC, its all optional. None of it is required to play the game, as it doesn't give an edge over other players, unlike games like Battlefield."
,Recommended,273350,17875032,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Anatomy,the game are Awesome 9/10.
,Not Recommended,273350,24276369,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Sanad,"BS. They just took our money because we bougth the game first. I spent around 80$ on the game and now all that money gone o waste. Not even a refund of sorts or a compensation. Disgraceful, Actually disgraceful."
76561198077548378,Recommended,273350,14727130,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Rave,"Lol, I need achievement"
76561198097813158,Recommended,273350,14503949,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,[KRAG] Canterlot Royal Guard,"As the monster you get to kill players and then eat their bodies10/10Seriously though Evolve is a masterpiece in asymetric gameplay. Strategically deep, infinitely custimizable, endlessly replayable. The only naysayers are those who are lying when they say the game is bad because they simply dissaprove of the DLC. Which is dishonest. When you review a game you should review the gameplay and thegameplay only. Just because you dissaprove of certain business practices doesn't mean the game itself is somehow poor. That said the only real DLC that exists are alternate skins."
,Not Recommended,273350,21433966,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Simbim,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../................. _____.......__............._____............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸.............|...__.....\....|...|............/... ___|........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........|...|....\....|....|...|...........|..../........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...')........|...|.....|...|....|...|...........|...|.........\.................'...../.........|...|__/...|....|...|____....|...\____..........''...\.......... _.·............|_____./.....\______\....\_____|............\..............(..............\.............\"
,Recommended,273350,14442339,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Trozzbozz,"I don't care what the other reviews are saying. I see some are complaining about DLC. Well♥♥♥♥♥♥ just don't buy the DLC then. As for the gameplay. It feels like a hunt, it plays great. It's balanced and exciting. Delve into this thing people. We are through the looking glass. (Okay, not really, but it's fun to say). It's especially fun with a group of friends to bring the pain with.TL'DR Buy this, Play This, Have Fun.Ignore the haters."
,Recommended,273350,14502384,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Grandpa Option,"This game is super fun times!  It really just needs MORE.  More levels.  More everything.I mean we're talking $60-100+ dollhairs for a multiplayer-only game.  (Yes, there is a solo mode that is an exact copy of the multiplayer.  Multiplayer=solo, alright.)I would expect an appropriate amount of content.  Where's the stuff?The game itself is just a super great time.  Great idea!  I see plenty of opportunity for super hunter combo platters.  I see plenty of opportunity in manipulating the environs as a MONSTER.  There's plenty of opportunity!  Opportunement though your faceholes.  There's the always fun badge-making stuff with the unlocking of things to make the coolest mostest originalest of all badges.  The characters are are COOOL and FUN.  (I do wish there were more LADIES though).There are some bugs though.  And the options are not very configurable.  I like to set up my headphones and all that optionuffery and I can't.  I have to do some alttabconfigstatustoolz to do things.  It makes me sad.  Where are the configurations?I have to recommend this game because it is fun.  I want more people to play it.  I want to play it forever.  That is the inherent problem with the game.  It was made lacking so that we'd want more content.  More content equals more dollhairs.  They designed a game to make money forever.  A forever cycle of disrespecting my face and my wallet.  It makes me sad inside.  Why not just make a whole game?IN CONCLUSION:  Play this game so it lives to eventually not be so stupid.  Don't let it Titanfall.  Let's all play it.  It WILL be fun.  Maybe.P.S. The DLC is like, whatever, man.  It's just looky looky stuff.  Who cares?"
76561197992199740,Not Recommended,273350,24173007,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Zetsubou (Westy),Still boring and buggy. Just running around for 10 mins with brief combat.whee....fun
,Not Recommended,273350,24176699,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,«|§|» Eirik «§»,Went to forums asking for refund on all my purchases.got baned from forums for asking for refunds.Can't wait to see this game's population die again.
76561198061901573,Not Recommended,273350,21974085,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,N7Jake | H4ven,Wish I never bought this♥♥♥♥♥♥...
,Recommended,273350,14458472,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,m(A)tt,game is good idk why people are complaining about spending money to look cool which i dont understand
76561198006796765,Not Recommended,273350,24229963,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Amigo,"Even though I like the game I still find serious design flaws in it combined with clueless and snobbish attitude of developers.EDIT: adding contentThe short answer is simple - it's developers are clueless and ignorant/arrogant/snobbish. Now let me explain.While the concept is good and certainly interesting they made several design mistakes which they cannot probably revert now.- Playing as monster is harder than playing as a hunter. You play against 4 people and you are called monster even though it is not that easy to kill even 1 hunter. Monsters are usually powerful and fearless. Playing as a monster you are on the run, you are afraid of getting caught. What kind of monster runs away from people anyway? I think the game is suffering from the lack of monster players.- It seems like developers wanted to make this game a blast. Marketing blast - it will explode on release with huge sales and then go down after a while. But it seems they were not completely satisfied with it. They wanted for people to stay playing it. But people didn't want to becasue there was not much content and replayaility.- Somehow their process of making new monsters and hunters is very difficult. They focused on hunter interactions - hence every new hunter requires a lot of voice overs and other work. They cannot create full hunter skins and full weapon skins - only paint jobs since this is easier thing to do. That's why they decided to make hunter duplicates - like Rogue Val, etc. instead of making new hunters. I personally find it subpar.- It seems their focused audience was people like Abe. Like ""this ♥♥♥♥♥ is cool people!"" people. You know those guys who will buy a game, play a few hours and then forget about it. The thing is these kind of people don't stay with the game for long. You gotta satisfy other people too. The kind of people who want to play the game for a long time.- I think their development philosophy is like this ""We are a small company, we don't have a lot of manpower. So let's focus on things that are really important and ignore other things"". So they made the basic gameplay and ignored many other features which the game lacked due to this decision. And this fact affected the negative reaction of people towards the game.- Now Evolve stage 2 was their answer to negative review with one dominant factor - ""This game is a running simulator"". So they took this and decided to make the game more dynamic, with more brawling and less running around without doing anything really. And indeed the game became faster with more monster doming, fights, etc. But with this move they removed the hunting aspect of the game. The game is no longer a hunt, it's a chase now. They went the easy way, just tuned up the balance, intriduced a couple of abilites and that's it. They could have gone the other way though. Introduce alternative objectives on the map. So that the hunter and the mosnter could choose what to do - to fight, to hide, to do objectives. This could eliminate the mindless running around the map without eliminating the thrill of the hunt.Now let me tell you why I call these developers ignorant. Since the day of release in 2015 they received a ton of feedback from many people and succeessfully ignored that feedback. Here are a few examples:- Matchmaking. Their system forces you to play a role you don't want to play. This is major negative thing and they should have fixed it before going f2p. Now you see people complaining again about matchmaking all the time.- Social features. This game is lacking in this direction. You cannot add people to friends from within the game, there's no way. Steam overlay does not show the people you've recently played Evovle with.- No spectator option. There is no way you can spectate a game in Evolve. People have been asking for this since launch. Correct me if I'm wrong here but I think they even said they were working on it.- No hunter skins. I mean reall skins, not paint jobs. People have been sking for this since day one. Their response was - ""No"". When I came back to the game with f2p change I saw they finally introduced hunter skins, even though paint jobs only.- Elementary thing like character display with abilities, perks, etc. There is none. It's ridicuolus. Why the hell? What were you thinking?- These crates right. You don't even know what's inside those. They open automatically and you ususally get no notification.- Their whole attitued is like this ""We do what we think is important and ignore what people say becasue we know best"". Yeah you do. You gave 3k keys to ""founders"" becasue you thought it would be fair. You removed all the maps and game modes from the game becasue you thought it would be ok. You couldn't even make two clients available for people to play - both evolve legacy and evolve stage 2 becasue you think it would be for the best. Come on, who acts like this?Overall I think these indie developers bit more than they could chew. They wanted to go big, to go AAA. You can't blame them for this but they just don't deliver as an AAA developer.Evolve Stage 2 is a good attempt to revive the game. But the developers haven't changed. With that fact I don't beleive this game will go further. Unless developers will start actually listening to players and do stuff that should have been done a long time ago.It's like you know loving someone even though you know that he/she is not good."
76561198011727237,Recommended,273350,14446684,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,AndersPOW,"Three days have passed. The humans keep sending in their hunters after me.Like the ones before you, you follow me through swap and jungle, convinced you will be the ones to bring me down.And when you're confident you've got me where you want me, you deploy your thunderdome, so certain I'm done for. None of you seem to understand. I'm not locked in here with you... YOU'RE LOCKED IN HERE WITH ME!"
,Recommended,273350,14536104,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Vanilla Gorilla,Good game! don't listen to the hate!
76561198009862698,Not Recommended,273350,14512286,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Betnemar,"Game Crashes, Doesnt ♥♥♥♥ing run. drops frames and hasn't worked for any period of time for more than 5 mins. I want my money back."
76561198128992408,Recommended,273350,16562687,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Shenanigans,"Very fun game, but it needs more people!"
76561198120393492,Recommended,273350,14460212,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,RUNE,"Right, its a great game!1) I love it and having played 25 hours already. its well worth the time. however, there are some flaws. The Wraith (even though being ""nerferd"") is still so F*cking op. thats the only bad side really.2) I know alot of people are annoyed with the prices of DLC and the game. Here in the UK it was only £35 ( which i thought is preety cheap, for a brand new game) but somehow its $60 in the US. thats a bit overpriced. Anyway lets get back to the DLC, the devs are not stuffing the DLC in your faces. You dont NEED to buy them. Yes, there is a small icon called ""store"" but are they forcing you to buy stuff? i dont think so...3) so just play the game and have fun. Stop moaning about the prices of DLC. Find And Kill That Monster.., Happy Hunting!"
76561198035458086,Recommended,273350,14435995,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Schmidler,FIRST 3 HOUR+Beta empression (Only Hunt mode)In general a lot of fun.However the tutorial is not enough to explain every detail. You need to look up some tipps in the internet to undestand the basics and stand a chance on both sides.Monster seems a lot stronger than Hunters at least at beginners level. If you stealth walk enough as monster the Hunters never get your track until your are lvl 2 or 3. Map is helping the monsters more than the Hunters (Color wise).Once I walked past some Hunters and they did not even see me and went in the complete opposite direction...However it is a lot of fun with some friends who scream in their headsets :-DPros:-Awesome Monster-Jetpacks-different roles and chars for each-every hunter has different equipment-awesome feeling when winning on both sides-hunting drillCons:-maps look basicly the same-Decent Monster can avoid (beginner) hunters most of the time-not enough tutorials (monster gets stamina when hit by bullets wtf)
,Recommended,273350,14436435,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,XO -,Game is great but it´s not worth the 60 bucks maybe 19.99 just wait untill it´s on sale.
76561198050231851,Recommended,273350,14912239,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Mamnoony,f2p was a great decision.  it's a good game that's not asking for way too much now.
,Recommended,273350,14454905,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Hermann,"Really, this game is great it does cost alot alot of money, but to get the full game, its 10 dollars extra, or if you pre-order it, it is just the normal 60 dollars. All DLC's other tham behemoth, wich was 10 dollars, is pureley skins, no game-changing things. Enough of the price, onto the game. Its what you think if your a monster (wich is my favorite), you run away, hide and eat wildlife until stage 3 (wich you ghet from eating), then you go and murder the hunters. if youare a hunter, you try to find the monster, and kill him before he reaches stage 3 (or hes very powerful to say the least) and the way you do that is with the trap, wich makes a dome around the monster so he can't escape, then pound him to death with big guns."
,Recommended,273350,14732245,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Shadow Daemonic,this game looks very impressive and i'd suggest having a decent PC to run itunfortunately the online community isn't as active i'm led to believe though i haven't played in a whileif you can gather a bunch of mates with similar skill levels and convince them to all pick up this game and ensure they each have a headset you'll have an awesome time either stalking your friends as the monster or playing together to take down another mate playing the monsterif not i find it hard to recommend
,Recommended,273350,14769421,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,AudioEmu,"First off, I don't see people's issue with this game's DLC. Yea, its overpriced skins (which I may or may not have purchased some of...) but that's it. Skins. Absolutely zero gameplay effects and absolutely zero reason to talk about it. Want the skins? Cool, buy them. Don't want the skins? Cool, don't buy them.With that out of the way, this is a really really fun game. I'm a sucker for asymmetrical multiplayer, and this just pulls it off so enjoyably. There are 4 classes of hunter, each with (as of the time of this writing) 3 characters to unlock for a total of 12 hunters. Each is very unique - even within the same class - but yet they all remain balanced, and all are essential to the team's success.As of now, there are three monsters. I haven't played as all of them so I can't speak too in depth about their effectiveness, but as someone who has played against them all a handful of times, I can say that they seem balanced. I do know that playing as the monster is great fun, especially early when fight or flight is a huge deal. The tension and excitement are something that I've been missing in games recently, and its nice to have one that can really deliver it.The only major bug that has yet to be patched out is the occasional persistent cursor glitch where your mouse pointer stays on the screen while playing, moving around as you move the camera. It is annoying at first but you eventually stop seeing it. I'm not excusing it by any means (seriously turtle rock, cmon. It's been like 2 weeks, hide the damn cursor already) but the game is not nearly as buggy as some people make it out to be.All in all, I definitely reccommend this game for purchase. Should you wait for a sale or at least another patch? Ehh...maybe. I can however tell you that I spent 80 bucks on this game and the season pass, then another 20 from csgo skin trades on the skin packs and don't regret a single cent."
76561198137214020,Recommended,273350,16677384,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Masingo,"I still love this game allthough one thing that is going to drive people and me INSANE is that the fifth tier hunters aren't comming out for another NINE MONTHS (it says that on the news for evolve and it on the LENNOX release). I mean why even show people the teaser for the new DLC if we cant use it for allmost a year? And i bought the MONSTER RACE PACK so i could get 2 extra hunters (tier five) and the fifth monster. But i wanted all of them so i bought ""HUNTING SEASON 2"" for $25 and then on the news page for lennox it says that now you can get all of the TIER FIVE hunters and the fifth monster so i just wasted $25. And the pricing is CRAZY its allready been four months and the game is still $60 and to get one weapon skin for a hunter its about $2. Turtle rock and 2k and all of them are basicly stealing money. BUT i still will recomend this game because it is very fun."
76561198042326166,Recommended,273350,14969470,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Zekaniah,A game of tag with a giant♥♥♥♥♥monster.... And guns... :3*Edit: And Daisy! Who could forget about Daisy?! <33
76561197972162805,Recommended,273350,14775845,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,cytog64,"When I first watched the demo's of this game, I was very curious. It looked like some sort of Left For Dead + Epic Boss Fighting game.How does it work? This is a 4 V 1 game. Four hunters take on a monster, all player controlled. In early phases, hunters have the upper hand and the monster is just trying to survive. During the midgame, the monster becomes much more dangerous to take on. In the end game, the monster now has the upperhand and can go after an objective. Every game I have played thus far has never ended the same.My purchase was absolutely worth every dollar! It incredibly fun a fast paced. I found learning each class and monster only took me a few games. I think what I like the most is how the dynamic changes over the course of a game depending on how evolved the monster player has become.I hope this becomes a great LAN game...I am playing it at a LAN right now : )"
76561198070102249,Recommended,273350,17944996,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Slothfulkhan,"Killed and ate three hunters, killed the last one (griffin) with large rock.10/10 would dine here again"
,Recommended,273350,21195472,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,◢ Axel ◤ alt,"There's only like 5 ♥♥♥♥ing people who play this game, it's generally an amazing game i have 157.5 hours on my other account on this game and i waited 25 minutes just to find 2 players in a lobby its ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and i wish more people would play this game it's so god damn good! yeah sure there is a lot of stuff that costs a lot of money but you don't need that ""stuff"" to play the game. We need more people to play this game! the player base is fine on console but I don't own one and i'm kinda mad the player base just dropped like a beat because this game was good and it had a great concept and everything but people who don't like it don't even have a real explanation for why they don't like it. thanks for reading i just wasted $50 buying DLC's and the game it'self and i waited 3 and a half hours for the game to install and I haven't even played a single online match yet because I can't! no one plays this game and i'm sad about it :("
,Not Recommended,273350,24246475,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Chloe elizabeth price,"What is wrong with this game? well first i was a player of evolve i pay for it and now they bring free to playi thought well i can play with more people and it will take like 5 or less minutes founding a party but that is ok ok,but they change everything i was like level 40 and elite with every character and monster and when restart they quit me everything they give a extra dlc for people like me but that dlc just bring that skins that i unlock playing so i pay 32 dolars just for skins that i unlock for free? and i can`t play the unic mode that i like invazion it was the unic best in this game and they quit so in a nutshell if you bought the game before free to play is cancer but if you don`t  know nothing is a good game"
,Recommended,273350,24195860,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,DyMinezTV,i payed full price for this game when it came out now its free to play can i get a refund
76561198011015509,Not Recommended,273350,17929597,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,!!!Recruiting!!!,Unless you have a super computer  i would not recomend thi9s game becase MY GAME DIDNT EVEN LAUNCH evreytime i launched it there would be a cry engin failure and i didnt even get to play the game 0/100 it sucked♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,273350,14420750,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Somerandom18,Rawr
76561198082488444,Recommended,273350,16106610,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Arbeit Macht Frei,Every review I read told me not to buy this game. 10/10 would not listen again
,Not Recommended,273350,24160861,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ClamDaButther,It's not a good game i bought it and it was poor made.Now it's a free to play game and i still don't like it.Money back pls???
76561198145932116,Recommended,273350,16476809,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Prince,Awesome Game. Well made. Love the Graphics
,Not Recommended,273350,24286554,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Reinert Zerker,"So, for the Pre-Ordered $80 I spent and countless hours and elite skins I've unlocked, all gone for the replacement of Everything I've already had, and 3000 Keys? I've earned countless keys playing just a few ♥♥♥♥ing rounds. Seriously, is that all I'm worth and the money I've wasted on this game?Wish I could have that $80 back, rent's due soon."
76561198118928213,Not Recommended,273350,24181919,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Vkro98,"I have not played yet but this is just ridiculous. I payed 80 euros for the game and the season pass when it was released and now it is free.But don't get me wrong, this is greatr, I'll be finally able to play the game. The problem is that I've lost all my progress and unlocked content. BUT ALSO, EVEN IF I BOUGHT THE SEASON PASS I HAVE NOT ALL THE CONTENT UNLOCKED.It's just so frustating and obviously a fraudP.D. I really loved the game, I played it for nearly 20 hours and it was great, but ffs this really makes me angry"
76561197981993050,Recommended,273350,14448334,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,SlowedWizard,Awesomegame alot of fun to play! can get pretty intense!!
,Not Recommended,273350,24264499,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Mini Koala,Give buyers a chance to refund!!!
,Not Recommended,273350,24382980,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Admiral Ass Eater,"First off i want to say ♥♥♥♥ the devs on this game. I paid 60$ for preorder and like 17$ 0n dlc and now the game is all of a sudden free because it died. In the beginning things were fine but knowing gamers,they ♥♥♥♥♥ and ♥♥♥♥♥ and ♥♥♥♥♥,so it got patches all the time. I loved playing this iun the beginning when it actually required you to be good. Hunter would win some and monster would win some. Now its horse♥♥♥♥♥♥all around. the new trapper ability is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥with monster and clearly unbalanced. The support ability is annoying as hell with monster and recharges fairly fast. The assault ability is fine and medic is the same. Ever since stage 2 i have hated this game with a passion. I only wish the devs cared about the game in the beginning rather than the money. I felt like i hould post this review because i was extremely dissapointed and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at how downhill it has gottnen. IMO the community has hotten more toxic as well almost as bad as the game. All they do is complain about how the monster is too ""over powered"" yet when they play hunter they suck donkey♥♥♥♥♥♥so the devs try to nerf the monster,thus making the whole game ♥♥♥♥♥ier. I would want to sue the devs but i spent my money on this game when it was actually worth something. GG 2k never buying from your company again. DO NOT PLAY THIS IF YOU DO NOT HAVE SKILL CAUSE IT WILL BE WORSE IN GAME."
76561198056399345,Recommended,273350,14436270,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,joel-grant,I would recommend this game. People are probably disliking it because they feel the need to play a game that has to be fun 24/7. If you don't play video games all day you will defiantly love this game.P.S- The game just came out. There will be more exciting features to come.
,Recommended,273350,23412705,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,lilolsassafrass,"Love it, very fun although needs a bigger community. Many people dis on this game for the dlc's. Then just don't buy the dlc's and have fun with the original."
76561198030445789,Recommended,273350,14665117,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Kenobi_001,"The game delivers on what it promised.The characters are different, the monsters are powerful, the win/loss ratio is about 50/50, with a slight advantage to the monster if the hunters are not communicating, and a slight advantage to the hunters if they are.The maps are all different, although as expeceted, some will become favourites, none stand out as being aweful.The Gameplay is competative, and remains freash on each playthrough.To do so on what had the potential to be a repative concept, is the mark of a very good game.And this is what this is.I am disapointed in all of the ""Reviews"" below, admitting the game is great, buy blasting it for, not being given the eventual expansion for Free.To be clear: There is no Day-One DLC, Everything that has been finished is in the Game.While they will eventually create some additonal content, this will be released, for a Price.All future maps/gamemodes will be released for FREE.You will not need the DLC to play with/against players who have/who use it.In short, very impressed, and very disapointed in the fools who cannot understand the difference between ""Day-One DLC"" and ""Paid Expansions"".They have cheated no one. They havn't scammed you.The game has everything they promised it would have. And it is Good. If you want EXTRA on top of that, well then, you decide if it is worth paying for.In all, a fantastic game."
,Recommended,273350,14666618,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,NeO,Played alpha & beta tests. Game is very colorful. Great COOP game!
,Recommended,273350,14967442,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,✧XucollFrost✧,Did they change the look of behemoth like ALOT ? otherwise im blind
76561198047688857,Not Recommended,273350,24266028,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Fallen Phoenix,dint live up to the hype it got
76561198166692254,Recommended,273350,14975512,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Redsword120,got to play a giant monster 10/10
76561198057338137,Recommended,273350,14961655,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Kaymos,"great game, dont listen to others if they havent tried it for more than 30 hours they probably dont like the game enough to actually play it and they feel they wasted thier money on something repetitive, i find that each match is different so you can say the monsters or the hunters are the same but the play style always changes"
76561198018962788,Recommended,273350,14969610,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Orionox,"I guess, I'll start off by addressing a few misconceptions about this game.TLDR: if you want a FPS that plays vaguely like a MOBA, hide and go seek that requires a decet amount of teamwork and has a decent amount of depth without an inordinate amounts of complexity then this is  the game for you.1) there is $150 worth of day 1 DLC- 95% of that DLC was completely optional Skins for characters. Day 1 nothing gameplay related was locked away behind a pay wall and as the dev cycle for this game continues no maps, nor future game modes will end up being locked behind a pay wall, which is better than what many other games have done2) This game is a cash grabbing scam- Solid gameplay, good polish, and decent balancing are generally not trade marks of a cash grabbing scam. ""BUT THE DLC'S!!!"" again they are skins, which I imagine sell decently, but if the developers had really wanted this to be a crash grab, I'm sure they could have put somehting alot juicier behind their paywall than optional skins day 1 also, if it was a cash grab I'm pretty certain that they wouldn't be releasing their maps for free. The only things you HAVE to buy is nothing, you CAN buy new skins and monsters and hunters when they come out, but I think expecting you to pay for new characters is actually a decent way of monetization, League of Legends anyone?3) game is pay2win-..... I'm not even sure where this one came from...... nothing about this game is pay to win in any sense of the saying4) Game is repetitive and there is only 1 game mode.- Not true at all, there are currently 5 different game modes I believe, and while the game can get repetitive at times, so do all games. For a good comparison, if you like MOBA games and the way their matches and progression is set up you'll probably like this game5) this game is a grind.- Eh, this one is kind of true, the meta progresion system in this game is pretty mediocre, not the best, but no where near the worst I've ever seen either.6) this game is a buggy mess.- I have well over 20 hours into this game and have only encoutered a few  CTD bugs, which have since been fixed.7) This game is WAY unbalanced.- this is a hard statement to adress because the balance of a game can vary wildly between High teir play and low teir play. At High teir play the game is decently balance for being only a month old, but it could do with a few more passes before I'd say it was really ready for a prosepering competitive scene, but they aren't that far off of the base and I imagine they'll be ""there"" pretty soon."
76561198158621639,Not Recommended,273350,24191617,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,DingusLingus,"Game forced you to spend 100+ bucks on it to get full content... makes it free and then takes out the only good mode in game: evacuation, with no extra content for those who spend many hours on the copy they spend a bunch on money onGlad to know the devs dont give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the few players still loyal to this game"
76561198152160072,Recommended,273350,14451151,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Fr0sty,"greatest freakin game of hide and seek i have ever played. this game has all the components of a good game. Destruction, occaisonal use of stealth, equal powered teams if used proprerly, and good game modes and maps to add. although it will take a while for DLC to come out, the monster or hunters in the pack will be well worth the wait."
,Recommended,273350,14450874,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Flip - Villo Villo,"Great game, teamplay FTW!"
76561198072799301,Recommended,273350,15021764,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Bitzo_.,"I do recommend Evolve since it is a fun game which involves coop. One of the main features i love about this game is that you can make a preference on what character you would like to be. It is probably the fairest way. There are lots of dynamics to the game and many outcomes on the matches.However, the game does lack gamemodes, maps and customization on characters. This means that the game seems to not be fully developed yet.All in all, it is a good game"
76561197961588958,Recommended,273350,15587290,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Herr sTein,"Hello,buy this game if you like the 4v1 szenario!This game is a b***load of fun and it's easy to find other players to play with, just use the ingame voice :)Don't listen to the bad reviews, the kids don't know jack ;-)If you are interested click buy!It's not an easy game, but surely competetive !!Great game!"
,Recommended,273350,14965598,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,✫ Nip Nip ✫,♥♥♥♥ the price. Play the game. Its good atleast give it credit for the gameplay and dont judge on the price.
76561198022115469,Recommended,273350,16685347,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,a11051605,"Pretty impressed with the game. I think most the bad reviews where from a rocky launch. No bugs so far, match making is quick and streamlined. Some people may be suprised by ingame purchases but most games have that now and its all cosmetic things, think League of Legends. Any way good game, good matches, n the combat is intense. 10/10"
76561198047296242,Recommended,273350,14605265,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Gnice420,fix matchmaking
76561198087621168,Recommended,273350,19986264,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,CaptainEvil!,fixing cause i forgot about this DLC is no longer a thing so instead you gonna have to grind for those new characters still a fun game tho 10/10 would reccomend
,Recommended,273350,15069958,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,icehuskyR6,Great!
19479285276834562,Recommended,273350,24214940,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Akmaori ™,I bought Evolve when it came out and now this♥♥♥♥♥♥exist? Really? Wtf.. I'm kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about it.
,Not Recommended,273350,23786455,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,god is real i have proof,overated
76561197983301475,Recommended,273350,14446654,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,RabidUrko,"I waited since launch and was highly dubious about buying this, i have now and im so glad i did.The DLC price issue is a concern, but its cosmetic buys so you dont have to to play.Im a few minutes into tutorial and the performance is great and im running on a GTX 460 1 gig.Controls are slick and easy to pick up.I wouldnt personally do a negative review concerning the DLC, the reviews are supposed to be for the main game you have bought, not issues concerning other aspects.IF the DLC had had purchasers to make it in any way P2W, i wouldnt have even thought of buying the game.The game is awesome and this is only my thoughts after a few minutes in the tutorial, im drooling over the thought of getting my teeth into the main game.Not enough variety in the game to warrant £35 , as much as i give it a thumbs up."
,Recommended,273350,12753694,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Hawks,"Great game thus far, don't listen to the negative reviews are the game not worth it. The game doesn't have everything it will have a launch and DLC will provide more even after that. Gamers main concern is if the game is soild and will give you enough fun for your money, and bottomline IT WILL. That's all I worry about and that in essence is all that should matter when spending your money."
,Not Recommended,273350,25111982,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Ouma Komemechi,"Had to pay full price for this game...barely worked, wasn't fun and very repetitive, now i hear it's free... I payed 40 quid for something that i thought was worse than badrats"
76561198054182813,Not Recommended,273350,25051903,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,♠Pan Budzik♠,Game is now freeWhere is my money ?
,Recommended,273350,14577846,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Dog,Awesome gameplay.somehow more unstable than it was is beta. k.
,Recommended,273350,14594300,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Jws1999,ps. This review will most likly have tons of spelling mistakes. Sorry. also i played the beta and game is so much better then what it was then and it will most likly have tons of updates to keep the working well.So Evolve the game of which i had been waiting for. So the basies of this game is that there a monster of which 4 hunters wherther that be you and your frenids or you and some random stangers will try beat by complteing the target of the gamemode or by killing the monster. There are 4/5 gamemodes that being hunt (a gamemode where you have to go and hunt the monster down and kill it)  the next being nest (a gamemode where there are eggs all over the map and you have to destory the eggs or kill the monster) then rescue (a gamemode where you have to go and find injured colonists and take them to the evacuation ship) and then the last one being defend (a gamemode where you have to defend the ship by stoping the monster from destorying the power generators or once again killing the monster). The 5th not really a gamemode is evaation is where it combindes all the other gamemodes in to one big battle where you play one gamemode after another where you start with a hunt and always end with a defend . The other 3 are selctied by the user when given a 2 options to chosie from. Anthor thing with Evacuation is that no play though will be the same as there are bouses given to erthier side depending on werther they win or not on the previse round.Overall the game is very fun. There have been a few glithes none game breacking but annoing. Maybe this game is not worth £34.99 if your frenids don't have it or if you think you won't like it. So overall if your frenids have it and play it it worth it if not then wait for sales and buy it then.
76561198148798140,Not Recommended,273350,33307345,Posted: 6 July,all,lyry19,ruined
,Recommended,273350,14906629,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Black_Furty69,"As monster you think: Mhmmm, gimme the foodAs hunter you think: Gimme them Monsters' bootiesGood Game"
76561198052214521,Recommended,273350,14929405,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,stank on ya,its so damn fun you ♥♥♥♥ing haters are mad because you dont work for money to buy stuff just seat on your♥♥♥♥♥all day its so fun
,Recommended,273350,18725972,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Robin Hood,evolve is great fun! and being able to play on both sides is even better! ont listen to those not recomended reviews evolve is the bets game in my steam libary! all games have their flaws evolve took me 3 days to install but take it from me its worth the wait!
76561198077774598,Recommended,273350,15489228,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Paul.,Great game but heavily reliant on having a good team which isn't always the case.. 8/10
,Recommended,273350,17902111,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Ηuron,Good game fun but requires good hardware
76561197998536009,Recommended,273350,15489631,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,kurogane,good game fast action team based but only if half of the players actly know that is a diffrent story
,Recommended,273350,14456539,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Bear,I r8 8/8 m8Would evolve again
,Recommended,273350,15832206,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,[CV] Nazeem,"Fix the rock wall for behemoth please. Actually, just fix behemoth in general."
76561198069537677,Not Recommended,273350,14510117,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Kibins,The game is very unbalanced
,Recommended,273350,14432552,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Sycoinc,"Take out the Initial Cost, DLC Price's and Delux Edition Extras this game is entertaining, mostly balanced and well its a blast to play if you have a few friends to play with as the Hunters. I suggest for those who do not have friends who have the game play the Monster, well worth the time spent killing it.I only have a short time playing but enjoyed the thrill of being a Monster killing the hunters and getting my objectives done in the 5 round skermish.If you have the extra cash or find it for cheap somewhere I would suggest getting this while the hype is around as If you wait people may have gotten bored with it unless lots of FREE content dropsOverall I give it;Price: 4/10Re-Playability: 7/10 (until more content comes out, from looking at what I played its decent for a good set of playtime)Gameplay Monster: 8/10Gameplay Hunter: 8/10 (with friends) 7/10 (with pub group)"
,Recommended,273350,12735165,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,-Sombra-,Melhor jogo que vai sair do estilo desde o L4D !!!!!
,Recommended,273350,14795630,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,R0LLc33,Highly addicting game.I like it so far.
76561198041975860,Recommended,273350,14795751,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Stix701,great game
76561197974730694,Recommended,273350,14925556,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Weazell,"I don't know what everybody is complaining about:-they just lowered the price-just ignore the DLC, it's just skins and a season pass, so many games have optional season passes (Dying light, Titan Fall, etc.)A friend of mine convinced me to join him, I can't say I regret it, it's a new take on a shooter and requires teamplay.As for the 14 hours I played the only two things I think has to be fixed:-Hunt mode on random maps is very hard for the monster if it chooses a small map-If I disconnect I can't reconnect into the same game (sucks if you have friends you play with)If you are a gear head I gta say that there is not much customazation for hunters (But they fix that with 3 different characters for each class and with the season pass an additional 4th character)As a monster there is nothing like the thrill of being hunted, setting misleading footprints (^=^), and creeping around for the first 5-8 min. Once you hit stage 2 or 3 you will turn it around and hunt instead of being hunted. Stage 3 standoff is best!!!So, I would suggest everyone interested in this game to look up some gameplay vids on YouTube and see if this is something for you.Innovative casual shooter 8/10"
76561198021227501,Recommended,273350,14983219,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Serensis™,"This game is actually pretty awesome.  Initially I refused to buy it, even though I really wanted it, because of the ""day 1 dlc.""  It turns out there is no day one dlc in this game.  The day 1 dlc was actually a pre-purchase for future dlc that still isn't out yet.  Anyway, I got it for 25% off, and even after playing only 6ish hours, I can tell you the game is well worth it.  It is very fun, and while hunters generally have an advantage, being a monster is still awesome.  I highly recommend the game, and since none of the dlc is out yet, the normal version is a great way to go.  If you're interested in evolve and have the money, don't be afraid to give it a try!"
,Not Recommended,273350,24589853,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,xMystery.Teddy ♠,"Lack of maps, lots of bugs. I get nothing special as a Founder."
76561198033136013,Recommended,273350,14434143,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,NoSway,"This game is fun as♥♥♥♥♥♥ and I don't care what everyone says about the whole marketing and price of this game. Every game has to get its nut somewhere to create future content, this game just happened to release it day one. I must say this game has a couple of bugs day one that could be fixed such as ultra wide resolution scaling on the menu and the cursor keeps popping up during gameplay. I'm sure we will have a patch by the weekend that will fix most of this.The game is very intense and if you have a friend or two it makes it even better."
,Recommended,273350,14433654,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Geertex,"Dynamic action, shooter skills, strategy game intelligence. This game has so many reasons to be played."
76561198012551368,Recommended,273350,14805420,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Crimzon187,"The game is definitely fun. Something I'd play a lot there is one draw back to the game the ""price tag"".For what it is mostly pvp or you vs AI the problem i come across is the lack of story content. Theres either pve with random maps and no back drop story or theres pvp in random or event modes.That being said being a monster and tearing people a new one is epping awesome. Hunting the monster and running around is also pretty cool its up to you if you got the cash and dont mind my draw backs. Either way its worth getting the game down the line I hope 2k expands on this and creates more maps / monsters to use monsters are definitely my favorite charachter to play!"
76561198083012429,Recommended,273350,15811422,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,dragonswordlord,"A decent game, especially if you can get past the fact that the so called ""day one DLC"" is all skins that have no impact on gameplay and pre-orders.Extra monsters and hunters keep it from getting repitive.Monster does seem a little UP though, even at max level.7/10"
,Recommended,273350,14420853,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Minerva,"The gameplay is fantastic, super unique, tons of replayability, all of the characters are distinct, the game is fun, and TRS has promised several unique game modes and maps in the future, all completely for free.Don't let the misinformation about ""Day 1 DLC"" dissuade you, the game launches with the full 3 monsters, 12 hunters, and anything extra you see on the steam store is for future releases. 2k really screwed up by advertising this stuff early, since it makes people confused as to whether this is Day 1 DLC or not.Seriously, pick up this game. I haven't had this much fun since L4D. Turtlerock Studios definitely deserves the support."
76561197995159726,Recommended,273350,14432982,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Spacecat,"Great game.  Unfortunately, it might die because it has become fashionable/meme-like to diss this game's DLC practices, and trash it at ever turn, even though I personally don't see what the hullaballoo is about.  Future publishers may want to take note, however--not necessarily because the haters are right, but because they are, at the very least, vocal.  I'll admit my opinion about the DLC/pricing set-up was skewed a bit, mostly because of the vocal hate.  Thankfully, I did some research on my own.  Here's what I've come up with:This game's DLC is similar model to games such as League of Legends--cosmetic skins and future playable characters will need to be bought.  They have stated that new maps/game-modes will always be free (which will be great as it won't split the playerbase), and you will be able to play against others who own monsters and hunters you don't own.  Pretty much like League and other MOBAs.  The big difference, of course, is that Evolve is 60 USD for the base game, while most games that generate revenue from micro-trasnactions are free-to-play.That said, Evolve has the graphics, gameplay, sounds, maps of a AAA title.  League, perhaps, is a great game, but it is not sylistically what we've come to expect from a AAA title.As far as the gameplay, I have no complaints.  Every game has been different, exciting, and I look forward to putting in more hours this week on my medic.  There is a nice sense of progression through the tiers to unlock each hunter/monster.  If you like arena type gameplay, asymetical fighting, and strong group tactics, then you will probably really like this game.I want to reiterate that NO ONE who purchased DLC day 1 has any advantage of someone picking up the game right now.  All they are getting is skins/monsters/hunters which are to be released in the future.  This is pay2customize, pay2playstyle, not pay2win.  If, perhaps, there is an overtuned monster/hunter that is released in the future that is a ""must"" own because it is overpowered or whatever, then hopefully the dev's will act quickly to rebalance it, as they seem to have done quite well with the monsters/hunters on release."
76561198082309050,Not Recommended,273350,31634029,Posted: 8 May,all,Catash,Waste of money and I don't care that it went free to play.
76561198156516038,Recommended,273350,17945524,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,BackyardZombie,"Hey guys, i have a problem, well it isnt a problem but is a glitch i found, i downloaded evolve in the week that is was free to play and you had everything, after that i bought the game. I was going rampage with goliath to get the kraken, but now i have all classes (exept for the ones you buy) mayby you can fix this problem because i want to head at something and make progress, to learn and enjoy more. Also my achievement wont work, i got alot of achievements when it was free, but know i cant get any achievement anymore. I hope you guys fix it."
,Recommended,273350,14873135,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Zurakci,"Thanks for the Alpha and everything 2K and Turtlerock. You gave me an idea of how amazing your game COULD be.Other than the game having ZERO customization, no different strategy than just find and destroy, and the whole DLC cause of ""Turtlerock need to feed their families"" bulls**t, This game is pretty fun. However. Playing it with friends is the key. Having 4 friends is NEEDED.This game will probably die out muuuch much faster than Titanfall did (not yet all dead that damn titanfall :P) and I dont see a reason why it would not die out fast like this. There is nothing that makes the game different even on Evacuation. over 100 ways of playing is like saying there is over 100 ways of buttering your toast.. but in the end, the toast will still be eaten the same way and pretty much taste the same.Angry Joe gave it a fair Score, and I will say.. its a 6/10.From the Creators of Left 4 Dead, comes something with more potential, but never comes close to what it could have been.Dont think that Evolve 2 will be a thing either... If so, TurtleRock will have to go back to Valve or work solo, cause 2K aint doing♥♥♥♥♥♥right.HOWEVER.. I will recommend this game. Its fun. Its beautiful, it even has some funny moments in it. Being the monster is the best. Its just those problems. So IF YOU GET THIS.. Make sure you have friends to play with."
76561198278683268,Recommended,273350,29451654,Posted: 23 January,all,mertkemal_gencay,tis game dosent works with my intel hd grapics 3000 screen card i am so dissapointed about it .
76561198075376367,Not Recommended,273350,35204774,Posted: 25 September,all,Belphegor,balance is a foreign concept to these devs.
76561197970916475,Not Recommended,273350,18215650,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,(N☆G) Jackal ★JJ★,"Alright, I'll try to make this really... really short. Don't buy.When the game was in alpha and beta, it was more than amazing, even though it was just 2 levels 1 monster, 4 hunters on repeat. On release... well there were reasons this game suffered more than 70% of its player base within a months time.Anyway, long story short more content felt like it harmed the game more, balance changes literally didn't help anyone in the long run. They took way to long to patch things that required very little time to actually fix such as damage numbers, I'm looking at the wraith days TRS >:[ seriously a month and a half to nerf the wraith after literally pages of people complaining.I stopped and I keep coming back hoping it would change but now the game is a ghost town because they feel the need to add more DLC than actually fix issues. I'm not even remotely sorry the devs took such a PR blow, they didn't do♥♥♥♥♥♥for us besides take our money and demand we give more for♥♥♥♥♥♥that we didn't want more than actual game changes."
76561198054752573,Recommended,273350,14418794,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Mr. H,This game is alot of fun.Its well balanced and you can play offline with AI if you want.Dont let yorself get scared away by all the People saying its a Rip-Off and bashing on it because of planed DLC's.There are no cut Day-One DLC's. Every DLC that was included in Preorder or can be purchased now isn't done yet.Every new Map and Gamemode will also be free and you wont need any DLC's to play with Friends who bought them.Overall its a more then Fair concept and alot of People just hate without being informed.
76561197960673912,Recommended,273350,14441345,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,JD,"Game is fantastic.  It's a breath of fresh air compared to what we've seen lately, and I hope to see more assymetrical style MP games in the future.The nuances in the monster mechanics are impeccable.  There is a learning curve, but once you get it down, it's absolutely exhilarating to experience the back and forth interactions with a hunter team that just won't let up.  On the other side of the coin, playing as the hunter team against a monster that likes to stalk and strike at opportune moments to leverage the wildlife or terrain against your team is tense and really puts your team's ability to work together and coordinate abilities to the test.Evacuation, the mode which you follow a 5 day (map) campaign offers an interesting take on how balancing a short series of MP games with the same teams can be done.  Each victory or loss impacts the next map in sometimes considerable ways.  For example, a win on one map for the hunters could mean the monster will have no ability to use its scent ability on the next map.  Or if the monster wins, a whole slew of tasty wildlife might be released on the next map so it has plenty of food to gain armor/evolve quickly.Not to mention the different modes.  Specifically, the Rescue mode is really up my alley.  The hunters need to rescue downed survivors and deliver them to a dropship location, while the monster's goal is to take said survivors out.  This mode introduces a really cool dynamic where you're always looking over your shoulder to see if Wraith is waiting to abduct and destroy one of your survivors (or your medic...).  Since the hunters' priority is to escort the survivors, their attention is forcibly diverted from the monster and allows some insanely effective ambush opportunities for the monster.There's plenty of information out there on the other modes in Evacuation, so I'll just say this, it's simply a lot of fun.  Since I started playing Evacuation, I can't stop.  Other games I've been playing have completely fallen off my radar for the moment.This is a game I've been waiting for since I started PC gaming back in the 90's.  I haven't felt this kind of excitement for a multiplayer experience since the original Half-Life.  Very highly recommended."
76561198024445042,Recommended,273350,12787209,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,yo ho ho ho  yo ho ho ho hoooo,Kraken is love kraken is life Kraken is love kraken is life Kraken is love kraken is life Kraken is love kraken is life Kraken is love kraken is life Kraken is love kraken is life Kraken is love kraken is life Kraken is love kraken is life Kraken is love kraken is life Kraken is love kraken is life Kraken is love kraken is life Kraken is love kraken is life Kraken is love kraken is life Kraken is love kraken is life Kraken is love kraken is life Kraken is love kraken is life Kraken is love kraken is life Kraken is love kraken is life Kraken is love kraken is life Kraken is love kraken is life Kraken is love kraken is life Kraken is love kraken is life
,Recommended,273350,14426896,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Muelz,Yes.
,Recommended,273350,14425090,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Wea Wea Boo,Really good game great graphics and and gameplay. I like the multiplay. I'm just tired of people whining about all the DLCs. If these idiots would read thay would realize is all cosmetics except from the season pass. If we look at other FPS games like CoD they have base games and Season passes which amount to the same as Evolve. You don't need the dlcs people just always want something to whine about. I give Evolve 9/10 only reason it isn't perfect is because I find it difficult to aim as the creature.
,Recommended,273350,14435134,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,KalinRozthan,"Great fun, i love the game and find it fun, the goals are not just point and click and your done. It takes strategy. Dont listen to everyone complaining about the price. Yes DLc is a bit overpriced, i honestly dont think a monster should be $15 thats over doing it. but you have 8 hunters and 3 monsters base game. That is a lot of fun. Each hunter is different and you cant just play each class' hunter the same. It has a nice amount of veriety and does get very fun. people are saying the monsters are overpowered but they are not, you just have to be able to track a monster. Its really not hard. I do it as the Assault even. Just play smart and the monster cant win. I just wanted to point out that most of the negative reviews are about DLC and not about the gameplay so please dont think of those as an actual review. Its supposed to be about the game not the price."
76561198131238834,Recommended,273350,14430976,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,chrisdisturbed73,"Freezes every now and then but thats something that will get fixed. The negative reviews seem to consist of people from Australia/ Europe having to pay extra because of taxes or something. Fight against the monster get pretty hectic. This game is hard as ****. I think the Ai right now is overpowered (for both hunter and monster. I really enjoy this right now but the freezing is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. Got a ""System Thread Exception Not Handled"" blue screen of death once so far.PC SpecsCPU: AMD FX 8350 @ 4.4 ghzGPU: Powercolor R9 270X 2GbRam: Two 4GB Sticks1 TB HDDWindows 8.1PSU: 800 WattsPlaying at 1080pEdit 1To the people complaining about monster/weapon skins... you don't have to buy them. I'm most likely not buying any unless one REALLY catches my eye. How often would you use them anyway?Edit 2To those with freezing problems try updating your drivers on your GPU. It helped me. I can now go through 2 or 3 Evacuations without freezing. Still got problem where the game crashs to Steam. Which is better IMO because I don't lose the progress I made (unlike having to force shut down my PC, which was the problem I was facing before)."
,Not Recommended,273350,12758837,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Timo The Dwarf,"This game should have waited to be more stable before going into open alpha.This one feels very rushed. The matchmaking seems poorly put together, if you join singular you're fine, but if you try finding a game with friends you have to wait 10-15 minutes before the matchmaking finds a players or a game, and even then the chance of it dropping your or losing connection is extremely high,That isn't the only issue. Although the gameplay is fun, this game has some serious issues framerate, even with all advanced options off and quality set to low the framerate drops hard, at points even freezing for me.Every once in a while your first game starts off ok, then will start to drop off rather quickly.Hopefully this alpha can teach them what they need to fix, maybe some improved garbage clean up, proper culling, improved AI,Utnil the beta where hopefully this stuff is all fixed I will not recommend this game, maybe then I will change my answer"
,Recommended,273350,19757952,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Vaylgar,"I have been playing on and off over several months the game is well worth the sale prices by far and I paid 35 for mine, well worth it, season apsses well worth it, the game is amazing to play, thumbs up from a veteran FPS player from the days of old 1991 first FPS ever by ID software. this game rocks and is well worth it, I dont understand all the bad rep I read that kept me away from it for so long the game is amazing!!!"
,Recommended,273350,14426052,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,korbi❤Angel,"Only reason why the community of Evolve gave it such bad scores-They Cant afford it-They dont know how DLC works, so they give it a 0-10 because they cant afford it-They Lost there job and spent all there money on CSGO, Dota 2 and LoL Skins, and rims for there car, so they cant afford itSeriously, if you people would shut the ♥♥♥♥ up about the DLC then this games Review on steam would be an honest one.Evolve Community: -1/10, Would waterboard again and again... and again"
,Recommended,273350,14426249,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Jay Nix,"This is a solid 4v1 experience with serious eSport potential. Many players are crying about DLC practices. Do not let the shady workings of 2K get in the way of enjoying what is possibly one of the best games of 2015. Buy whatever version of the game you want and buy skins/characters if you feel that it is necessary. This is NOT pay2win scheme. 2K has given us a complete game that can be added to if you want, or you can save money by not buying the additional characters that come out over time. It is also worth noting that ALL maps will be free to all players."
76561198055798477,Recommended,273350,14419231,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Leonx26,"HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥THIS GAME IS FUUUUN, if you have money to buy it then buy it FFSIts a really good game and the gameplay is pretty ♥♥♥♥ing good"
,Recommended,273350,14448232,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,๖ۣۜAmmolite ๖ۣۜStar,"I really do enjoy this game quite a bit. I think this is one of those games though that things will/will need to be tweaked quite a bit over time to fit the skill curve of the players. It is not the perfect game, but it is one of the best sci-fi games I have seen, as well as one of the best of these... arena fps games I suppose it might be? I certainly think this is one of the best games to come out more recently, and I think as of writing this that the game shows quite a bit of promise."
,Recommended,273350,14718618,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,ELEMENT_275,"I like its very much. I play this on my down time, when I am not playing for my pro team on smite."
76561198136355462,Recommended,273350,19762855,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,DynamoDan,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ALL OF YOU HATERSThe game is AWSOMEonly con i can tink of is the loading time suxI LOVE L4D AND I LOVE THIS GAMEplz try 2 find a way 2 make loading time NOT THAT LONGthank you 4 reading this ;P
,Recommended,273350,14414002,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,ERROR404,A great game to play especially with friends! Even though their is day one DLC they are all cosmetic items and dont effect gameplay. I just hope the devs keep up the good work and keep the community alive and well for years to come!
76561198088762162,Recommended,273350,14453096,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Neko,"This game is fun, alone and with friends but the dlc is too expensive. PEOPLE STOP COMPLAINING ABOUT THE DLC!!!!! IF YOU DONT WANT IT THEN DONT GET IT!!! YOU DON'T NEED IT FOR THE GAME TO BE FUN!!!Overall I give this game a 6.8/10"
,Recommended,273350,14413591,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Cirth,"Had fun playing this solo since I like to get the feel of the game before going against real players.  Though damn intense moments even against bot/bots, very fun game totally recommend this.  There was a few times I thought we had the monster.  For those of you wondering about the game, I forget who made the comment but they said it is pretty much a cat and mouse game.  Very fun worth the $60, can't wait for the Behemoth monster to come out.  I can't wait to play more of this tomorrow."
76561198027684644,Recommended,273350,14430712,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,skeletor1030,"I get to run around and tazer big monsters, and then sometimes I get eaten by a plant.  What more can I really ask for?"
76561198137399112,Not Recommended,273350,23115642,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,MNWKA,Laggy as hell on the pc
,Not Recommended,273350,19970441,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Tig,"I paid $70 dollars for this game thinking its worth it. Now, it's $40 and on sale for $15. This is BS. Totally not woth it. This game lacks content and characters. This game is super repetitive, got bored quickly. 2/10"
76561198085911490,Recommended,273350,14425373,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,ThinkAboutIt,"This review will focus on the base game of Evolve that is now purchasable for $59.99. This review does not include my personal opinions on the DLC policies. I'm also going assume you know the basic premise of the game. I would also like to provide the information that I have nearly 200 hours logged into Titanfall, and that I value the enjoyability of the gameplay far above the amount of weapons, skins, badges, and other unlockables.I personally find evolve to be a ridiculously fun game. It's a simple concept treated with a ridiculous level of depth and a compelling sci-fi atmosphere. Turtle Rock studios has made a game I would gladly play for hours on end, jumping from side to side, class to class, monster to monster. I've also found myself playing with competetive ferocity, feeling levels of tension I've only felt in games such as Counter-Strike.Just to wrap things up, I personally feel this game was a fantastic use of my $60. The fact that there will be free maps and gamemodes in the future is a massive bonus. And also, just to all the people irritated about the DLC, I respect you for taking a stand against something you feel is unjust. But just to remind you, over 40,000 people boycotted Left 4 Dead 2, and that game was a massive success. So in all honesty, I doubt this will be much different. Good luck to you all anyway. Maybe one day you'll join us on Shear. :D"
,Recommended,273350,16519080,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,(Deleted),pretty fun reviews seem off for me
76561198136632437,Recommended,273350,14422384,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,CRAG,One of the best games i have ever played even though i have played it very little. the only bad point is the size of the game which i can now understand after playing the game and seeing all the content it has to offer. GG
,Recommended,273350,14726597,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Broadcock Dave,"ARE YE READY KIDS?OHHH...WHO LIVES IN A BLUE DOME UNDER THE SEA? KRAKEN SQUAREPANTS!BIG FLYING AND FUGLY IS HE!KRAKEN SQUAREPANTS!IF NAUTICAL NONSENSE BE SOMETHING YOU WISHKRAKEN SQUAREPANTSTHEN DROP TO DECK AND FLOP LIKE A FISHKRAKEN SQUAREPANTS, KRAKEN SQUAREPANTS KRAKEEEEN SQUAAREPAAAAAANTS"
,Recommended,273350,16679252,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,sgtMcPain,Nice game to play with friends.
,Not Recommended,273350,24208169,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,ReynoldHughes,Eh.
76561198110718570,Recommended,273350,24189534,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,TheRealDirtyDan,"……..|::::::::,-': : : : : : : : - -~''''¯¯''-„: : : : : :\……..|::::::::|: : : : : : : : : _„„--~'''''~-„: : : : : '|……..'|:::::::,': : : : : : :_„„-: : : : : : : : ~--„_: |'………|::::::|: : : „--~~'''~~''''''''-„…_..„~''''''''''''¯¯|¯"",………|:::::,':_„„-|: : :_„---~: : :|''¯¯''''|: ~---„_: |¯¯|……..,~-,_/'': : : |: :(_ o__): : |: : : :|:(_o__): \.. |……../,'-,: : : : : ''-,_______,-'': : : : ''-„______\-'……..\: :|: : : : : : : : : : : : : :„: : : : :-,: : : : : :\………',:': : : : : : : : : : : : :,-'__: : : :_',: : : : ,'……….'-,-': : : : : :___„-: : :'': : ¯''~~'': ': : ~--|'..……..…….|: ,: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|………….'|: \: : : : : : : : -,„_„„-~~--~--„_: : : |…………..|: \: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : |"
76561198024595784,Recommended,273350,14421497,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Amélie-féroce,"I haven't played much of the game but I do know a few things:- You need a powerful computer to play at max settings- the lowest settings aren't too bad- Very team based (good game with friends)- Each game is varied as far as duration goes its either a fast-paced quick game or a drawn out hunt that results in a big end game battle but thats just the singular hunt mode- Each class is fun and have distinct roles- the learning curve is a bit steep if you're not familiar with hotkeys- complete key rebinding is useful for switching up how you use your abilitiesOver all I think this game is worth looking into if you have the computer to support it. I think it really brings out team work in places other games fail. As far as being the monster, its both fun and terrifying! I will definitely be playing more."
,Recommended,273350,14426482,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Biggvs Dickvs,"I'll be honest, the presence of an ""Evolve Shop"" with overpriced skins on launch was a shockingly dumb mistake on 2K's part. Treating the customer like a sap willing to pay for anything, after spending AAA money on a title is a really stupid thing to do and 2K should apologise and withdraw this stuff now. However, I cannot let that interfere with my review of the game itself.It's a blast to play, especially with friends (which is also conducive seeing as how communication is VITAL to the Hunters' success) but solo as a Hunter or Monster is also extremely satisfying. There are few things more satisfying than landing that killing blow on a Stage 3 after a long, bloody fight or pouncing on that last helpless Hunter and laughing as they scream and die underneath you.The different Hunters and Monsters aren't just for show, they each have their own unique personality and playstyle (EVERYBODY loves Bucket). With (at time of writing) 3 Hunters per class for a total of 12 Hunters and 3 Monsters there's a fair amount of variety on show, with different combinations of Hunters yielding different results and dialogue (although the ambient dialogue is a little sparse and repetitive, they could have worked more on that). The different Monsters. however are VASTLY different from each other in both how you play them and how you tackle them. For example, the Goliath is a plain brute, got plenty of health and armour and does heavy damage at close range, whereas the Kraken is a flying monster who can devastate the Hunters at range but has weaker armour and health. They are almost diametrically opposed in how the player would play as them, and the Hunters have to adopt very different strategies to take them down.Visually this game is stunning, as one might expect given that it uses CryEngine. This does mean that lower-mid to lower range systems are going to suffer, especially on denser maps. I myself had to downscale to 1600 x 900 to run this smoothly enough. One complaint I might have is that while the varying maps may look different, from a design perspective they aren't particularly distinguishable from one another.At current there are two distinct game modes, Skirmish and Evacuation. Those who played Big Alpha and the Beta will know Skirmish as single rounds of Hunt where the Hunters and Monster duke it out until the other dies, or the Monster destroys the power relay. Evacuation on the other hand is a 5 round based gamemode, starting with a Hunt round, leading onto a choice between three game modes on 3 maps of the players' choosing (there is a vote before each round). These are the familiar Hunt mode, Nest mode and Rescue mode. In Nest, the Monster must defend various eggs scattered throughout the map while the Hunters must destroy them. The Monster can hatch an egg to spawn a Goliath minion, which will seek out and attack the Hunters although it is weak by itself and if it dies will count as the egg it hatched from being destroyed. In Rescue, the Monster must find and kill bot-controlled Survivors around the map, one group at a time. They spawn incapacitated, and the Survivors must rescue them and bring them to an evac point to be extracted to a drop ship. If the Monster kills a certain number of them, or all the Hunters, it wins. If it fails to do so, the Hunters win. The fifth and final round is called Defend, and involves a Stage 3 Monster and a stream of Goliath minions who must destroy a series of power generators. What makes Evacuation interesting is that for each round, the outcome will affect the next round, such as the Monster winning a round resulting in more powerful and hostile wildlife for the next round, making it harder for the Hunters, or the Hunters winning and a series of MedBays will be in the next map, which can heal and even remove strikes from Hunters. This makes each Evacuation different from another, with little chance of true repetition (although I would argue the differences are subtle).All in all, despite 2K's serious faux pas on launch, Turtle Rock have made a very fun game here and if you've the money I would recommend buying this game, just don't give 2K any of your money for the skins, I think it's safe to say a boycott on those is necessary.TL;DR VersionPros:Massive fun, especially with friendsNice mix of characters and Monsters with various playstylesStunningly gorgeous to look atBucketEvacuation is interesting and variedCons:Day 1 Skins DLCFairly bad optimisationDay 1 Skins DLCFairly unremarkable mapsSeriously, ♥♥♥♥ing Day 1 DLC, 2K? Someone needs to talk to these twits."
76561198146203651,Recommended,273350,17000317,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Enraged taco,mehh its okey i gues
,Recommended,273350,14452026,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,EVERYBODY,"I know this game has gotten a lot of abuse because of their business model with all their different DLC and pre order stuff. To be honest, yes they messed that part up and really dug themselves a hole, but it doesn't affect the gameplay if you miss out or don't pay for the extra DLC, its pretty much, at this moment, skins, its all cosmetic, yes you get different monsters too, but one isn't really stronger than the other. So take what you will.Now about the game.The game is pretty fun, if you get a good team, if you get a bad team then it gets kinda frustrating, there isn't much of a learning curve so anyone can play. The game puts you in either against the hunters (monster) or you can play one out of 4 different classes. Medic, Support, Trapper or DPS. They all have a really important role and one cannot really function without the other, if you healer dies to the creatures on the map, and no one revives him, its pretty much game over. Same goes for the DPS class or trapper. If you trapper dies. Your ultimately going to lose, because your trapper, well, traps the boss in an area that he cannot escape from. Like I said the game is fun, graphics are nice, The story you pretty much get from the dialogue from the characters. I find that Monsters are a bit overpowered, specially the Wraith monster, way to mobile and can easily kill you before you blink. Like I said if you get a bad group (hunters) you will lose against the monster, I probably lost 6 games in a row as the hunter. Once you get a good group its a really fun game.Story - 5/10 (purely because there is no single player to understand the story)Gameplay - 7/10 (People can abuse the monster to the point it reaches stage 3 and its pretty much game over for hunters)Optimisations - 8/10 (runs smooth, no fps losess)Bugs - none that I have seen or experiencedBalanced Classses - 6/10 (I find that people can abuse the monsters to get to stage 3 and pretty much destroy the hunters group very easily done as well)Overrall I vote this game to be 7/10 narrowingly missing 8/10 purely because of their business model with all the different DLC, but like I said doesn't really affect gameplay or makes it unfair. At this stage, the price tag isn't probably worth it. I would wait till its atleast 25% cheaper or more. I do recommend picking it up though its a nice coop game to play with friends."
,Not Recommended,273350,24222456,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,ɴɪᴄᴋᴇʟʙʟᴀᴄᴋ,"Literally everything was reset, even my graphics and keybinding settings. ♥♥♥♥ you turtle rock."
,Recommended,273350,14641993,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,anime girls are my forte,maggie op
76561198082893630,Not Recommended,273350,24299344,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,YourVVaifu,"So,,,, Are we getting are money back?"
76561198034205310,Not Recommended,273350,24326804,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,König Wolf,I loved this game befor it went free to play but now they made it almost inpossible to play any monster other that the starting monster Golieth. they need to revert the game back to what it was.
,Recommended,273350,14414297,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Nova,"First off, Anyone who claims this is a DLC scam or something else can kindly eat a♥♥♥♥♥♥Cosmetic items are the only thing in their little cash store and it does not affect the game.If you beleive differently you are stupid.This game has a few bugs and glitches, nothing game breaking for me. Multiplayer ran smoothly with the exception of a little lag here and there.Playing is fun, teams either work together or they don't.Unlocking new characters doesn't really take that long which makes it fun to find characters who match yer playstyle.I love you bucket.People will ♥♥♥♥♥ about the price. But 50 to 70 bucks is the Norm for games these days. if you can't afford it. Don't play it. Crying does nothing.Get a job or move out from mom's basement.I like this game and I would get eaten by a monster again!"
76561198149411135,Not Recommended,273350,25851215,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Xullul,"I buy this game about 50 dollars. Now it's free to play. Nice, developer."
,Recommended,273350,14435834,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Verbal John Wilkes Booth,"I personally love this game, 20 dollar season pass is understandable and 60 dollars is understandable.the extra dlc in the master bundle though is a little ludicrous.other than thatI totally love it, great video, great audio, and lovely design.a fresh new game with amazing teamwork mechanics.even without any DLC this game is worth the moneytons of replay valueand really fun to play with friendsI already purchased it on PC and PS4 so I could enjoy it with all of my friends.9.5/10 (only minus one for the gouging)TLDR;GREAT GAME BUY WHEN ITS ON SALE! (45 or less)IGNORE BAD REVIEWS BY POOR FOOS! THE GAME IS VERY GOOD!"
,Not Recommended,273350,22723997,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,demon.,no.
76561198119870637,Not Recommended,273350,24348206,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,TheOnlyRealCO.TV,can i get my my money back then??
,Recommended,273350,14850087,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,黒猫 (Skullshadow),"The favourite quotes is number 1 lol:1: Abe: ""What the ♥♥♥♥? Am I crazy or does that Wraith have♥♥♥♥♥♥!""2: Val's: ""Ok team stick close""3: Abe: ""How close do you want me""4: Val's: ""Not that close""5: Abe: ""Oh."""
76561198053052020,Recommended,273350,12754885,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Wyo,Not worth $60.
76561198002599919,Recommended,273350,16045720,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Ghoust0o,"I dont care what others say about this game. It has solid game play. Very smooth, If you play the monster its complete different tactics as if you were to play the hunters. So basically two games in one. I love playing the monster to smash the hell out of the hunters, or destroy the monster with the assualt class."
,Recommended,273350,14987869,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Willz,"This game is a bit overpriced for the content, but fun.  There are moments of epicness in which I haven't felt in any other type of game.  Being hunted as the monster is an adrenaline rush and feeling like a hero when you save a teammate from the monster is a pretty good feeling.  It may appear to be simplistic at the surface but it is not.  I've had fun playing it and will continue to play it.  Note: this is not a casual game and has a steep learning curve.  Teamwork as the hunters is extremely vital, one false move from any teammate can be catastrophic."
76561198057139461,Recommended,273350,16720607,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Nengah,Very fun game.. So pay to win though
76561198234447492,Recommended,273350,17944045,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Trash,nc
,Recommended,273350,14456850,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,PCGuru,this game is so cool man just get it man
76561198118698072,Not Recommended,273350,24173692,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Fian,"Basically everyone that bought this game (incluiding myself) was being part of one of the most expensive beta testing ever, but I can't blame them, if their game is dying the best way to save it is to make it F2P I guess."
,Recommended,273350,15804387,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,"101=5, bryan=5","most of the negative reviews are old and about the dlc WHICH is gone. they made everything free and its now a free to play game with around 20,000 on. This game was great but the dlc killed thus making the dlc part of the core game and removing the price tag rezed the game. Its really fun and has been 100% transfromed as a drawback its back to a beta stage due to the massive changes.However its great play it with a freind or play it alone you'll have fun."
,Recommended,273350,14421071,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,.#!/honey_badger,"If you want to ♥♥♥♥♥ and moan about DLC, I hope they delete your reviews.I'm going to give a review of the GAME, not the talking points that whiny little ♥♥♥♥♥es feel entitled to harp on because ""♥♥♥♥ greedy AAA studios"". You people can jog on and go back to Occupy Wall Street or whatever. Your opinion is worthless.Graphically, you're not going to see this game's full potential on anything less than modern hardware. For example, I did the Alpha and Beta test on an old Radeon HD 6850 / 1GB , then played last night on a HD 7950 / 3GB. As expected the graphical difference was immense. Yet, I was getting pretty slick performance without trying to push the card beyond reasonable expectations. Occasionally I got a small stutter when loading textures while moving around the map but that's more of a hard drive bottleneck I believe.The game itself has a lot of unlockables, meaning you have to play each class / monster and reach certain goals to progress. The playstyle differences between the core classes are different enough that when playing against humans you'll have to learn to adapt slightly in nearly every game. It's always going to be a little different. Against CPU opponents you'll get more varied tactics depending on the bots. The AI itself is interesting but you can tell sometimes when they're stuck in a loop because of narrower goals, such as the monster hitting Level 3. Seems the bots tend to hike back to the power relay and fortify for a final battle which means you have leisure time to gain armor or buffs before swooping in for the kill as the monster.If you don't learn to play your classes you're going to have a very bad time. The monster is great for when you just don't want to work with bad players but you really have to learn some stealth mechanics (SNEAK EVERYWHERE) or you're fairly easy to track. Does the game break when people don't effectively play their classes?  Eh, to a mild degree but again the onus is on the players to master their roles, and anyone familiar to class-based teamplay understands this concept. You can win without that skill, but the difficulty increases dramatically.We'll see if the game has longetivity, but I see it as no different than previous titles by Turtle Rock (Left 4 Dead) in that there's a bare-bones background story but the majority of gameplay *will* seem fairly repetitive without the human aspect. If you spend a lot of time in solo play, you'll get bored quickly. You need to ask yourself if this style of game is really what you find fun because if it is, I see Evolve having a long shelf life. Play with friends will be even more fun. However if you have a short attention span, little patience, and no desire to work as a team you'll probably not enjoy the game as much as others.Just don't expect people to have any respect for your opinion if all you want to complain about is the DLC."
,Recommended,273350,12769222,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Mask,Evolve Alpha amazing
76561198123948464,Not Recommended,273350,24804091,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,1-800-Boostio,"I'm gonna be honest, when the game came out, it was fun. Then the behemoth became op therefore the game became unplayable because everyone played it. Then the wraith got announced and released; once again, everyone played it and it was OP. Finally, they completely shut the game down for months, then re-released it as a F2P. While it was fun at the start, it had matchmaking issues; finding games with friends took a solid 15 min per game. I just came back to try it again after the catacylsm patch just came out, and the elder kraken is now absolutely unstoppable, so much to the point of where we just get obliterated no matter who we are when the monster was in stage 1. Would not recommend this game; it's a great concept, however, the execution was done so poorly, it made a great idea an absolute travesty when released."
,Not Recommended,273350,24256691,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Gingerbeard - ジンジャービ,"Game was terrible from the start; bad multiplayer syncing issues, terrible lobby systems, and once in-game the game is poorly optimised...i bought this game expecting good things, but after putting 5 hours waiting for the god damned thing to acutally find a good game, it was too late, and now it's free?! at least give back what the fans paid for a poorly represented game."
,Recommended,273350,14591224,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,madnessqtv-Twitch,"Evolve is one of a kind. Intense gameplay! Love the need for team communication for the hunters. Definitely needed! Also, playing as the monster is sick as hell!"
,Recommended,273350,15013258,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Sacobite,"I bought the gameI spent the next 2 days downloading itI opened it and started playingdidn't stop for 10 hours10/10also, I bought monster race edition, fight me DLC haters"
76561198194614170,Recommended,273350,24246465,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Zeinux,Its a fun game but Im mad because i acctuly payed full price for this game and now its free to play and im a young adult that dosent get money for chores and im to young to get a real job so that was like all the money i had at the time and still almost none now but otherwize its fun but my computer is not the best so it dosent runthe best
76561198059096488,Recommended,273350,14435046,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,landerts.stambord,i cant run the game?why?
,Recommended,273350,14434154,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,TheProDH,Buy first. read reviews later.
,Recommended,273350,23893946,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,James from Dodo,10/10 IGN
,Recommended,273350,24194186,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Burst Fire,good game but to many terrible kids playing
76561198038752967,Recommended,273350,14969814,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Crimson Reaper,"Good game like montsers, like hunters.like everthing about the game havent seen any real problems with the game.This is all i gotta say you like to hunt then this is a game for you, you got friends then hunting with friends is great.Like to play alone no problem monster mode is good if you can play the beast an turn it around to hunt the hunters that are hunting.What can I say most ppl say bad things about it but if you can play use the land as the monster to help you then you can rock them hard."
,Not Recommended,273350,29175900,Posted: 10 January,all,NeonVibe,Monsters OP. If you pick hunter you lose. Pick monster to win. Thats it.
,Recommended,273350,14869476,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,tsilver007,Love the 4v1 gameplay.  Well balanced and fun every time.
76561197983080558,Recommended,273350,14768375,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,iFail,"Good game, tad pricey. Feel incomplete for its cost, so the game feels repetetive without a campaign or single player progression mode."
,Recommended,273350,14895456,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,icyBonFiRE,Beside the DLC this game is incredable!The reasons are...*Awesome Graphics*Amazing hunters and Monsters* Spectacular mapsThose are just some. Now alot of people dont give this game hate because of the long loading screens and game play where you just run. NOT IS NOT ENTIRELY TRUE
,Recommended,273350,14978941,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Creepsuponu,"--STAGE TWO EDIT--I like that the free-to-play has brought more players back to evolve. However, I used to be really good as wraith. USED to. The mechanics have changed so much, its ridiculous. Not to mention its impossible to escape a thrown dome and the hunters now have a device that points them in your direction. The gaming worlds most intense game of hide-and-seek has became just a game of tag. becoming stage three is not easy in a 20 minute match when you cant stop to enjoy a meal because the hunters are always on your tail. This is still a great game, but I liked the trapper as the trapper, not the tracker. And I liked wraith's old decoy, the invisibility was a good bonus. But overall, good game."
,Recommended,273350,14777169,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,-=GHS=- Frosty,do i recommend this game not really its a lot of fun they need to fix the problems with a few of the characters aka ABE trackin darts only needed to be spammed in the direction of the monster and it will guarentee a constant movement tracker. mouse showing up on screen is a problem but can be solved by removing any chat box in steam and if it does not help spam Shift+Tab till gone. once again i feel like these guys are on the right path they just need to fix the problems at hand.
,Recommended,273350,14872583,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Peggy,"Love the game! Tons of fun. Requires teamwork, coordination, skill... unless you're the monster! Then drop the teamwork part.Like Left 4 Dead 2, no game is the same as the last. There are endless combinations of things that can happen during the course of a game, it's just so much fun."
76561198155409505,Recommended,273350,21327742,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,felixAL99,"People is upset than a lot of thing in the game need money to get it, but with all video channel (youtube, twitch, etc.), players can easiely refund back the Evolve's cost, get Hunters season packs and the other skins. I mean, do you think than, example, SomeWhatAwesomeGame take of all his money on skins and characters just for make videos or he get enought money with his video to pay all this?And if you don't like Evolve, well go away, it is just annoying for people who love it.2K and turtleRock did a great jobWith all the possibility (7 characters per class and 5 classes, all the preks wich is 9) It make:(5^7x5^9)= around 1 billion+ different combinaisons!! (and I'm not talking about all the maps and game mode) So a fight in this game will never look same.Pesronnaly, Evolve is the best game I've ever see and play."
76561198013286678,Recommended,273350,15819375,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Aether,So ♥♥♥♥ing fun!
,Recommended,273350,14769432,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Mordakai,"Good game, sadly I only get selected as monster now so I no longer want to play by myself since it's a role I dislike."
,Recommended,273350,14768896,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,videogamer0071,"I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME!  It's really fun even though it took me a few attempts to finally play it on my computer. But this game was exactly what I was so hyped about. Yes it's probably even more fun playing along with your friends since it's more of a coop game like left 4 dead, but regaurdless this game was worth the $80 (including the DLC pack I have purchased before release date)"
76561197981900929,Not Recommended,273350,31952593,Posted: 25 May,all,dark_ronnie,"first they kill the bots and all the modes, which basicly the only way to play it without friends.....and then they kill the support which is so very nessecary for their f2p they changed it to.....so yeah if you enjoy it now lucky you....iwas one of the suckers who bought the game.... and even though i enjoyed it before they butchered it the first time, all i have left is a sour taste and a mental image of someone taking my money only to burn them, while giving me a♥♥♥♥♥♥sandwhich...."
,Recommended,273350,14427047,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,GhostsPatrol,Disclaimer: not for noobs
,Recommended,273350,14428211,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Monkey,"I highly recommend this game, people are complaining about DLC? its stupid to complain about it i have very much enjoyed myself playing evolve and will continue to do so, now, The pricing is a little shotty but if your into games like these then you should totally go for it. Not every game is meant for everyone but if you enjoyed the Left 4 Dead series then you will absolutely love this game and play for hours on end."
76561198054866271,Not Recommended,273350,24201521,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Buhder,I want my ♥♥♥♥ing refund
,Recommended,273350,14644491,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Chiara,Gameplay-wisehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vll3os4O7MkMarketing-wisehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvGbBe4rpqc
76561198000426265,Recommended,273350,14450628,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Hunter,dope sauce gewd 2 ply
,Recommended,273350,14424476,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Schwerkraft,well it is one of the best games this yearill give this game 4 stars the missing 1 star is for the price of the DLCsbut some bugs here and there but its coolEvolve FTW
,Recommended,273350,14424997,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,ZoCo,Pros:-wraith is balancedCons:-losing connection when in-gameI'd say it's about 5/5
,Recommended,273350,14417553,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,im a lil pusseh,Best Game Ever
76561198059154395,Recommended,273350,14438058,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Vengeance,"If you think cosmetic DLC is taboo for day one DLC then you need to take some time to look at some another major titles with day one DLC packs (Battlefield 4 which got fantastic reviews).This game is fantastic as I've played through the entirety of the Alpha, Beta and now into the full game. Sure the DLC pricing is crazy but DLC is a choice with this game, not a requirement as all the map packs are going to be free.If you're into a Left-For-Dead-Esq Monster vs Hunter Hide and Seek madness then give it a go, if you are on the border to load up on the bandwagon I beg you to differ."
76561198052794812,Recommended,273350,14672446,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,MPking,Awesome Game Reccomen this to anyone
,Recommended,273350,23335610,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Azez,"Graphics are fantastic, Great game 10/10 but bearly any players."
76561198122003890,Recommended,273350,14413586,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Aegis,"so far, awesome mechanics somewhat balanced but anybody with a strong trapper and medic the monster istantly stands little chance, possible if monster had more time might be better but currently only time monster can win is poor skill/teamwork on the hunters end.  but as a level 3 monster the playing field is greatly leveled and balanced but any time before that its extremely difficult to win. have yet to play as hunter.                     EDIT:Bigger maps may also helpUPDATE:So far after having played as all monsters the feel is that the Kraken is somewhat weaker compared to the others,this may just be my playstyle . the Goliath is fairly balanced, win some loose some. the wraith,now thats another story. the stealth and speed is fantastic imo. smaller faster and harder to find is my style but i must admit ""she"" is hard to combat as a hunter. the decoy ability alone creates so much confusion a sneak attack may be preformed in middle of a arena battle."
,Recommended,273350,14432161,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Tigerhawk71,This game is worth more than the lives of the people who complain about it.
,Not Recommended,273350,24787343,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,DeepFriedNutz,I'd have to say that this is bs because I payed $60 for this game when it was released only to have it turn to a free to play game.
,Recommended,273350,14414300,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Taco-King,Started to time out mid-Rock throw danced with it and made a video of it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ctn8mW2h68M&feature=youtu.be
76561198165113326,Recommended,273350,14423954,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,idipyoudipwedip,"All the ""DLC"" i see are skin packs nothing that affects game play in any way.. and as for the Digital Deluxe,Monster Race packs every game i have ever played makes offers like these its simple they make a little more money by offering small things for a greater price. there is a real simple fix for those of you who thinks it is trash or unfair said fix is to move out of mommys and daddys get a job and by the packs yourself or dont play simple as that..i hate coming to a new game and all i can read review wise are a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥ing girls crying that things cost to much or its unfair that this guy had all the skins and 5th monster.. its not unfair anyone can get the same♥♥♥♥♥♥just have to pay for it,,so stop crying cancle you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sub and save a little money.as for the game play it is awesome simple as that. 8/10 gameplay.."
76561198016566646,Recommended,273350,16110881,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Peace,"PLEASE IGNORE ALL THE BAD REVIEW. IT'S 1 OF THE BEST GAME I PLAYED, I WAS ALWAYS BOTHERED ABOUT THE BAD REVIEW BUT SINCE IN ON SALE. WHEN I BOUGHT IT IT'S A VERY NICE GAME."
76561198195896622,Recommended,273350,17000379,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,harrison_black,awesome game
76561198095440973,Recommended,273350,16281046,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,GamesterGangsta,wait i own this game....
76561198006558512,Recommended,273350,14422350,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,CamoClad,"This game is all sorts of exhilerating. Ive already had some great moments, like the charge that knocked an entire team into the watery den of a Tyrant, or the last second long shot kill with the pistol to win a match. Just a lot of good fun in a great game strutcture. Dont let all the DLC Doom & Gloomers spoil this amazing game for you. Even if you dont agree with the system, play the game,  have overwheleming amounts of good times, and dont spend a dime on the totally optional DLC. With that said, Im gonna head back in and try to get Able unlocked. Good Hunting to all those out there not standing all high and mighty on their soap box."
,Not Recommended,273350,21031749,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,SirShade¯¯\(°_o)/¯¯,"game is slow, it is not as advertised in videos, you also wait long time in machmaking (i do mean realy long) personaly im dissapointed"
,Not Recommended,273350,14573549,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,IMMORTALee,"I don't know what to say about this game, so here is a recipe for pancakes,Ingredients:4tbsp plain flour (about 100g)1 large free range egg½ pint semi-skimmed milk + water (about 300ml - ¾ milk ¼ water)Pinch of saltButter for fryingHow to make pancakes:Sieve the flour and salt into a large bowl and make a well in the mixture.Break in the egg and stir to make a breadcrumby mix.In a jug add 1/3 of a pint of milk and top up with water to make 1/2 a pint (200ml milk, 100ml water) - this makes a lovely light batter.Add the milk and the water mix bit by bit, beating constantly to avoid lumps.Tip:*If you have a food processor just throw all the ingredients in and zap until smooth!Pop a large frying pan over a medium heat.Add a large knob of butter (roughly 50g) and melt.Pour the excess butter into a small bowl and reserve it for later.Using a ladle pour a spoonful of the pancake batter into the hot pan and swirl to get a full covering - cook for about 1 min each side (it's ready when it's easy to flip over).Serve immediately with sugar and lemon or other exciting toppings. We love cheese and Marmite for an extra British twist! Delicious!!"
76561198087552940,Recommended,273350,14732587,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Ulrard,"This game is acttualy lots of fun! The one problem is price tho... but the actual game itself is very fun and challenging when playing BOTH hunter and monster. The monster can kill the hunters fairly quick but the hunters have high menuverability. With the three downs then death rule they never just stay alive forever. With everything trying to kill the hunters WITH the monster also the hunters actualy have a challenge with the other fact that you have to track the monster before you can capture it and kill it. Both the hunters and monster can get perks at the start with aditional one's from white alternates of the wild life AKA ""Albinos""."
,Recommended,273350,14958906,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Atlantis,:)
76561198082414842,Recommended,273350,15286187,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Touchy Step-Dad,"I love this game it is by far the best game i have ever played, and i know that it gets so much crap from the community about whats wrong with it, and what annoys me the most is that alot of this negativity is alot of it is avoidable.now i have tryed ever since evolve came out to get my friends to buy it and i even bought a copy for one of them to try and my other friends to play so we could make a team but they all seem to think that its♥♥♥♥♥♥and the most common excuse i hear them tell me is that its too expensive and that its mostly dlc, well its true that $80 isn't cheap but thats is the average price for a triple A game these days, and there's really not that much dlc you can buy some skins(if you'll call that dlc) and and the tier 4 caracters that weren't even finished at release.other issues i hear include:gliches- there are a few bugs here and there and some new ones with the new hunters and monster and ill be honest they will ruin a game as some cause the game to be unplayable but game dont take too long and matchmaking ques aren't too slow so its esy to find another game.poor matchmaking- the only reson the matchmaking is bad is because not enough people play and this annoys me because the more people who stop playing because of bad matchmakeing the worse it gets and causes a cycle of declining people playing. anther matchmaking related issue i hear is hat preferences dont make a difference, well they do ok, my favourite class is assault and i get that almost every time because it its as popular as medic so less people want to play assault so the chances are higher of getting it, a like wise if i want to play medic or trapper both most people have them higher on there preferences so its less likely for you to get that class, i also hear a lot of people complain that they put monster as their 5th preference and still get it picked well this is because sometimes peolpe have your first pref as there first pref and then it should go to your second pref but some one has that as their first and so on until you get monster.Balancing-i hear this all the time in the lobby after a game and its the losing side ♥♥♥♥♥ing about how OP something is and turtle rock try real hard to get the balancing right and not make anything to powerful that the other side cant deal with and i belive that they have succeded and the only thing this far i considered to op was wraith(been nerfed) and that was because it was very easy to esape at stage 1 and easy to kill hunters at stage 3 and it all required very little skill(i should know im a crap monster player and i won almost all of my wraith games) but when people complain about kraken, golith or anyone else really its not that they are op but the person behind them is a skillful player(belive it or not they exist and i know a lot of people have trouble accepting that someone is better than them).Well so far all ive done is try to defend evolve and disprove the common negitivites so now ill say what i think is right with evolve.firstly the thing that got me hyped from the day i heard about it early last year and that is the very consept of the game, 1 two-story fire breathing monster versus 4 futureistic monster hunters all on a alien planet where everything wants to kill and eat you. if that doesnt sound badass to you then dont buy this game( and if you fall under this category then you need help) but assuming you like the sound of that ill briefly mention the graphics as they are the best i have ever seen my computer produce and i dont have an extremly powerful machine but i can run on high graphics at 60 frames easily. combat in this game is extremly fun and is unique to evolve, it requires as the hunters, precise teamwork and good coordination and if playing effectively the individual shouldnt need to be doing multipule roles. and as the monster(which i find to be the hardest to play and shows skill the best) you need to be accurate, hit youre skillshots and stay mobile while fighting. now although i described the pros in little detail because im trying keep it short now so people will read it belive me the combat becomes a lot more complex as you play and get into it and start to learn little tips and tricks, i hope this was convincing enough to get you to buy this game."
76561197980576579,Recommended,273350,14433693,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Krux1467,Probably one of the most fun team / solo games I've ever played!
76561198051483002,Recommended,273350,14825595,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Entire Population Of Africa,"Its a really fun game. Thats all i have to say, Because the game is so awsome!If i could rate it i would rate it  5/5But i have only one Question, When is ""Behemoth"" Comming out? Or... Is he fake? Please answer i need to know!"
76561198031792985,Recommended,273350,14737141,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,GutsX,evolve is cool i like the scary monsters
,Recommended,273350,14827406,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,cochoniou,"Evolve is love, Evolve is life."
,Recommended,273350,15765928,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Drew Tay,gr8 game
,Not Recommended,273350,28185516,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Draylynn,Big publishing company trying to milk all the money they can. Abandonware'd.
76561198070777667,Recommended,273350,24195971,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,k3v055,i want my money back
76561198013623249,Recommended,273350,14419464,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,The Fluker,I never had any bugs expensive dlc but they are not needed  Very fun gameplay
76561198044529609,Recommended,273350,14432361,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Murdock,Looks like the reviews that were on top that shouldn't have been are now downvoted. Thank you everyone for supporting good reviews and motivating the few that do so to continue making quality reviews!
76561198062856452,Recommended,273350,14509205,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,OpenMik2,PETA would have a field day.
76561198006220468,Recommended,273350,14415857,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Induslkj,"The thing that I absolutely love about all the reviews knocking the game over the pricing scheme is that everyone who is complaining about it STILL BOUGHT THE GAME.The pricing scheme was clearly laid out, you knew what the game was because most of you complaining had already played the Alpha and Beta so it's not like you came into this without any knowledge.People who bought the game and then proceed to complain about the pricing of the game are like people who have consensual sex but the next day claim it wasn't. Bull-hit, you all knew what you were getting, stop b-tching.The game is basically 5 player L4D2. Take it or leave it, just don't complain that it's too expensive when you had to click like 4 buttons to buy itEdit: Looks like lots of hate on this one. Too bad that doesn't cover up the fact that you still bought the game and are trying to pretend ""you didn't know better"". The sting of truth has no salve"
,Recommended,273350,14435988,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Frodo,good game.. to much  DLC but good game still! A must if you can play with atleast 2 friend
,Not Recommended,273350,24185636,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,MrVakmix,"If you know how to play as a monster, just a little bit, you pretty much won the game even on Stage one.."
76561198046604724,Not Recommended,273350,24175233,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Lakenov,i want my money back
,Not Recommended,273350,24161011,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Barbos,Give me back my money for this piece off. I've paid full retail price for this abomiation just for it to become f2p. I demand my money & nerves back.
76561198043265944,Not Recommended,273350,24393006,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,KingTiger2,"Ok, i preorder this game because i was really hyped and generally happy for a triple AAA asymetric shooters. So ive paid 69.99 and then season pass etc and now it turned free2play. Its quite amazing what im feeling right now. Betrayal, anger, sadness and what do they give us so called ''FOUNDER'' LOL some in game currency u can earn.♥♥♥♥♥♥the devs in the facking a$$. this is inacceptable, like honestly what kind of business model is this but the worse is those frigging free to play kids are writting reviews about WHY ARE U MAD after a year. well for the idiots out there who's living off their mom's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ money. some people have to work 15hours+ to earn that money in order to buy the ♥♥♥♥ing game."
76561198020718562,Recommended,273350,14422681,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,The Hamburglar,Getting elbow dropped by Godzilla is honestly one of the best gaming experiences I've had.
76561198058062328,Not Recommended,273350,24378134,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Tex,I would rather stick my male apendage in a blender. Thank you for ruining a perfectly good game.
,Recommended,273350,14412118,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Maxingitout,"Just played my first few hours of this game today (9th Feb) I lost all games as both the hunter and the monster but it was so fun, im not even mad."
76561198067765402,Recommended,273350,14425367,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,悲しい少年,"this game is amazing and the time that i got to play it during big alpha, the entire game was extremely laggy for me and every second i stopped and started walking and stopped and started walking etc. buuuuuuut it was the best game i ever played. i had so much fun and i enjoyed it very much. i wish i could buy it right now but i first ill need to buy a computer with a way bigger proccessor."
,Recommended,273350,14731414,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Izano Slayer,"Evolve is really ♥♥♥♥ing fun alone or with friends, and hopefully the wriath balance issues are addressed soon."
76561198077063374,Recommended,273350,14502042,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Hermannz,REALY good gamer :P
76561198143440297,Recommended,273350,17011903,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Fabas CSGOPOKER.COM,good game
,Not Recommended,273350,24192069,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Fred,Paid 60 bucks for the gameGame goes Free to PlayI get some Skins for return10/10 would pay again
76561198125802950,Not Recommended,273350,24488743,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Smough,So I payed a bunch of money for this game... and now its F2P??? Wow. Niiiiice
,Not Recommended,273350,24179267,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,[CiC]Zod(פיל הפדופיל),BS I paid for this game
76561198019747426,Recommended,273350,14556540,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Vegetta,"I don't recommend this game at its current price tag but it is very dynamic and very exciting to hunt and be hunted, which you will experience on both sides."
76561197967542432,Recommended,273350,14924796,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,dandydon,This game is fun.  Fun Fun Fun!  You should buy it.  Really.  Why are you still reading this?  Go buy it.
76561198135001562,Recommended,273350,14740089,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Kid Deathwing,I love this game.
37894769283472983,Not Recommended,273350,24540591,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,MOISTie.,WORST GAME IVE EVER PURCHASED. NO ONLY DO THEY CHARGE A RIDICULOUS AMOUNT OF MONEY BUT THE GAMEPLAY SUCKS TOO! GETS BORING AFTER 8 HOURS!
,Recommended,273350,14826765,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,s0lidsnake75,its a fun game if your willling to pay out 10-15 bucks everyother month for a dlc to keep it interesting i mean COME THE ♥♥♥♥ ON I BUY THE ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ING SEASON PASS AND YOU CROOKED ♥♥♥♥S DONT ENCLUDE THIS MONSTER SO IAHVE TO PAY ANOTHER ♥♥♥♥ING 15.00 I HOPE YOUR KIDS ARE♥♥♥♥♥♥♥BY♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S TURTLE ROCK
76561198141623600,Recommended,273350,14963527,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,OZ4,Awesome game! 9.5/10
,Recommended,273350,14425475,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Heisenburger,I have friends...so I like Evolve.
,Recommended,273350,14422455,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Avi3,-Started it-played it-Played against noobs-won every game-ranked up-Played against pros-lost some games-rage quited-game relaunched itself-loved iti r811/10Evolve is loveEvolve is life
,Recommended,273350,14407923,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Hans88,good!!
,Recommended,273350,14421860,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Contemo,"""Spiritual progress does demand at some stage that we should cease to kill our fellow creatures for the satisfaction of our bodily wants."" --Mahatma Gandhi♥♥♥♥ you GandhiEDIT: Ok, anyone who was whining about day one DLC needs to get their♥♥♥♥♥♥straight. The only DLC that came out with release was cosmetic, so for the love of god stop with the whining. I'm pretty sure most of the people who came out with negative reviews are people who just played the alpha and beta, then started crying when they saw the price tag.Seriously, Steam reviews are almost at the same level as Youtube comments."
,Not Recommended,273350,24158667,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,[零]D3kim,GG WP F2P.
76561198069676215,Recommended,273350,14419274,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,MrRodgers,"Unlike recent reviews I very much like this game. If you cant afford it at this price, buy it when its on sale. As of right now the only DLC is paid skins. Also maps will always be free even new ones and players that dont have new dlc can still play against and with players who have the dlc. Just cause you poor♥♥♥♥♥sacks of♥♥♥♥♥♥cant afford a game doesent mean the game sucks. Any ways if you can aford this game at this price then buy it. Its so much fun. Gets better when you have friends working together to hunt down the monsters."
,Recommended,273350,14418889,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,4ton Mantis,"This game is everything I've been looking for ever since I was captivated by left for dead multiplayer. The extra bonus is you can play solo and not listen to whiny ♥♥♥♥♥♥ kids on the mic complain about who missed what trap, etc. Don't listen to all the naysayers on This anti-DLC campaign. It's a solid game and gives me hours of entertainment."
,Not Recommended,273350,14426126,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,MADGulliver,"Edit: Don't buy Evolve pc monster race and dlc you waste your money,buy just standard Evolve, until it on a sale (75%) this game just worth 20/35 Eu,<s>THIS IS A JOKEEdit: 307 In-game, game is dead LOLEdit: Why you should buy this game?Edit: THE END"
,Not Recommended,273350,24487500,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,PaiN,Wtf is this i bought it and now its free to play
76561198076609383,Not Recommended,273350,24259666,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Gentleman♂,I am mad!  Cause I paid for the game.
,Not Recommended,273350,24659561,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,DickFace,DONT BUY STUFF!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THEY WILL STEAL YOUR MONEY!!!!!! i bought this game and now its free!? please if you care for your money dont buy♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game . i got already robbed i dont want it to happen to someone else
,Recommended,273350,14443968,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Howlune,"I'm furious at 2k for making the game expensive enough to where my mom will notice I used her credit card to buy it, despite it being fairly normal triple-A game price. I'm going to give this game bad ratings regardless of what the gameplay is like, because i only need an hour or two in game to know that my opinion is valid and in highest importance.Also, how dare they release DLC for things in game I don't even need. Barring me from things because of money!? Gosh, it's not like their running a business or anything!!!!!!!!!? Speaking of business, I bet I could do alot better of a job than the publishers even though they're the ones that are paid proffessionals! I don't know much about 2k, but since everyone else seems mad at them I want to fit in, it's only natural! Yeah, they suck! Am I cool yet guys? Guys..?Please remove the sticks from your anuses, the lot of you."
76561197966661634,Recommended,273350,14499243,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,kingofblahs,"I have very mixed feelings about this game.I am going to give this a very very weak ""recommended,"" but this review is going to focus on what you need to know about this game prior to purchase.  It's a very, very mixed bag.THE MISCONCEPTIONS:I am absolutely appalled by the amount of hate this game receives for its DLC for the simple fact that none of the DLC gives you a distinct game play advantage.  The DLC is on the expensive side, but every character, every perk, every map, and every gameplay element can be gotten through the game's progression system.  The ONLY thing available for DLC that affects gameplay is to unlock all of the characters.  That's it.The characters themselves are decently balanced.  There are some useless characters and some OP characters, but those are to be expected so long as the patches come through.THE GOOD:This game surrounds a very simple concept:  Kill the monster, or be killed by it.  But, within this concept are some extremely rich mechanics that make this game very difficult to master, but the game can very easily just be picked up and played without reading a strategy guide.  Each class has a very specific and focused goal in mind.The simplicity does not get old because there are very different styles of teams, individuals, and monsters.  Some monsters power farm and try to scale up as quickly as possible, some monsters sneak around all game until level 3, and others will look for ambushes as often as they can be gotten, and very many other styles.  I believe that this game has a lot going for it considering these things.THE BAD:The frustratingly bad thing about this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥poor matchmaking.  It's awful beyond belief, with 80% of the time you being thrown in the middle of a game that someone else left.  If you are a new player as I was, you'll be thrown in a match on a completely unknown class, often times right in the middle of a fight!  You have no idea what perks you have ,how many times you died, or even what level the monster is.That is, when you can get into a game.  Often, I found myself ""waiting for players to load"" for 5 minutes, so I quit the game realizing that I wouldn't get a game, and then I have to wait an additional minute just to click ""find game"" again.Also, there are abilities that belong to certain classes that just seem out of place.  Supports with orbital barrage, medics functioning as snipers.  I would prefer more assault classes to put those abilities on rather than cramming them on team helping roles where they're forced into a conflict of interest.  Give them a sub par weapon for damage dealing and have the rest be supporty abilities.THE UGLY:While this isn't the most buggy release, there are more bugs than your average release in this game, such as being stuck in animations, being unable to attack something right in front of you as monster, mobile arena getting you stuck in terrain to where you can't move momentarily and are just floating there.THE VERDICT:I recommend this game because of one reason:  When it works, it is absolutely fun and heart pounding.  Even when there's not a lot of action, the suspense will keep your heart beating and you won't ever feel bored.  But, know that this game needs a lot of work, the DLC is very expensive, and the matchmaking is in an atrocious state.  If you can tolerate those things, then your $60 is well spent.  If you don't have patience, however, then save it for something else or wait for a sale."
76561198061527434,Not Recommended,273350,25344573,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Busk,Wait... i paid for this game and now is free???so can i have a refund or am i just being ♥♥♥♥ed here
,Recommended,273350,14418172,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Sushifox,"A rare gem. Huge props to developers for trying to make fresh and unique stuff rather than cloning or mixing up existing boring games.I'd rate it 9 out of 10... not 10/10 just bacause there are some minor annoyances with matchmaking and a couple of bugs, but I'm sure all of it will be fixed.Game's publisher made a few missteps in the way they present information about the game and it's DLC policies, which led to many misunderstandings among people who didn't want to bother to find out facts from valid source (TRS), but developers shouldn't be punished for publisher's actions (on top of that they didn't even get to choose their publisher) and deserve a full support, because their chance to make more amazing games in the future might depend on success of Evolve.Game itself deserves support and recognition as well, just because it's great and a lot of fun. It's the first game in many years that I didn't uninstall after playing it for 30 minutes, in fact I've played it for many hours and can't get enough of it. Thank you TRS!"
,Not Recommended,273350,24995999,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Pvtoneill,"Very bad game, spent $80 on game release. It had like no active users so I uninstalled and have never been able to get refund. This game sucks♥♥♥♥♥and was switched to free to play."
,Recommended,273350,14808881,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Dan,"Hey humans, here's something for you ignorant beings.https://www♥♥♥♥♥com/evolve-steam-cd-key-global.htmlSomething called LOWER prices since you people cry about the price. Less than 40$."
,Recommended,273350,14763296,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Bulbaslayer,Very fun and fresh. Not a lot of games similar out there. Definitely worth picking up.
76561197986039972,Recommended,273350,14439689,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Ryuk,"Great game! If you play solo, playing the monster is realy fun. As a party, the hunters feel rewarding to play. I know ppl complain about the dlc's, but it doesn't effect you at all... the monster and hunter pack is currently not active, so all you can buy that has an affect on the game is currently just skins. All the complain about day one DLC is just bull#¤%&Highly recomend this game"
,Recommended,273350,14423985,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Rogue Scientist,"Amazing, innovative  gameplay.  Beautiful graphics.  Put simply, this is the most fun I've had online since I first played Team Fortress 2.  Better than Left 4 Dead.  If you've enjoyed any team multiplayer online games, buy this game.Now, the biggest complaint you'll see is the large amount of DLC available already... but there are only two types they are selling:  1)  ""Vanity"" skins if you want to look different.  2) New characters (none of which are finished,  so this is preordering future DLC).  No ""day one"" content that was cut so it could be resold, and the devs have sworn never to charge for new maps or game modes.  Buy the base game and you won't feel like you're missing anything, I promise.Evolve is ridiculously fun and well worth buying."
76561198094832673,Not Recommended,273350,24173848,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Morty,Payed 60$ for this game when it first came out bought a new character for 10$ so 70$ in this game and what do they give me. 1 Skin for each character seems legit is that even legal? idk i hate turtle rock now only in it for the money. Also now that the game is free to play for some reason they removed game modes and maps....
,Not Recommended,273350,24217316,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,o o o,"Biggest middle finger to the people that bought the game...As a ""Founder"" i get exclusive Badges WOO! a few reskinned characters YEAH! and some other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that doesn't matter. I feel like i paid 60 bucks to play the game early before it became f2p.EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED WITH THE DEVS. THEY TOSSED A GOOD GAME AND IDEA IN THE GARBAGE."
,Recommended,273350,14447389,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,[ScrN]The Janitor,Pros:As Bucket I can use my head as UAV.This game has a Flamethrower and Minigun on the same Hunter!I landed on a Rock which turned into a Monster and tried to kill me.If im bored i can read on the Forums how people living on benefit complaining why stuff in life isnt for free.Con:Hunter DLC and Elite Skins work on Weapons only.Mouse cursor bug still there since beta.As Goliath i threw a rock at a Hunter and he landed on a man eating plant which killed him.10/10 would throw that rock again.
76561198020511806,Not Recommended,273350,24377033,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Unko/Juunkee,"Worst dev world, ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥game, dev to ♥♥♥♥ing dumb to balance♥♥♥♥♥♥ not even worth free"
,Recommended,273350,14424052,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,NickFade,"Honestly, this game is really fun and I don't think it deserves all the hate it's gettingIf you're willing to dish out the cash with some friends, get it.It's really ♥♥♥♥ing fun."
,Recommended,273350,14410332,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,VOIMA FANTASIA,VEry gud i see monster i shota monster deada i give this 7/3 peanusts
76561198012699491,Not Recommended,273350,17845831,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,FAKIN SNYK,"After almost 1000hours of gameplay, I can say, don't try this game. Unless you're okay with the fact, that you can go to forums and cry the♥♥♥♥♥♥out and get what you want to the game so it's more balanced for you, then sure, try the crying simulator game.This game after the latest patch is super broken, unbalanced and frustratingly♥♥♥♥♥♥now.. oh and also, huge problem with hackers. Every day I've had encountered a hacker, or in 2-3 days. Always ruining either my 80 winstreaks or just when I've lost to a good premade they just come out of nowhere and get me another loss. TRS, pls... Fix yers♥♥♥♥♥♥so you dun need to listen my kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, FIX YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥I don't blame F2P, they're new to this game, even tho they're the highest community in here, thus they have the most power to make the game run on their way.I blame the plebelopers ( ""developing"" plebs. ) who never managed to FIX the game, ONLY adjust it. Fixing super small and meaningless stuff isn't progress, it's rather carelesness or just lack of man power.P.S: The game dies/ goes back to normal in 2-3 months a.k.a only 300players remaining. Who knows, 1000 ? Doesn't matter, same result."
76561197961993247,Not Recommended,273350,24209679,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Bizbone3,Im♥♥♥♥♥♥they went to F2P I am not surprise on how the game went. First day of there as DLC you could buy. Now that it went F2P none of that matters to thoes who bought game. What the hell are they thinking? I dont Recommand this game only because after playing it on and off it still sucks.
,Not Recommended,273350,24164746,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Fabian Gladwart,I'm just mad because I payed $60 for this game
,Not Recommended,273350,24796716,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,prvp.pgal,"Evolve Stage 1 was ok.Evolve Stage 2 is a different game.Keep in mind the name ""Turtle Rock Studios"" . NEVER EVER BUY A GAME FROM THESE GUYS.The reason is just they might decide to re-sell the game again and change the mechanics of it.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on people who spend alot of money on a game, is NOT ok.Throwing some candy coins and some bonus items (that by the way I already had bought) is not. If I wanted to play farmville, I would have played farmville."
76561198129647898,Recommended,273350,14761908,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,secory,VERY GOOD GAME CUS I ARE THE BEST HUEHUEHUEHUE
,Recommended,273350,14408561,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,KC,battles are vicious and intense
,Recommended,273350,14426233,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Bhal,Its nicePlus the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ reviews and forum are excellent fapping material.
76561198074268229,Not Recommended,273350,24238815,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Fuck Nick,"This is pure evil from the devs, i paid good money for this crap!!!10/10 -ign"
,Recommended,273350,14404352,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,My hips are moving on their own,Monster got killed by wildlife  10/10
,Recommended,273350,14438803,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Odinator,"Awesome game - don't listen to the DLC haters - I spent 100 for the Monster Race and don't regret anything.  The game is fun, tons of maps, lots of replayability.   The DLC everyone is complaining about are SKINS.  There is NO day 1 DLC.. skins do NOT count, they affect gameplay 0.I played the Big Alpha and also the Beta and have played over 40+ hours total already, this game is great.Great game, anyone not getting it because of this stupid DLC reviewer crap is missing out.Pros+ Content – listing this first, because of the DLC controversy stuff.  There is so much content in the game already, maps, modes, wildlife, map effects, hunters and monsters.+ Gameplay – So much fun – players (hunters and monsters) have to keep changing (evolving) their strategies at different times throughout the matches as the monster gets stronger.+ Replayability – Different maps with different modes, different effects (weather, evacuation effects, etc) change the maps each time.+ Graphics – they’re amazing, the world and environments look awesome+ Sounds – Sound effects are great, each weapon has its own unique sound, monsters and creatures all sound different.  All around great.+ Adrenaline – My hands start shaking while I’m ripping the hunters faces off as they’re trying to get away – I can hear their screams and taste their fear.. it’s delicious+ Hunter and Creature Design – each hunter has a unique look that is color coded to their class (Green = trappers, Yellow = Support, Red = Assault, Blue = Medic)  But that’s where the similarities end.  Creatures all play differently and require a different strategy to win.+ Teamwork is REQUIRED.  Lone wolfs and silent team mates = dead hunters.Cons- Skin DLC -- A pack of 3 skins for 4.99 is a bit expensive, but I’m not buying skins.- Bugs – A few launch day bugs have crept in.- Teamwork is REQUIRED.  Lone wolfs and silent team mates = dead hunters.  Listing this here as well, because PUGS suffer greatly from this."
,Recommended,273350,14421850,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Red,"first off the steam review system is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid, i wouldnt listen to one of these idiots if it meant i would be a insant billionare.Now on to the meat of the review, good game, GREAT gameplay, okish musiccosmeticdlc, meh, ""community"" toxic as ♥♥♥♥.good game 10/10 will play again, bad community -10/10 #nuke the forums/review page."
76561197979839510,Not Recommended,273350,32178189,Posted: 4 June,all,ᚾᛇᚲᛟ FeelsBadMan,i have purchased a lot of Games.. i usually dont regret those Purchases!But Evolve is like the WORST Game i've every buyed.Next time i'll get me a sharp Blade and slit my Throat with it instead of buying horsecrap like this Game..0/10 Trash Game
76561197979933726,Recommended,273350,14410717,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,hcolyle,GOOOOLLLAAAAIIIAAAAGHT!!!!!! 5/5
,Not Recommended,273350,24148558,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,zeroxxx,"Title's going to F2P soon, do not buy anytime, anywhere.And if you saw the launch including outrageous season passes, you'll now how garbage this game is."
,Not Recommended,273350,14414281,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,siegeh25,"Evolve had the potential but failed to live up.Pros:-Hunter gameplay is good-good graphics-good level designCons:-all hunters are identicle and you end up not giving a ♥♥♥♥ who they are-monster weaker and dies faster, making the game too easy-only 2 game modes, hunt and evacuation (which has hunt in it too)-poor matchmaking-maps are literally identicleafter a while the game gets repetetive, only the monsters are all differnet and even than they get stale, all the hunters play exactly the same, the only difference is a new icon for your weapons and skins. you're probably wondering ""oh but the voice acting"". it's not that good, most of them come off as annoying or you just ignore them. and this isn't even including the atrocious DLC pratice. Evolve is not worth the $60 or $30. if it goes on sale, make sure its $20-$15 and includes ALL DLC. and keep in mind this game has been in development since 2011"
76561198037350077,Recommended,273350,14431278,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,MooMooCows -DI-,"Beautiful game, gameplay very solid, playing as the monster is equally fun as playing in a team as four hunters. When I have the feeling that I want to go ham and be like, hi guys, who wants a hug, I'll play the monsters because you know, hugs are good. But when I feel a bit less huggy, i'll go play medic and give hugs again. Very addictive gameplay, should buy although it's pretty expensive so feel free to wait a bit, and it may seem a bit boring during the first few stages of the map but trust me when you get a trapper that lands all of the domes, you are in for epic beatdown."
,Recommended,273350,14432915,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Entity,"great game, looks amazing, 4 men fighting a boss over and over 10/10 would follow footsteps of turtlerock again."
76561198117259226,Recommended,273350,14810576,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,BananaSplitCop,"Evolve wow i love this game everything is awesome about this game.Good combat, interesting charcters, Every game is different, Community is good. The ony problem is that the gane is expensive. This game is a fantasic for 30 or 40 dollars but not 60."
,Not Recommended,273350,24158061,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,DEADMASTER,"First,i paid for this game once. The game was good,but really lacking of content. Then they released season pass. I paid for it. Season pass was lacking of content. Then they released season pass 2. OFC,it was still lacking of content. Then this game become free2play,and Turtle rock even didn't apologized in front of those ppl,who bought this abortion.BTW I didn't said,that original game is cheaper,than season passes for them,and this game also included microtransactions - skins(re-painting) for monsters,that wasn't included in any season pass.."
,Recommended,273350,14418487,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Deo Favente,"Having a really good time,Most games these days come out at 55 quid in england.this has given me 3 choices the cheapest being 34.99 and the most expensive being 58.99 that isnt bad for all the DLC and the base game really when you look at games with no DLC charging 55 quid and then expecting more money later on in the year (Im looking at you Destiny/COD/BF and the rest)Also for all these people saying they are milking us for money, they are not going to charge for any map packs so that people will always be able to play the game together without being restricted by maps unlike all other shooters.Try reviewing a game not its pricing model. This is a business they need to make money.Really good game, lots of fun with randoms and friends. great graphics.10/10 for this gamer."
,Not Recommended,273350,24314040,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,→(DK)MikkelHan(DK)←,"F*ck I buy this game for 29,99 €Give money back to all there have buy it f**king loser!"
,Not Recommended,273350,24197316,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,]E|G[ | NATEDOGG700,Paid money for them to make the game free... Nice... Deffinitly what i intended to happen... and no refund... for anything... Sure i didnt play that much... But still i payed for it... Just didnt have the content that i hoped it would have or get... Oh well...
,Recommended,273350,14436717,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,wh0mst ✪,"Sure The Game Costs a lot. Sure It might have butt tons of DLC options day one. But In all fairness, this is a thouroughly Fun and Entertaining game with Varied and Intense Online Battles in hunt and in evacuation. If only they would release new Monsters and Hunters for free...To be Honest, through all of it's Marketing and Launch Shortfalls, the game deserves recognition for being the most Intense Multiplayer experience I've had other than DotA 2. Just lay off on the DLC"
,Recommended,273350,24223108,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,AarkTheDragon,"PROS:-Unique 1v4 Concept.-Challenging PvP gameplay emphasizing environmental awareness and evasion for the monster, and team work and mechanical outplay for the hunters.-Gorgeous visuals and colorful characters in a world filled with personality.-Tons of characters and unlocks to promote longevity in the game.CONS:-The cat-and-mouse aspect of matches can become frustrating and boring, and some times it will feel like an unfair massacre.-Performance issues and bugs.-Lack of variation in maps and game modes compared to original Evolve.-Uncertainty about the games future.I bought Evolve a while back when it was on sale for $19.99 for it and a season pass. I enjoyed it quite a bit but quickly hit the point where I could either play solo or not at all because so few people where playing. I did what I wanted, played who I wanted and experience everything solo had to offer, then I shut it down and uninstalled it because there was just no life to it. I never intended to come back to it and never payed attention to anything about it.Then...I go to Steam Charts to get data for a friend and see Evolve ""Stage 2"" has a +4500% increase in players in the last 24 hours. Curious, I go to check it out, and find out that the game has been completely re-vamped in to a Free to Play system, and that all people who previously owned the game get ""founder status"" and recieve everything they already had in addtion to a bunch of free ♥♥♥♥.I reinstalled it, joined up with a friend who was playing, and got in to a match instantly. We played a bunch, and I had an absolute blast. The accessibility of the game now being free to play combined with the compensation founders get has given new life to this game, at least for now.For free? I absolutely would recommend this game, just know that anything can happen and it might die off again fairly quick."
76561198011557228,Not Recommended,273350,12782708,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Definately Not Dr Chumperino,"Evolve is a very repetitive game, and gets quite boring when the monster runs away for 15 minutes and finally evolves.the monster is incredibly overpowered to the point where if you know what your doing as the monster, you won't die and you can wipe the hunters in your tier 1 stage. hopefully this is fixed as there is no challenge"
,Not Recommended,273350,24178474,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,H3adHunt3r csgo500.com,Gratis? Agora??? Eu paguei o jogo no lançamento e agora está gratis? E reembolsos não? Só para meterem dinheiro ao bolso
76561198072082320,Not Recommended,273350,24164604,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Johnwurf,i want my money back then ahah
76561198068921873,Recommended,273350,14435231,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,feistyfiddle,"Ithink this game is absolutely amazing. It is a lot of fun, and there is so much replayability.. I'm really upset to see that so many people are bagging on it for the price xP You guys are killing gaming.. Innovation has been frowned on, and this is another good example of that. Just wait for the next CoD to come out, and chill ;P"
,Recommended,273350,14427449,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,ShadowKnight,You can eat alien poop11/10
76561198019566661,Recommended,273350,14425665,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Anty,"First of all - THERE IS NO DAY ONE DLC!Basically bunch of dumb entitled kids decided that they deserve everything for free (including skinpack, which were obviously created with sole purpose of being sold, and make money for all upcomming FREE content, like new maps and new gamemodes), and that just does not make any sense at all. Let alone to wirte a review of a game based on false pretences.To the game itself:Surprisingly the game is very well ballanced, considering it whole unconvetional 4v1 premise. Yes, you can see lots of different threads on here, or anywhere else, saying the game is noet ballanced. However that is not true. The reason why its not true its the main 4v1 premise of the game. Obviously when you are ""lone wolf"" and join a random party as a hunter you have a big chance of getting ""rekt"" by the monster. But this has nothing to do with game ballance, but its the teamwork that is the issue here. I bought the game with 3 other friends and have to say that we win majority of our matches thanks to a good teamplay and constant communication. And thats what this game is about - teamwork. It is not you classic COD or Battlefield FPS shoother when you can just run around alone and kill people. Teamwork is the bottom line here. Unless you play for the monster - then you can hunt alone, but again you need skill, because it works vice versa. So if you are bad monster against well working team, you have no chance.Game is not repetitive, since every match is a new experience. You are never going the same direction or do the same things. And thats what I like about it. And I think lot of you too.Evolve gives us 12 different, very interesting and very well designed maps with lot of verticality. Each map has its ""sweet spots"" for either side. So you have to pick your fight wisely so you wont end up in disadvantage by your own actions, or inactions.Variety of hunters is good in my opinon since you have 3 completely different hunters for each class. Which makes total of 12 different hunters. They all have their own weapons and abilities. - very important is not only to pick a hunter you like, but to fit it into a team. When you play the game you will realise that some hunters work better together than others. (Thats all dependable on their abilities/weapons)We all have 3 monsters to choose from - Goliath. Kraken and Wraith. Each completely different than the other. Goliath is a tank on the ground who can both give and recieve heavy punches. Kraken is long distance killer who can rain the death from the sky on you, and the Wraith, which is fast as hell and once it gets to stage 3 very difficult to deal with.Those who preordered the game will also get the 4th monster called Behemoth. This one will be available sometimes next month (march). And those who have bought PC Monster Race (as I did :P) will get 5th, currently unknown, monster as well as 2 aditional hunters.Apart from this 2K and TurtleRock have future plans for the game. And we can be thankfull for what they are planning since we will get all new maps and gamemodes for free!All this seems to me as a very good deal! You have to consider how much thought and time went into this game to provide such an entertining and addictive experience as it does! So yes - IT IS WORTH THE PRICE! So do not listen to the butthurt kids who know nothing about it. Only thing you have to pay for, besides the core game, is new monsters and hunters if you want to have more than 12 / 3 (4) of them, what I find as compeltely optional and absolutely not necessary for you to enjoy the game fully!"
76561197997941900,Recommended,273350,14433197,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,xxx RIP xxx,This is definitely the contender for game of the year. Got to play it to believe it. Well balanced for both hunters and monsters. Fantastic gameplay so what more can one ask for. Only thing to complain is the high price for DLC and such. But then again considering the efforts the developers have put in. I don't mind paying a premium for this game. Can't say for the rest though...xD
76561198081880309,Not Recommended,273350,24206095,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Akroma,"I buy the game and now, he is free...♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,273350,24161677,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Evolution79,"Ive read my fair share of reviews of this game, and i completely agree with why everyones giving it hate. I played the beta of this game and liked it so i pre-ordered the game, after all the DLC and microtransactions i just gave up on the game.Now they have maded it free which F*cks all the people that bought it right up the♥♥♥♥♥ This is my first major hate review but i dont think the dev team deserve our love or the majority of good reviews its been getting. Most of them are just because its now free. if only the dev team just refunded us half of what we bought it for instead of giving us sh*tty in-game ""goodies"". Go drink bleach 2K/Turtle Rock"
,Not Recommended,273350,24161945,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Shark Bait,Payed money for the game a long while back.Played it.Hated it.Game went F2P.10/10 would kill myself again
76561198046675266,Not Recommended,273350,28332074,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Dustin,"I want Left 4 Dead 3, not this piece of f*cking garbage!Seriously this game is sh*t.2/10"
,Not Recommended,273350,24209601,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,OGDugz,"Good for everybody that didn't purchase the game before hand. Myself and literally every other person that paid for this, not so much. The 'Founder' edition perks are pretty bad and they simply aren't what I agreed to purchase in the first place.I disagree that we're not getting the option to refund after making it free to play with these changes. Let it be a lesson to stay clear of these developers in the future."
,Not Recommended,273350,24162038,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,BEST EVER,I payed 60 dollars for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game now its free
,Not Recommended,273350,24303570,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,The Tintillo,"60$ for nothing, no one play this game, now is f2p, but i believe it will be p2w..."
,Not Recommended,273350,24155886,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,C.S,"SUCK AS HELL, PAY MY MONEY BACK!!"
76561198012236398,Not Recommended,273350,24164969,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,hello,the game seems incredibly imbalanced. monster just waits for you at the starting area and 3 shots everyone. while we unload into him and barely get shield off.2/10 2 being for graphics. utterly garbage game.
76561197962998931,Not Recommended,273350,24170175,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,agent2j,♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. SERIOUSLY? I PRE-PAID AND SPENT 60 DAMN DOLLARS AND NOW ITS FREE TO PLAY LESS THAN A YEAR LATER?
,Recommended,273350,14413500,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,HideoshiKaze,I will live inside this game
76561198067888698,Not Recommended,273350,24203713,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Jauhosäkki,WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS WRONG WITH THIS GAME
,Not Recommended,273350,24250935,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,F GrahamPhisher X,"so just about a year ago, a game I spent 60$ on is now a f2p? hm..."
76561198003360455,Recommended,273350,14425415,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Carnage,games are not free
,Recommended,273350,12790054,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Corvii,Just one more match and I'll stop......and every match is my last match.
76561198015453329,Recommended,273350,14411149,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,DeceiveR  326,simple its great
76561198016730036,Not Recommended,273350,14627936,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,PsychoDino,No patch yet. Wraith OP. Dying playerbase.
,Recommended,273350,14424019,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,nZ,WIN!
76561198117233067,Not Recommended,273350,24276649,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,-BlacK-,"I PAID 29,99$ FOR THIS GAME TO BECOME FREE? I WANT MY MONEY BACK"
76561197977260303,Recommended,273350,18025904,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Qusia,"This game is fantastic, there isn't much bad I can say about it. It's a great game that is basically everything you've dreamed of. Here is a bit about the gameplay.You get to be a monster (multiple types) that evolve through 3 stages, choosing and upgrading an array of skills to crush four hunters, or flee from perhaps.As a hunter you have to work together to destroy the monster before he reaches level 3 and destroys your power relay or kills all of you. There are four different hunters, Support, Trapper, Assault, and Medic. Of each class there are multiple people to play as who each have unique abilities as well!There are multiple game modes, and there are powerups throughout each level for either the monster or hunters, also, there are a vast array of different powerups.Did I mention PERKS? Oh yes, after you pick your character, you also get to pick a  perk for that match, multiple of these as well.This game is hard to get bored of, I love it very much, and I think it's great."
76561198008749389,Recommended,273350,14495651,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,[GRVTS]Fat Bastard,Over the course of my time I find the game unbalanced somewhat boring but also a very enjoyable experience.The game itself isn't worth 60$ I bought it for 100$ so let me speak here. Get the game if you were remotely interested in it during the advertising it was everything that was promised.Pros and consProsGood gameplayfun huntersnice graphaxVaried mapsBehemoth when he gets released.ConsGoliathKrakenWraithMaggienot very fun compared to other games I myself got 16 hours out of a 3$ flashgame compared to my 20hours in this 60-100$ game.DLC is also a big con.Overall good game boring gameplay needs balancing and behemoth. More variety.
76561198045058145,Not Recommended,273350,24147131,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,PittaPatta,It is just full on just a bad video game. -1/10
76561198151365993,Recommended,273350,14411072,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,|RoS| PreHistoricChaos,just... brilliant
,Recommended,273350,14410669,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Phozphol1c,Godzilla Simulator 201510/10
,Not Recommended,273350,24154394,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,MANDO,so now after  i bought  the game   its  going  to be free ? and  i cant refund  and  i will not  get the full DLC when it  become  all free to play ??so letterly u ♥♥♥♥en every one  who bought  it !>?i need to know what i will get when the  game become  free to play as  a  person  who bought  it .
76561197974187054,Recommended,273350,14436615,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Stormstout,"amazing game, great concept and lots of fun. but here let me sum up the avg negitive review ""whahhh this game had day one DLC skins whahhh"" ignore them this is a great game with room to expand"
,Recommended,273350,14410492,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Michael Scopefield,"Played this game for the first time as a monster and all I can say is: Wow.I was on the tip of my fedora for the entire match, till the very last minutes where I slaughtered all of them and layed my eyes on the victory screen for the first time.Gr8 game m8s i r8 8/8 for all the wildlife and hunters i 8"
,Recommended,273350,14438043,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Autism,very good game but so much DLC
,Recommended,273350,14403541,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Perri,Heaps of fun! :)
,Not Recommended,273350,24179711,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Hendra1304 Hidup AviwKila !!!,LOL I BOUGHT THE GAME PRE ORDER AND YET I NEED TO GRIND FOR SKIN ?????? TRS I HOPE YOU BANKRUPT.
,Not Recommended,273350,14404453,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,sugiik,don't buy this....you got everything except .exe file(thumb up if you agree :D)ediT: they released the exe
,Not Recommended,273350,24160790,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Maze,GOING FREE TO PLAY IS LIKE ADDING INSULT TO THE PEOPLE WHO ACTUALLY BOUGHT YOUR GAMEI PERSONALLY BOUGHT THE MONSTER RACE EDITION FOR 100 BUCKS. I'M DONE WITH YOU.
,Not Recommended,273350,24170644,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,The KOSEN one,I USED MONEY ON THAT SJIT ALOT IT WAS EXPENSIV AND NW IT'S F2P
76561198099974178,Recommended,273350,30429020,Posted: 10 March,all,Dolphin,This game is great. Wish more people would come back to it.
,Not Recommended,273350,14510144,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Mung,"Let's get this out of the way first;-Yes, there is DLC for sale on Day 1.  It is all cosmetic.-Yes, thre is planned DLC for more monsters/hunters that will indeed cost money.-Yes, the prices for games is not equivalent between nations due to currency differences.  My games cost me less than someone in Australia for instance.Still here, or have the top 3 points already riled you up?All that aside...how is the game?Short of AvP2 (near and dear to my heart), this is one of the best aysemitrical online FPS games that I've ever played.  Granted, titles like that aren't exactly common...but they do require a great deal of work behind the scenes to ensure that fun is had by all.  Evolve has done so.Is it worth your money?  Did you like Left4Dead?  That's the clearest example I can possibly give.If you felt that L4D was a good spend, then I'm quite sure you'll enjoy this.  Teamwork actually is difficult to achieve and no longer consists of merely ""staying together"".  You must know your abilities and when to use them and what classes work well with yours.In the same vein, if you suck at teamplay or at least trying to work as a cohesive unit, you are going to have a boring time.  Worse, you'll make it boring for 4 others!I feel that this game is best experienced with friends.  People that aren't afraid to voice chat, people that aren't afraid to make a ""Wheee"" sound when they fall from the dropship.  This game is meant to work around a social experience.  Ergo, communication is essential for the enjoyment of the game and whom better to do so than your friends?  I'd liken this aspect to Destiny.  Destiny is arguably devoid of content...however that all goes away when I'm shooting the♥♥♥♥♥♥(and shooting♥♥♥♥♥♥ with my friends online.Looks good, sounds great and plays well.  Is it for you?  Again, use L4D for a guide for your purchase.Update-Changed to non-reccomendation.  This game's community barely lasted 6 months.  Interesting concept but unfortunatley poor business practices killed this community off entirely.  Play Sven Coop instead."
,Not Recommended,273350,29535899,Posted: 27 January,all,The Guest,"“Tactically deep, and bursting with character”9/10 –"
76561198165158540,Not Recommended,273350,29556970,Posted: 28 January,all,HecticRaptor,"this game is dead.tried to connect for 1 hour and 30 minutes, nothing. even developers said that they will ""move on"" and we all know what that means."
,Not Recommended,273350,29551144,Posted: 28 January,all,Kowalsky,"online connecting error - cant connect to servers, me and friend had it. has nothing to do with ports. broken game"
,Not Recommended,273350,29551184,Posted: 28 January,all,Batroll,Failed to connect error 90% of the time for no reason. Broken game. Dont waste your time
76561198055728475,Not Recommended,273350,14466405,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,[{(FC4)}]B🅰N3R,To be honest i wish i would have pirated the game rather than buying it because this game is really worth only 25-30$ this game feels horribly incomplete like just a half of a game then new hunters and new monsters come out and you need to pay for them so basicly don't buy it just pirate it
76561198170153907,Recommended,273350,15534560,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,MooGoesCow,"one of the most intense games of hide and seek you will ever play, evolve takes on a new approach to monsters by allowing you to play as the monster and destroy the enemy team. the game is fun to play for the first 10 hours but then it becomes dull as you sneak around as the monster or wander aimlessly to find the monster. there are about 5 game modes but they are all the same in reality, but it is fairly dull and has little replay value"
76561197996860706,Not Recommended,273350,14553271,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Masterj,"After playing through this game I just can't stand to play it anymore. The game itself is fun at the start but the balance is horrible. For example, you can kill computer players easily because they ""don't know the tricks to the game"". Real people know choke points and use damage amplifier that chews through your defence then your health.Decent game if you play online but the core is meant to be played with other people. Balance is too bad to do so. I wish the game was worked on another year or so because it had so much potential. Instead it's just tossed out and no one plays anymore. I really wanted a huge monster game but it ended up being (kindly saying) a money grab."
,Not Recommended,273350,14568310,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Death on Two Legs /ϡ,"While I have mixed feelings about this game, I would only recommend it if you are a big fan of coop FPS games (those that you can't win alone unless you are the monster here)! Evolve is the kind of game than can be very boring and upsetting if your party does not know how to play (you could be chasing during a tremendous amount of time an elusive monster that keeps hiding instead of evolving to tier 3), or can be potentially entertaining if you coordinate well your team actions (the game give you some hints like split the party in pairs to siege the monster).Pros:- Great for coop shooter fans (please use your mic and talk to each other)- Different hunter classes and characters w/ unique habilities- Chasing as hunters can be thrilling- Best played with friends- Playing as a Pacific Rim Kaiju-like beast is topCons:- Repetitive gameplay (as a monster: run, eat creeps, evolve, attack, retreat / as a hunter: track, track, attack, retreat)- Takes too much to get into the action (hunters dull dialogs before dropship, monster need to run away)- Minor maps bugs that make the character gets stuck or fall beneath them- Tracking can be boring if you're lost or have the wrong loadout- Some people don't like to play with the monster and stand still to be killed quickly (real turn-off)- Very low base players(http://steamcharts.com/app/273350)"
,Not Recommended,273350,14493245,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Non-zerø-sum,"Idk, I like it.Edit: I don't like it anymore.The DLC is just vanity skins."
,Not Recommended,273350,18007986,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,_Setik_CzE,Game full off damage cheat unskileld kids. Buy your cheats and go play this♥♥♥♥♥♥game.
76561198077053885,Recommended,273350,16512338,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Fri3nD_oF_yOur_3n3my,Im giving Evolve a second chance because I know the game has the potential to become a great game.It needs support from the player base to hopefuly at some point erase all the pointless DLC like gun colors and Monster skins and make them unlockable.Who knows they might even add an in-game currency to the game and the problem will be solved all Evolve needs is support from the current community and an increase in player base.If you already played the game then you left it you should really give it a second chance there have been many improvements since you left.And for any newbie out there thinking about grabing this game do it you wont regret it especially now that it's cheaper than even.Evolve started off in the wrong foot and needs to pick itself up and keep going but for that it needs a bigger player base.Ultimately don't curse on Evolve because of it's cheap DLC practices and limited gameplay choices or whatever you find yourself to be mad on Evolve if you don't want to give it another chance and don't want to help it grow into a better BIGGER game.(Get it BIGGER? :P)
76561198130236283,Recommended,273350,18187488,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Bullet Magnet,"Ok game, not enough content for the price."
,Recommended,273350,18169711,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Caveman,"it starts as long ques, but once you get your 10 placement matches out of the way i went from 5-10 min down to 2-3 mins. gameplay gets better the further and further you get."
,Not Recommended,273350,15098871,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,QD ⚜,"DLCs. ♥♥♥♥ you.Also, if you're playing as monster, it's way too easy to win.The game creates a really good atmosphere and is fun to play, even though it gets boring after a month or so of playing, due to the lack of content / gamemodes."
,Not Recommended,273350,14471052,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,RAPTOR22,"They just keep milking the gamers for nothing... game is dead, the players decided."
76561198017654095,Not Recommended,273350,12758283,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,ShadingNight,"Bad balance, whiny community, and devs don't anything about itAvoid at all cost."
,Recommended,273350,15417570,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,台灣水電工,"it's a very fun game, i couldn't  find any game more finny"
,Recommended,273350,14427648,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,an abundance of melanin,"Financial gripes, aside Evolve is a great game that at its core is a great glorified cat and mouse with great gameplay. And no playerbase."
76561198089662677,Recommended,273350,18026507,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,76561198089662677,"Contrary to popular belief, Evolve IS a good game that deserves more attention. I hope you will give this game a shot before dismissing it because of a mediocre steam rating. Evolve does get good reviews if you ignore all the complaints about it being too pricey."
,Not Recommended,273350,17294671,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Error,Most gay game ever dont try it .
76561197977376128,Recommended,273350,17965438,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Ryujjin,"Fantastic environments but the monsters are to klunky, or the controls are, appear to be way handicapped and far to easy to find and hold, basically just run after the footprints. When they make some better bad♥♥♥♥♥monsters five stars. They need a better rating system in here.Another poster basically summed it up big♥♥♥♥♥arms with tiny little hits cuz It's hard enough hitting four little hunters buzzing about. Three stars out of 5. Get it on sale for some cheap fun, but wait till the monsters get a buff or something for full price. The monsters should be monsters and the hunters should have to plan wisely to get them, not just run in circles chasing (the M cant hide, just sneak which is basically useless). The game will also kick you out in the middle of a match for some reason as well, seems to be happeneing more and more frequently even though there are hardly any players online.The hunters are fun to play with plenty of variety but the monstera are super dissapointing.There also appears to be a glitch with the collision in game because sometimes you will kill a creature to feed but it will fall through the ground, time waisted during a chase."
,Not Recommended,273350,14427371,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,LegitCo,"This game is a waste of your money. It is so damn repetitive it's utterly disgusting. The fact that they hyped the game so much made me preorder it for 100$ only to play 14 hours of running in a forest (which is pretty much every map) trying to kill a monster which appearently fell from the sky.Run, Hide, Die, Repeat (if you like doing that for 70$ go ahead and buy this trash)."
,Not Recommended,273350,14464930,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Hexador,"If you were hoping for a well paced game that slowly builds up to an epic confrontation, Evolve sadly isn't for you. It forgoes the lengthy gameplay one might have hoped for in an asymmetrical PVP game in favor of small maps and twitch action. Certainly fun, but not what I was hoping for."
,Recommended,273350,14459164,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Shark,"The developers made correction to the previous version. Now the game menus fit well on the center screen and the game is playable on 3 screens with a nice surround vision. Good job devs !PREVIOUS EVAL (not valid anymore) : It's really a pain that in 2015 a game of this kind don't supportnVidia SurroundorAMD Eyefinityproperly... menus are poorly programmed and totally unusable on a 3 screens setup (6030x1080 with bezel correction), a simple test on multi-screen setup would have showed the obvious.So after disabling the surround / eyefinity just to be able to set the game in 1920x1080, the game is playable on theimmersivecenter screen."
,Recommended,273350,14703905,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Zach7780,This is a really fun game packed with action and suspense. Evolve consisit of 5 classes my favourite is trapper so i highly recomend this game
,Recommended,273350,12756063,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Sir. Byzantium,This game is endless fun. If you can get past the usual annoyance of idiots joining your team it is a REALLY fun game. Although that is something you will always face with a team game.Although the route I usually go is playing as the monster and dominating the hunters.Hint: medic->support->assualt->trapper->trapjaw=Victory for mother russia!
,Recommended,273350,14414865,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,mr.dp,"Nah, it's good, WAHAHAHAHAH"
,Recommended,273350,14427581,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,frosty,"10/10Game is great, people are butthurt over having to pay for skins that are cosmetic. Game is worth the money buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,273350,14428213,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,GeneralXTL,Game runs well. Ran into a small bug where my mouse cursor would stay on the screen. (Temp fix by toggling steam overlay a couple times)Overall there is a LOT more to the game than when i played the alpha. Dont listen to all the negative reviews as most never even purchased the game.Price tag? Yes a little high would of been happier with $50 at base price and $65 with season pass. But i know in the end il get my monies worth.
,Recommended,273350,14428247,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,cat,I AM A MONSTER
76561198081280631,Recommended,273350,14427437,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,JediBear,"WOW so i buy the game, realize i want to play the 3rd monster, seems more like a character I would like to play. Go to select it, find out I need to level up all of Kraken, im like whatever that seems pretty fun too.... NOPE gotta level up goliath all the way first too... why should i try and level up 2 monsters I dont even care to play.Edit: After closer inspection its not as bad as I first thought, all you need to do is level it up to level 1 in all abilities"
,Recommended,273350,14426670,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Vodu,"Hunt or be hunted. This is not a battle you go head first to do the most damage possible. You run, lead the prey into a trap and fight on your own terms, use the enviroment to your benefits. Fight small fights and hinder your opponent until the final strike.As a monster, you must survive, grow stronger, be as stealth as possible and bring chaos when necessary. You are big, but not invincible, do not underestimate the hunters.As a hunter, kill the beast as soon as possible, the longer you wait, the stronger it gets. The monster is stronger, faster and tougher than you, but you have allies. Do not engage alone, do your role let them do their. Together you can kill the beast"
,Recommended,273350,14411843,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Sunshine the Werewolf,One word: Awesome!  Bring on the Cthullu!
76561197988629217,Recommended,273350,14412726,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Commander Hawke,"I was deeply concerned about how this game would be when I pre-ordered.  It's PvP and PvE in a mixed bag.  Well, it turns out, it was a good decision.I have 7 hours listed, but it felt like more.  I got to do some pretty amazing things.  Playing both as hunter and monster, I just can't clearly explain how much fun it really was.  4 hunters can and will take the single monster as long as everyone is working together.  It reminds me a LOT of Left 4 Dead in that way.If you do not work together, as in 4 out of 4, you will lose.  The monsters are powerful, you feel powerful, no doubt about it. There were only two monsters in beta, and both were entirely and completely different in playstyle and abilities.I will say that this is definitely a good investment.  If you don't want to spend $60 on it, there are specials.  Last week there was a special that gave 40% off.  Wish I had that option back in October.  Oh well."
,Not Recommended,273350,14413645,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Dan Kuroto Shin,It's okay7/10IGN
76561197971092949,Recommended,273350,14421579,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,thrax709,"Fantastic game, we have all beeen waiting for this one for a long time. Granted it is a BRAND NEW RELEASE so yes there will be teething issues such as multiplayer dc issues. But if you do buy this game for whatever price, you will enjoy it. Do not buy into all the hate for this game, it will grow and improve upon itself. This is not a game for fair weather gamers"
76561198111652654,Not Recommended,273350,14423211,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,john117,"this game is suck for playing, I have no idea with my not responding during the game. Also, for monster I don't know how to do in resuce and protect mission. The level 1 monster need to protect eggs or killing people when the monster is in 1st level. People only need to destory eggs or rescuing people that monster won't have time to evolve. It's too hard for monster for the other mission not the hunting misssion."
76561197965060389,Recommended,273350,14423336,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Iro,Fun and unique team based game and challenging.
,Recommended,273350,14423210,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Johnny Rico.,"I'll give the nutshell version 1st;10/10. Get this game. The mechanics, the effects, the game modes. Get this game, even if you're on the cusp and have nobody to play with, search reddit for parties.Slightly more detail;This game is the visual depiction of brown trousers time. Both hunters & monsters have to be tactical (to fight, or not to fight. That is the question). There are varying combinations of hunter loadouts, each of which compliment your teammate and simultaneously counter/dont counter the monster.If you play the Evacuation mode, it is similar to L4D where you work through a set of 5 or so maps, each with different objectives. BUT WAIT! The difference is, the outcome (winner or loser of the previous map) determines the environment of the next map to be played. I.e. hunters lose The Aviary? Prepare to have AI controlled ♥♥♥♥bats flying at you ontop of hunting the monster. Defeat the monster on the map whilst a Wraith is trapped in the tank? BLAM! next map there are teleportation tunnels available for the hunters.There is something like 8,000 different combinations of environmental effects caused by the players.I see a lot of these reviews are based on the price? Jeez the wheez, simple demand and supply. If you want the game buy it, if a lot of people want to buy the game (which they do/did) then the price goes up. This isn't a subscription service, it's a choice. Made by YOU, techincally an adult. Too many of these reviews are based on idiots that clearly don't have the income to purchase popular games. Sure, wait until it become available in a sale, or on♥♥♥♥♥or humblebundle whatever. But don't flame and downvote the damn game because YOU have your♥♥♥♥♥in your hand and it isn't Christmas so you're parents can't purchase this as a gift for you.Not had to wait for matchmaking, and already starting to find regular people to party up with via Reddit. See you on the planet!"
76561197977757858,Recommended,273350,14423416,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,WhatEver,It's freakin' awesome!
76561198083755742,Recommended,273350,14423850,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Lean Quatifah,"This might be hard to believe, but this man is the leader of a group of lizards from the hyper elite. I know this first hand. I took care of this being as the mentor, as I am a hyper elite of the syntax-sector of the Illuminati. I have experimented with teleportation, Obama, and lizards shape-shifting into Secret-service agents. When the syntax-sector of the hyper elite barracks in the north pole, most experiments broke loose. This prototype, however, was smarter than most. With little to no signs of lizard-like structures when shape-shifted, he was the perfect man for our job. I once used my transformation powers, but was quickly spotted, and the extra-molecular shape-shifting superdinosaur came and saved me, with the hyperbeam harvested from Dialga in the Pokemon dimension. Yes, that show is real, made by the Ancient Gods from Sector-B//AnimationDimension//X-3, we transported the creatures into the ""intelligent"" planet called Earth, in my opinion, the weakest sector of the whole Illuminati. If you want more information about these creatures first hand, contact me via Google+ or teleportating to the hyperdimension in Class-A."
,Recommended,273350,14423858,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Fanthir,"My actual feelings on the game:Fantastic. I really like it and I enjoy playing it with friends. When I play as the monster it feels like I'm a predator dodging through a forest avoiding detection until I can get the upper hand. And when i play as a hunter I love the teamplay dynamic and how each class is fun on it's own to play. The price point is moot because like almost all games it will most likely change over time and there will always be a sale.My feelings about the dlc dilemma:Even if you plan to have DLC, stop telling people and parading it around like it's the coolest thing ever, because it detracts from the game and it makes a bad impression on your company and the products you are selling. It also makes customers feel bad if they do not have the funds or do not like the idea of paying for something that isn't even here yet.Instead of selling a game with the option of cool additional bonus content it feels like your selling me a game with some holes in it. But the problem is that there aren't holes in the game, the game is fun and feels complete on it's own. The problem is that you mentioned the dlc and the holes are now implied in our thoughts about the game.If you didn't even mention dlc then I would have been excited when it would have been announced, even if the announcement was an inevitability, but because the announcement was before the game even came out it just feels like there could be more to the game because the decision to reveal the dlc has told us that there IS more to come and it is not complete. Which is a shame because on it's own it is really fun to play.Overall, if you liked the beta/alpha it's the same but with a bit more content(Wraith + 4 more hunters). If you didn't like it then don't play it, but it is a blast with friends and I don't regret my purchase.TL;DRGREAT GAME, BUT STOP TELLING US ABOUT DLC WE KNOW IT'S GONNA HAPPEN DON'T SHOVE IT IN OUR FACE BECAUSE WE'RE GETTING SICK OF IT AND IT DETRACTS FROM THE ACTUAL GAME."
76561198101878547,Not Recommended,273350,14424058,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Hotline Hotline,i try to load up the game but t keeps crashing constantly
,Recommended,273350,14424064,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Vanilla Freak,i Luv Bunny Rabbits from Ann Summers
76561197968207989,Recommended,273350,14424083,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Tersidre,"The good here is that its super fun to play. Being the monster starts off as running your♥♥♥♥♥off but if you manage to survive and get to stage 2 or 3 it quickly turns around and you are now chasing the hunters. They can still kill you with some good effort but if you have half a brain as the monster you will beat them.The negatives here is the price. They are charging full price and then some for the game. TBH this game should of been in the 20-30 dollar area. Its really fun but honestly there isnt enough diversity in the game to really justify 60. On top of that you bet your♥♥♥♥♥there is a full fledged fully functioning cash shop with cosmetic items galore. All of which are in the 5-20 dollar range.Right now to have full access to the game + all of the cosmetic stuff + all of the DLC you are looking at around 200 dollars.If you are on the edge about buying this one I would say get it if you are really stoked for it but if you feel kinda Meh about the whole 4v1 thing then just wait for it to go on sale down in the 20-30 dollar range to get more of a bargin on it.I am enjoying it alot, intense gameplay and the map modes are fun. The community is dog♥♥♥♥♥♥like most online gaming communities its completely filled with people whining their♥♥♥♥♥off about everything. Boo hoo I lost as the monster buff the monster... boo hoo I tried to 1v1 the monster and got eaten....What it boils down to is if you are the hunters you MUST work together to kill it. If you are the monster you NEED to play smartly and pick your battles in order to win. Even at full strength a monster just face spamming his way into the middle of a team and not picking his fights and choosing his targets careful will just end up on the floor.So yeah, if you are excited about it and dig the whole 4v1 thing this is right up your alley. If not then you should probably pass."
,Recommended,273350,14424089,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Fresh Prince of Fel Air,"People who are not reccommending Evolve are generally using the same excuse: the DLC wall. Allow me to attempt to explain, though this review will have no impact on future reviews. Keep in mind that this is the DAY OF RELEASE REVIEW.Now, all the DAY ONE DLC BS is indeed BS, but all it is all skins and the season pass. Nothing game-changing. And you don't really need the DLC, since it is mostly cosmetic stuff day one. As an avid TF2 player, I understand people need new hats and cosmetics because it looks cool, but that is just it: they don't need new cosmetics. it doesn't matter what you look like in-game, it'll just look nice. Gotta pay to be beautiful right?It's what's on the inside that counts. Comparing that statement to Evolve, it is a really fun GAME in my eyes. I like the gameplay, the diversity in the gameplay, the environments, the Evacuation mode, and so on. As stated before, it's like Godzilla meets Predator, again, in my eyes, a dream come true.I actually pre-ordered the $100 version. Do I regret spending that much out of my Steam wallet? No, but that might be because I have money to burn.Do I think the game is overpriced? Perhaps, yeah. A price drop would be nice, but I believe all the negative reviews Evolve is getting DAY ONE is a little preposterous.10/10 Would Hunt The Goliath Again(And a little advice to other people who wish to review games: Review a game by it's gameplay that it offers the player, not what the player can potentially have, i.e. DLC Also, DLC is an old business practice, Why are people getting angry now?)"
76561198034482516,Not Recommended,273350,14424216,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Stormageddon,"Not worth the cost, Just to need more DLC and Still expecting new add-ons that will only be dlc.Finish your game then release it.1/10 would refund."
,Not Recommended,273350,14424249,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Mut ◕‿◕,Wait til this poorly optimized console port is on sale.
,Not Recommended,273350,14424890,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,OCCVLT,Stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198125921322,Not Recommended,273350,14425489,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,MagentaHawk,Was excited to play the game for a long time. Can't play a single game because the load gets stuck at 90% and never moves. So far $60 down the drain. Forum solutions aren't helping. The game looks great but made two big mistakes on day 1: offering DLC on a purchased game and lots of bugs. Can't recommend until they get many of these game limiting bugs fixed.
,Recommended,273350,14424208,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Braxtonator2000,"First off, let me say that I love this game. This game could be played on the same gamemode in multiplayer for hours and it would never get boring, thanks to the fact that there are a number of diffrent tactics both the monster and the hunters can use to take down the opposing team. But, if you are someone who fails to find replay value in things like tactics, there is a variety of hunters to play as, each with their own weapons and abilities, same with the monsters. There are also a variety of gamemodes to play, as well as a large amount of maps. Now I shall talk about the negatives, of which there are few. There is a cash shop in-game, which most reviews have stated. The fact they have all lacked to mention is that the cash shop does not sell anything advantagous to either the hunter or the monster. The cash shop sells different skins for each monster, weapon skins for the hunters, and when they come out, additional monsters and hunters. So far, through roughly 5 hours of play, I have not expirienced a single disconnect, bug, or crash (knock on wood!). One thing from all the negative reviews that I will blatantly agree with is that the optimization is quite bad. While I see diffrence in quality of textures and other effects between quality setting high and low, I do not see any changes to framerate or slowness. The game performs the same at high as it does on low and medium, same with disabling and enabling v-sync, rendering those options completley useless. So far, those are the only gripes I have on the game right now and hopefully forever. I do also expect that even those issues will dissapear, once they start patching things. Overall, I am seriously enjoying this game, and god do I hope this becomes an e-sport.EDIT:I'm gonna save you a bit of time by listing every single review you will see on here in a couple of words:-I like the beta, but then the company had to make money. How dare they try to make money off of their hard work they've worked on for years.-Why is the price so high?-OH GOD THE PRICE-DLCDLCDLC WTF-AHHHHH SKINS ARE AVAILABLE FOR PURCHASE THAT ARE COMPLETELY OPTIONAL AND DON'T AFFECT THE GAMEPLAY AT ALL-REPETETIVE (Says the person with 2 hrs of gameplay on their account)Now, notice how many of these actually talk about the actual gameplay. Checkmate, losers. This game is a ton of fun."
76561198087954664,Recommended,273350,14426195,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Jaspiown,"Game is awesome, let the poor complain!!! 11/10"
,Recommended,273350,14426836,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,BinaryCode86,"This is an amazing game and definitely a blast to play. No one can deny that, here is the problem with everyone....The dlc options and price. Is this game worth 60 dollars? of course it is. You will spend hours playing it and have a blast.The season pass will get you new monsters and hunters. The maps and game modes are being giving free when they are released.If you are iffy about the price don't be. It is the same difference of paying 60 dollars for cod , assasin's creed, or battlefield and spending 50 dollars on a season pass from them. Atleast this game actually brings something new to the table and mixes up the formula.So buy the game and have a great time because no one in the majority has not reccommended this game because they say it sucks. Atleast turtle rock was honest about the dlc options and not trying to throw it under you in secret."
76561198067586258,Recommended,273350,14426841,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Austinsnake,"Pretty Good, I like it."
76561198085293542,Not Recommended,273350,14426846,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Frog,"I only played evolve for the first time today and only an hour at that, so cant really comment on the gameplay too much.The reason I am writing a review is that I am slightly disappointed with what you get day one with the different editions of the game available to purchase. I purchased the Monster Race edition hoping for additional content or at least a few things unlocked for me, but instead you get basically nothing. You can only initially play four hunters (one of each type), the rest you have to unlock and one monster, again the rest you unlock. The only difference is I have two skins for the monster (only one of which is playable at the start) and I cant tell the difference between the skins other than the character goes a little red - both skins look the same...Day one not worth buying anything other than the standard edition"
76561198051171433,Recommended,273350,12766443,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Giga,"a fun game, hope they add more varaiety or it could become repetitive but so far is a good work"
,Recommended,273350,12757730,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Autistic but Artistic,"After playing 12 hours of Evolve, i feel as if i know the areas where the game needs to get its work done. Overall, i highly enjoyed the game, or the alpha of the game. Even when i was losing i was having fun. Its the thrill of the hunt that i really enjoy and just how everyone does their job differently.As hunters, chasing the monster is an extreme joy. The core of the hunters. However, no matter how fun it is to chase the monster, when you approach or actually fight the monster it is equally enjoyable. Depoying one of the most clutch arenas where a lvl 3 monster is going for the power relay, but you get the boundarys just so he cant get to it. Calling down a bombardment on an evolving monster, tranqulizing the monster to slow and give vision, harpooning the monster and following it's tracks, and shocking it with a tesla cannon are all extremely fun. Its one of the most accomplished feelings i have had in a game in a long time. As well as sneaking under a ridge while the hunters look off in the distance, only to go in the wrong way and i run where they just came from is awesome.Some of the problems i had with the Alpha is just a few tweaks. Obviously the addition of new maps, monsters, and players are coming, but the state of the current monster and hunter balance is off. Goliath and Kraken are two completely different level scalings. A goliath can hold back a hunter team at level 1. Take them out at level 2 a fair amount easier. And once he reaches level 3 its his game. Most of the time. With Kraken, a good or moderate player with him can destroy a team right out of the gate. Level 1 with armor it is not hard for Kraken to take the enemy team. His abilitys do too much damage for the cc they also provide. Once he hits level 2 or 3, there is no way the hunters can take him down, unless the Kraken isnt as proficiant as all that i have seen. Not to mention that a monster can get to the second evolution within 2 or 3 minutes. This is fine. Levels the field. But if he isnt found within the next 4 or 5 maybe even 6 minutes, he hits level 3 with no competition. Even the best team i had couldnt take a level 3 Goliath down, but we came close. Its just how quick a monster can get from level 2 - 3 is a real bother. This generally ends up with the monster hitting 3 and just winning the game from there. Generally in the alpha, it will be the monster's win. This is sad to say unless you have a smart and aggresive trapper.I highly enjoy this game. Albeit the few complaints i have of Kraken being stupid strong as of writing this, and how quick a monster can evolve to just win the game once they hit level 3 (Krakens case 2 - 3), and the length of time it takes to get in a match (Its long, but not unbearable). The amount of fun i had playing the alpha for 12 hours, it may just warrant its $60 price tag. $60 is a lot though, simply because $10 of 60 in a console's case goes towards packaging. This is PC, im not getting a box for this. I hope that is isnt going to flop and be our next TitanFall.P.S. If you read all of this, thank you for the time. I know i could have organized this better, but meh."
76561198081949274,Recommended,273350,12757842,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Xeno Dragoon,ALPHA REVIEWI really enjoyed this game it took awhile to get a hang of the controls but once you do it is  quite exhilerating no matterwhat team your on it is always a fun time even though it only has one game mode (what do you expect its alpha) of course it is buggy cause of the alpha my only complaint is that i cant buy it right now
,Recommended,273350,12758270,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Kelivan,"I don't have much experience as a hunter, but I have played a bit as the monster, and it is amazingly fun. The thrill you get trying to avoid the hunters while you hunt down other creatures and consume them, all so you can suprise them later on as you reach the final evolution and completely wreck them, is the most amazing feeling I have gotten in a game in a long time. When the hunters are actually good at following you is fun in it's own way. You have to evade them by either running as quick as possible, or my favorite way, hiding. I've had hunters walk right past me when they were 10 feet away, not knowing I was hiding in the bushes staring at them, waiting for the hunter in the back to catch up, then get a sneak attack on him, consuming him before he even had a chance to do anything. Is it worth $60? Probably, but it is in alpha, so it's gonna get even better, making that $60 worth every bit."
,Recommended,273350,12758476,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Nosleep,Such a great concept.  Playing as a boss is a nice change of pace.
,Recommended,273350,12758546,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,About Nine Bears,"Evolve is one of the better games I've played in years. It's refreshing to see a game that is not so cookie cutter like we've seen lately in the AAA industry. It's an awesome concept that is perfectly executed, i highly recommend this game to any fan or muliplayer shooters."
76561198015300749,Recommended,273350,12762886,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,✪ Noxious Execution ☣,Great game! It's something new on it and I really like that game! I'm still waiting for release..
76561198116838910,Recommended,273350,12763258,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,MetalMilitiaMonk,Amazing game on the alpha never played game like this!!!!
76561198057855124,Recommended,273350,12765547,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Davchip,"Alpha review!I enjoyed playing Evolve the past days. The game looks good and i didn't experience allot of issues. The only problems I had were te long matchmakings when playing with a team and about 3 crashes.One of the thing is liked was the weather system in this game. After a few times playing the same map we had to play this map during a blizzard. This makes the game allot more different. The tracker becomes even more important since your visability is reduced. I hope they continue to work on these weather effect!Before the Alpha I was a bit afraid that it would be another game with classes that wouldn't require allot of teamplay. The Alpha proved this wrong. You can't survive alone, killing the monster alone will be impossible. every class relies on the other one. And not only the monster will be able to kill you, the local wildlife can also kill you, I've seen enough people not following the team that end up being eaten by a plant or a normal monster.In my opinion, Turtle Rock Studios did a amazing job on creating this game and making all classes fun to play. I can't wait for the full game!Pros:+Requires Teamwork+Amazing maps and environments.+Weather system (wich shouldn't be that rare since most of the time its just the normal weather)+Unique gameplay+All classes are fun to play+Allot of content for Alpha+Monster AI+Local wildlifeCons:-Games can be short depending on the monster-The hunter AI-Some matchmaking problems-Small maps"
76561198099317845,Recommended,273350,12749606,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Clydfrog,"Awesome game! The maps are pretty big and the landscapes are insane. I really hope they keep releasing new monsters and new maps, maybe even a new game mode with several mosnters and like a crap ton of humans against them."
,Recommended,273350,12749703,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Skjöltzka Veltzen,"*Alpha Review*I definitely recommend this game!But, there are some issues (it's alpha, so duh :P ). For starters, the ""Global Average"" counter worked only the first time I played the game, and after that it is all zero. Next, there is no such thing as match balancing. For instance, the very first time I started the game I was a level 1 monster up against level 7-15 hunters. Beyond that, the load times vary from a few seconds to 10+ minutes. Again, it's in alpha, so things like this are to be expected.Looking past all of the flaws (of which are few for being in alpha), the game is made with the Crysis engine, and I think most gamers know what the Crysis Engine is capable of both Graphically and Physics-wise. The game is Beautiful, save for all of the blood spurting everywhere XD.If you like games such as HAWKEN, TF2, and Crysis 1 / Crysis 2, and don't mind the cost, then this is definitely the game for you."
,Recommended,273350,12749949,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Cotton Heads,"Lots of fun, great team work, gotta say that I really enjoyed this game. Still a bit buggy which is to be expected from a game in alpha but enjoyable nonetheless. Gets the player riled up on adrenaline when they encounter the monster and keeps it up with exciting brawls and skrimishes. Only thing that really bothered me was the monster AI if the player disconnected, beware of the AI medics."
,Recommended,273350,12756430,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,AngeloDavid,"Good Game. I would like if you could see your progression bar in menu screen. A few bugs like not jumping vary far as monsters. All in all its a good and well pollished for an alpha, I actually expected more bugs. Cant wait till it comes out."
,Recommended,273350,12756581,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Krombopulos Michael,The Alpha was amazing! Extend it please!
,Recommended,273350,12756830,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,S4nGe,I still recommended this game but one thing is YOU WILL GET BORED AFTER PLAYING IT FOR A FEW HOURS.I've got Kraken and Goliath. They are OP.
,Recommended,273350,12757010,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Balrzoz,"GOOD GAME!Evolve is a game where you have to play with a good teamwork as Hunters against monster and play smart as a monster to defeat 4 hunters. As Hunters have 4 player and only 1 monter, so you have to communicate in order to kill the monster that can be pros and cons as well.Worth the money? Hell yeah!At some point this game could be a competitive game."
,Recommended,273350,12743481,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Magic,-alpha review-well i can finish thsi review in one secentence-this game is awesome-the game was amazing i jsut loved it althought u do need to spend time learnign the basics of the game the game was amazingmaybe we could add charcter custominzation to the game ? xd idk lolive encountered no bug so farjust love it
,Recommended,273350,12745696,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Fun Police,"Incredibly fun. Each character class is actually useful and teamwork is vital, especially if the monster gets to Tier 2 or 3.The monsters start out weak but git gud pretty rapidly. The buffs from killing wildlife are pretty fun too. Kraken is pretty OP if you let him farm, his speed is insane and his lightning blasts hurt.Can't wait for the final release. Eight distinct hunters and two monster variants already, plus one of each more. Even without any additional content that's a lot of value."
76561198041012229,Not Recommended,273350,14516685,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Kecoey,"It is hard to review this game. If you look at the other reviews you will see that yes, this game has a lot of DLC that should come with the base game already. Especially for a $59.99 price tag.....That aside, this game is pretty fun.The game looks great and I haven't experienced much lag playing it.There seem to be some balance issues, but this is just my opinion and is likely flawed since I am still relatively new and inexperienced.______________________________________Overall, the game is fun to play, but is worth MAYBE $30.I would sugest waiting for it to drop in price/go on sale, but I don't know how many people will still be playing at that point.I am recommending it mostly just to counter all the negative reviews that are based only on the DLC issue. I agree that it is extremely awful and unnacceptable, but at least the game is fun to play.EDIT: The game sucks. I wouldn't play it if it were free-to-play."
76561197978153607,Recommended,273350,14423872,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Powered by *Nix,Great game real fun. That'd be nice to have a Linux version! But overall the game is great. The Gamemode evacuation is such a joy to play.I mean this is a game that we see there was effort to make it  a great game for me this objective is complete.There is those DLC that people are whinning about because you can buy this PC Monster Race bundle or the one with Season Pass or the Regular game and then you have skins you can buy. Still the new maps release are suppose to be free and those skins aren't necessary. I bought the season pass so in theory I should be fine to get those additionnal Monsters and Hunters.if you've got friends to play with this game is a buy!OS : Windows 8.1 for this gameCPU : FX-8350 OC @ 4.6GHzGPU : Asus R9 270X 2gbRAM : 16gb 1600MHzSetting very high - runs at 45-60 FPS
76561197964856696,Not Recommended,273350,12750690,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,engram,"OLD REVIEWBrilliant game, the only down side of it is the waiting time to join the server, if your PC runs on SLI configuration you need to disable it otherwise you wont be able to play it without the lags.NEW REVIEWUnfortunately I have changed my opinion about this game, and if I could I would request my money back.The Multiplayer mode is just so daft that is hard to understand what they were thinking of when creating this game. The amount of lags is just frustraiting , and no it;s not my PC. It looks that the Multiplayer mode is throwing you to any avaiable game without even checking the location, I have played with people from Brasil, and it was just impossible to play it without the lags. 5 times I was disconnecting from this game hoping that next time it will put me to another one, but no i was always joining the same game.I'm sorry to say that but the person working on the multiplayer mode was an idiot !"
76561197981249456,Recommended,273350,14507073,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Gegerbe,"Good game but expensive.Wait to buy it at reduced price (I think max 30€ for the game it-self.).Positive points:-Graphic are goods, even with a computer writen uncompatible with. (I wonder how it looks like with a gaming beast.)-Maps are well made for both teams, plenty way to hide and sneak, for the monster and sufficience high points of views for the hunters to look far away.-As monster, you should be able to overrun the hunters, in order to escape them, especialy the wraith.-AI is sufficient to level-up without geting bored. But I recommand to play against player-monster, they can make the whole game much more spicy.Listing of some little stuffs that are enoying to me (list to be upgraded for sure):-there is no reel dialogue box, meaning that if you missed a message you won't be able to read it afterward.-The fact that if you're downed twice, you won't be allowed to be downed at all, even after the redeploy. You simply die and die again. (Only med can pick you up so that doesn't happen)-The timer after quitting a party. It's maybe a good way to reduce rage quit, but if you leave a** h***s then you'll have to wait 1min before searching another party.-If you play evac', it could happen that you will be switched in an other party during the loading of the menu. Means that you had started the campagne for nothing.-The AI is programed to stalk the medic then the trapper. If you play so, prepare to die fast.-some mouse bugs: it could disapear in the menu, making it difficult to handle as keyboard can't be use for it. But mouse pointer can come back in game to anoye you.-HUD is good but if you got the map toggled, you won't have the team infos as usual but through the map. quite disturbing as the map is always north oriented.___________________________________________________________The main point is awesome. But some stuffs make me regret to preorder it.The DLC footage is simply a money maker like in all games nowadays (ok you’re not obliged to buy all, but still).The XP system is not so adapted to a game like this, that’s just another way to make people play longer to finally be able to play another character (luckily, even if you lose, you gain some XP). Most of people do not want to play monster and I am now one of those for the following reasons:I simply don’t manage the 3rd person view and the aiming system that comes with.I am certainly not the best player, but I manage to win some rounds as a monster, but the last game made me simply forget the idea to go back on PvP. I explain: After all the time playing with the hunters, I notice that I won’t be able to take all of them down cause of a bunny cloaking rabbit. No problem, I go for the relay, which can be downed even if the fantastic 4 comes to take down the few health I still have. That without counting the routine that makes it impossible if someone shoot at you… and so I lose a game with a relay downed at 10% and undestroyable.If I could give it back, I would.Up to now consider me as a monster rage quitter…"
76561198169984397,Not Recommended,273350,14699038,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Kachiga!,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄Evolve▄░░ ▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
76561198095901612,Not Recommended,273350,14483012,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Da Hoard of Gobbla,What are you doing here? Didn't you hear that this game died?
,Not Recommended,273350,14413620,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,"Sampapa ""Frog Fucker"" Spinach",I ate all of my friends. 10/10EDIT: Game sucks
76561198019905292,Recommended,273350,19796618,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,BlazinJesus,"Disclaimer: Reviewed as a single player game purchased on sale for 10 dollars (no dlc).I would recommend this game as a good pick up and play game. It has lots of custom match options. Several Game modes, Multiple characters with different loadouts for each class of hunter (some locked behind a pay wall but at least 3 per class are available).. As welll as quite few monsters to choose from. Odd thing though, If you want to play as the monsters 2 of them are locked behind a pay wall but all of them are selectable enemies when you play as the hunters. The battles are chaotic and intense. The game looks great and runs flawlessly maxed out. In conclusion, it's worth picking up on sale."
,Recommended,273350,19890225,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Aidan2509,"Quick ReviewPros:+Fun Game+Awesome Concepts and Ideas+Original+Astounding Gameplay+TurtleRock WANTS to hear the community's recommendations+Free Maps+Great Strategy Game; Requires TeamworkCons:-Pricing/Marketing-No Campaign or story mode (This is the BIGGEST reason that I'm giving this a negative review)-Bugs and minor balancing-Small community (not enough people to play competitively)Summing it up, I definitey recommend this game while on sale, the game would probably be my favorite, if only the marketing and campaign didn't turn me off so much. Otherwise, this game is my personal favorite of recent titles.Also, the community is pretty cool. :)"
,Recommended,273350,19832868,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Finnagin,The only complaint I have is that there aren't enough people playing it causeing the waiting for a game to be too long. I think it is a fantastic game all I need is a team of people I know so that we can start searching for a monster asap.
,Recommended,273350,19821212,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Yolo Swaggins,"I reccomend this game when it comes on sale. The sales are usually really great on this game as sometimes you could buy it for like 15 bucks.That being said the quality of the game it self is triple A worthy, even though people only complain about balance. It is a hard game to start of with and without propper communication its not gonna be alot of fun. So be willing to or communicatie trough the build in voice chat or trough skype with your friends cause its will be hard to pull of great plays on your own as a hunter.Alot of reviews also state that new characters are overpowered and what not but I still think that is not the case. Its more like with any new charater in any game, people dont know what he is really capeable of and what he can really do. As a result they overcompensate or undercompemsate the character. As time comes you see people get used to it and start countering it.Dont let the negativity of the reviews cloud your judgement because most of it is really just whining about little things."
,Recommended,273350,14431218,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Root,"One year one from my last review, and Turtle Rock have really made me a fan again. They've won back a lot of their reputation.Their support is consistent and they've begun even rolling out free content. For £60, this game is still too expensive, but with 66% off and the £8 version, you're getting effectively four characters for each role and a damn well-made game with excellent character design and banter, and a lot of fun.Definitely worth buying when on sale with a few buddies, hunt and stomp some xeno scum."
,Not Recommended,273350,15285131,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Mercyboss,"*plays beta*oh boy, this is fantastic and cool looking- i cannot wait to see where they're gonna go with this game.*buys game*alright, time to see what other cool things can be done in this cool co-op game-the beta was pretty much the whole game.even less glad i spent all of this money on it when i was aboard the hype train."
76561198042514719,Recommended,273350,20110521,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Lucksnipe,"A fun Game for the sale price of $14, it's obvious why on release people wernt happy with the $60 price as its only worth $20 at most considering your only going to play the single game mode hunt. If you have multiple friends to play with on a voice chat this game is amazing but not worth playing at all alone"
,Recommended,273350,24246167,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Emberblade,"I greatly enjoyed this game, even when it was in a dark place back when it launched.  I absolutely love this game for its characters and map design.  The characters are quirky and have fun abilities that mean every game will be slightly different.   The class system, which allows you to prioritize your favorite roles, is very well rounded, with one player in charge of one aspect of the hunt.  Moving around is great fun both as the monster and the hunters.  Jetpacking around feels good, and sneaking around as the monster until you can eventually grow strong enough to eat the hunters is rewarding and satisfying.  This game has plenty of flaws, but how can you argue with the low, low price of free.My disclaimer is that I didn't buy into the season passes or any of the extras, and I never progressed particularly far into character skins and achievements.  I guess I was just a casual Evolve player, but this game doesn't deserve the hate people seem to have toward it.  Was it awful and buggy when it came out?  Yes.  There were hackers and botters and the playerbase seemed deadset on destroying this unique game.  Has it improved?  Also yes.  For one, the servers don't lock up like they used to every time you tried to play.  The game is in a much better place then it ever was.  If you've never played this game before, now is the time to do it.  The founders have paid the price for this game, buying season passes and keys and god knows what else only to get jack for their money.  I won't lie, it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ that they were so shunted by the developers, having lost what they essentially prepaid for.  That being said, now that the dust and blood have settled, and the broken promises have been taken by the earliest backers like bullets from the proverbial smoking gun, this game is functional, andit's free!If you are a person who wants to play a fun game, and enjoy playing with others in team-based strategy, than this is the game for you."
,Recommended,273350,14434329,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Whiskey,FREE TO PLAY10/10
76561197995413496,Recommended,273350,24352562,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Messiah of Melons,"Hello everyone,As someone who really wants to see evolve succeed I feel like I need to write a review to convince people it's worth playing.Pros:Fun boss fight style fights both as the monster or againstSatisfying gameplayGreat gaem to play with friendsGreat community on forumsGood selection of characters (imo)Free with no real money microtransationsRotation of free characters weeklyGood lookingAsymmetric multiplayer (WE need more of them)Devs are promising constant updates with new maps and characters.Cons: (Devs are working on resolving these)Hard to learn due to lack of good tutorials and tipsCouple of matchmaking bugs that can make it frustratingNeeds a decent strenght pcFirst hour or 2 are going to be rough.Hunters require good teamwork (Can be hard as solo)Lack of gamemodes and maps (Though not as big an issue as you might think)Right now that we got that out of the way here is my raw opinion. I personally think they have nailed the gameplay this time around, after a little bit more balancing I think this game will be incredible. It's no secret that I love asymmetric multiplayer and I think this delivers well on that aspect.The devs have said they are trying to make the game better for new players I feel they are missing very important features for this. As of july 16th 2016 there are no good tutorials or hints on how to play hunters or monsters, So I would recomend reading the forums and youtube videos for guides (GrizzleMarine on youtube will be doing guides soon).As the game is right now, If you played the game before I think you should come back and try it again. They have fixed almost all of the problems with the original. If you are new, honestly you should try it but I would highly recomend looking up some hints and tips as hunters and monsters are this game has a rough learning curve for strategy."
76561198119163849,Recommended,273350,14653844,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,DonBlackFox,"Okay, this is a re-write of an old review made over a year ago.The game is f2p now, where it should have been to begin with. The developers took away some of the complexity of the game in favor for a faster and more combat oriented experience. Now, while I personally liked the whole ""Track the monster based on the carcases and prints left behind"" more than the new ""Use planet scanner to find the beast"" it isn't a bad decicion and it makes the games quicker and easier to pick up by new players.The learning curve can be a steep one but it's not impossible to play for new players.There are some bugs here and there but it's very scarce most of the time. Not only that but the developers are staying in contact with the players and dealing with any issues.There is a playerbase now. I admit this game is better with friends or people with mics as communication is key, but once in a while you get players that know what they're doing and nothing needs to be said.The game is free, just download it and play and judge for yourself. It's a fun experience and definitely owe it to yourself to give it a try."
,Recommended,273350,14517024,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Pochusaurus,"EDIT: They gave us 30,000 silver keys after a recent patch. We are also getting Adaptations for heroes Griffin, Parnell, Caira and Abe. Also there is a placement slot for a hero marked with question marks all over so we could be getting a free new hero.http://www.evolveupdates.com/stage2/#foundersGoing free to play was a good choice in my opinion. The price on it before was just too much to convince anyone to play it. My only regret, despite promises of new badges and more content for the ""founder pack"" is that 3000 silver keys doesn't feel much of a reward. Two season passes and all we get is a measley amount of keys, animated badges(like whut? I don't want that♥♥♥♥♥♥ and promised content in the future. ""Promised"" content that we might not even like or want. ""Promised"" content that might not even be much or equivalent to the original price of the game + the two season passes. They gave out 3000 silver keys as a starter for people who spent over $70. That says a lot and raises a ton of red flags.For those of you who didn't buy the game. Good for you guys. This game is well worth your time but not your money. I guess I should be content with 3000 keys and some exclusive animated badges. I mean, no one else is getting these badges right? So I guess we atleast get recognized for being ""Founders"""
,Not Recommended,273350,14429845,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Oldwreck,"Danke, dass ich auf den Hypetrain gesprungen bin, Preorder und Seasonpass gekauft. Hatte Spaß am Spiel, dann kam damals schon der Ingameshop und da war es ja nur eine Frage der Zeit, bis es auf F2P umgestellt wird. Schönen Dank auch, dass alle Freigespielten Sachen weg sind, massiv Content weggefallen ist(WTF kein Offlinemode mehr?)War das letzte mal, dass ich auf den Preorder Schmäh reinfalle.Ach ja und warum muß ich bitte den kompletten Client wieder laden? 40 Gig sind jetzt auch ned wenig... Scheizverein"
76561198062294466,Recommended,273350,24211490,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Yoohoo_Łagger,everything now free so that good I guess...
,Recommended,273350,23074950,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Snapdragon,"I didn't really like the game very much, but I did love the founder status. I feel like it was wrong to judge the game for it's sudden change."
,Recommended,273350,24187690,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,WhyAmIStillDead,"It's a good game....   One of my favorite... But there is one problem, I REALLY should've checked the computer requirements.... After spending $40 my computer can barely run it... Something I'm slightly upset about is that I paid $40, and now its F2P?!?!"
76561198104037046,Recommended,273350,18857383,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Styromite,"EVOLVE:Although I like this game very much, I would not recommend it.PROS:- enjoyable playtime;- minimal toxic players;- various amount of playstyles;- in-game voice chat;- variety of monsters and hunters, making almost every match different.CONS:- playtime is enjoyable because of other players;- some modes are no fun, yet you have to play them;- the ranking system is really, really bad;- to get the variety of monsters, you need to pay more;- can take up to 10 minutes to find a single game.So in general, Evolve was an amazing idea and opportunity for TRS, but I feel like they could have done a better job than this. The hunters are cool and unique and so are the monsters, but for the best experience you need to buy everything (as with every game). But the price is way to much for the content you get.My advice: If you have the money I would recommend it. If you seriously doubt about buying it or you don't have much money, don't buy it.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------EVOLVE STAGE 2:I have to admit that I was sceptical about this rework, because it could've went both ways. It could become a great game that will be played by a lot of people, but it could also end up completely dead because the community that already wasa playing Evolve felt backstabbed because it's free now.Since I enjoyed the game (as you've read above), I thought I would give it a shot. And man I am so happy I did that. Evolve Stage 2 is AMAZING! It kept all the good points from Evolve and the makers actually listened to her community. The changes they made are so good, that Evolve Stage 2 is a completely different sensation than Evolve. And it is a way better sensation.Let me explain why:In Evolve, you were very dependent on your team. No single hunter would last long when alone, even if not fighting the monster. Furthermore was trapper the only one that was able to dome the monster, which made it useless to look for it if you played anything else than trapper. This also meant that most games were lost when the trapper was not good. In Evolve Stage 2, everyone can dome the monster. Trapper has a global scanner which is visible for the whole team, which makes it way more tempting to go look for the monster in pairs. This results in finding the monster faster.Furthermore were monsters completely broken when Stage 3. Once they were Stage 3, it was game-over. In Evolve Stage 2 (let's call it ES2 from now on), I have the feeling that the monsters are less broken. Of course the monsters are still very powerful at Stage 3, but that's the whole point of evolving.Lastly do I think that it was a good move to make the game free to play, because it was extremely overpriced. Now that it's free, I think more people are going to play ES2. The community that already bought everything will still have an advantage, which makes up for the change in cost. I think that they justified that pretty good, because we could have already played it for a long time and we keep everything we bought and instantly unlock everything that will be new (if I understood it correctly).Long story short: Evolve was bad, but Evolve Stage 2 is GREAT! I recommend it for everybody. Even if you are highly doubting, I would still recommend it. Why? Because it's free, so it will ost nothing to try it out!Good job on the rework! I haven't played much yet, but I am sure I will play a lot more in the nearby future!"
,Recommended,273350,19846895,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Fropp,"Edit: this is now free to play and has a ton of nice changes so would definitely recommend it!This is one of my favourite games of 2015 but I still can't recommend it.On the plus side - the basic idea is very good as an asymmetrical 4v1 game that is full of tactics and teamwork. There is no better feeling in a multiplayer game than working well as a team of 4 to track down and kill a good monster player!The graphics and sound are first rate; and the content is fun to play with and well designed in theory - even if they still haven't worked out how to balance all the hunters and monsters without making it one-sided in some respect.But the negatives outweigh the positives:The whole game as a package, including the DLC, is too expensive (£49 as a bundle or £57 separately) for what is effectively a multiplayer only game.The bugs and general performance issues are too many for a game that has been out for over 10 months and in development for years beforehand.The player base is far too small for many different reasons. Only 400 to 800 PC players are online at any one time and unless you have a group of friends ready to play then you will likely find yourself matched with players of unequal skill or forced to play with people on the other side of the world (and therefore with a ping of 200+).Give it a go on a free weekend or buy it with a group of 4 friends when it is heavily discounted, but otherwise the game - sadly - doesn't compare with others available now or coming in 2016."
,Not Recommended,273350,14428908,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,iSmile02,"It's a great game, for sure, but it gets way too repetitive in a very short amount of time. Unless you're rich and you like doing the same things over and over, you shouldn't buy this. Not worth the massive amount of money.UPDATE:Apparently the game is free now. But also, apparently, people who paid for the original version don't get much in return and they lose their progress. Cool."
,Recommended,273350,24195317,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,GoldenBones,"I recommend this game as I find it fairly fun to play, even more so when friends are involved. The monsters can truly send fear into the hunters, with the right technique of course.However, I am what you would now call a ""Founder"". I did buy the game when it came out, spending the $80 CAD or so, plus how much ever on dlc later on. Of course, I was bummed out when Evolve died out, and became a game played by very few. What does 2K do to get it back in there? Make it free to play. When a friend of mine told me the news, I, like many other ""Founders""  expected a refund, either partial with a few bonuses or complete. What do we get? Well, we get a couple badges that nobody cares about, some cheap skins, some characters we may or may not have already unlocked, and some ""exclusive founder items"" that we are promised. I call this a load of crap. For the amount of money I have spent, I am very much disapointed with the outcome. Will I continue to play the game? Yes, considering I now have friends to play with. Will I roll over and spread for 2K? Absolutely not.Edit: Turns out even the dlc is free. All you gotta do is play the game and get keys to get them."
76561198065618373,Recommended,273350,24173655,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,God Of Cubone,"The game is great, i really hope that more people come to it now that it's free, i don't mind paying what i did for the game originally, the game itself is fantastic and theyr'e revamping it. I'm really excited to try it out again, thanks so much for everything!"
76561198057770049,Not Recommended,273350,21434222,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Ape With Funny Face,"I mean, yeah. The game's fun and all, but it has no one on it all anymore.Good luck finding a whole party...UPDATENow that it's f2p, I have more interest in it now than I did before.however I still say no to it because it won't launch for me.maybe it's a small issue I can fix on my own, but until then, I'm keeping uninstalled."
76561198042298053,Not Recommended,273350,14643298,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Evelo,"Wrote a lengthy review reccomending this game. Was a ton of fun when it launched. DLC drove people away. Luckily there isn't paid DLC, it is all unlocked through in game currency that is gathered progressively. It is fast as well can easily get 3 characters in about 4 hours. Hunters and Monsters cycle each week being free to play. While I do enjoy the game a lot it does have its down sides. At the moment grouping is nearly impossible with constant ""lobby is full"" or ""match not founds"" It did return to beta, so I understand a little, yet the match making before was so well done. Now I have trouble even playing with 1 friend online. I will definately come back to the game once I can play with my friends without spending 30 min in a queue and 10 in game."
,Recommended,273350,24173221,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Colin,"Pretty good, there is some bugs though. None of the bugs are game breaking, just can be a bit annoying but wont prevent you from playing differently. I am a founder of this game and I am very happy with all of the changes that the developers have made to their game."
,Recommended,273350,20913448,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,LOCODarude( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Past:With it's current price and everything it has to offer, no, hell no.What should be done, in order for this game to become playable again, is to become free to play, to give skin drop chances, more monsters and hunters, more maps, more game modes.Read this 2k Games. And Turtle Rock Studios. Save your game. Listen to this advise. Or else, just disappoint your fans more. Keep wanting money..Now:And it seems that Turtle Rock Studios herd their fans. Evolve Stage 2 brings Evolve to what it was actually supposed to be. Which makes me extremely happy. Now free to play, along with some changes like the addition of in-game currency Silver Keys which don't even require MICROTRANSACTIONS ( you can get 'em in-game) along with daily quests, improved optimization (last time I've played it, back in February, it was running poorly) a bit of improvement to the maps, monster and hunter balance and probably more content coming up, in my opinion this game is now totally worth playing. For best experience, get 4 more friends.For what it was before, it would've deserved a 4 out of 10. But now the score is a solid 8 out of 10. If more content will be added, this game will actually become one hella sweet free to play game. I totally recommend it."
,Recommended,273350,15046084,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,KGBeast,evolve stage 2 changed my mind
76561198006259526,Not Recommended,273350,21834165,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,demonsouls1993,founders are getting f**ked up the a$$ hard here i paid 100 f**ken bucks for this game and the stuff where getting like really do they even care about the people who paid for the game and still gave it a shoot longer then 1 day like most people no so thx alot for wasting my money and this so called founder junk bull
76561198062948314,Recommended,273350,24212616,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,sensual hats,"Very nice update! Now that its free to play wouldnt hurt to try for the first time or again if you bought the game before. Game is very balanced and all of the new stuff they added is great. Founders pack for the people who previously bought the game is also worth it. I really do recommend trying this game despite what you may have previously heard, since it is now a very very different version of the game."
76561198060525798,Recommended,273350,24214496,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Bust a Nuttall,"The game was rocky full retail game with some really stupid decisions made with regards to content, but now as a F2P it actually feels like good value and should definately be played because the game itself is great and well made."
76561198050853463,Recommended,273350,20645917,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,one shot cd,i am so happy for buying this game and so happy this game be come free to play now :)please stay on track now ! please spend more time for game shop and fixing game bugs ! please do rework on some abilities.please listen to people wishesif game lighter graphic more people can play iti hope this game became popular <3
76561198044477454,Recommended,273350,24215119,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Whiskers,I enjoyed the game when it was 60$.  i enjoy it now.   Great game and unique gameplay.  People actualy play it now!! give it a go its freeeeeeee
76561198068811859,Not Recommended,273350,12729610,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,DLC,"Very fun game with hours of gameplay just in the alpha alone. I loved my time with it during the Big Alpha event. I feel that it has some issues with console lag however. I have a strong computer and it would have framerate lag here or there, even with the settings turned down, v-sync off, etc.Gameplay is great, there are 5 different characters you can choose from (4 hunter classes and the monster, 1 unique class per game). You will find the right class that fits your playstyle after you try it. I thought I would like the medic but grew attached to the trapper and assault classes. The monster is insanely fun also so it's all up to preference.Update: Since launch, the priority system doesn't matter. You can have the monster set at the #5 priority and you'll end up having to play it for multiple games in a row. It really dissuades me from playing the game.Update2: Times change, the hype wore off, it is now F2P. They give free skins since I invested initially. Wonderful, still not enough incentive to return to this game."
,Not Recommended,273350,24217475,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,SCHWARTZY,"as a Founder, i never have been ♥♥♥♥ed so hard before. Hell even army doesnt bend me over that bad.you let the terrorists win."
76561198005962054,Recommended,273350,14771175,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Nivix(MystLynx),"TL;DR Try it! Fun and challenge guaranteed. If you won't like it just delete it and move along! You won't lose anything.I change my negative review to positive. I was a founder back in 2015. Evolve had many issues back then, most noticeable of all was overpriced base game + DLC-fest that separated player base. That was the reason for my negative review.Now, since Evolve become F2P I would recommend it to you. F2P-model is not a typical F2P-model from other games, no! NO MICRO-TRANSACTIONS! You can buy EVERYTHING by in-game currency which you can earn by playing matches and / or completing simple challenges like ""Win a game"" for example. Once you finish a challenge, you'll get another one after 30 MINUTES COOLDOWN!Easy learn, hard to master - that's how you can characterize Evolve. Dynamic asymmetrical FPS involving team play, strategy and personal skill. If you have friend or two, go as team of hunters and try to hunt down the Monster controlled by real person. Such hard boss-fights you won't find even in Dark Souls.If you're more a solo player, go as the Monster. You will have to run and hide at first, because the Monster is weak at stage 1, but once you evolve to second stage, you can give hunters hell! And at stage 3 you are a god!.. But remember, the Monster isn't an immortal and even a god can be killed..."
,Recommended,273350,14426122,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Ruga,"Well, they finally did it. Evolve has gone free to play. All DLC has become purchase-able with in-game currency, and honestly, it's a treat to do. It's a triple A game taking the asymmetrical multiplayer genre to what must be its near pinnacle. The game has its problems (playing as the hunters, everyone needs to be proficient at acting not only as a group, but independently to win against even new monsters) but I don't think that should stop people from giving this game a try.What do you have to lose, after all?"
,Not Recommended,273350,18175031,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Luxuria,"Updated review:With the new update they took away all the hard working elite skins and achievments from people who played. For people who played, they got nothing.But the worst thing is that they took away all the maps and player modes. The machmacking is exteamly buggy and it gets repetative pretty fast.A lot of hunters got nerfed, the new monster is not balanced... They went terribly wrong with this stage two. Going free to play is no excuse.Old Review:Playing with a friend or two, take down the monster - trust me it's amazing!You are alone? Jump as a monster and prove you dont' need a babysitting friend to win the game."
,Recommended,273350,24191522,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,[DHG] Messorem,"I hope the game gets more players now, I stopped playing because I rarely ever found any games but now it's free to play so lets see how many people play now since this is a good game."
76561198167947031,Recommended,273350,26335340,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Spicybarbecue,"ok so fisrt off I don't normally write reviews so apologies for grammer and spelling errors and also this is probably going to be a bit incoherant as it will mostl likely be a heart on sleeve kind of review. so stap yourselves in..You as a player can choose to play as a monster(essentially a boss) and fight against 4 hunters who all have individual roles in taking you down.support who supports the team, medic who heals the team,assault who does the majority of the damage and trapper who lays down the cc.this leads to a very exciting and interesting battle of wits between the hunters and the monster which is something you won't find in any other game.a special note has to be given to the development team for the graphical quality and the sounds in the game which are on point.evolve, quite simply is one of the greatest gaming experiences that I have ever had the privilage of in my entire life.hopefuly the community will keep it alive until such a time as the servers go down as I wish to continue my adventures on the planet sheer for as long as possible.unless of course we happen to save the game  #saveevolve <3"
,Recommended,273350,26351044,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Plastic Thunder,Tip of the hat to the game devs and all the players.It pains to say goodbye to this game. It was worth every penny.
,Not Recommended,273350,17456256,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Shung,"R.I.P Evolve,  ♥♥♥♥ you 2K for wasting my 99.99$"
,Recommended,273350,21436949,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,NickSlayerOfGnar,RIP
76561198005460050,Not Recommended,273350,24761696,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Candlejack,"The game was in the before (beta) a mess, it was during the time as buyable game a mess and it is still a mess.The balancing is still not great, some monsters are simply brokenly overpowered, either because it is a certain monster or the team hasn't the right tools (Hunters) to deal with it.And i'm a ""Founder"", i frikkn Founder! All my unlocks gone, now i have to deal with a new perk system and have golden skins for the monsters, yay me. Why golden skins? So the monsters can extra shine in cover. Brilliant. I rather want the Bone skins than the stupid golden skins.Some Hunters do even seem to be underpowered, after all the updates and class changes. Synergie doesn't really exist between the Hunters, what hurts the teamplay in the game. A monster needs only itself, the team needs everyone, which causes imbalance.So much for the game, now we come to the bugs and other problems.Yeah, i know, it is beta. But it was released earlier as Evolve, as a ""FULLY FUNCTIONAL"" game. Connection issues are making the wait times a pain in the butt, it gets more ridiculous when you have a full team and suddenly you loose the whole team and start searching from the beginning. That problem should have been eradicated already.As if the connection issues aren't enough, your hunters are fighting with bugs too! There is Maggie, a hunter with her very own tracking Pet. Maggie dies and drops with the others back on the map. But no Pet, so Maggie have no monstertracking Skill besides the Scanner, which reduces the Effectiveness of the Tracker to 50% of tracking and finding the Monster, great.All that and more to deal with. Add in the fact for solo players to get together and forming a ""Team"" to hunt and the chaos is perfect. It really is that bad.I played as a Monster, Behemoth, i almost killed all the Hunters on Stage 1, Stage 1! The very first stage! And Behemoth is one of the managable Monsters as it doesn't jump or even fly, just rolling around. The Hunters had no coordination or Synergy. As i turned Stage 2, i rolled straight into the Hunters and killed them off. So damn easy was it.And here i was, giving the game a second chance. But nope, it shows all its uglyness in the most glorious way. Adding insulting Players in open games and i'm done with it, forever."
76561198161749697,Recommended,273350,24451114,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,♥Kingie♥,"(Before I start this review I am a player that bought this game before it went free which means I did get a lot of free stuff in the free version so I might be a little biased but I'll try to be as objective as possible and open minded when writing this review) So I've seen a few bad reviews on this game, a lot of their points mainly come down to them hating the perk system and the So called ""balanced"" issues with the game. I'll start with the perk system here is a quote from a older review "" For example if theres to many hackers people move to a game where there isnt hackers. So why? would you add a unfair advantage aka perk?"" Comparing perks to cheating in my opinion is an awful way to look at it. For starters everyone in the game can get these perks for just playing the game and leveling some of your characters and before you even play the game itself you get a bunch of perks for free. Perks are awesome for changing your play style in the game. The way the perk system works is their are three tiers of perks you've got your bronze tier, silver tier and your gold tier the higher the tier the better the perk you can have up to three perks on in a game one bronze , one silver and one Gold again at the start of the game everyone gets a handful of these perks Bronze-Gold like I said before perks are great for changing your playstyle for example let's say I'm playing the monster Kraken. Kraken is known for being the mage monster of the game which means he focuses mostly on his skills not his autos so a build I'd run on him would be first perk would be a defenseive perk since mages don't have a lot of health then the second perk I'd run a skill cooldown reduction and the the 3rd one I'll run another cooldown reduction skill. That's just one example of many builds I could use on the Kraken different perks will change the way you play to suit what you like. Now for the balance issues some people think the monster is really strong and others say the hunters are really strong it's really mixed. So it's really hard to balace Evolve mainly because as a monster player you're only one person thus you don't need to rely on other people but you see as the hunters you do need to rely on your teammates ALOT. So if you're a person that doesn't like to be a team player then the hunter role isn't for you be a monster player. Personally for me I think monsters and hunters are fairly close to each other if you have a hunter team that works together and has mics it's really fun but I will admit if you have one player that doesn't know what's going on it can be a drag but that doesn't mean that the monster is OP by any means. So if you're a hunter I'd highly recommand getting your friends to play with you so you can get that team work down and kill some monsters. (I'm not by any means a good reviewer this just just me throwing my 2cents around)"
,Recommended,273350,15094598,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,JayDee,"TL;DR: Even though people who bought the game when it cost money won't getting their cash back even though it's now F2P, I'd say that it's still worth revisiting at the very least. And if you've never tried Evolve before and you happen to be curious, go ahead and install it. You won't have to sign up for anything beyond your Steam account, so you have nothing to lose by trying it out. Also, there is currently no business model implemented, so nobody is earning any IRL money from this game, at least as far as I know.Cons:-This game had what many believe to be one of the worst launches in video game history, with absurdly expensive cosmetics, overpriced DLC and TWO SEASON PASSES. EVEN IF YOU PURCHASED BOTH OF THEM, YOU WOULDN'T GET ALL THE GAME'S DLC. I bring this up because the game is suddenly Free-to-Play, and I haven't been given an opportunity to refund a cent of the roughly $100 I spent on this game. Instead, I was given an extra helping of Silver Keys, which is the game's new in-game currency. Doesn't quite compensate for the residual pain I feel in my butt from being screwed so hard.-All player progress from when Evolve was still a paid game has been completely wiped. While I don't exactly care a whole lot about this, I'm pretty darn sure there are plenty of people aggrivated by this.-Still a lot of balancing issues, even after over a year since it initially launched.-It is a competitive online multiplayer game with public servers. Thus, you are going to encounter horrible and mean people more often than not.Pros:-Game actually has a community again now that it's Free-to-Play.-I didn't have to sign up for anything when I initially bought it, I didn't have to sign up for anything when it went Free-to-Play (much unlike most other Free-to-Play games). I think it's pretty safe to assume you won't have to either. If that's the case, feel free to try it out for a while. If you like it, keep it. If you don't like it, uninstall it. Simple.-In the game's current state, there is literally no business plan in place (as far as I know). Nobody is making any real-world currency from this game. Definitely a step up from the absurdly bad business model it used to have. But I'm pretty sure that'll change at some point. I guess we will have to wait and see what happens.-Simplified hunter gameplay. I'm pretty sure many people would put this on their Cons, but I'm not exactly the type of person who hates on casual gamers. The hunter team used to only be as strong as the weakest link, and this made the game completely and totally unfun for casual players. While the game still certainly has a heavy emphasis on team play when playing as the hunters, the gameplay feels more polished and wholesome as a result, at least in my humble opinion.-A lot of fat has been trimmed from the $60 version. Like, a LOT. It used to have a bunch of different game modes and a multiplayer campaign, but the game modes felt like they were shoehorned in as a vain attempt to justify the $60 price tag, and the campaign was just... not good. It felt lazily assembled. Many people would probably fight tooth and nail with me about this. But I genuinely think it's in the game's best interest to reduce it to a single gamemode and tweak it like crazy before expanding further."
,Recommended,273350,20888408,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Gasper Puffs,"It was great when it launched and in Beta. Now, it's trash.EDIT* After the game went free to play, the turtle rock team overhauled it and made it fun again. The hunters and monsters seem balanced with maybe minor tweeks to monsters. Also, now everyone can play and get all the characters with in game currency. Win in my book."
,Recommended,273350,16769069,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Snippets,"EDIT: Game is now Free2Play. So I'm giving it a thumbs up now guess it deserves it now.Evolve is a great Multiplayer Battle arena for 5 players. Bursting with beautiful characters and awesome environment it makes a lot of fun playing. Nevertheless the Price for DLC's and the amount of available dlc's + the game price itself is just a rip off! The content put into this game isn't just worth the money you pay.NOTE: Evolve's game price got reduced from 49,99€ to 29,99€! That's at least something.I really enjoy playing it with friends and if you have some friends ready to play with you I highly recommend this game. But don't buy the dlc's. Don't support this scam.7,5/10 bc of dlc's."
76561198088811940,Recommended,273350,24670862,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,SΛΧSΟΛ,Good game!
,Recommended,273350,24501580,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,АполлоСтаред,"I've pre-purchased this game and now its a Free to play, well, what can I say about it?...The game was dying fast and I always liked this game. The changes I must say that I didn't like it very much, but at least has been very attractive for new player to joins so I can't complain. Evolve Stage 2 stills on beta so I hope that they really work hard on the game now that they have achieved a great number of player.Sooo... I say it's a fun game."
76561198082048155,Not Recommended,273350,24550705,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Randyraptor,"I'm happy they're taking care of the game and trying to improve it. I've played since it came out and seeing the fall was terrifying. Overall, I am disatisfied. The problem wasn't the gameplay-- the gameplay was GREAT. Every hunter had a specific role and everyone was important. The medic was supposed to heal, the support gave utility, the assault did most of the damage, and the trapper tracked the monster and provided CC when it was domed. It had a different feel to it. Some of the changes are nice. For example, if you had a bad medic, you wouldn't get healed outside of combat. You would beg for it and they would ignore you and you'd be stuck with however much health you had. Health regen was a nice addition. I don't particularly mind that everyone can dome, as a bad trapper could ruin the whole game if he didn't know how to dome (the dome used to be thrown so the trapper had to aim it-- not just press a button when the monster was near). Those are nice changes, more or less. The supports having shields instead of stealth now? Questionable. Bucket losing his UAV? Do not appreciate it. There's no stealth on either side anymore, as the planet scanner has replaced the need to put effort into finding the monster. You don't need to look for carcasses, destroyed plants, footprints, etc. anymore. It kind of ruins the fun. There isn't any thrill to hunting anymore... it's very limiting. Evolve lost a lot of individuality with these changes. If you didn't play the game before it was FTP, you don't know what you missed out on. I think a lot of the changes could've been nice, but most of them ended up mainstreaming the game into something we didn't originally want. All that being said, the problem was never the gameplay.. just everything being too expensive. In game currency is a great idea and I'm glad it's FTP now. There's just a lot of disappointment that the original fans will have to take time and get over."
,Recommended,273350,24468319,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Goth667,"I really wish they would fix the Protocol Error, in my case it seems it didn't like virtual audio cable and once I set the sound output to the boxes it works.Otherwise a good game just hard to debug and figure out why it crashes."
,Recommended,273350,24284312,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Marik,"Game got better with free to play, no pay to win.but there are still problems with going in as group...*edit* ok... update came, got my 27k silver-key, 10 minutes later they removed the update and now i´ve to download and reinstall the game... thats not BETA....thats ALPHA....so u go from upvote to downvote dear Evolve-Developer...*edit* fixed update at the same day, it works now... quick support...good new balance in update...still problem with joining as group.*edit*after they finaly fixed the problem with joining as group, it´s way more enjoyable to play this game."
76561197971954162,Not Recommended,273350,24583379,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,ShuRugal,"Evolve Stage 2, better titled ""Revenge of the Hunters""OMG, where to even start?Stealth gamplay options for the monster have been totally removed:-Match timer drastically shortened, defaults to hunter win-Hunters gain ""planetary scanner"" that tells them where the monster is every 30 secondsNo longer possible for the monster to evade a fight:-All hunters can throw the arena, no more killing the trapper to improve monster mobility-Mobile arena automatically centers on the monster, and can hit the monster from across the mapMonster can no longer control the pace of fight with targeted kills:-All hunters can almost instantly revive fallen hunters; everyone is now Lazarus-dropship respawn timer now starts with mission start, if monster doesn't kill all hunters in under 5 minutes, hunters are guaranteed to get at least one free roundFrom the original release, this game was balanced heavily in favour of the hunters:-Each hunter has multiple lives, in the worst-case scenario, the monster must make 12 kills to win.-Hunters have ridiculous damage-absorption abilities, somehow able to survive, repeatedly, being crushed under fists the size and weight of a small truck, bolts of energy that explode like blocks of C4, and massive bone-blades that cut through other megafauna with ease.-Hunter damage output is insane, relative to their size:  Even with the assault down, a hunter team can easily pour enough firepower out to finish even a stage-3 monster if it has less than 50% remaining health.With the new updates, the monster is forced to fight the hunters sooner, unable to flee or evade when wounded, and incapable of controlling the pace of the fight by being selective with kills.  This game is completely unenjoyable for someone who wants to play a cunning, vicious predator.  I felt cheated out of my money when I bought the game at launch and it turned out to be such trash, was legitimately cheated when my ""Includes all monsters"" season pass failed to include all monsters, and now the final insult: everyone gets for free that which i paid a premium for.The only reason to play as a monster anymore is for the ""BLARGH! SMASH!"" factor, and the only reason to play a hunter is to get an ego-stroking.  They wanted to remake the game to appeal to the masses, well, good job, I suppose it will be a right smash amongst beer-guzzling football fans."
76561198108232301,Recommended,273350,24575122,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,savage babies cause 9/11,Now that this game is free to play and has NO MICRO TRANSACTIONS this is a must play for all you poeple that love a good hunt.
76561198093111143,Recommended,273350,24516510,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,SNAKE,"I am a founder.I liked the game when it came out and also like the fact that it's gone free to play now.The changes they've made make the game more fun as you don't spend so much time running after the monster.It's true, some game modes are gone, but I think they are right to focus on one mode and make it really good.This is one of the most unique, original and fresh AAA games from last year. I recommend it to anyone because hey, it's free!"
76561198061923879,Recommended,273350,14484828,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Phantasmagoria,"UPD: Stage 2 now brings what this game was lacking. Yeah, now it is not hide and seek game, but skirmishes are much more interesting and balanced.OLD review:Okay, I was recommending this game with my first review, now I have to edit it because it isn't following the master gameplan that was working for it anymore.I want to start with reasoning why it has downgraded that much in my opinion. The community. The f*cking hypocritical hunters community that drove off most of the monster players by the forum tears and cries about how OP monsters are. Consecutive nerfs for the monsters, Kraken got nerfed so hard that he was floating at the least winrate out of all the monsters, the least winrate they have ever experienced – roughly 40% winrate. This is not okay. And this is only when this cancerous hunters community was happy. While themselves being obnoxious with their bugged chase comp Val + Sunny, when Val had her tranq shots denying movement speed perk and not being fixed for 2 f*cking months, like as it was normal, and Sunny not getting attention about how OP her jetpack boost is for the same period – is just f*cking ridiculous. That was the final drops that made me quit playing the game, with more that 1 000 hours spent already.How I see this, the playerbase is by default hunter-biased. Simply because the number of hunters players are quadrupled to the number of monsters players, just in order to get the game going. It is 4 vs 1 game. So this biased community was pushing the idea of nerfing the monsters to a point they put themselves into comfort zone, that led to a playerbase drop off. They are themselves to blame for making this game dead. And the developers that were following their nerf-cries at the forums, and making a perfect 51% winrate Kraken, as an example, a 40% winrate gimp. Now they have given him some of his powers back which immediately turned on the ""NERF KRAKEN"" threads switch. Then, Goliath is still a useless piece of sh*t that is owned by any competent team of premades. You have to choose between Kraken and Wraith to be able to do anything with the skilled teams.So, this game is completely dead for me after all this broken logics that the devs applied in order to keep those ret*rded biased hunters community in check playing the game, because this is better of two evils – following the community of players that 4 times larger in members than those, who are playing monsters. But this is a faulty approach for a game, where you want to balance both sides in order to keep it running. Obviously, the devs failed at this part."
,Recommended,273350,24729589,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Meat Vegetable,It's actually somewhat worth playing now
,Not Recommended,273350,21220463,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Pyromayniac,"Evolve is very fun in the early stages, when you're unlocking new characters and creatures. However, after a certain point, there are no objectives to the game, and the only way you can unlock new characters is by buying them. Games begin to become very repetitive, and along with severe balancing issues, the game becomes very boring and frustrating. If you're looking for a few hours of fun it's good, however if you are looking for a game that you can keep coming back to, don't get Evolve. 5/10EDIT: I was hoping Evolve was going to be new and improved upon its BIG relaunch. However I'm sad to say that the game is even worse than it was before. The only new thing that seems to have been added are a few character variants slightly changing abilities and cosmetics. The game is extremely one-sided, and if you want to win any games, play as the monster. It's near impossible to win a game as the hunter, hunter damage seems to have been nerfed while the already OP monsters have been buffed even further. Unless you have 20+ GB available on your hard drive for a game that you'll get a few hours (if that) out of, don't get this game."
76561197994450854,Recommended,273350,14845919,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,boost_addict,"Let me start off by saying, I had almost 100 hours into this game before it went f2p. I loved the game when it came out, but when the game started getting stale the devs got greedy. They started selling season passes (not one but two at $25 a piece) when the game already had minimal content. This pretty much killed the game for me as well as alot of other people.  So they basically were forced to make this game f2p or let it die. That being said im glad people are playing it again, its a fun and unique game, and now that its free its hard not to recommend."
,Not Recommended,273350,24223571,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,DarkLightAll1,"they took out so much and being a ""founder"" does not mean anything so enjoy my 60$ since i need to clear some space on my pc for some new games and evolve is the first to go bye bye ( until i get a better pc then i will try it again )you have 5 months tick tock"
76561198141057816,Recommended,273350,24190542,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Bruja Cthulhu,"i had a good soft spot with this game it has its epic moments.. now with stage 2 everyoine else can be a part of... big problem which ihope gets worked on... what happened to all the other modes and videos and ""capaign"" granted the campaign was well just a mix up of different matches but still.. why is it all gone? just hunt, arena, tutorial. left? hoping turtle rock works on this. i like the new upgrades and perks but seriously why did you take out content when evoove actually needed more of. I regretfully cannot recommend this as of this moment. sorry turtle rock..just keep on working on evolve.. there is a gem. but you havent quite nailed what made it great.NOW REVISED.. well found out there is an option for us founders to play our original fantastic Evolve. go to properties in betas!!!!!. may us as the founder bring back the real evolve game. it was really nice for them to explain more and try to bring back Evolve into the light once more :)"
,Recommended,273350,15303355,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,⚡Shockal⚡,"Everything is good except the price. The gameplay is nice, the graphics are detailed, but the price? eugh, too much. It makes me think to myself 2K is extremelly stupid because if their price was lower, more people would've bought the game = more money....Ah it's free now? Some hope as arrived!"
76561198031447497,Not Recommended,273350,16080318,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Sesshomaru,"Alright,  before I purchased this game I read some reviews to get an idea about the game's lags, services, cost and DLC. I had seen a LOT of reviews showing that there is hardly anyone playing this game, cost and the amount of DLC for the content you get. while I can see why that was a concern, I'll like to state that since I purchased it (with Discounts in Steam) I had not to wait at all, pretty much regular matching time and is really fun to play. If you are the type of person likes playing with other and fight a main enemy or vice versa  this is a neat game to get. to get better experiance you'll of course should get the DLC (specially if on sell) but is not a MUST have.^----------------------------------------------Old Review------------------------------------------------------------------------------^I Stopped playing this game a long time ago. matchmaking is a nightmare. waiting times were longer then 3-2 matches combines. also the game play is far from fair. I just logged in and played a match with this new patch out. I decided to do a ""Quick match"" test (When you pick Kraken and wait for the hunters to touch the groung)  to see if real improvements had been done. I massacre the hunters (which seems they did improve few things there, fater respawn it seemed). and won the game in no less then 3 mins.While victory is always sweet, this makes me feel that the game is still in need of adjustments. I will say, the matchmaking is a bit better."
76561198000063182,Not Recommended,273350,24221152,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,rick8591,I dont like the thought of having paid full price for the game and DLC and then to do away with the original now come on.All they did was to strip the game down and make the maps alot smaller and it is like they cripped the monsters because it is alot harder for they to even hurt the hunters. but oh well they are going to do what they want to anyway
76561198138800759,Not Recommended,273350,24221882,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Glaive,"I liked the old Evolve plenty. Adding these new perks, skins, customizations, KEYS, and that sexy animated Goliath animation were beautiful. What I'm not a fan of is literally everything done with the character's kits, hitboxes, some mechanics, and the health. I'll let other players find out what I mean."
,Not Recommended,273350,24221972,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,tutsuo  /  twitch.tv/tutsu0,"Over 300 hours - Game is unbalanced just like it used to be, the same reason people stoped playing this game before will be the same reason this new ""version"" fails.Dont bother until they fix the lobby;friends bug/mic bug/third-person bug and balancing issues.inb4 ""i play hunter and its totally balanced."" Dont listen to the trolls the monsters can kill you as soon as you spawn mainly Wraith and Goliath(If you know how to play monster its easy as hell to win) If you play a nooby monster its fun and seems pretty even, play against an experienced monster and its gg."
,Recommended,273350,17883785,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Made Man,"Okay, so, they listened! I have had this game uninstalled for a fair amount of time now, due to ""sheer"" disappointment, a seemingly broken game, and undeniably dead playerbase. However, this revitalizing of the game has served myself and thousands of other die-hard fans well.I missed this game and thought I'd never get to experience it again; but, now it is more accessible, customizable, and fun than ever!It's free... Literally and entirely free! You can unlock every and any thing by simply playing the game. Oh and it is at a reasonable pace with daily rewards to claim and acheive. Keep it up! The seasoned vets of this game were even taken care of fairly well enough.TLDR: YESSSSSSSSS!"
,Recommended,273350,24188600,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Paferllume,great game great graphics but i think that who bought the game before it become free to play needs to get more things but now finaly i can play moltyplayer
,Recommended,273350,23669674,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Howie.Matey,"2k, you did the right thing."
,Recommended,273350,24188795,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Shiktze,iz gud naw. Iis aproov
76561198120418096,Recommended,273350,24196701,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Killa Byte,"Great game, before it really wasn't worth the price, but now I can play with friends and I don't have to worry about DLC-mania. Try it, you'll like it.7.5/10"
,Not Recommended,273350,24173225,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Arcane Valiance,"""Second Chance"" First Impression:So I am a long time veteran of this game.  Well, a founder as I would be called now.  Back a few years when this game first out, I was one of the dedicated players of it.  I had a negative review of this originally, with the obvious complaints of the paid DLC havoc and balancing.  But enough about me.As of writing thisnewreview.  I haven't played this new updated Evolve.  I'm looking forward to this free to play version, which I hope will have the long sought balancing.  I will update this review with a second section upon playing a few games of Stage 2.  I have to download it right now.After Playing:Things have definitely been more balanced, Wraith might need a small debuff, besides that, I have no more quarrels with this game.  If later on, Kraken seems to become OP as hell;  I'll mention it.Updated Play, after later matches:As of now, I do not recommend this game.  Wraith and Gorgon are too overpowered for their Stage 2s.  Their abilities need some nerfing, or the hunters need some buffing.  Tired of 5 minute matches where the Monster runs, gets stage 2, and just kills the hunters.  If it were stage 3 it'd be different.  But this is where I quit until there's an update for these monsters."
,Not Recommended,273350,14847652,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Key Bookman,I really liked it from the start. My PC couldnt run it so i had to used other peoples but I really enjoyed it. F2p was a good idea but the fact that its screwed over people who bought the game is ♥♥♥♥ed. Also the scanning ability is crap.
76561197961554752,Recommended,273350,14421721,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,peeka,I purchased the whole game and now i get all the characters unlocked. I'm really glad they went f2p and not let the game die.
,Recommended,273350,24277805,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Latté,"The game has really improved a lot since release, and you can actually find matches again. I really think you should give it a chance if you haven't already."
76561198116099496,Recommended,273350,15001117,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Special Prawn,-
,Not Recommended,273350,24236778,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,[SignaL]Rilin,"Even free, the core game play still isnt goodNo variaty in game styles, nothing to look forward to in a map, no cool moments, it's just a grind in a game that should be funOn top of that they just do a poor job communicating what is going on, and how to playYou have to spend hours reading a wiki to learn what all the icons and graphics meanHuge team focus , which might be nice if you had a team, but even if you queue with 4 friends you can still be made the monster against your friends.  Also, the new style doming the monster has a huge popup removing the monsters ability to hide or sneakIt's a shame, Turtle Rock used to be good"
,Recommended,273350,24270277,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Armageddonrain,"Dammit Evolve, I Loved the game and it still is fun to me. However, I paid for the $100 pack (at a discount of course, but still) and I got thrown in with the rest, where it does not matter that I got characters or monsters and paid in game money because now they can be unlocked. ""Founders"" who spent a mass of money when compared to f2p only got the characters (which they owned previously) left with only two game modes and of course lose they're elite skins and old loved maps. This game is still fun do not get me wrong, but there are still problems with gameplay. For example, the tracker which destroys the sneaky feeling of a monster that players used to have and all strategy in that category.But, all in all it is still fun and I will continue to play it and I recommend it to newcomers. I just had a few problems with the game as is and hopefully they update the game to fix this and give the initial purchasers the game they deserve for spending triple A game money on a practical beta. May we pray that stage 3 gives us what we hope for."
76561198041956280,Not Recommended,273350,24245962,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Frequentkey,tier 3 goliath cant do any damage agianst new medic and support. ♥♥♥♥ this game
76561198039621871,Recommended,273350,24225999,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Ahn,"Formerly I'd written that the game had wiped my progress. This turns out to be inaccurate. I lost all of my badges - yes. However, it appears this was for the best. You earn them back quickly as they've implimented a new leveling system which is more fair to those playing. You're getting more reward out of this game than there was before and it is set up to encourage people to play together. Giving it a positive review as I see what they intended now. This has more of a sustained build model now. The former design favored those with a lot of $$ and wanting only a solo experience."
76561198097681923,Recommended,273350,24193125,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,ĐɍɨꝁŦøɍɌøø,ok so its better now but the AI is still somewhat impossible at first but once you get to a higher lvl it gets better
,Recommended,273350,21550445,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,'Captain Fantastic,Stage 2 is definitely taking the game back in the right direction. There are some matchmaking issues that are a little irritating but as a whole things are much better.
,Recommended,273350,24226191,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,VeckrO,"Update/Edit: The Dev's have given out 27,000 additional Silver Keys to founders, as well as adjusted several other things. It's a big step in the right direction, and the fact that they have acted so quickly on these Founders issues shows they are listening, and trying to set things right. So at this point, I would feel safe to recommend it, even if its still not 100% what I expected.OLD REVIEW_______________________________________________________This is going to be stellar for anyone who did not buy the game... but the people who ""founded"" this game, and used their hard earned money to support it have clearly been swindled... again.If they actually compensate the Founders accordingly, this would have been a good move through and through, but any previous progress has been wiped, specifically elite features, unique rewards gone, 3k coins given which buys a pack of bubble gum, it's a joke to anyone who bought this game.I can't recommend coming back right now for anyone who bought this. You will without a doubt be disapointed, unless you don't mind looking at this as something new, and forget about that 60$+ you flushed down the toilet."
76561198065695963,Not Recommended,273350,14609196,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Huntsgrove,"Orignal Launch Review :Repetitive game, awful grinding if in solo.If in co-op though, it's just to much fun !Awesome co-operation and massacre possibility !I absolutely recommend it if you got a few friends with who to play :D !50h in review :When the content in DLC is over 2 to 3 times bigger than the original game it should give you an idea of how little TurtleRock Studios cares about the community of this game, constant bugs and queue time of usually 20 to 30 minutes , absolutely dead game , not worth the buy"
76561197962076091,Not Recommended,273350,16708038,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,FrenziedRoach,"**EDIT - Yah know.... I just have zero interest to pick this game up anymore.  It has no staying power.  At least the bots were compitent if you want to give it a spin.  It's still a beautiful game to behold graphically((My only real complaint about this game is the pricing structure of the various packs - it's exploitive and feels somewhat like I'm getting content chopped up on purpose just to milk money out of me.  But then again, I'm used to Valve giving me everything for just about free, so my perspective may be biased.That being said - I really can't complain about the game itself.  The game is solid, as are the bots.  And added maps and game modes are free.  I always loved the Survivors vs Tank fights in Left 4 Dead, and this game is pretty much nothing but that.Do I recomend it?  Personally yes, but do your research as the thing does still feel a bit overpriced in my book.  Please do yourself a favor and watch it get streamed or a few vids (I personally recomend WillyQ's Twitch stream - his Behemoth gameplay is incredible).  You are also free to tune in to me if you are on my friends list, I have broadcasting on for my friends."
,Not Recommended,273350,14462292,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Hexy,"I still have a good time in this game and would recommend it apart from the DLC from the start of the game.Edit: Update 6/18/2016Would I recommend this game? Hell no its G A R B A G E. If you want to throw away money just buy this game or actually spend it on food, delicious food."
76561198003058426,Recommended,273350,19719044,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Xanders,Now when it is F2P can not not to recommend it.
76561198010024877,Not Recommended,273350,14539331,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,PeartOfNeils,Game is dead. Wasted a bunch of money. I will never trust this company any further.
,Recommended,273350,32912530,Posted: 27 June,all,Sponsor,nice
76561198150890616,Not Recommended,273350,29568668,Posted: 29 January,all,MYNAMEISJAY,i love this game and that comes from bottom of my hard its just to bad that the DVs are♥♥♥♥♥♥and no help came wen it was in need of help. rip Evolve. just typeing that makes me sad.
,Not Recommended,273350,18741943,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,EenGekkeFox,"A long time ago I left a review that had only praise for this game back when it was still (to the closest it can be) fair. Since then Turtle Rock proceded to add countless amounts of DLC, started a global trend for game companies of needing to buy several season passes (Fun fact: the second season pass was priced the same as the first and had a third of the content). Overall, the game has become completely Pay 2 Win, and I advise you abandon this game and leave it to rot, seriously, the more of your wallet you feed this game is the only way to increase your chances."
76561197979380288,Recommended,273350,20728944,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Ryan Soldier,"PvP co-op, the classical childhood game converted into a exciting and competitive run for surviving.Lots of maps, huge enough to feel lost on a hunting (it's up to you to become the hunter, or to run like prey)."
76561198071879195,Recommended,273350,33441660,Posted: 10 July,all,Haze,"Que ,que ,que ! ;) Nice game !"
76561198206215811,Not Recommended,273350,19295309,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,kermit,wait this is free nowI WANT MY MONEY BACK
,Recommended,273350,33598293,Posted: 16 July,all,WishingPole [FMC],i like it
,Recommended,273350,24801267,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,IceTalon77,Bought it when it came out and enjoyed it a lot but the fact that not a lot of people played it made it hard to find matches. Now that its F2P Its definitely worth playing. UPDATE: Servers have been taken down and that puts the final nail on the coffin. Thanks for $60 down the drain.
,Not Recommended,273350,16657893,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,darthhappy,went f2p for a weekend.... still didnt see any of the 80 friends who are usually always on even try it XDthe game is dead and isnt worth any buy money at this point....needs to be f2p forever and people buy the dlc which should be half the current price XD thier wepon skins are $3 more then cod..... their content dlc are also more expensive....
,Not Recommended,273350,14441446,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Daxitt,"Not worth the money. They now have less than 800 people online at a time. Amazing concept/idea, super boring."
,Not Recommended,273350,16277863,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,dom,4 months later and this is still not worth $70. Use that money to buy yourself a better game like Witcher 3 or GTA V...
,Recommended,273350,24306212,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,kitty,<3 fun game
76561198019333163,Recommended,273350,24218439,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,SeriousLogan,"the game is pretty fun. i had a big rant about the founder pack, but they just dropped an♥♥♥♥♥load of in game currency on the founders (or maybe it was just me because i wrote a bad review) and i was able to buy all the characters with it. despite the potential bribe, the fast paced style of evolve now works, the game is alot better now that the monster and the see eachother alot more and that the monster can actually defend itself at level 1"
,Recommended,273350,21446235,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Asbi Mushbash,good game
,Recommended,273350,24365314,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Senpai,lfg to play with
,Not Recommended,273350,14740178,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Best Friend,"http://steamcharts.com/app/273350#AllUpdate:  I originally told people not to play this because the playerbase was so small it was impossible to get a match... even though the game itself was very fun.Now that it's free I was excited to show my friends, but it's ruined.  The game has been heavily modified to remove most of the hunting aspects, which is what made the game unique.  Now it's just an uninspired arena shooter... you might as well play something else."
76561198094893323,Recommended,273350,24283717,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,♏Buzzillio♏,"you know its amazing that i paid $50 plus another $20 or so to play the game and have all the monsters...and now suddenly its all free. yeah, thats great. so is there any way i can get any of that back? no? whatever...i know it was my choice to make, but the fact that i work hard for my money, debating over buying the game for weeks before purchasing it...and now suddenly its just there for anyone to have. absolutely ridiculous.Edit:i'd like to apologize. the money was well spent and still is. i'm as addicted to this game as i was the first time i played it and i'm only more excited to know that i'll be one of the people who can access EVERYTHING. i'm glad that i bought it and i know it'll only get better. i always look forward to the next game and seeing how well i can do against the hunters."
,Recommended,273350,14429070,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Shoji Tabuchi,"This game is a blast to play, the monster is amazingly immersive i damn near roar out loud after ever victory. The hunters are all quite unique and offer great variation. There is a hunter for every playstyle.Free to play model seems fair, there are daily quests for the f2p currency and then there are periodic quests that will unlock perks, and those refresh every 3 hours or so. Hidden Challenges also grant extra currency, when you reach certain milestones.Hunters and monsters cost 5500 coins you will probablly get this in your first 2-3 hours playing, quite easily.As a ""founder"" i feel like they gave me more than enough, 30k coins, which equals around 4 heros or monters, and then you also have access to hunters that they released after launch, hunters that I never would have came close to purchasing. They also gave us a golden skin for all the monsters, they clearly have made a strong effort to thank those who purchased their video game, and have revived a game long dead.Free To Play is the best thing that has happened to this game.Game has balance issues, that the developers try to offest by adding timers to the detriment of the monster player's game experience, instead of creative changes to mechanics to aid the hunters.Fun game though."
,Recommended,273350,14437261,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Two-Faced Envy [OBN™],"Edit:Now that the game is free and is easier to get into, the game is more fun for the community. The store has been changed in a good way and you DONT have to pay for the new hunters and monsters! They are an unlock.I will have to agree with the masses. The game is all around fun, with competitive modes and great characters and abilities. The games solo and custom games are a blast if you and your friends want a game just by yourselves if you want to come up with strategies.BUTI will not recommend the game because 2K IS MILKING THE PUBLIC. THE DLC STRATEGY IS HORRID. You're overpaying for DLC that doesn't do much for you other than give you more Hunters and Monsters you have to UNLOCK. With the added BONUS of the SKINS, you're over paying for said skins. If you wanted to play this game without paying for DLC you would have to pay as said before $170. If 2K can remove and stray from these horrid marketing choices then I would RECOMMEND.2K You need to listen to the public. YOU HAVE A GREAT GAME, REALLY!!!!!! YOU ARE JUST USING HORRID MARKETING PRACTICES. IF YOU CAN CHANGE YOUR WAYS THEN PEOPLE WILL WARM UP. THIS IS WHY PEOPLE AREN'T BUYING THE GAME. IT COSTS TOO MUCH FOR THINGS THAT AREN'T REALLY IMPORTANT. BUT PEOPLE REALLY WANT TO PLAY AS.I feel bad having to give this a bad review, because the game is really good and fun to play, but their prices are horrid. I was really hoping that I could give this game a PERFECT review. But I guess not."
76561197972330140,Recommended,273350,17936313,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,HeavyMettle,"OLD REVIEW FOR PAY TO PLAY VERSION! SKIP DOWN TO READ UPDATED...OR NOT, I'M NOT YOUR BOSS:I want to like it, I want to like it so badly. The graphics are amazing, the gameplay is sharp and polished, the characters are well written, dialogued and unique. The whole style of the game is fun, albeit brief.The issues that retrain me from loving this game are few but massive. First of all is the obvious pay wall issues. How the hell do you release a game with multiple season passes? That sale method is under handed as it is and then they preface it with straight false advirtising. My next issue is the low player base mixed with limited game modes which means a lot of waiting for the less variety.The biggest issue, the one killing this game for me, is the errors. I had ZERO errors during free weekend and despite all the negative reviews and lack of players, I bought this game for $25 (I liked Torvald). Now that I own it, I have been kicked out of three games in a row and been locked in the loading screen forcing me to restart my computer. I had the entire game installed for free weekend so it was working perfectly fine before. My assumption, you don't know how to patch your game so that people with different DLCs (All DLCs were unlocked for the weekend) can play together and now I can't play the game I literally just bought because of it. On that note, Steam does not detect when you play with people in Evolve and it has no friends list system or recent player system on its own so if you get booted, you just have to que up again and be sad. If you do manage to get back into the same game, you lose all stats from before the drop.If they can fix the server stability issues and the bugs that have suddenly come about in spades after I purchase the game, I would still recommend it despite the flaws. I would say to get it on a sale, preferably 50% or more. The content in it is not worth full price. I am still playing and enjoying it, but the fun is really hurt when you get booted out of half of all your games.UPDATE for Stage 2 release: The game is primarily the exact same. You get matched a little quicker now, you have some new blood mixed in now that the game is free. The gameplay is streamlined though and matches are faster and way more combat focused than hunting focused. I understand the need to streamline some in order to appeal to younger crowds that want instant gratification but I will miss that methodical gameplay. The new one is fun too but definitely simpler.The grind is a bit heavy, odd that they are still pushing for money that hard when it is what ended this game's life short. Overall it isn't a badly implemented system, just more ""avoid grind by paying"" than I would like.My main issue now is that the new player base is a bit toxic. There is a lot more trash talk, a WHOLE LOT more leavers and a good amount of AFK players (works like Left for Dead AFK system). I just played 4 games in a row and I think only one game had less than 2 players leave or afk and that one had a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥complaining about his team after he got insta-gibbed.Hopefully this stuff irons out but I feel like the change in community (nice that there is a community at all) will actually result in chasing off new players who may have enjoyed it otherwise.My only issue with the game itself now is that they removed my personal favorite mode but I can actually queue up for a game in less than 5 minutes so...I'd still say overall nothing major has changed and while the newer community is not great there is no reason for me to continue saying it isn't worth a shot now that it is free.tl;dr most old problems are void now that it is f2p. New community is a little toxic and prone to leave mid game but it is free and you can actually queue up in an ok amount of time. It's free, give it a shot."
,Not Recommended,273350,24306734,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,SpoonerXx,"From what I've played so far, I can't really say the game has improved or if it's been degraded.It's as if the original vision of the game has been downgraded to provide a more casual experience, in other words; Chase wildlessly after the monster with little to no tactics.The days of stealth play are gone, perks are overpowered, the game just doesn't feel as refined as the original offering (and no, I wasn't ""rekt"" by a monster, I actually went on a 32 winning streak with the Elder kraken today).Do I recommend this game? Well, sure...it's free. But will you experience the original EVOLVE that so many of us founders enjoyed? No. It's worth a try, maybe you'll like this new approach, for me though, I'm not to sure just yet. I will update this review in the coming weeks!"
76561197970796120,Not Recommended,273350,24306902,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,monsterbaldy,"I loved this game in it's original incarnation, it was a really unique asymmetrical experience that provided great fun either coordinating a well thought out set of abilities with hunters or an exhilarating super stressful experience as the monster.Now it's F2P and that's great, player base is huge, but the gameplay changes kill this game for me. They basically removed the phase of the hunt where you hunt the monster by making dome so automatic and giving the trapper the new auto find ability. All the great moments this game used to have, like barely trapping the monster in the dome, support stealthing and running when losing to the monster, monster losing the hunters like a boss and backtracking to the other side of the map... they are just gone. The upside is they also eliminated the ability for a single scrub to tank your team and drastically cut down on match times, but what's left is just not compelling.I guess the hunt was my favorite part of the original evolve."
76561197993846778,Recommended,273350,14525233,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,CrankEye,The game is as it was suppose to be - a damn good F2P.  Bought the game at launch and had a good time with the first month.Its better now.  I look forward to them implementing more and seeing it develop under the model it was suppose to have launched under.
76561198030125287,Recommended,273350,24330040,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Jack,"Great game, but I wished the devlopersBUG TESTED"
,Not Recommended,273350,24337254,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Samir Al Hajib,"So i bought this game when it first came out. It was fun for a little bit but then i quit after i saw how many balancing issues there were.When my friend told me that evolve is free to play now and the people who first bought it get a ton of free stuff out of it i thought ""hey why dont i play it and see if i can get my $60 out if it""when i played this new version i was happy to see that they fixed the hunters being overpowered in most situations but they created a whole nother issue to where the monster is overpowered. I really feel like a monster, no matter what class should NOT be able to take down all four hunters in only the first stage. I played the wraith (Litteraly unstoppable) and was able to kill multiple teams without them getting past my armor on the first stage. I really dont recomend this game untill they fix these balancing issues.But if you dont mind getting destroyed in the first 3 minutes of the game the classes are interesting to play ( most of the healers arn't that good from what ive seen) and the characters are very different in playstyle. The game also visualy looks nice but not much has changed visualy from the release of the game."
76561198202186408,Recommended,273350,24318748,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Ternchpiro,ive had this game for 2 years payed 60$ for it and now im left with 30k coins or somthing and my favorite game mode taken out and my progress is taken out too although i feel they don't value the founders much the game is good and since it is free to play why wouldn't i recomend it!
,Recommended,273350,14663516,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,joescrufff,Stage 2 has Reignited the GAME! i am excited to get back into it and by the looks of the player counts we will again start to REALLY enjoy the game!Less game modes ( did any1 really play the extra ones?)Less maps (Who cares)MORE PLAYERS MORE FUN!
76561198067407124,Not Recommended,273350,17342433,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,SomeoneNamedBob,"So it turns out Turtlerock dosent really care about what their players say. so if you email them about a complaint they will give you a polotician answer and give you an absurd runaround asking more questions instead of providing answers , even after a lengthy 5 paragraph complaint on the drop ship timer compleatly F, U C K I N G up Laz even if you rivivfy them if you dont do it litterally as soon as a hunte goes down they get a strike. Even THough they are still incapped and not dead they get a strike Suck my wiggly C O C K 2k eat my  A S S"
76561198153865929,Recommended,273350,30882361,Posted: 1 April,all,one million meows,its good but im sad that devolopment has stoped
,Not Recommended,273350,14484032,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Mortem,"Edite: 2016-09-28: Well I they given me now like all characters for free.. 30 000 coins.. And a bunch of skins.. Thanks.. COnsider it's cause i was a founder.. Still i dont matter when the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥. Monster win 9/10 times cause Hunters are required to work togheter and make perfection.. They fail to find him cause trapper or fail to hold him.. They lose.. healer is to slow and is not there when you engage.. you lose.. Assault fails at putting out dmg.. Just one mistake from any hunter can cost the game.. While the monster.. Oww i stepped on some birds.. No big deal.. I stepped on that giant monster.. No big deal.. Nothing is a problem for him.. he's only risk is to be locked down in a dome at stage one with hardly any armor.. yet even then It's very easy to avoid the hunters.. Sure Im not saying it's impossible to win.. I won some times... Yet Thats when i got a 4 man team of friends all chatting and communicating.. That doesn't happen here.. And this is why this game fail... There is no option to run solo.. you can't fight the monster alone.:you can't survive the monster alone.. There is nothing you can do alone.. And Thats cause all the advantages are given to the monster..And that is why this game suck so bad.. And I hope It dies out.. I want my old founders money back.. But i wont get that.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Old Review:This is cancer on the gaming industry.. A good idea.. With bad performance... The game was boring, repedetiv and lacked any real competetiv feeling as you just ran around the map and lost with Randomers or won with friends..Now they are making it free to play.. And me that bought it with the pC monster master race ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t for like 70 + euro.. What do i get? nothing.. I get nothing for supporting this game back in the day...♥♥♥♥ the developers.. ♥♥♥♥ this turning in to free to play.. Just let them die.. Let this game die out.. Its not worth it to give this developer team any time.. They are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on the industry for turning all there eyes on DLC content in a 60 dollar game... And now they dont want there sinking ship to go down without a bit of more money.. Its so ♥♥♥♥ing pathetic and so obvious..Do not spend any time to this game.. Do not play this game... DO not give them any money or time..They thought that 50 diffrent recolored version of the same skin could be worth 100 bucks.. And they will just do it again.. ♥♥♥♥ this.. Im out.. REFUND REFUND!! WHERE IS MY ♥♥♥♥ING REFUND!!"
,Recommended,273350,25621223,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Beyond Spookiness,">be me>become monster>hunter team is clearly pro>beat them at stage 1 kracken>am called a n*****>okok but seriously, this is a pretty spicy free game."
76561198035663093,Not Recommended,273350,24240948,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Archaon the Neverchosen,"After the rerelease, a lot of things have changed. Many, for the worse. I'm talking game mechainics here. When you're the hunters the game is literally autopilot until you find the monster, not the actual hunt it used to be, where the monster could hide, juke and if you lost him it felt like it was your fault and not something to get angry about. Now because the hunters can know about every 30 seconds the direction the monster is in, say goodbye to stealth monster players! They also reduced the timer(pauses when in combat), so literally if you somehow evade the hunters all game you just lose to the timer and are forced too engage them no matter what stage you are in. As it is they made the game way too fast paced and it ruins one of the biggest points of the game.... actually HUNTING the monster.Other characters designs have suffered as a result of this change, as bucket the robot no longer can pop off his head to use as a UAV because the survivors always know the area the monster is in anyway, why limit him? Finally, the fact that the trapper NO LONGER TRAPS. Yup, you heard that right, they removed the trappers arena trap and gave it to everyone, but only made it usable if it is a guaranteed capture, literally removing any skill required to use it. Again, autopilot until you enter combat.I honestly can't give this a good review until they fix all these ♥♥♥♥ ups. Other than whats listed here it's a pretty damn fun game, but it's being ruined by bad design decisions."
,Recommended,273350,25872753,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Poly,"A game, that despite its issues - of which there are a few - still manages to be quite some fun. Definitely worth checking out, though as a warning, it isn't the most firendliest of games towards newer players. I would recommend sticking with Co-Op vs AI after completing the tutorials until you are at least comfortable with the movement mechanics.Devs are super responsive and are constantly expanding improving the game. I'm holding hope that in a few months this game will achieve the potential that lies just under the surface."
76561198162190944,Recommended,273350,25776359,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Wagon0Mortys,After the Evlove turned out to be a another game that no one played after a very short time it is nice to see that the devs are doing everything they can to save this game ssuch as making it free and making all the payed skin and characters bought with in game money. that does mean that the devs are making no money of the game so i do expect payed content soon and i can see why. the devs are making updates very fast and are obviously doing everything they can to make the game better than it was back then.
76561198106799192,Recommended,273350,24576568,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,King Louie,"A game of mouse and cat, that after enough cheese the mouse can eat the cat."
76561198084561877,Recommended,273350,30890736,Posted: 1 April,all,Brownie45801,♥♥♥♥♥game -5/10
76561198055643748,Recommended,273350,16752075,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,"Assius, God of Booty","Originally wrote a critical review when it was like 60$Now?Pretty alright. It's free, you should play it."
76561197970567854,Recommended,273350,24252929,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,inq,lots of stuff has been fixed an added so atm it is enjoyable
,Recommended,273350,24536290,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,cheese0wnz,"Great game if you want a bit of casual fun, I've always personally enjoyed the game and thanks to the new updates it's even better; no running simulator 2015 anymore. Give it a go, it's free."
76561198070620776,Not Recommended,273350,23412559,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Karma LOL,bought this game pretty much when it was first able to be bought and i regret it... didnt turn out to be the game i hoped
,Recommended,273350,14539200,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Warhawker,"I've put enough time into to say It's fun because it's a different style of competive online play. It's not worth what it costs however. If this game was half the price, I could recommend it to friends.If you have money to burn, try it out. It's a fun game don't get me wrong. For what it is, $60 is a bit much.Edit: And now it's free!Well that fixed that."
,Recommended,273350,24479303,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Flipwillo,"A beautiful game with lots of in depth customisation and unlocks, a great update to solve a dying game that was Evolve."
76561198148428689,Recommended,273350,24645626,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Benadryl CucumberRash,really spooky
,Recommended,273350,24752490,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Soma,"Okay. Um, lemme say that this will be offensive.OkayUm, playing hunter against wraith is like being the victim of suprise butt sex. It kinda feels nice with all the flashing colours,*WAIT WHAT? SEX DOESNT HAVE A RAINBOW IN IT?*Anyway, the general game is based around 5 players, 4 hunters and a monster, fighting in a map area, with the ultimate goal for the monster to either1. kill all the hunters in a time period or 2. evolve to level 3 and destroy the reactor thinige. And, just like marriage. its really repetiative.soif youre hunter, prepare to be yelled at for breaking the ""fen shuei"" of the group, and to ""git gud"". if youre monster, prepare for 12 year old idiots to yell at you and tell you how you should go kill yourself for using the OP♥♥♥♥♥wraith.I fall into the latter."
,Not Recommended,273350,17639380,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,JolyneCujoh,"Gets repetitive pretty quick, and the amount of DLC is ridiculous. Nonetheless, I payed 70 bucks for the game, only to learn now anybody can play. You'd think that if you payed 70 dollars, you could at least get the majority of the game. If I could get a refund, I would."
76561198141744210,Not Recommended,273350,14910475,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Gochesse,this game is trash. i bought it for 70$ when it first came out and now its f2p and all the people who bought the game in the first place are compensated by getting a very small amount of in game currency. absolute garbage just let this game die
76561198187522897,Not Recommended,273350,24707983,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Zyklon Bee,Spent about 80 bucks on this game when it first came out b4 they made it free. Now i don't have any problem with it being free but for me i cant even launch the game for some reason SO yeah. I'm not complaining about the gameplay or anything only 'bout bugs and this is irritating cus i DID spend a load of money on this just for it to not work. IT IS only in beta however so this might change. Had no problems with the old evolve so this problems specific to the new free version.
,Recommended,273350,25046925,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Caitamm,Would definitely recommend the game. Very well polished 4v1. Different hunters and monsters are all quite unique from one another.
76561197963252486,Recommended,273350,25057278,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,FluffyD,"Evolve's had it's downs, and a little up bump with the free to play. What i feel evolve is shifting into, is that game you just go to play when your fed up of your main game. There's quite a lot of people playing bot battles, where the monster is allways the bot. It's clever mind you, gets stuck occasionally but that's like a player might accepting defeat.I mostly join and hit random, (there's an xp bonus to it to.. shh)Then join 3 other's who are probably in the same worn out feeling, and looking for something fun to play.There's still monster play and ranked, (not looked ar ranked yet) find it difficult to find anyone that will actually talk in game's chat."
,Recommended,273350,14421115,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Justin J (PuNk),"devs made all the money grabbing, over priced, bs dlc free.... and the game free. only reason they did it was because no one played the game, everyone saw the greed and NO ONE was ever going to buy their future games. i think that is a good reason to change ones mind.the gameplay is very fun. play as 1 of 4 survivors, each with unique skill sets to help their team track down and kill the beastplay as a monster, each individual monster has it's own abilities to help outrun the survivors and eventually lay waste to them, or level up like a weiner and destroy the power relay like a bigger weiner...lots of different characters to play as in each class, thanks to the dlc being included free in the game.lots of different perks for both human and monsters that slightly help in a match.i didnt notice the other gamnetypes anymore? seems they were removed? perhaps new types will be implemented? idkthe game is moved back into beta so they can improve it more.CONS:---------------------------------------LOTS AND LOTS OF in-game cheaters. people using hacks left and right, normally it seems to be the people whom play as the monster mainly. i have had a fair share of games that i am certain were using some sort of hacks or other.a bit laggy at pointsbugs and glitches here and there now. a few people fell through ground and couldnt do anything, a monster stuck in place that couldnt move (perhaps lag on their internets side though)thats about it.yes i recommend this game now that it's free. before was just a money grab, hopefully this company learned their lesson and never pull that BS again!"
,Recommended,273350,25118748,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,AcTaviousBlack,"My own story and opinionI am a founder who bought this game pretty early on in its life. I honestly thoroughly enjoyed the game for what it was when it came out. But as more and more DLC came into light, I stopped playing. A lot of people stopped playing and if you tried to play multiplayer, you'd be playing with the same group of people over and over again. The amount of DLC killed the game, with it's season passes and PAYDAY 2 amount of useless weapon skins. Then everything changed when the developers released stage 2. It's free to play, silver keys have replaced microtransactions and are only earnable through playing. This is how it SHOULD have been when it started, at least in most peoples eyes. I am very happy to see a game I enjoyed come back to life and continue on breathing. But the best part about this new life for Evolve Stage 2, in my opinion would be the updates. The devs are giving their insight with almost every change they make in the update notes, giving us their view on why and what they are doing those changes. I haven't seen a developer do that in a long time if at all. I do recommend this game and most people do not have a reason to not try it out since it is now *free to play*."
76561198049590116,Recommended,273350,25098603,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,MrFreezer,It's alright.
76561198050456102,Recommended,273350,24978026,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Shpeeno,"it's free, little jimmy. no need to use your mommy's credit card."
76561198027250126,Recommended,273350,24927246,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Snailman32,"I bought the game before they made it free-to-play, and felt a bit cheated because there was never anybody in matchmaking (I could wait for half an hour and not get a single match). Now, there are tons of people online all the time, and it's great fun."
76561198054745313,Recommended,273350,24971767,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Juri,"Awesome game.If you are tired of First Person Shooters with different teams having identical weapons at their disposal - Evolve is for you.In so many FPS games the opposing teams have exactly the same tools at their disposal, the only difference is colour of the uniform. Its understandable, one obvious reason is - it would be really hard to balance the game otherwise.In Evolve a big♥♥♥♥♥godzilla is up against 4 hunters.Just try it out, its free and its awesome."
76561198053271151,Not Recommended,273350,12743589,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,PoohtheWinnie,I'll give it a thumbs up once I get my money back.
,Not Recommended,273350,30846305,Posted: 30 March,all,KhalTryze,"This game will never be as good as it once was. It is sadly a to-be-forgotten piece of history, now."
,Not Recommended,273350,14531137,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Agamemnon,"Stage 2... I don't know what to say, but I need to say that everytime I get back to the game, I get more disapointments. They need to hire a new team to try make changes to balance the game. They are unable to balance this game since the beggining.I back one more time to try Stage 2, they make a interesting thing with reworked hunters as a new hunter. Well, probably I will not play much because is nearly impossible to win as hunter now.They don't need a Stage 2, they need a Evolve 2, and please, if possible, avoid publishing by 2k.---- 2nd original review ---Just changed my vote to No because they not changed anything and don't gave any compensation for who bought the game at release. Selling expensive hunters and monsters, they keep lowering the retail price to try bring more players to the game. They havent learned anything about the big fail launch.---- 1st original review ---Just ignore the DLCs. The base game is a full enjoyable game.I know that everyone will ignore this fact, but actual DLCs are just cosmetic and the Season Pass is a joke, not a real Season Pass. I hope they will keep new hunters and monsters balanced, but I don't know if they will, 2k already lost some credibility and maybe will try to get more money from kids.The game by itself is really fun, I'm playing it co-op and vs players for days and still excited with the game.PROS:- The voice chat work well- We have a way to ping on map or environment to help guide the team to the objective- All current hunters are playable, good balance (have a optimal team composition for every mission/monster)- Graphics are really polished even on low quality- Good set of abilities, every hunter have 4 and you will use all in fight- Have some bugs that don't do the game unplayable or not enjoyable (that annoying cursor bug ingame, you can fix using Shift+Tab to show Steam menus)- The current monsters are totally different and have your own caracteristics- Good number of maps for a start (hope they add some more early, we need more)CONS:- Bad day one strategy DLCs- When you leave or get disconnected you will not get the Win or Loss count (some people do it to not get the Loss count)- Every mission on Evacuation mode have a animation not skippable and at start of a mission/hunt have a dialog and animation before jump, it's take to long :D- Low number of missions on Evacuation mode- Level 3 monsters are too strong, if you can't find him until level 3, they will stomp youWhat I wanna to change:- Monster not so weak at level 1 and not so strong at level 3- Rework of skins, changing the appearance of weapon and hunter, not just change the color of the weapon- Better balance between hunters, in specially tappers to not have a META (Daisy is mandatory on hunt mode)- Please, fix that cursor bug!- More diversity on wildlife- Live NPCs (humans) on some maps (working or trying to survive)- More missions on Evacuation mode (we have only 3 to choose, it start with a mandatory hunt mission, and finish with a defend mission)- More history and context, details of colony and fleetI hope with my bad english I can give some feedback about the game.My last advice is: Watch some live streams and videos to see how the game is going."
76561197982221433,Recommended,273350,14644945,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Echorion,"She's Dead Jim.Great game, totally free so take a last look at it before she is gone for good.Development has ceased entirely as of the end of October."
,Not Recommended,273350,24193719,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,meteogold,"I payed for the game 150€ and now it has gone free to play, most shameless game ever."
,Recommended,273350,27305203,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Doc_H,Just a great Game!
76561197998709171,Recommended,273350,21408221,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,RuskyBlyat,Very nice game! BUT its matchmaking SUCKS balls! Either you have to wait 30 minutes until you can play a match or you loose the connection to the host.Dear Producers: Fix the ♥♥♥♥ing matchmaking OR make this game cheaper! there are only 250 players online playing this match thats so sad.This game has so much potential and i was even willing to pay for the dlcs to support the producers but they should do sth to make more people playing this game.
76561197960505093,Recommended,273350,27321569,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Teknootje,"If you like a pure co-op game, where teamplay is really neccessary. Evolve is the game to go."
76561198122620989,Recommended,273350,27358785,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DragonHeart145,"Bought this back when you had to buy it. I'm glad that it's at where it is now, and happy they compensated me for the fact that i was willing to spend my money on this game before they fixed all thew flaws."
76561198098145441,Recommended,273350,27360170,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DooPDestroyer,The game has improved somewhat from the abomination it was during its release. They are moving in the right direction.
,Recommended,273350,26981636,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dave,♥♥♥♥♥gamef2pnot bad
,Not Recommended,273350,27017939,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[WC] a corpse,"It was a fun game that was released with DLC, and then when no one wanted to pay to pay it was made free to play. Of course by then no one wanted to play anymore.I would only suggest playing this game if you had 3-4 friends who wanted to play it all together."
,Not Recommended,273350,27050376,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SaviorSelf,"Meh, they tried...they failed."
,Not Recommended,273350,14490014,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,W0KE,RIP DEAD GAME. THANK YOU TURTLE ROCK FOR BAILING ON US.
76561198143242930,Recommended,273350,26572526,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,FwackJaggles,"I am really glad they fixed this game. It had so much potential but it was not welcomed well. Now with this updated version, I feel like this game can only grow. Lets hope more people play this game."
76561197994024285,Not Recommended,273350,14424494,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Wraithbored,"All the fun of this game is sadly negated by the high price of this title. You want more players? then make it cheaper or offer A LOT more content.Add on: Oh Evolve stage 2...they removed the best game mode, added tonnes of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cosmetics, this game had potential and now it's even worse than before, and then turtle rock drops the title saying whoopsy we can't fix it? What a bunch of hacks. Honestly people who bought this should be getting at least partial refunds. But no they had to grab the money and literally run...Things they COULD have added (off the top of my head):1.) A single player or coop campaign in which players explore Shear and discover the source of the monsters, and where we'd learn about the back stories of the characters, instead of mere snippets we get before airdropping down.2.) Monster Brawl, basically monster vs. monster match where players could fight to determine which monster is the most badass."
,Recommended,273350,26703422,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,beast902,why the hell would you turn this into a free to play ? and then leave it in beta ? the way it was going starting out was really good. fine you lost a future buyer
,Recommended,273350,28740394,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Touhou Fanatic,"Loved this game, unfortunate it just never got a playerbase.."
76561198213552905,Recommended,273350,29704752,Posted: 4 February,all,Royal03Boy,"After some time it did start to work...Now it is kind of slow as in the joing a game since you could just me sitting there for 30 mins and waiting for people to Pick, BUT when in a group of friends it should start faster!"
,Not Recommended,273350,28560673,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Supreme Bo7ssin,Good game but it's lack of players and it may take alot of queue to play with people
,Not Recommended,273350,28712146,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Dick Big Hellcase.com,pls can zou give me mz 7.99 Euros back that i paid for that game i feel like a fool
76561197979236200,Not Recommended,273350,28930674,Posted: 1 January,all,Anus,♥♥♥♥♥ shiiiit. shiiiiit lvl 9000
76561198092441453,Not Recommended,273350,30046988,Posted: 19 February,all,~Bubbles-Titanbane~,"Dont even bother picking this game up anymore..Now that ""stage 2"" has started the entire game became cancer because devs had nothing better to doI feel bad for the people who bought this game before it became free to playThis game isnt even worth playing its just broken nowThe devs would make more money if they just reverted back to normal and just stoped production..."
76561198036610423,Not Recommended,273350,30084503,Posted: 21 February,all,WetFartz,I expected more!
76561198143181421,Recommended,273350,30015815,Posted: 18 February,all,SMurf,good game
76561198287164976,Not Recommended,273350,29987863,Posted: 17 February,all,tylerjackpeel,"my is in the beta,is everyone elses a beta?because it sucks!"
,Not Recommended,273350,29570028,Posted: 29 January,all,urnamed32 CSGetto.com,Can't even sign in lol.
76561198044541823,Not Recommended,273350,29567780,Posted: 29 January,all,L.,don't even bother infesting your pc with this waste of hard drive space.
76561198271933169,Recommended,273350,29560427,Posted: 29 January,all,free,"David Hasselhoff a god among men recomends this for playing with friends (if you have any unlike me). However, it's very buggy and sometimes the party is disbanded automatically when the game starts. But when you go into a game, its super fun."
76561198173412842,Not Recommended,273350,29562181,Posted: 29 January,all,S?S Taikamies5,fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥..
,Recommended,273350,29416068,Posted: 21 January,all,SkilarD,recmomended
,Recommended,273350,29412622,Posted: 21 January,all,Kangaroo,"There's nothing really wrong with it. If it was 30 dollars, sure, buy it. 15, pretty good deal. But its free! Niiiccceeee"
,Not Recommended,273350,29401417,Posted: 21 January,all,Sliver,The playerbase is as dead as i wish i was. Little to no players found.♥♥♥♥♥♥ DLC that doesnt look good. They want me to pay $14.99 for a single monster. Most of the $100 - $200 DLC isnt even on the season pass1/10
,Recommended,273350,29417265,Posted: 22 January,all,BANANA NETFLIX,Evolve the original:Pros:1.Huge map which was completely yours to play around (at least about 10x bigger)2.Extremely good players which learn the mechanics and learnt how to play before going onto a server3.Sense of achievement when uou achieved something4.Sense of predator/fear when your human or the monster5.All the players tried their best because they paid MONEY FOR THE GAMECons:1.The map was a little laggy (which was acceptable considering the map and the effects to render)Evolve Stage 2:Pros:1.More playersCons:1.the players don't take the game seriously meaning:they drop out of games leaving their teamates behind to deal with the monsterNote:(every single player plays a significant role if you lose a player you might as well lose a arm or leg from your body)2.Map size is significantly reduced3.The time and effort the founders took to build this game was transformed into ... coins?Although i did'nt play it that much but the others who played the original evolve took time and money to painstakingly improve the game and make it nice fixing the bugs and overrall the unsung heros of evolve alpha making it into the game that was evolve and although our gamer number was small we were enthusiastic about the game and we believed in it being made perfect and ..... our effort got ..... bunch of coins?still i would recommend this game if you really dedicate yourself into it just please don't ever leave the gameThanks!
76561198198044978,Not Recommended,273350,29421849,Posted: 22 January,all,EagleEye1987,"I like the game BUT cant play 75% of the time.  My buddies and I found this game and decided it would be fun to play.  We all went thru the tutorials and then the issus began.  We never have got to play this together yet. There is ALWAYS an issue with connecting to the stupid ""profile service"".  There is SO MUCH up front work just to get the game working and forums offer some ""solutions"" but still doesn't solve the problem.  ONLY GET THIS IF YOU LIKE PLAYING BY YOURSELF WITH DUMB A.I.  And pretty much don't mind losing bc of the A.I."
76561197991673771,Not Recommended,273350,29451553,Posted: 23 January,all,Skyscorcher5,"Since ""upgrading"" to stage 2 the only thing that's changed for me is that my accopmplishments made when i paid for Evolve are gone(including skins), I can't play matchmaking anymore (not even co-op) and every time i try to unlock something it stays ""purchasing"" forever until it fails because i have ""no internet connection""can i just go back to normal evolve?you know the one with more than 2 game modes."
,Not Recommended,273350,29408822,Posted: 21 January,all,redwolv.exe,"Horrible.Pros:gameplay seems fun, and nice for a multiplayer game where you can play solo.Cons:Just trying to get a match is horrible. It is hard to think this was a AAA title when their servers can not even launch a game with a full party of people."
,Recommended,273350,29409970,Posted: 21 January,all,†⌐£íƒë¦ìñk¬† ®,"Honestly, the game is playable- despite what ragers are saying. The game is better off than what it was before. Now the game is free, so there's no reason not to give it a go.If you play hunter, it's better with 3 other of your friends. If you're running solo, play monster.No more updates for the game, as the game is ""complete"". Moreso, 2K pulled Turtle Rock from the project entirely because of the lack of $$$."
,Recommended,273350,29406728,Posted: 21 January,all,Tha Master,kek nice
76561198076022444,Not Recommended,273350,30246263,Posted: 28 February,all,Sm3agal,"This game is an amazing game. I played the first one on a friend's Origin account and it was really fun and then when I saw it was free to play on Steam I decided to get it. Yes It only played 0.5 hours but after doing the tutorial twice and twice not being able to ""sign in"" i was dissapointed. it says i am signed in but when i want to access anything it asks me to sign in again but nothing happens after that.If they would fix that then I would play it."
76561198067765402,Not Recommended,273350,14425368,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,悲しい少年,"this game is amazing and the time that i got to play it during big alpha, the entire game was extremely laggy for me and every second i stopped and started walking and stopped and started walking etc. buuuuuuut it was the best game i ever played. i had so much fun and i enjoyed it very much. i wish i could buy it right now but i first ill need to buy a computer with a way bigger proccessor. SIKE DONT BUY IT ITS A PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥EVEN WITH A COMPUTER THAT CAN RUN ITS ♥♥♥♥♥♥ GAME MECHANICS"
76561198024482715,Not Recommended,273350,29105360,Posted: 7 January,all,Operation: Autistic Storm,Cant connect to 2k server to play online. broken game that died long ago
76561198259995927,Recommended,273350,29402582,Posted: 21 January,all,0o0Fiw0o0,ดีงามดีงาม
,Not Recommended,273350,29404675,Posted: 21 January,all,Runeragnarok.com,"♥♥♥♥♥iest companies ever making a game. Will never buy any of their games in the future. Idea for the game was awesome but the game has been abandoned and does not work anymore. It can't login properly and asks to reconnect 99999999 times . When it succeeds and you try to claim daily login reward, you need it to try connect 99999999 times again. Same thing goes for online play. Tried reinstalling without it working. All my other games don't have problems and everything is stable on my rig. Evolve uninstalled now.R.I.P. Evolve"
,Not Recommended,273350,29444877,Posted: 23 January,all,yarally3,"This game had so much potential, I played it for quite a while with some friends and the only complain we had were the long waiting times, but now I am pretty sure the makers dont give a flying♥♥♥♥♥♥anymore about this game. So ye... If you asked me if I would have recommended the game a year ago, Id have said yes, but now I must say it isnt worth it anymore and that is a shame."
76561198098598652,Not Recommended,273350,29490421,Posted: 25 January,all,SMuRF Chienboy Jack,I dont like it very bad to be honest couldnt even play a game and also couldnt play with my friends .Potato servers
,Not Recommended,273350,29499814,Posted: 26 January,all,EvilWolfGamer,"Don't even bother downloading this game now, constant connection errors (server side) makes you unable to play online or even get your daily reward."
,Not Recommended,273350,30125835,Posted: 23 February,all,♣ GouZhi,Honestly thought it would be good but not enough players. so can't get good games
,Recommended,273350,29895375,Posted: 13 February,all,Cluckity Cluck,rip
76561198124095278,Recommended,273350,29692859,Posted: 4 February,all,[LGG]tripleXdot,i can't press play only training can someone help me :/
,Not Recommended,273350,29681689,Posted: 3 February,all,Hyde,"Overall an actual fun game, if you can find and connect to a game that is."
,Recommended,273350,29706135,Posted: 4 February,all,firewire97i,THis game is awsome.
,Recommended,273350,29706411,Posted: 4 February,all,arkhamspartans,Its great. I have good connection.
76561198269737431,Recommended,273350,29676008,Posted: 3 February,all,OCEAN MAN,ffff
,Recommended,273350,29678940,Posted: 3 February,all,Ms.Gaplegun12,game stay lit
,Recommended,273350,29939059,Posted: 15 February,all,Dr. John Dorian™,"Great game. Loved it. Ghost town now, the devs gave up and tried to envigorate the game by giving 10x cash rewards a while back. It resulted in owning every character and wearing the game out even faster. Matchmaking takes forever. Shame for such a good game to go down in flames. Good game I'd highly recommend but the problem is the player base is so small that it's not even worth the install."
,Recommended,273350,29829446,Posted: 10 February,all,IPadTheNinja pvpro.com,"If i had to describe Evolve Stage 2 in one word, it would be ""AWESOME""."
,Not Recommended,273350,29814509,Posted: 9 February,all,<TAL> Myth,Dead Garbage
76561198174432942,Recommended,273350,29812681,Posted: 9 February,all,Hydraxxon,"Give it a try, if you are lucky you will find a few matches with good people in the beginning, and once you get ok you can have some good fun with the game"
,Recommended,273350,29803922,Posted: 9 February,all,Vover,"Though my PC doesn't handle the game so good I can say that the little I was able to play it was phenomenal, this game is extremely underrated."
76561198188314163,Not Recommended,273350,29646086,Posted: 2 February,all,-[FF]-KARJO,was a great game then about a weeks after last up date the game died no servers have players anymore you would be in the lobby for hours before a full game would even start full game meaning 5 players 4 hunters 1 monster
,Not Recommended,273350,29600946,Posted: 31 January,all,Gagner,"There was a point when I would have recommended this game. However, Turtle Rock Studio's contract expired with 2K that allowed them to develop this game. That being said the game no longer has a Dev team which leads to a multitude of issues that are continuously growing worse by the day.1) 1/3rd of my game time in the past few months has been attempting to sign into my account in order to play.2) Another 1/3rd of my game time the last few months has been attempting to log into the servers after connecting to my account. ""Attention: Server connection failed. Please check your network connection and configuration and try again.""3) The final third of my game time has been a mix of game play and being disconnected from the match right before the match begins. Alternatively, instead of being disconnected there's another error that can occur where the game can't find any servers to play on."
,Recommended,273350,29600601,Posted: 31 January,all,ezpzlamonesqz,"It's free now. I recommend installing and trying it, since it's no longer any expense to you!"
,Recommended,273350,29618004,Posted: 31 January,all,Fluffy&FuriousYT CSOffer.me,i really think this game is fun but the loading times and the tme it takes to get players to play with is unreal but overall with everything it is fun and i recomend this game to anyone who likes to take the time to hunt something.
,Not Recommended,273350,29612178,Posted: 31 January,all,Kalle Kamunen,Online servers are down
76561198161289191,Not Recommended,273350,29406385,Posted: 21 January,all,THUNDERQUEFF,"This cost me 80$ and i have nothing to show for it! i cant even log on, 2K GAMES ROBBED ME!"
76561198061473852,Not Recommended,273350,24206544,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Wundae,As much as I loved this game I can't recomend it anymore now that development has been pulled. With a slim to nothing chance that there will still be balance changes or bug fixes Evolve is basically finished.
76561198020831584,Not Recommended,273350,24259166,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,arc361,"after a few months the game as been thrown away by the devs and will no longer be receiving updates. The game at the very start of stage 2 looked very promising but the devs wanted a moba styled game but were not able to attract players due to there design choices. Skins were very very basic. Like league of legend skins at the very start of their release (more basic then those actually). very limited amount of maps which a game like this needs alot. Variations of characters instead of new characters.  chests that didnt give much... Pro players will argue that the game is perfectly fine the way it is but really they dont matter. New players matter and increasing the player base, You cannot expect a free to play game to make enough money for development with having a 200-1000 player base in which right now only people from USA can spend money on.They shoulda went the route of loadouts and completely overhaul the game. If chests gave weapon drops or monster loud outs then it would of felt rewarding to grind for chests, perhaps it takes to much work to do this but lets face it they needed to put alot more work into this game and asked the players what they wanted to see on the steam forums. A suggestion thread? you think there is one here?? Nope. over time I felt they were like the no mans sky devs ""making a great game in their vision"" might look nice to them a few others but the vast majority cant get into it."
,Not Recommended,273350,24163314,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ROR,i would be proud to be a founder if people actually played the game
,Not Recommended,273350,26468657,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Cyrus,"DEAD GAME! sadlyPosted: 7 Nov, 2016 @ 1:15amIs a good game, continues to evolve and despite the fact the everything that happened at the launch and that i bought in a promotion and now is free...i still have hope for like a  Evolve Stage 3 maybe?"
76561198034222087,Recommended,273350,30324652,Posted: 4 March,all,jmnoqrs,"I think evolve  has a lot of potential. The game would be more intellectually interesting if there was parkour mechanics when running for both the monster and hunters and ways for the hunters to interact with the monster by hand to hand combat for example cutting pieces of it off , limbs, tale,using knives ECT."
76561198065534670,Recommended,273350,31208529,Posted: 17 April,all,[VAV] Hen,I like it!
76561198022760686,Recommended,273350,30327568,Posted: 4 March,all,jomonkey27,i loved the game before stage two and i still love it i wish they didnt stop with its production
,Not Recommended,273350,14425823,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Frogs.,bad
76561198081051001,Not Recommended,273350,31892821,Posted: 21 May,all,Firestarter,"Considering this is an indeed unique game, it sads me that it died. Not to mention its price when it first came out and now it's free 2 play, removing the single player."
76561198061046481,Not Recommended,273350,20333360,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Minty NoseDildo,Give me my ♥♥♥♥ING MONEY BACK
,Recommended,273350,31556723,Posted: 5 May,all,Game Lore Archive,"I was really excited to play evolve and it was a flop. no one played it, the loading times were poor and the community was dead.Luckily it was revived with Stage 2, and it has thrived with the studios new vision for doing things.Working as a team is vital to hunt the monster, and as the monster you cannot just stomp around and expect to win. To win as the monster you need to play smart.I have a lot of love for this game, and hope its new community keeps on supporting the game.7/10"
,Not Recommended,273350,31504399,Posted: 2 May,all,{NeRv} Panda without dark circle,"Bought this because I heard it made by the same team whom made L4D1&2, and it let me down. Only few thousands player I see from the statistic data. Game are quite ok, control, graphic, but this is one co-op game, without player, it's dead. Recently it has became free to play, you might want to try it out."
,Recommended,273350,14413783,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,jizz tank,FROM 20 HOURS OF THE BETA TO A COUPLE HOURS TONIGHT I KNOW WITHOUT A DOUBT THAT THIS GAME IS AWESOME12/10CHEESEBURGER/VEGANWHITE/BLACKTHIS IS BY FAR THE BEST GAME TO COME OUT SO FAR IN 2015
76561198197699829,Recommended,273350,30369607,Posted: 7 March,all,Gigan The Gojira,"This is a bloody amazing game, great graphics, nice variety and every match is different.The player base has died down because of one stupid reason.... develop ment stopped on the game...Before Evolve went FTP there was less content, it costed $60 and over half the stuff was paid, oh and the stopped updating it.Then stage 2 came out, everything free, better gameplay, and more players it was a blast.what i dont understand is why people stopped playing, they did this before when the game wasnt as good and there was still more players than there is now (and back then you had to pay to play). the servers are still up.Gather a group of friendsand have a blast, and for new players, download the game, theres still a few players left and you can vs bots.comon people, lets make the game alive again!and for those wondering, YES i am a founder (got the game before FTP)"
76561198165626596,Not Recommended,273350,31900306,Posted: 22 May,all,My Mom,"before this stage 2 rubbish, evolve was a great game. Now with the money system and crap, esp with how♥♥♥♥♥♥♥connections are, this game has gone down the drain"
,Recommended,273350,14491934,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Universejk,"I have not liked and put my thumbs down on this gameHowever after a comback in 2 years, I have played again and nowI really enjoy playing this gameim just going to put my thumbs up againI recommand people to play this gameIt is hella fun and easy to learn(P.S, I personally think Kala is op)"
76561198071998509,Not Recommended,273350,24552137,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,JustRandomGuy,I payed over 50 euroz 4 dis♥♥♥♥♥♥...Want my money back T-T
76561198144079884,Recommended,273350,33781003,Posted: 25 July,all,meauw,its has great gameplay and is easy to understand and it is really fun  but its dead so play it
76561198041132905,Recommended,273350,24219158,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Cara_Mason,"That positive opinion is only for Evolve Legacy (edit 2017-07-27).Previous version, just evolve ""legacy"" (without stage 2) was better, but  f***ing greedy b*st*rds had to ruin a game. It wasn't perfect that is true, but now is even worse. All progress in character developing is gone. Abilities of characters have been changed what is affecting on your style/strategy of playing (e.g. abilities like invisibility for almost all characters have been removed). Is that legal to swap product without asking you about permission? It is like buying a car which is at some time to swap to other model by producer. If they wanted to release F2P game they could do this by releasing new product, not by changing existing one.Edit 2016-08-01:Good news, everyone! (how liked to say same famous professor), or at least for so-called Founders: You can return to old version of Evolve just by setting: game->properties->betas-> ""legacyevolve - The Orginal Evolve Product"". Thx for tip for user Tockroach. It is shame that TRS behave like a Microsoft by forcing people to install new version (like Windows 10). I'm going to check how many is left from my contents for this game."
76561198059774909,Recommended,273350,23937822,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Rakray,This is a really great free to play game and i do not regret buying it in the first place.
76561198174444286,Recommended,273350,34699341,Posted: 2 September,all,n311y134,Only thing i dislike about it is the solo AI for the other hunters. It just has them always follow your lead even if you aren't a lead type such as support or medic. Maybe one of the developers will address this eventually.
,Recommended,273350,17284453,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,THE PILGRIM,"Thanks for letting us keep the Legacy version of this game, while it was relevant, I really enjoyed this game.  It went down a rough road after release, never recovering, and ultimately that was a sad thing for me, I give it a good review because I will always remember when it was still awesome."
76561198117615311,Recommended,273350,34668389,Posted: 1 September,all,Glacyte,Amazing game. Hard to learn at first Hunter requires teamwork and coordination. Once you figure it out it's an amazing play. Best tip is don't give up because you're losing it takes time to get into.
,Not Recommended,273350,16485061,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,be1l1,"Update 2.0: Nope. It's dead.Update: The switch to f2p seems to work. The game has players again and looks much more pretty than before. I hope it will least a while. I must say, I enjoy playing again.Old Review: The game itself is not that bad. Sadly, there are no more players left to play with. I am searching for hours for a game with only one result: I have to play with bots. High five to those bots! At least they did not spend 60€ on that game..."
76561198170903222,Recommended,273350,18025430,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Lost Nights,ALL MONSTERS VS ALL HUNTERS GAME MODE
76561198141497096,Recommended,273350,18403820,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Ref4dave,THERES A THING ABOUT THIS GAME YOU SHOULD KNOW. The game is very entertaining to play and I recommend downloading only if your computer is capable of handling it. All the lagin issues and frezees come from the poor performance your computer can bearly handle as the game tells you the type of recommedation your computer should have to be in the best gaming experience. Other than that I highly advice to play this game.
76561198007230559,Not Recommended,273350,26689848,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,PolyGamer,"The game was fun, I got it when it was on sale and you still had to pay for it.Then the devs ♥♥♥♥ed up, made it a free-to-play, removed half of its content (steam achievements included), and updated the game for barely 4 months before quitting.I would have recommended this game last year, and wish the devs and editor left it as a paid game, but as it is now, I can only tell you to give it a try if you want, but don't waste money on their DLC."
