user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197968395460,Recommended,274230,16813992,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,JohnnyTheWolf,*** REVIEW IN PROGRESS ***Gunpoint with a greater emphasis on (turn-based) combatPROS:+ Decent replayability+ Each fight is a puzzle+ Challenging but fair difficulty+ Simple yet addictive gameplay+ Better readability than its inspiration+ Visually reminiscent of Genndy Tartakovsky's workCONS:- Only fifteen levels- No non-lethal takedown- Trial-and-error gameplay- Lacking story presentation- Inability to run during combat- Occasionally imprecise aim controls
,Recommended,274230,17387211,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Naoto,"Ronin is a very fun game but many people may have huge faults with the game.First of all there is really no story at all in the game, there is small bits but overall there is nothing to call a story. So instead of gunpoint where you know why you are going in and doing the this job, you just kill random people to get data to kill a boss character. Sadly we don't even know anything about our character...you can assume who she is in the picture but that is it. On a side note i want to know about the 2 guys other then the assume dad and the normal ninja guy in the picture, i want to know why we don't kill them.Gameplay it is very fun and enjoyable. Yes there is many bugs where you teleport around but it happened when i screwed up already, but i see how it could be a huge problem. Luckly there is checkpoints every 3 minutes so really the glitches are small ""aww i got to kill these 2 people again"" then doing a whole level again. I feel sad that the game is only 4 ish hours long, well 8 counting NG+ but overall a very short game.Music i really did enjoy and liked listening to, it fit the action of the scene and always nice to have some heartpumping action music while you slow down time and kill 5 people in a room. You can see this as a bad thing but to me the music was one of the best parts of the game in my mind.The last thing is NG+. Now i did find it interesting that they change one enemy's attack which made the game harder and the obvious more guys in a room. Weirdly i found the game easier in NG+....with all the abilities i had and how easier to get the abilities i just found it easier. The only time i had huge troubles was the final guy where i had to do a certain pattern to beat him, but overall i wished there was more put into NG+.Basically i had fun and found it enjoyable. I feel like gunpoint is better then this, but i had more heartpumping moments in this. If i have to give this a rating, i give it a 7.5, there is huge problems with glitchs and the fact no story makes you sometimes go ""why am i even killing this guy?"". Not the best game in the genre but a fun game to play"
76561197972326046,Not Recommended,274230,21853908,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,icepik,"This is a tough one for me. I really want to like this game, but, unfortunatley, I can't recommend it due to some poor design choices.The game has frustrated me numerous times with fiddly, imprecise controls, which is just unacceptable in a game that requires precision on the part of the player to pull off some of the more advanced combat puzzles. On top of that, several poorly placed checkpoints have resulted in me having to restart levels from the beginning, which is extremely frustrating when most of what this game involves is solving the combat puzzles through trial and error. It's a damn shame, as the game is actually a lot of fun when it's not seeking to stifle your enjoyment of it.There is still fun to be had here, and those that really think they can look past these points I've made should pick this up when it's on sale. For what it's worth, the soundtrack and aesthetics are on point, but these ultimately don't make up for the game's shortcomings in my eyes. It just makes me more frustrated with it, because this game could be so fantastic with a few patches from the developer."
,Not Recommended,274230,16034690,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Mitchfynde,"I loved Gunpoint and I love Mark of the Ninja, so you can probably guess how bad I wanted this game. After playing it in Early Access, I'd have to say that I am pretty disappointed for a few reasons.-the levels are painfully linear at times-some of the fights are based completely on memorization-I was under the impression that it was a stealth gameWith that being said, I did have a lot of fun playing this game. The problem is that the fun was outweighed by my frustration in the bad game design."
76561198004646918,Not Recommended,274230,16033250,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Darlock,"A nice example of how not to make puzzle-combat.After first few starting levels(approximately 5-10 minutes) overall fun and engaging game process turns into repetitive one-way to solve puzzles, in which you have to play a ""guess what's on my mind"" game with designers of levels.Stealth is non-existent - literally every other room is only accessible through one entrance, every other - through two (way to learn from Mark of The ninja).Most rooms are boringly easy. Others are painfully hard - they require perfect execution and a lot of luck.For example, main difficulty of second boss consists in a sheer amount of enemies in the boss room. I discovered only one single way to clear that room - a very specific way, which I had to add 40 minutes of repetition and memorization and random guessing. When I actually did it, there was no sense of accomplishment - only reason i accomplished it this time and didn't on other tries was luck. On this moment you might ask - what is luck in a game with no random numbers? Well, the problem is that lifeblood of this game is tiny, almost uncontrollable twitches of mouse that completely change course of almost every action. Taking the same action with just a bit of mouse twitch could turn it from best course of action to a total disaster.Due to this, I can't even imagine playing this game with controller.Amount of meaningful decisions you can actually make is really minor - action points for unknown reasons deteriorate every turn, and on most turns only thing you can actually do is run(jump) for your life. Overall, it just turns every fight that is not to easy to engage you into a long streak of endless jumps, during which you simply hope for a lucky moment when nobody will actually shoot at you.Soundtrack is great. Nothing else I can say about it.Art style is decent, although completely copied from mark of the ninja, with a little nice twist of taking-itself--less-serious.Overall, this game could(and, probably, still can) have a huge potential, but a set of mechanics and  level design promote only extreme caution and endless repetition, not creativity and proper choice-making. Unless something really serious is done to both those aspect of game I doubt it can be really enjoyable."
76561198043971634,Recommended,274230,16820269,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Eruedraith the Josh,"It's fun, but it gets a little bit too much at times. Controls can be very finicky, and your movement options often get restricted in weird ways (like not having a quick way of climbing over a ledge/corner). Your jump is also pretty off-and-on, although it's less life-damaging as the game auto-pauses for you to line up a jump.The game seems to be going for the Hotline Miami brand of repeated slaughter broken up by swift deaths, but the game's loadtimes tend to break that trance. They're not long, but definitely long enough to make the infinite deaths a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ It's comparable to a death in, say, Dark Souls, but the thing with a dark souls death is that your subsequent life is going to last longer than the thirty seconds it will in Ronin. As such, it gets swiftly tiresome, especially on very difficult sections.If you want to upgrade skills, you'll want to go for the perfect runs in each level: no alarms, all enemies dead, all civilians spared. It's basically required for the later levels, although one upgrade in particular makes one of the bosses a two-turn affair, so hopefully they fix that.The game's soundtrack is fun, nothing amazing, nothing horrible, and a few tracks are real stand-outs. They contribute to the game's tone, which is good, because there's no dialogue beyond a few loading screen monologues.It's a decent game for a ten dollar pricetag, and will probably last you around eight hours for a single run - perhaps double that for a full new game+ run. That said, I really didn't feel a desire to go on after I'd beaten the game. Still, didn't consider it a waste of time, and the game takes a prety cool approach to a binary ending - there are no red vs blue buttons, just a matter of skill and some pretty cool thematic mechanics."
,Not Recommended,274230,17126600,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,sirgreensock,"Incredibly disappointed in RONIN -- I very badly wanted to like this game.It tries to play like a mix of Gunpoint and Hotline Miami, a combination of precision movement and precise, brutal combat.Unfortunately both the combat and the movement are at best unresponsive and clumsy, and at worst buggy. The movement between real-time and turn-based is inconsistent (can't pull up ledges in turn-based? why?), the jumping arc is a suggestion at best, with many deaths being more the result of the jump not going where it claims it will than a miscalculation. Sometimes running into an enemy near a wall will make you clip through the wall, forcing you to restart the checkpointIf the combat abilities are consistent at all then the issue is that the rules are never explained -- sometimes you can use your abilities with enough points accumulated and sometimes you can't. Enemy sightline raycasts are only visible outside of combat (and even then only sometimes?), so sometimes an enemy halfway across the map will target you, sometimes they won't.All in all, the game would be fantastic for anyone who loved Gunpoint, Hotline Miami, or Mark of the Ninja, if it wasn't an unpolished mess. As-is, the difficulty of RONIN feels more like the product of bad design, rather than of player mistakes or imprecision like in the aformentioned games."
,Recommended,274230,32230395,Posted: 6 June,all,AndrewJackson'sRagingAlcoholism,"Absolutely addictive game play......if not a little frustrating at times.  The player relies heavily on the jump arc, but sometimes it will not work as it is supposed to.  It will plan a jump but then say you only jumped a foot instead of this long leap?  I understand that there is a tip in game that says ""the jump arc is a lie"", but c'mon.  Don't sell me that ""It's a feature, not a bug!"" line.  That is clearly the product of a flaw in the game's design, especially if the game does not overtly make a point of working the ""false jump arc"" into the game play.On that note, the controls are a great idea, but complete♥♥♥♥♥♥  If you stand next to a flight of stairs that you NEED TO GO UP THIS INSTANT, the prompt will pop up as ""A"".  But the second a civilian walks near, the prompt becomes ""B"" and -SURPRISE!- the kill civilian prompt becomes ""A"".  Similarly the game is not conducive for controller.  The thumbstick controls are not precise. You have to do a weird flick in the hopes of getting the hook JUUUUUST right.Also, what that ending sucked major♥♥♥♥♥  I was genuinely intrigued by the *potential* of the story.  But the creator never really capitalized on that.  Honestly, you have a narrative whose framing device is revenge (one of the most compelling character drives) and then you don't make more of it? Boo. Boo a thousand times over.  I'm going to hit recommend only if you get it on sale and you are between major time sinks like The Witcher and MGS V."
,Recommended,274230,20177304,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Burn,"A very stylish action-stealth game with a lot of personality with a very innovative turn based battle system that plays out as a puzzle. It seems very similar to Gunpoint, but the gameplay is very different, it's a fresh and greatly crafted idea. I will always admire game publishers who try something new and different! It feels short, but I couldn't believe how this game got me hooked for hours. Give it a try, you won't regret it!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=589664927http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=589675145Unlocked all achievements!"
,Recommended,274230,18890397,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Magnetto Man,"Ronin is a very cool game. I guess the great majority of people who dislike it do so because they expect a STEALTH game.BEWARE: is is NOT a STEALTH game!I strongly believe that the STEALTH tag should be removed , this is what makes so many people look to get what you won't in RONIN. Since in combat mode your moves are determined by an arc shaped trajectory , even a physics tag ( although its far from deep or real physics ) would be more suitable then STEALTH.With all this said , the game although short in my opinion is very fun if you like turn-based strategy. The mechanics are quick and easy to play , but that doesn't necessarily mean you will not have a lot of challenges to go through.Some people complain about it not having a deep history - I personally don't think it is an issue either. If you want something fun and short that you can start playing right away and enjoy , this is a great game for you."
,Not Recommended,274230,20395695,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,rodnoron,"I picked this up on deep discount after hearing Austin Walker talk it up quite a bit recently. This is shocking to me; not only because he likes it (which, still) but because he was also SO bullish about Invisible, Inc.If Invisible, Inc. is a masterclass in how to make a turn-based stealth combat game really WORK and provide the player with all the information they need to make informed choices (and it is!), this can be considered its antithesis. When in-combat tooltips mention that the projected jump arc -- your ONLY form of in-combat movement, and the only means by which you can avoid instant death to a single bullet -- is ""a lie"" then you know you're in for a rotten time. The number of deaths to randomly falling short of a projected landing point, stopping dead because you hit someone to knock them out (which usually lets you keep going???) or unexpectedly crossing over an enemy's line of fire are many and infuriating!The poor signposting and bad readability don't stop there, sadly. Your special abilities, gated by consuming Limit points, are usually OFF-limits, as you'll automatically burn your entire stock upon filling up, getting a free turn that's usually much less useful than a ranged instant kill, but too bad! It's never quite clear how near you need to be to kill enemies -- which is a problem when that is what the gameplay entirely consists of -- you're sometimes able to snatch flying enemies out of the air and sometimes not, sometimes teleport short distances through floors for a killing blow, sometimes not... and the ever-present problem of not knowing where you will be standing when you are DONE killing an enemy often as not leads to your heroine helpfully standing in the line of fire of a shot that would have missed, had you only known.There are a lot of other problems with polish, like the ""humorous"" tooltips that ""humorously"" mention they can't be disabled -- good one dude, glad you prioritized this over working jump arcs -- or the incredibly bad movement both in AND out of combat, the entirely nonfunctional ""stealth"" elements... just don't get this. Play Mark of the Ninja again, it's still a great game."
,Not Recommended,274230,16044283,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,NinjaDuckie,"Do me a favour. Go to the maker's website and download the demo:http://teedoubleu.itch.io/roninNot the 'demo', theprototypedemo. The 5MB prototype where your character contains less pixels than Guybrush Threepwood. Play that prototype demo.If you enjoyed it, play it a few more times and stop there.RONIN had the chance to be a good game, but it's so damn hard it's near impossible to enjoy. I might even go so far as to use the term 'broken'. There's lots of level texture variation but very little variation in gameplay - and it becomes a tedious slog to get through a single level. Let me go through a few bits and pieces in depth.Stealth.Stealth iscompletelymissing. You can either get through a room without being seen or you can't, and most of the time it's the latter, which is upsetting. You'll hope to see multiple entry points to a room like in Gunpoint, but as the 'hints' that appear ON EVERY TURN will tell you 50% of the time, ""This isn't Gunpoint."" There is usually only one way into a room, which requires you to run right into full view of all the enemies and limits your stealth to linear hallways.Movement.A novel way of playing, with the turn-based platforming combat.Or it would be, if you could move outside of jumping during the combat. You can't. You are restricted to jumping, no movement or crouching or anything like that. You also crouch after certain jumps seemingly at random, so you'll never know if the jump you're making will take you under the line of fire or not. I would (un)happily agree with other reviewers that the second boss is simply learning the directions to jump in for half an hour or more of tedious trial and error. This does not make a fun game.Sadly, it also suffers from clunkiness. Climbing is particularly bad. It tries to copy Mark of the Ninja and falls flat on its face.Combat.Your combat is basically jumping at people and then severing their arteries with a large sword. However, everyone but you has ranged weapons, and it becomes a refreshing form of combat in a way. However, jump-kicking people also affects your jump arc, which means you will almost certainly die because you accidentally kicked someone and passed directly into the line of fire. Another unfunny hint screen: ""The jump arc is a lie.""Oh, and good luck trying to hack a console or go through a doorway during combat, because the symbols for those actionsdo not appearuntil you have become 'hidden' (got out of everyone's sight lines) or killed everyone.Skill tree.Literally no reason to include this in this game, or to use 'Action Points' to allow you to use the skills. Tried the prototype demo? So yeah, you can totally just throw your sword at people (when airborne) from the beginning, and recall it to you from a distance. In the full game you have topurchasethe ability to throw your sword by spending a skill point (I'll get to this in a sec). But wait, there's more!To throw your sword in combat, you have to have at least three Action Points, which deteriorate by one a turn every time you don't do something ACTIONY, like kicking people, or actually using your sword (a rarity between all the bullet avoidance). You'll be jumping around so much just to avoid incoming fire that you won't earn any AP unless you get extremely lucky with enemy placement and reloading intervals. Once you get enough AP to use the ability (2AP) you think you'll jump into the air and get to use the ability. Wrong. You jumped and didn't do anything actiony, so you lose an AP and waste your expected sword-throwing moment. So youhaveto get at least THREE AP, so that you can waste one on the jump before you use your ability.So you finally work out how to throw your sword at someone and it's all flashy and brilliant and you go to recall it back to you and ... oh no. You can't do that until you purchase the ability to do it. Which costs two skill points. Why two? Because you need to spend one first, to unlock anemptynode on the skill tree whichdoesn't give you anything. Why. Why. WHY WOULD YOU DO THIS. So now you'rerunningjumping around the room, empty handed, kicking people until you can get to the one moment where everyone's reloading and you're close enough to your sword to pick it up (and since you can't just move like normal during combat, that requires you to get the perfect jump or OH NO! Everyone's reloaded, time to go jumping again). This basically makes the entire ability to throw your sword worthless until you can get the ability to recall it.Earning Skill points is the worst. To do it, you have to complete all three side objectives in a level. These are:No alarms. NPCs can spot you all you like, but if you happen to disappear out of sight of one of them, and eight seconds pass before you get back to them, they trigger an alarm and you fail this objective.Kill all enemies. Usually easy enough but horrible in some big fights.Spare civilians. Considering there are civilian areas where there is no option but to walk through the light, achieving both this one and No Alarms on all levels is completely impossible.Limit Break.What is this and why is it here. Essentially, when you build up to 5AP, you automatically 'Limit Break', which lets you perform two actions in a single turn before the enemies can react. That's great for when you want to do that. Other times you'll be trying to get into position to throw your sword, and suddenlyLIMIT BREAK!""You have no AP now, but feel free to aimlessly jump nowhere because we wasted all your action points.""Machine-gun enemies.This was an interesting development since in the demo, all the enemies used pistols. I thought it would be interesting to pick them off first and avoid their fire, but they're so inconsistently programmed even between individual enemies in a single room. Usually, they fire a long burst and aim towards you, so you're under suppressing fire. This carries on for at least two turns, making the combat slightly more exhilarating as you try to avoid all the shots, especially with multiple enemies.However.They fire for inconsistent numbers of turns (2-5) at random, and sometimes you can jump past their bullets safely and sometimes you can't, at random.Checkpoints.Checkpoints happen completely at random and at the worst possible places. In Mark of the Ninja, a vastly superior game which you should buy if you haven't already, a checkpoint would appear in a reasonable spot, somewhere out of the way of guards where you could easily reconsider your approach and start doing a different route if you wanted to. In RONIN, it drops a checkpoint on you whenever it feels like it, or not at all, such as reloading you in the middle of a brightly lit room full of enemies.Story.Limited. From what I gather,you're an assassin trained or programmed by a corporation, and you've gone rogue and decided to take out your creators. Sadly, the immersion was lost when we ran into spelling errors during the few, single screen story moments. Working with a company like Devolver, you should at least have had a proofreader go over the script to check for errors, but somehow you missed some.Graphics.I usually wouldn't mention this of a platformer, but I do appreciate the upgrade from pixelated Black Widow lookalike to sprited Kill Bill stunt double. The sprites are nicely animated and seem to be well thought-out.Anything else.Soundtrack's pretty rad. That's about it, though, sadly.All in all, do not buy unless fixed. I paid £9 so you don't have to. Go buyMark of the NinjaandGunpointinstead. Just don't buy RONIN."
76561197972328112,Recommended,274230,32619582,Posted: 21 June,all,CapriciousCancer - Arlyeon,"Ronin is an intriguing entry in both the turn based & Stealth action genres. Stylistically, the graphics have a simple but effective 2D presentation, with a definite dystopian cyberpunk feel to it. And that cleanliness also means the information presented on the screen (enemies, escape routes, weapon trajectories), is easy enough to read. Music, on the other hand, is just solid, with a few specific tracks standing out as especially good (The club track was one of my favourites).Gameplay wise, There's a sort of stealth platforming vibe to the game, with the character being fairly agile (And in possession of a grappling line) and a leap that would make frogs envious. That said, once you get within a certain proximity of enemies, or happen to be targeted, a sort of bite sized turn system implements itself- letting you make tactical decisions in response to the actions that are occuring, in an effort to either evade or eviscerate your opposition.Whilst your offensive options are somewhat limited at first, Progression through the game provides you with a slowly increasing number of abilities to aid you in overcoming the various obstacles in the game.Story wise- the plots essentially told in a relatively simplistic manner, taking more of a backseat to the gameplay experience itself. It's not lacking, but it's not the central theme of Ronin. And honestly, that's fine with me.Overall, my feelings on this game is it's a pretty good purchase for a few afternoons of fun. And there's a NG+ feature if the first run wasn't enough for you...and you're a complete masochist. The Difficulty escalation is real."
,Not Recommended,274230,31874105,Posted: 20 May,all,Armalight,"I really, really, really wanted to like this game. The entire time I played it, I ALMOST had fun. I enjoyed the Kill Bill-esque story, the graphics, and the gameplay had a lot of potential. But ♥♥♥♥ me, this game is infuriating in the worst ways. It never felt like I died because of my own failure, I almost ALWAYS died due to horrible control. That grapple hook killed me more than any enemy in the game. I so wanted to enjoy this game, but the entire time I played it, I rarely actually enjoyed myself. Everytime I would plan a move, something would happen, either the hook bugs out or I end up halting at a certain point, nothing ever worked. And don't even get me ♥♥♥♥ing started on the movement. Not being able to simply climb up a ledge while in combat nearly breaks the game. It's like I have to frantically jump up and down and grapple around until I see a chance to kill someone and pray that my hook doesn't kill me, or that I don't end up hanging off a ledge, because then you're dead. I wanted to like this game, I really did. But I just can't. I didn't have fun playing this."
76561198047868578,Not Recommended,274230,17435665,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,jcbvickers,The amount of money that this game costs is absolutely insane for the amount of content provided.  I pre ordered this game as soon as the oppurtunity presented itself.  They failed to mention that the game I pre ordered was going to be an Early Access game.  That has nothing to do with the actual gameplay it's just an annoyance that the game devs didn't make that a clear point.  So after waiting for this game to exit EA I finally gave it a playthrough.  Not only was I displeased with the length (I finished the game with both endings in my 4.3 hours of playtime) but  the gameplay was incredibly repetititive.  It seemed like it was the same scenario everytime there was combat.  There are only 3 enemy types so you never see anything new.  There are 5 chapters each with 3 levels.  The first 2 are always computer hacking and the final mission is always an assassination.  Detection boxes are completely broken.  Sometimes you will be on the other end of the map and an enemy will be detecting you even though you haven't gotten there yet.  Other times you will be trying to crash through a window and you will slam right into it and nothing will happen.  Overall I give it a 4/10.  Don't buy full price.
,Recommended,274230,16026590,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Samson Jr.,"Great animation and soundtrack, I like it so far. A few things I didn't like:-The current capped FPS-The jumping indicator is odd, its hard to know how far in your jumping animation you will get through before the opponents turn. Additionally it would be nice to know when in the jumping animation you get to attack your opponent, since more than one I am in top of an opponent (mid-air) and I am unable to throw my sword during my turn.-Also it would be nice if the jumping indicator would stop at the upper floor instead of just going through it when you are jumping to a floor above."
,Recommended,274230,25725534,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Sleepies,"""Jump result is calculated by potatoes""Ronin is a very stylish 2D action turn based ""kill them all"" game with great potential, but ruined by so many design flaws and majorly affected the experience.Good:- Very challenging stage difficulty, but not impossible once you checked the video walkthough on internet- Feel very satisfied when slashing the enemy with your Katana under enemies gun fire- Also feels great when hanging enemies on ceiling in stealth run- Some awesome skills and gadgets to unlock, shuriken is one of the best- Character design is coolBad:- Jump arc result sometimes goes wrong, this is major flaw of this game as slightly positioning different will get yourself killed. Player get upset by messed up with wrong Jump arc given by the game system- Final Stage is harsh and sometimes torturing- Lack of tutorials and explanation. Some stage you cannot get perfect clear and skill points without dedicated command, for example you need to know how to let the empty elevator going up to distract a citizen for stealth break in- Story telling is nearly none, and ending is lazy and non rewardingSuggestion (So many..... this game missed a chance of being greater success):- Grapple line in combat should also give the turn end position- Use dead corpse as human shield for blocking 1 pistol shot- Smoke Grenade - Area blind- Fire bomb - Area stun and push mobs backward- Dive slash skill - cost 3 action points by jump and kill mobs in one turn- Decoy should be projectile in non combat section and start the enemy gun fire by hologram distractionVerdicts:Recommend when on sales, especially if you enjoy the challenging game7.5/10"
,Not Recommended,274230,16886627,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Maverick,"Ronin is a game that seems to have aped half the code from Gunpoint and added a single original gimmick. The gimmick is this turn-based combat system that has you jumping around from place to place, trying to avoid gunfire so that you can get up close to stab your enemies with a sword. When it works, it's pretty brilliant. It's a good mechanic, but it lacks polish, and when your one original idea comes with serious bugs, it ruins the entire game. The big issue is that this jumping ballet requires extreme precision, and very tactical thought, as a single mistake will see you dead, and so when the game tells you your jump is going to land you in a certain area, you need to be able to trust with 100% certainty that you will land where expected, else you are likely to die. The problem is that a decent percentage of the time, the game will screw up your trajectory just enough to get you killed, and see you frustratingly replay the same section over and over and over again.Worse is when the game decides abruptly, and for very little reason, to suddenly drop you out of the turn-based play, and back into real time. If an enemy spots you but you're too far away to attack, they will call in a Lockdown, which can screw up your progress, or cause automatic failure of the level. It takes them 9 turns, or 9 seconds, to initiate the lockdown, giving you 9 turns, or 9 seconds, to reach them and stop them from putting through the call. 9 turns is difficult enough in some of the particularly dangerous levels, where there are a dozen enemies around you, all trying to shoot you dead every turn. When the game suddenly drops you into real-time mode, you can suddenly lose 2-3 seconds before you even realize what's happened, and now you've gone from 8 turns to 5 turns through no fault of your own.The game can easily be beaten in less than 4 hours, if you're decent at it and the game doesn't screw up repeatedly and cause you to have to replay sections of the game again and again and again. Two sections in particular, which should have been 5 minute sections to beat, took me over 90 minutes to beat because I kept dying. Sometimes it was my own fault, the game can be a challenge even when it's working flawlessly, which is a good thing, but a good chunk of the time I died because the game didn't do what it said it'd do, and got me killed as a result.Bottom line: The game is reasonably fun, but I'd wait for it to go on a massive sale. Even at the entirely reasonable $10-13 dollar range it just doesn't feel like enough game, and the bugginess can really hurt the fun. If you can get it for $5, and don't mind some frustration, there's a fairly decent game here."
76561198083904568,Not Recommended,274230,17638183,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,IronboundScarab,"Although this game can be really fun it usually just turns into a fight against the game itself. The jump arc is inaccurate, the turn based combat, although interesting, results in you evading gunshots at the end of every turn rather than killing the enemy you've just stunned. On top of this, basic movement is not allowed in combat, meaning you can't just climb up this ledge to avoid gunfire, you have to jump, which uses one portion of your special meter, meaning you can't pull off moves nearly as often as you should be able to. The stealth mechanics are incredibly fun outside of battle but as  soon as you enter you've lost all of the mobility that makes you dangerous. A stealth combat game where you can pause time would have been much more fun than this forced turn based combat. Realistically the turns were only implemented to differentiate it from Gunpoint, which is a much more fun, challenging, and funny game."
76561198165888349,Recommended,274230,17557539,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,bassboyyy,"Very fun and stealthy game. However, it made me so mad at some points. But still, a great game."
76561198019292015,Recommended,274230,22836552,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,JoeFro,"Ronin is a unique gem. Pretty, thematic, polished and features a nuanced turn-based system . Im surprised at all the haters and bloggers here.You cannot compare this game to anything else bc it literarily has invented a new style of combat.The game itself is difficult to master and the controls also have a learning curve.However this is GOOD THING as it makes victory all the more rewarding.You feel unstoppable after performing miraculous feats of ninjitsu grappling hook sword throws, on your 12th life.It is certainly worth the money.EDIT: After having somewhat mastered the mechanics, I absolutely love this game EVEN MORE! The controls are smooth and forgiving once you understand the subtleties of when the next turn will kill you. The game even tells you ""the arc is a lie"" and not to trust it as the jumps are exaggerated for evasive maneuvers. Disheartening to see this game be marginalized. Perhaps people are getting stuck by not doing all the achievements in the early missions, which unlock the higher level attacks necessary for survival in later missions."
76561198006582305,Not Recommended,274230,25570151,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,MrDave81,"I enjoyed almost all of Ronin, the mechanics are interesting (if a little unpredictable at times) and completing the levels while still trying to get all the objectives makes for some enjoyable puzzle-y stabby action. Plotting your route through the levels and trying to pick off as many enemies as possible before the inevitable fire fight is fun enough to make this a certain positive recommendation.BUT. The decision to design the last level without a single checkpoint is so staggeringly idiotic that it makes me want to scream. All enjoyment is sucked out of trying to solve the puzzles it presents because any attempt at experimentation is punished with having to play the first half of the level all over again. And now, right at the end of the game that element of unpredictability (will that jump work as the trajectory suggests? Will I clip an enemy on the way past? Will that guard hit me or will I fly through the gap unscathed?) crashes into your living room and punches you repeatedly in the balls. The first half of the level is not so good that I want to replay it a billion times just to get to the later sections.I appreciate that this is ameliorated slightly by a new mechanic and it (sort of) plays into the storyline but I fail to see how that is an improvement over having a sensible checkpoint system which would let the player choose how they want to approach it.Do not buy this, do not support this kind of design decision."
,Recommended,274230,16967354,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Kozzy-New Curb Your Enthusiasm!,"Should you give this game a try? Do you want to roleplay as a ninja? Like turnbased combat? Like platforming elements?For me it reminds me of a bunch of elements from other games and then a few of its own aspects. Certain aspects remind me of Mark Of The Ninja and Hotline Miami but with its own unique turnbased combat once you have been seen. I really like the combat, just a blast to mess around with.The things that could be improved for a sequel or expansion pack are as follows: With good writing this would really compliment the wonderful combat (Chris Avellone is in free agency atm, hint hint hehe) and if they made more variety for the types of missions. Also the game only plays at 30fps which isn't a huge deal for this game but still annoying and hopefully something they can improve in a next game.Imagine this gameplay with some good writing for a revenge storyline, the game handles well and the art design fits the game well. If you don't mind the story being near non existent, give this a go! Good writing is one thing I love in games but this game is a great example of gameplay stealing the show and being more than enough to carry things. The many ways that you can go about these missions is wonderful and a make it a ton of fun to play. The soundtrack is also good, the atmosphere is well done and the fun factor is very high for me. Also bonus points for taking a chance and doing something new with the turnbased combat.Really interested to see what the devs do in the future as this turnbased combat for this type of game is breath of fresh air and something new. With a few improvements and better writing a sequel could be GOTY status."
,Not Recommended,274230,17575811,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Ashmore [目隠しダ],"It's not a bad game, but it's not really great either. Great art style and musics, however the gameplay is inconsistent. Basically, if you don't do like the devs wanted to, you can be punished baddly. Like the game ignoring a checkpoint because you didn't do the hacking in order and when you respawn you respawn way back because of it.In some levels, some guards that weren't alerted will spot other guards alerted when the alerter guard is in the shadow and should not be seen. You're being seen in the light (logical), but sometimes you're not when you definitely should be seen (Hey Officer Boss!). When you're seen by ennemies, the game is supposed to pause for the turn based combat to happen, but sometimes it's not happening. That kind of sheit happened to me multiple times and lead me to jumping thinking there'll be a pause but nope and I ended up in a death trap (lasers or electricity).The UI is overall fine but I had to find on the Steam Forums that I could move an elevator without being in here because the camera is always focusing on you and there is no visible stuff to indicate that you can do so without moving the camera around. Talking about moving elevator without being inside it, I don't get that feature. It was cool in Gunpoint but it's pretty much worthless here since it's useful in just one level.When it comes to the story it's pretty meh. You are basically avenging your father death from guys that were supposed to be his friends. There is not so much narration, like we don't know why we need to hack so many stuff to get the targets locations, why they did that stuff to the character's father. Which pretty much leads to me not giving a single ♥♥♥♥ about the happy or sad ending. Why should I care about the main character when we know almost nothing about her or that the story wasn't really engaging?Let's finish saying that this game has no keybinding options, which means that an AZERTY user like me was pretty much forced to play uncomfortably with arrows+mouse. And of course the 30fps (I feel for you 144Hz users.) just because the game team ""didn't like"" their 60fps build. To their credit about the 30fps lock, at the very least it's not too painful since the combat is turned base and the background scrolling in a 60Hz screen isn't so terrible.Overall, I find this game pretty Meh, which is sad since it would probably needs just some tweaks to it to make it more enjoyable."
,Recommended,274230,23113507,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Loathe,"I felt like leaving this review here because the game is undeserving of the recent influx of negative reviews from kids that bought the game on recent Devolver sale, got wrecked in the first few levels ( i don't deny they are hard), but in their frustration decided to leave a bunch of disinformation about the game like : being wonky, controls not working properly, being too hard,abortion of gunpoint and mark of the ninja and what not.This game tries to be neither.It's a damn fun game, but it requires some thought, which today's players don't have much or are just too lazy.That out of the way. It's a very stylish samurai game, and unique in many factors. Story is barely there, but that matters not. Atmosphere and music (which is just fanastic) really keep the flow going. And stuff you will pull once you get hand on the basics will really make you feel like a true ninja. It's a turn based game and you have to plan your every move because you die in one hit. But perserve 2-3 levels and if you like cyberpunk ninja tearing♥♥♥♥♥♥down, this is for you.I'd get it on full price, but if you're sceptical wait for a sale.3 euros for 8-13 hours of fun (depending if you want to all side missions)Get this gem."
,Not Recommended,274230,29076169,Posted: 6 January,all,Scruffy,"If you want to play a brilliant game, terribly executed, this is your game.Great idea, half baked job."
76561198075202999,Recommended,274230,16031019,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Jakuzi,"I remember playing this when it was a 3 level demo on itch io maybe a year ago. I liked it then and I liked it now. The game manages to remain frantic while essentially being turn-based. It's neatly tactical and the pace is basically defined by the player. The environments may seem a little stale currently but it's basically to be expected given the content matter of the game.Our protagonist's jump arc is finicky to work with and for some reason he can't do an arc that is short horizontally but tall vertically. He's kind of an all or nothing about his jumps. Furthermore there are strange inconsistencies in how the protagonist will choose to kill a person, I'm sure they're all based on distance from and position of target, but I've loaded a checkpoint and moved down some stairs and immediately had a samurai get ready to strike me while I chose to kill a regular guard, sometimes leading to me striking the guard and moving just out of range of the samurai and sometimes leading to me striking the guard and being slaughtered by the samurai. In both instances I start this from the position of the stairs and choose the exact same path and it seems in both cases the samurai is about the same distance away.This wouldn't be an issue if you could choose the length of your strike the rest of the time, but instead it's entirely based on positioning, which is something of an arbitrary gameplay restriction.Another such arbitrary restriction is that although you can use the scaffolding parts as floors that you  can travel through from below, you cannot use them as ceilings that you travel through from above, meaning that you cannot hang bodies from them. You get used to it quickly, it just seems like a bizarre restriction on the gameplay and you wouldn't expect these restrictions to be in place.This sounds like I'm panning the game but these are just minor issues, it's an engaging gameIf you're curious about the game just play the free demo damn it"
,Recommended,274230,27074498,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[LRG] Bourneco,"RONIN is an incredibly good indie game, with a lot of clear thought and effort put into it. It has an emotional twist at the end which I will not spoil. The gameplay is addicting and tactical, while also being simple to pick up but hard to master. Over-all, I think this game deserves my solid reccomendation to any and all of my friends."
76561198035836537,Not Recommended,274230,29022008,Posted: 4 January,all,adisander,"I would love to recommend this, but I just can't. I've only gotten a few levels into the game, but so far the controlls have been fiddly and frustrating, with movement outside of combat feeling lackluster and slow and the transition from realtime to turn-based often leaves you in a different situation than you'd planned and envisioned. The same goes for jumping around in combat, there's too little information as to what will actually happen.Furthermore, so far the level design has been a letdown. It tries, and I can see what was the goal, but it ends up again largely frustrating with annoying rooms of enemies and far too much downtime where you just wish you could run faster or jump without it sending you into pause.The combat as well is disapointing (although largely because I got my hopes up too much). As mentioned before there's far too little information as to what you're actually going to end up doing, your feelingly limited jump range makes dealing with a room of spread out enemies a nightmare, and the hookshot is far too fiddly and mostly useless in combat, which is a real problem as it's the only action you can do midair (besides just fall) until you've unlocked a few skills.Ultimately if falls flat of what was envisioned and what you're probably hoping for. It left me hanging in just about every aspect and wishing I could just shoot someone instead of having to hope that my landing circle is close enough to an enemy to stun them, and then mostly have to jump away again due to someone else aiming at that location.Nonetheless, I AM going to keep an eye on the developer, as I feel that with a better implementation they could pull off something that would be straight up my alley and a blast to play. Hopefully."
,Not Recommended,274230,33882509,Posted: 29 July,all,INIGO BBY COME HOME,"Very neat little game with a great idea but poor execution. I would say it's definitely worth playing while it's on sale. I would not recommend buying this at full price as it feels very barebones and will leave you feeling ripped off. If you like the idea of the game I would highly recommend taking a look at Mark of the Ninja, which has much more fleshed-out levels and mechanics with larger and more intricate levels."
76561197960703887,Recommended,274230,33153841,Posted: 2 July,all,Chief,"When one hears the description of a game being ' turn-based action platformer' one cannot help but be intrigued. This is the reason I bought this game during the 2016 christmas Steam sale and had a blast playing it.The music is very atmospheric, the soundeffects are very befitting everything that happens onscreen and graphically it's basic but very stylish. If I had to have two points of criticism it would be one minor and one more major issue:Minor: The skilltree that gradually unlocks new abilities is a bit tricky as picking the wrong skills early on will make it more difficult to complete subsequent missions because the encounter you need to solve was basically sort of designed around a particular skill. Certainly, other skills can be used to compensate but it causes the game to fluctuate a bit in terms of difficulty per level/encounter. That being said, restarting the game for a new run with other skills being unlocked first is actually quite fun so that's no biggy.Major: New skill points can only be acquired by completing all secondary objectives. Some of these involve not tripping an alarm or not killing civilians. Problem is that there's a few levels where the situation you need to resolve feels needlessly artificial in terms of timing/positioning of the enemies that may appear resulting in a bit of trial and error frustration.However, despite these two issues I finished the game and had a blast playing it. So as a result I would still wholeheartedly recommend this game for anyone who likes stylish action that requires your thinking cap to be firmly into place. It has a few issues but scorewise I would still give it a solid 8 out of 10."
76561198378517865,Recommended,274230,32835207,Posted: 26 June,all,victor.galeano,"I love the concept of the marriage between a nice, clean platform game and a turn-based battle mechanic. It was a really enjoyable experience.Being able to to see the whole ""platform"" and strategically choosing which opponents to either brutally stab or elegantly sneak up on and hang from the sealing (hehe) was really cool. It feels as if the player has at least a couple of choices on how to approach the game and, in a way, their own personality.The game also had cool features when it comes to gaining new skills; one must achieve three specific goals each platform in order to get a skill point. And I have to say, I could not go on to the next level without achieving these goals, even if one is able to do so. This forces the player to really perfect his strategic thinking and make better choices in the turn-based battle system. When I reached the last level I felt like I actually had learned something throughout the game; I made faster decisions with remarkable precision. I truly became a vengeful super ninja girl.The only problems I had was that I thought the speed of the game (outside the turn based battle system) was a bit on the slow end. I really wanted to have a button for running, but this was really a minor issue."
76561198033132301,Not Recommended,274230,29626680,Posted: 1 February,all,EckyThump,Good idea but very poor control. Does not play well as the outcomes of your actions seem inconsistent. Both winning and losing feel unsatisfying.
76561197986891423,Recommended,274230,16225921,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,lincore,"Ronin is an aesthetically pleasing, slightly challenging round-based platforming game with a very strong core mechanic  involving stabbing underwage watchmen while simultaneously evading their bullets.The game took me about six hours to beat, and most of that time I was having a blast. There was a bit of frustation involved, but I think that is to be expected from a somewhat challenging game. Also, with great challenge come great rewards, especially when overcome with the precision of a blade swinging, death bringing, wall clinging heart surgeon of doom.On the negative side, I don't think there's much to say. Everything I'd nitpick about is concerned with minor interface/control issues, Given the speed with which some of those have been resolved already,  I'm sure that there won't be much to complain about in a few weeks.In other reviews, the game has been criticised for, among other things, the perceived minor role of stealth and linear level design. While both claims hold some truth, I see nothing inherintly bad about it. Ronin stands on its own, criticizing it for not being Mark of the Ninja/Thief seems a bit unfair to me. Thank God it's different, I say!"
,Recommended,274230,16877376,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Hakkesshu,"Ronin is an incredible first effort for a one-man project, it allows you to dole out righteous asskickings within an extremely simple framework, the tangible progression in player skill is pure satisfaction. If the game allowed you to play back a level in real time you would probably look like the Primordial God of Ninjas by the time the credits roll.It's one of the most mechanically creative and solid indie games I've played in years. A brilliant concept that shines confidence and precision in every aspect - the minimal storytelling puts you into the action immediately while still making the stakes clear, the mechanics are deep but don't require much explanation, it knows its limitations and the game ends before it starts asking too much of the player.Main problem is that around 10% of the time, the controls aren't as reliable as they should be, and can occasionally wig out on you, but outside of the last level the checkpoints are generous enough to where this isn't a dealbreaker. If this guy keeps at it, we're going to be seeing some next-level stuff in the future."
76561198025510494,Recommended,274230,16775426,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,MrClean622,"Short Review:I really loved this game and I find myself going back to it again and again.  I am very happy that I bought this game and I will definitely recommend it to my friends.Slightly Longer Review:The general conceit and control scheme is surprisingly addictive and very engaging.  I don't recall this feeling of satsfaction  from overcoming obstacles in another game recently.  Just when I find it getting too difficult, I manage to work out a new strategy.(This is my first time writing a review.  That's how good this game was.  I'm generally very passive about these things.  Kudos to all involved in making such an adictive game)The only thing missing from this game is a real time playback at the end of each round.  But for now, my imagination will suffice.Note: Possibly due to playing offline, Steam has me down for .7 hours of play.  I'm embarrassed to say, it's more like 8 or 9 hours."
,Not Recommended,274230,33354430,Posted: 7 July,all,haddsman,"At first glance the game looks really nice and the initial learning curve over the first few levels is smooth and easy to get into. However, Ronin quickly becomes brutally unforgiving in quite an artificial way - which may put some off, including me"
,Recommended,274230,16838269,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,fatsoh,"I loved the hell out of gunpoint and I love the hell out of this.Although it lacks the charm of gunpoint, I think that the turn based strategy part of the game is really cool and often times more fun than the gameplay of gunpoint.Also people are complaining about there being no stealth in the game when there is if you want to. It does say to kill everyone but many times I found it easier to only kill who I had to and then just dip the ♥♥♥♥ out.Only bad thing is 30 fps cap which is very noticable when you are using the mouse to change the view of the camera but other than that its not too bad.Also the music pretty damn good.8/10"
,Recommended,274230,29885340,Posted: 12 February,all,Mortem,"WOw. AMasing how this can be so entertaining. It's such a simple thing. Yet It pushes you, And makes you aim for perfection. I love this game. And can highly recommend it to people that want something that's UNIQUE. Best way to describe it is that It's a real time turn based stealth acrobatic action game. You more or less has this, SUper hot thing going where the enemy only move when you move and its up to you to move and avoid there bullets while getting in close enough for a kill with your sword. And each time you do a perfect mission, No alarm, No innocent and all guards dead you get a skillpoint. YOU WILL NEED THEM and hell they give you some awesome powers.Example, I get the abillity to throw my sword at an enemy and kill them, But then i must retrive it before i can kill again. Another one gives you the abillity to recall the sword, to get it back but this can also be used to recall the sword in to an enemy's back while he's betwen you and the sword and this will kill him. Theres also a skill that let you kill downed guards when your unarmed and has thrown your sword.Story Is there. But It's well Nothing spectacular. it's enough to keep you going. But the challenge of the game and the feeling when you clear out a room fast paced, only making one or two seconds betwen each decision. Wow.. There is a little stealth to it as well. Not much tho. It's not Mark of the ninja or shinobi or tenchu z.Pick this up. Try it.. Refund if you dont like it. Damm im sure some people can finish it in 2 hours if they are good enough."
76561198136267262,Not Recommended,274230,29861865,Posted: 11 February,all,Bobby Flay,"Cool concept but it is executed poorly.  The ""jump tool"" thing is unreliable, it's not accurate.  The game even says it's not reliable, which seems more like a case of laziness on the developer side than ""cool innovative control."""
,Recommended,274230,30442895,Posted: 11 March,all,C A N I S T E R,Awesome!
76561198097549414,Recommended,274230,17302491,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,sunblindedone,"Playing RONIN is like learning a dance. There are fights where you need to learn where to jump and when, and sometimes it takes a few tries. If you don't have the patience for that, you won't like this game. If you don't mind some experimentation and strategy, then you'll love it.Edited to add that if your mouse is old or substandard, you're going to get screwed. A lot. The slightest misclick and you have to go back before you've done a crapload of work. It needs more checkpoints and it needs to not be so unstable - I worked for literally 45 minutes trying to kill Wisegal and then the program crashed. I am understandably annoyed.I wish there was a setting between yes and no in terms of recommendations. It shouldn't be this hard, but it is really fun when it behaves."
76561197992860944,Recommended,274230,17567181,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,AzzKikr143,"Best described as turn-based ""Mark of the Ninja"". I've seen reviews saying that the game is too short, but I don't feel that's true. It is a game with layers of difficulty. You can make the game as difficult as you want in order to achieve bonus objectives for skill points. Often that requires playing the same level multiple times until you have that 'perfect run', which really appeals to the OCD completionist in me :). That can pad out the game length significantly (if you choose to). It also ramps up the difficulty. At some points the game gests harder than a blind lesbian's nipples in a fish market. But it never got frustrating to the point of not being FUN! The harder the challenge, the more motivating it was to beat it. I remember thinking that the first boss was IMPOSSIBLE until I had that 'ah ha!' moment and solved the problem. It was VERY satisfying. After that I felt like I was ready to take on anything the game threw at me. And it delivered!"
,Recommended,274230,16275080,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Pinguin in suit,"I liked the concept of this game, but then I read some really negative reviews about it and I considered not buying it for a while.But then I thought to myself : All the negative points people are describing about this game are about being hard, difficult to control and not stealthy but instead really ""rushy"", and I think these are negative but also good points for a game depending on the type of gamer/player you are.To all the people hesitating, if you prefer more casual or more strategic gameplay, or even if you just have difficulties mastering difficult controls (not f*cked up controls, controls that are made to be vague) then yes go buy Gunpoint which is an awesome game for these strategic players, if you just like challenge, rush, panicking and killing people in a stylish way, then go ahead : this game is almost made for you.+AMAZING MUSIC AND ART+(to me) Hard, challenging, needs several tries while not being random+Can be rushed if lucky enough or just great maneuvers/style points usage+The skill tree allows 3 different types of gameplay : ""The sword in your face from a distance"", the ""I'll just teleport everywhere and put some clones"" and the ""I'll also teleport everywhere but I'll also stun the sh*t out of you"".-Put more effort into the stealth section (on some levels : FYI I could stealth lv1 and 2)  story line and more achievements/easter eggs please :(-Allowing people to change the controls would solve some issues with the ""difficult controls"" thing for some playersAgain, just MY opinion :)"
,Recommended,274230,16334797,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Jonflip Zooza,"Basic mode is challanging, new game+ is brutal. While very short (~5-6 hours), the game also feels very rewarding (although sometimes frustrating).Also note that, while it is in Early Access, this game is a finished product which is as bug free as they come nowadays."
,Not Recommended,274230,28213060,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,stoaster,"I'm about 3 hours in and think I have a pretty good feel for it.Ronin is a pretty cool turn-based action game. It doesn't have the great writing or puzzle elements but the levels and movement are similar to Gunpoint.  The turn based combat system is a neat core mechanic and makes for some really exciting moments. The big drawback is what seems like a long, or at least frequently occuring, list of annoyances.  Sometimes an enemy's attack line shows him hitting a corner that he shoots past thus killing you where you should have been safe. Sometimes your own jump arc has you landing or not landing someplace it didn't show. Sometimes you just need to pull yourself onto a ledge mid fight but the only action you're allowed to take during the turn based combat is jumping away from it.  Sometimes you need a shorter jump but you can only angle how you launch yourself, not how hard. This stuff all adds up to really hurt an otherwise great combat system.All in all, things are incredibly satisfying when they work as expected and the game is unique and super cool but held back by a lot of little things that aren't quite right and result in frequent frustration. I'd wait for a sale, but it's certainly worth picking up and giving a go.Edit - I played a bit more and came across even more things that just tilt the balance towards more frustration than fun. There are lots of platforms you can stand on but not hit with your grappling hook(light fixtures, etc) and the checkpoints are kind of poorly laid out, requireing you to repeatedly play some tedious section before or after a fight that would better be skipped with a better placed checkpoint. This can also mean sometimes it'll autosave a checkpoint right after you get spotted by a civilian and go through a door, meaning it's now impossible to complete all objectives for the level without completely starting over.  It's a cool game but there's just so many little things that just ruin the experience."
76561198077526356,Recommended,274230,16774512,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Killcheese,"This is a brilliant game, with perhaps the best turn based gameplay I have ever encountered. It's this unique gameplay that really sets Ronin apart from other turn bassed games. It's deep, fun and very satisfying, which is an incredibly rare thing for a turn based game. The visuals and over all style is extremely cool too.Unfortunately, there is not much of story beyond a simple objective. This works, for this game, but it would've been cool if there was a cool tale woven through out it.  Still, it's an absolutely brilliant game, that balances its difficulty perfectly. It's not easy, but very beatable, and your hardwork is rewarded. Overall, I would say this is one of the best games I've played in a long time."
,Recommended,274230,16929890,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Literally The Worst,RONIN is the thinking man's murder simulator. Most games with a basis of assassination go the 3rd person real-time action route but this one bucks the trend in favor of a turn-based mechanic. Whenever you are spotted by an enemy the game switches into this mode where you can plan out your movements and attacks all while avoiding the bullet trajectories of the people around you. For more information check out theVIDEO REVIEW.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0qGcWLpR49g
,Recommended,274230,16072168,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Dualie,"Ronin has depth to a game that seems pretty shallow, and tries to push some boundaries on platformers/turn based games, in which those seem to never cross paths, and is executed well enough that the game's main action heavy points are actually fluid and somewhat open ended.Ronin however, with this in mind, gives you difficult challenges, such as killing all enemies, never triggering the alarm(even though you are in a large room with obstacles, ontop of enemies that don't shoot, they instead call for a lockdown first thing, which in action mode is 7 turns)Combat flows fluently in which makes you have to play smart but also very aggressively, for every stun you make it is 1 point on your little bar, a kill is 2, each turn without a stun or a kill is one off, a ability milestone, when reached and used, will use that many to be used(such as a 2 point ability will take 2 points), since the play-styles with situations are opened ended, there are also skill sets that you can get that are also open ended, such as you can obtain decoys first thing, that or sword throwing, or 2 turns for a limit break instead of 1. Skills get really intense because they add complimentary skills that work off of them, such as teleporting to stunned enemies that you may have stunned with a shuriken rain, being able to use the decoy without needing to pick up the hologram itself, and much more.The music is simplistic, but keeps to the original game. Such as battle music stepping out of the stealth music boundaries, elevator music that is annoying yet funny and catchy.Overall:5/10 -Story(vague mainly because early access, but it is the simplistic daughter seeking vengeance I believe)9/10- Gameplay(gives the same challenges that Hotline Miami would give you, except more linear)7/10-Music(like I said, simplistic but catchy)Overall: 8.5/10(more likely a 9 because I am a bit biast because it tried to push something ""new and creative)(but this isn't much of a biast review, now is it?)Also Samurais are the silliest but most broken thing in this game. Once you reach the penthouse level for Weasgal, you will see.♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,274230,16047543,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Rocket Maing,"RONIN Is kind of like gunpoint but with a turn based system instead. While it is a very good game, I would add a ""easier"" mode for people who are not so good with TBS. The game is Really good. But like i said, its a tad hard"
,Recommended,274230,16068146,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Shadzow,"I really like this game! Yeah it's really freaking hard but I feel bad♥♥♥♥♥when I clear a room full of enemies. People are saying that there isn't any stealth, but there is! Not as much as Mark of the Ninja though... This game definitely isn't perfect but I have had a lot of fun playing it. The only thing I would change is to put the 'Load last checkpoint' before 'Restart Level' cause that has caused me a looooot of grief when I hit the wrong one...."
76561197970245964,Not Recommended,274230,19889021,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Cufo,"I wanted to like this game, but ended up disappointed.  Way too much trial and error.  Way to much jumping back and forth waiting for an opening to kill someone as 3 or 4 other guys are constantly aiming at you.  Gets old pretty quick."
,Recommended,274230,16039410,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,El que espera dentro del calor,"From the reviews I can see that the biggest problems are:1-gameplay gets old fast2.the game will not start/work1:in my opinion there is enough skills and stuff to unlock to keep me interested (but that is a more personal opinion).2:but with the game not starting/working I had that problem as well but i found a solution to it, kinda.well its not a permanent fix but you can still get into the game, the problem is that (for some reason) it will take about 16 mins from opening the game for the actual game to open and during this time it completely lagged out my computer and   generally bugged out but once i got into the game (after about 15 mins) everything else seemed to work.only other thing that didn't work is there is a blank white box during loading screens and from the gameplay i have seen this is supposed to be the photograph of your targets (but that's a minor problem).and apart from all this the game generally works very well and is very fun to play, i just hope the starting up bug is fixed and all will be great.also adding some sort of level editor would be nice as well.[EDIT] the bugs have been fixed"
76561198015125110,Not Recommended,274230,28960719,Posted: 2 January,all,DITW,"While an interesting concept, the execution of mixing real-time with turn-based is critically flawed here in a few key ways that make the game overly frustrating.At many times you are expected to do quick, twitch, split-second actions in sequence outside of combat mode to position yourself properly at the start of combat. This already feels really clunky when put alongside the rigid turn-based combat mode. Then, when you enter combat mode, the game forces into real-time for several seconds where you lose control of your character. This is often disastrous when you were in the middle of doing a difficult but important real-time maneuver. Additionally, you can often be forced to leave combat mode when you aren't expecting to, and then have to quickly switch back to the non-turn-based gameplay, sometimes during those important moments that require very fast actions.For example, the final Alt-F4 moment for me: I was unexpectedly dropped out of combat-mode while fighting a group of enemies, since I'd killed half, but the other half were out of line-of-sight. The remaining half immediately began the timer to raise the alarm. So, I had to quickly make a difficult jump over a pit and tether to a ceiling to swing over to the remaining enemies, while being stuck in real-time mode, so I could re-enter combat. Mid-jump, the remaining enemies spot me again, throwing me BACK into combat mode, but locking me out of character controls while I plummet to my doom.There are additional lesser problems related to these seperate modes, where you are able to do much more in real-time mode and with much finer control. This is all pretty paradoxical, since you'd think that turn-based would make everything much easier, but in this execution it just over-simplifies everything.... On top of all that I didn't find the game to be tactically difficult or rewarding."
76561198034372281,Recommended,274230,17462960,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Texeu,"Amazingly fun 2D turn-based sneaking game. You can play it by ether going allmost full stealth and strategizing your way through or just slash every enemy without caring about the alarm, either way its fun to play once you get hang of the controls. I recommend everyone who like stealth games tries it out!"
76561198175607906,Recommended,274230,17463587,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Vile,this game is short but sweet worth your time if you are interested in these sorts of game
,Recommended,274230,17570457,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Kvasi,"Like a mix of Mark of the Ninja and Gunpoint, what's not to like?"
76561197961965679,Recommended,274230,23096380,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Moestitia,fun but short game well worth it if its on sale
,Recommended,274230,17091365,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Occulator(AUT),"This game is awesome!Ronin is a ,not quite as stealthy as you might expect, turn based action game.I've seen a lot of people complain about it because it gets quite hard, but in my opinion it only adds its charms - and if that still was too easy for you, the new game plus option adds a little extra difficulty."
,Recommended,274230,29936282,Posted: 14 February,all,wyulf,"i liked the concept of the game. the stylishness of it. the art is quite simplistically beautiful too.but there are some slight bugs still in the game, such as enemies getting stuck in walls, which can be a tad annoying. also, the controls can get a bit frustrating at times too, especially the inconsistent jumps.most of all though *spoiler*after all the grueling battles, making it to the end ... we're rewarded with that same picture we've seen throughout the game, as the ending?! XD  c'mon! at least have a new picture of the heroine riding off into the sunset or something!all in all, ronin is a fun little game. despite it's shortcomings, the gameplay does make up for it. it could still use with a little more polish. i think a 6 or 7/10 is fair."
76561198145320641,Recommended,274230,26033159,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,KingFox,"NOTE: I ONLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME IF YOU WANT TO PLAY BY KEYBOARD AND MOUSE, NOT CONTROLLERThe game concept is great, I would really love to play this game with a controller from my sofa, watching it on the TV, but the controller doesn't seem to be optimized, and it's impossible playing it with it. The jump aiming won't work properly with the joystick and most of the times won't do what the arc line says it will and falling short in front of an enemy will mean death (this happens most of the times when you're really close to the enemy but not close enough to use the sword). Also the jumps with the grappling hook are difficult to achieve with this broken aiming system.With the mouse it's way easier to aim the jump and character seems to follow better the arc.Good minimalistic graphics, good sound, simple but interesting and fun gameplay.Shame it doesn't work well on controller, it looks like some sofa fun :)As I first played the game by controller I didn't recommend the game first, I've tryed the game with mouse this time and it really worth playing. Good game."
,Recommended,274230,17562685,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,ShakeTheSnake,"This game is a ton of fun, accept you have to finish all the side objectives to gain a single skill point. And finishing all the   side objectives is HARD without many upgrades. And to get upgrades you need skill points. And there is no variety in the side objectives, every level has the same objectives, dont kill civilians, dont trigger the alarm, and kill all enemys.These Idiotic side objectives ruin the whole leveling system. Although if you completely disregaurd the side objectives and the leveling system there is a interesting story and some great combat to have fun with."
76561197992765054,Recommended,274230,26020901,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,ArcAngle,"Ronin is a very fun game that is similar to Gunpoint or Deadbolt in certain aspects. The unique feature that set this game aside from others is that once an enemy spots you, the combat shifts to turn based mode instead of real time. This is where a lot of people complain about weird mechanics and unpredictable enemy fire, but after spending several hours on it, I've beaten every stage, new game+ mode included. In hindsight, there are multiple ways to kill most of the mobs, what seemed impossible at first becomes easy as one masters blade control and frame timing.- Fans of Gunpoint/Deadbolt will likely find this game enjoyable- Very solid game design- Has a very high difficulty ceiling and therefore, some stages will be impossible to beat until one masters every aspect of the combat- Has a few visibility bugs, ex. the scientist who looks out from behind a window will not be able to spot you if you climbed across on the ceiling before his eyes- The story is pretty much non-existent. But who cares about a story when the game's so fun?P.S.: Flying blade triple kill is a thing."
,Not Recommended,274230,25610565,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Hamfast Gamwich,"I've never felt less in control of my character's movements. Neat concept for a game, but very poorly executed"
76561198259915815,Recommended,274230,32830308,Posted: 26 June,all,DMRS-ONE,"Really fun little game. The turn-based action isn't something I'd ever considered before, but it was really satisfying. Some issues with the jump arcs and aim lines not being perfectly accurate in the harder sections was annoying, but that wasn't too huge of an issue. Definitely worth a play."
76561198151956731,Recommended,274230,16205907,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,no hope left,Its hard.
,Recommended,274230,16875561,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Lord Pigfoot Nosebeggar XVII,"I just finished Ronin and have to say: I'm a stunned!I'm a big fan of Hotline Miami and Gunpoint, and this was the exact mix of both. The second you realize you can stop time as often as you want as long as nobody has noticed you yet it becomes really awesome. It can be painfully annoying at times to play the same part over and over, especially when the checkpoint requires you to walk a long way rather than just spawning you at the beginning of the battle, but just like Hotline Miami it gives you an overwhelming satisfaction when you've finally finished that hart part you've been playing for an hour.This is the kind of satisfaction that modern games ceased to give. Nowadays it's all about quick achievement, this game is about doing the same thing over and over until you're doing it perfectly and you're finally feeling like a ninja.I cannot recommend this game enough.Pros:-The ambient feeling is very fitting-A lot of stealth, but you can also just massacre your way through-The soundtrack is pretty cool, even if a little repetitive at times-The gameplay, being a mix of gunpoint and Hotline Miami, is unlike anything I have ever played-Skilltree you can choose from-Cool storylineCons:-Not too long, but has a ""plus"" mode after finishing the game-Sometimes glitching through the floor ( happened like 3 times in 5 hours of playtime)-Checkpoints sometimes are at very stupid spotsAll in all I'd give this game a 9/10"
76561198205887631,Recommended,274230,33484589,Posted: 12 July,all,Evanco,One of the few of its genre that uses turn-based combat effectively.
76561198225822496,Recommended,274230,16828347,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Digital Blackface,very good
,Recommended,274230,16830684,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,TheWireLord,"This game is an amazing example of a video game that can not only have outstanding action game play, but also an overwhelmingly enjoyable turn-based combat system! I am not a huge ""Turn-Based"" fan, especially whan it comes to combat, however, The turn-based combat is an amzing feature that really makes RONIN stand out from other games! This turn-based fighting system isn't you just clicking an enemy that you want to attack and watching your character run over to them and swipe their sword at them... You actually get to controll your player by freezing time and making a plan to dodge bullets, bounce off of a wall, grappel swing to the next building, smash into the window surprising the enemy, and finally killing him with an amazing stab to the chest! The music found within RONIN fits with the style of the game perfectly and really adds to the atmosphere within the game! Within the hour of gameplay that I have put into playing/recording this game I can honestly say that I would recommend RONIN to anyone who likes any of the following:-Stealth-Platformers-Action Games-Amazing Visuals-Oustanding Music-Turn-Based ActionMy First Impressions Youtube Video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e2Jdi_lkbLE"
,Recommended,274230,16831318,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Shirsh,"Cute and stylish Revenge simulator.Action-platformer with combat pause: you chose your next move, unpause, wild actions happens simultaneously (""turn based"" tag could make you think that it has a separate turns for you and enemy, but it's not).Main character has a skill-tree, accomplishment of three conditions per level (no alarm, kill guards, spare civilians) grants a skill point, to unlock stuff like holo-projector, sword throwing etc.Visuals and sound creates feeling of meditative music video. Raining nights and revenge with a touch of melancholy and hopelessness. All that ""Old boy"" stuff, you know.Although, because of this meditative feeling, I'd recommend playing portions of no more than three levels (story arc) per session, for better digestion.And be careful it's not about pacifistic-shadow stealth, but about avenging by katana slicing. Big part of gameplay is a dancing under the crossfire. And under cyber-samurais strafing.If you think about this game, just try demo already (it contains three full levels and full skill-set to try)."
,Recommended,274230,16837945,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,FICUS,I love this game. It is so hard these days to make a game that feels truly original. This is the most original game I have played maybe ever.
76561198006649376,Recommended,274230,16838081,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Oakblade,"It's a turn-based platformer. Wait what? It looks like Gunpoint, but it plays completely differently. It's tight, it's tough and it is awesome.You're a biker with a sword and a vengeance. Five bosses. Lots and lots of goons.Problem: they have guns. With laser sights.But you have a sword, so they have a fighting chance. In hell.Updated: beat the game, going back in, can't stop. Help!Updated again: ""New Game Plus"" is Polish for ""Kick Your Balls In"" Difficulty. Optional objectives? Not optional. Some of the enemies aim a lot better, too. And there are more of them. The level layouts are the same, but the kiddie gloves are way off. It's so good it should be illegal.Stop reading my exasperated spittle, wipe off your screen and go buy this game already."
,Recommended,274230,16832816,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Jezzer1801,"Serious review: Best turn based action game I have ever played. I have already killed the Doctor, and almost defeated the Officer.Comedic review:-You can touch walls-You can hang citizens-you can touch walls-you can throw shurikansDid I mention you can touch walls?10/10 I love touching walls."
76561198006256788,Recommended,274230,16837418,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,mirageofpenguins,"While a little repetitive, the unique gameplay here is real interesting.Would definitely recommend."
76561198048497671,Recommended,274230,23314380,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,bstrah,"The TL;DR right up front: this game can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥but is addictive and fun - buy it.Do you remember those classic C64 games like Mission Impossible, Spiderman and Bionic Commando? Remember how cool it was to swing around, infiltrate buildings, pull off stealth kills? If so, this game is for you.Pros* Lovely, atmospheric graphics* Great music* Fun turn based combat mechanic* Excellent level design* Addictive* Free to complete level however you wantCons* Skills (and therefore, game progress) are tied to perfect completion of ""optional objectives"". So, one small ♥♥♥♥ up can mean no new skills for you...without which you'll find the latter levels nigh impossible* Some of the cones of visibility are incredibly arbitrary, without indication of what they are at all* The civilians are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ You can't kill them nor incapacitate them. What I wouldn't have give for non-lethal civilian takedown* The ""lockdown"" (you've been spotted by a civilian or an enemy and have 9 seconds to deal with it) is often unfair. How someone on the other side of the map can see you through several walls is baffling* Some of the control mechanics are not explained in game. For example (and this is important) holding down spacebar pauses the game in real time, allowing you to perform quick actions (such as break through a window, launch a  grappling hook at the roof and then hang enemies) before they can react.  This because important later on.Ultimately, I can summarise the game experience in four words:  Flawed. Beautiful. Irritating. Fun.To the designer (Tomasz):  I bought this (at full price) to let you know that I appreciate your effort. It's not hard to find pirated versions of this (and most) Steam games but I paid $12.99 to  say ""thanks for making Ronin"". If you're reading this, please (a) review some of the threads and comments about Ronin on the community page  (b) create a Ronin 2 with those comments in mind!"
,Recommended,274230,32580325,Posted: 19 June,all,SineSwiper,"This is neat take on a Gunpoint / Mark of the Ninja hybrid.  The combat is unique but also frustrating.  Since the combat is turn-based, the precision is absolute.  This can lead to moments where you know you're dead even before you move.  Or you just attract too much attention in your pursuit to kill everything.  You will die.  A lot.There's basically no story or ending.  That part was hugely disappointing.  Tell me why she's doing this.  Give me some more backstory into the characters she's murdering.I recommend this game on a sale, but know what you're getting into.  There's a lot of potential here, but I wish it didn't have so many flaws."
76561198006687337,Recommended,274230,16110185,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,grail666,"So I do recommend this game, but I caution you all before you commit to $13-20 AUD price tag. As of 06/01/2015, the game is labelled as Early Access, but it is in fact complete. The devs want to bug test and get feedback before the June release (unless it's pushed back again).It is a simple little game presented in a simple art style with a minimalistic approach to character progression. The soundtrack is wonderful if a bit understated. Completing missions is a combination of stealth, turn-based combat, and puzzle solving. There is a sense of being a powerful ninja that can dodge bullets and clean out an entire room of hostiles with a careful tactical approach.However, the game mechanics are seriously flawed. Completing missions is more about memorizing certain patterns, and repetitively jumping around to avoid being shot or cut down by samurai. There is also an attrition factor in that the longer the fights going, the more likely you are to get killed. You might say that tactics comes into play here, but they don't. The player has little in the way of tactical capability; special abilities require a power gauge type device to fill before he/she can use an ability - it is filled by stunning and/or killing enemies - and if you find yourself in the endless jumping phase to avoid getting killed you will most likely never fill the bar. Additionally, you can't use the abilities unless you are in mid-air which presents additional problems because if you spend a turn to jump into the air, you run the risk of depleting the gauge rending the special ability useless.The platforming aspect of the game is also perplexing. The jump indicator (represented as an arc) often indicates that you will land in a certain area, but then drops you onto a platform that is in the way, often times leaving you in the path of a stray bullet (one shot one kill in this game).The level design is interesting to begin with, but overall boarders on the too easy or the absurdly difficult.The game itself is not so much challenging as it is extremely frustrating, relying on handicapping the player to make it difficult, more than sophisticated game design that tests the players ability to think laterally.The story is so-so. A simple revenge story with two endings depending on how the final mission goes for you.So if it's so bad why do I recommend it? Because the game has a lot of potential to be a fantastic little distraction, but falls way short of the mark because of flawed game mechanics. The ideas might work on paper, but in practice they not so much.If you want to kill 5-8 hours get it, but I'd say wait for a steam sale.6/10"
,Recommended,274230,20431867,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Scorn7,"Ronin is an outstanding 2D turnbased/realtime action/sneeker game with good mechanics and a strong sound track if you liked gunpoint you wolud definatly apreceate this game, even if you have not played gunpoint this game still makes a strong case."
76561198021199012,Recommended,274230,16103936,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Derrigan,"Unforgiving, difficult and amazing.  Get Good."
,Recommended,274230,16069193,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Slowpoke,"When I first heard ""Stealth game with turn-based combat"", I was very skeptical about how that would work. But RONIN executes this idea very well. It's not turn-based in the sense that every character in the battle gets their own turn, but rather all actions play out in segments that are about a second long. Time stops in between these segments and you see red lazer sight-ish lines that show where all enemy shots/attacks will travel, and you aim your jumps to try and avoid them, while attempting to put yourself into positions that allow you to attack your enemies. It's a very interesting design idea that turns combat into a perilous touch-and-go puzzle that rewards you for planning ahead and baiting your enemies into leaving openings for you to exploit.However, this system can be both engaging and infuriating at the same time. It requires an incredible amount strategy and precision EVERY turn, and punishes you for even the slightest mistake. Fortunately, check points are frequent and I never found myself getting frustrated at how much progress I had lost, just in the sheer amount of variables you have to constantly keep track of in order to keep the battle playing out in your favor. It definitely takes some getting used to.One thing I've personally enjoyed is the amount of actual combat the game asks you to participate in, and how forgiving it is when you're spotted by an enemy. Most of the stealth games I've played have a system in place that disincentivizes engaging in hand-to-hand combat with enemies, which is fine. They are, by their nature, supposed to primarily be about stealth. But this often leaves me feeling like a coward who runs from a fair fight so he can try to ambush his opponents while their defenses are down, instead of the badass ninja you're supposed to be. But RONIN actively promotes hand-to-hand combat, and rewards you for killing all of the enemies in a level. This is obviously a personal opinion, but it is a different approach to creating challenge in a stealth game than what I've traditionally seen.If you'd like to try a brutally difficult game that has a very unique take on the stealth genre, you can't go wrong with RONIN."
76561197983237917,Recommended,274230,16065715,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,teric,"This is probably one of the best games I've played in a while.  Be warned, its hard.  Haven't come across and game breaking bugs or anything."
,Recommended,274230,16107010,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Sojobo,"I really enjoyed this game.  There are some issues/glitches with it but it's very fun.  Firstly I want to say to anyone looking for a stealth game that this isn't it.  You can stealth through portions of the game (and I would reccomend it) but it's seems more meant to help you thin the ranks before engaging full force.  This is particularly worthwhile when on the final level, where enemies abound and it's easy to get overwhelmed.The combat's very fun, and you feel totally badass while jumping and flipping, teleporting and throwing your sword, kicking enemies into mines and using guards as human shields against enemy samurai (I can't honestly tell if this is intended behavior or not, it's hard to replicate, but it feels AMAZING when you pull it off)... and that's most of the game really.  Making neat stuff happen.  It's fairly difficult, and quite often until you learn the 'rules' of movement it can be very frustrating when your character does something that it seems like he shouldn't and it gets you shot in the head.Overall I would reccomend it if you like turn based combat with a requirement to be strategic I would reccomend you pick this up.  If you want a stealth game, keep looking I'm sorry but this isn't the game for you."
76561197990384087,Recommended,274230,18480551,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Bertang,"""2 fast 4 u"" turn based edition.Amazing game. Do awesome stuff and look cool while doing it. Also, it`s the most cool and original turn-based tactics game  ever."
76561198117046172,Recommended,274230,21208432,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Elmo3000,"I've seen RONIN's creator refer to the game as a Gunpoint rip-off, but that really doesn't adequately explain what RONIN has to offer.It's also a Mark of the Ninja rip-off.I kid, somewhat, but if you're going to take inspiration, it's probably a good idea to take it from two of the best games on Steam. RONIN successfully emulates Gunpoint and Mark of the Ninja in a way that is noticeable, but sufficiently original too. Unfortunately, RONIN also takes the flaws from both of those titles, and despite being - spoiler alert - worth a purchase if you enjoyed either of those games, it also doesn't quite earn the right to be ranked amongst them.Let's start with the good. The game's art style and music are both done very well, keeping the game dark and moody, but colourful and interesting too. The controls are simple and easy to understand, and while there's a mandatory tutorial level, it's not easy to enough that it wastes one of the games 15 decently-sized levels. And if you can make it through an entire level without raising an alarm, harming a civilian, or letting an enemy escape un-stabbified, you can unlock bonus abilities, like the ability to hang enemies from ceilings, or throw your sword.But this is just stalling - the real MVP is the combat. The combat in RONIN is the kind that makes you think 'Holy crap, why has nobody else ever thought of this until now?' It's turn-based, and every turn you have to avoid to fire from enemies (helpfully highlighted thanks to the laser-sights of their guns) while making your way closer, killing them all, and stopping them from raising the alarm. You can jump, grapple, swing, attack, and after upgrades, teleport, stun, and throw your sword. Enemies are resilient enough not to die if you just knock them over a few times, but kicking them straight out of a six-storey window is just as satisfying as it sounds.While the combat system is great enough that the game understandably doesn't want you to ignore it and sneak past everyone, it can lead to a few levels that make you wonder 'Why was this tagged 'stealth'?' But what stealth there is is still wholly enjoyable, and there are a few highly-populated areas you can clear our by picking people off one at a time, with no one the wiser. And while the combat has a few annoyances - enemies are capable of shooting straight through each other while aiming at you - it's also very gratifying. Jumping into someone takes them out of the action for at least two turns, and it's possible to kick them into each other, distracting whole crowds while you get started with the killing.One trick that it's best to learn as soon as possible; if you're jumping towards an enemy, try to arc your jump so that your turn ends with you still in midair, but close enough to kill them. Every enemy will aim at your midair position, and you're free to kill your target, fall to the floor, and avoid all fire. That's all I'll give you though, you have to learn the rest yourself.As for the bad, well, as I said, the game takes its flaws from its inspirations, and, sorry to say it, amplifies them. From Gunpoint, it takes a fun, interesting concept that could let players tackle levels any way they want, but more often than not, the only path forwards is surprisingly linear. And much like Gunpoint's batteries, RONIN gives you lots of gadgets that you can unlock, but you honestly can't use them very often. The 'teleport to another nearby enemy' ability is always incredibly useful though, so I would make that a priority.From Mark of the Ninja, the game takes a New Game Plus that really doesn't need to be there. It's a nice optional feature that isn't really optional if you're looking to 100% the achievements, where you start with all of your gadgets unlocked, but enemies are more frequent, bodyguards with assault rifles can change their aim while shooting, and getting an alarm means it's game over. It's not impossible, but even though I beat the 3rd level of the 4th chapter, I honestly couldn't tell you how. Far too often on NG+ the game becomes dependent on trial and error because you're tasked with taking out 12 enemies at once, while not letting a single one count down from 9 to sound the alarm. It's extremely difficult.That being said, the only other problems that come to mind are the occasional glitch and the almost non-existent plot. Every once in a while, while using the grappling hook to zip towards a wall or ceiling, you might just go straight through the wall or the ceiling. Sometimes this is a funny surprise. Sometimes this can even be helpful. More often than not, it completely ruins your chances at a level. As for the plot, there really isn't much to talk about. There's a minimal amount of white text over a picture of some people whose faces gradually get crossed out at the beginning of every boss chapter, but it doesn't really explain anything. Am I the good guy? The bad guy? An ex-pizza-delivery girl who got disgruntled by a lack of tips? I don't know, but it doesn't have that big an effect on the game.And that's the final verdict here; a fair few problems, none of which have that big an effect on the game. I don't know if the developer plans to make a RONIN 2, but if they ever do, I'm happy enough with this game and confident enough that they'd try to improve the things that need improving that it would be an auto-buy.Bottom line; RONIN is a good game."
,Recommended,274230,16969934,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,clark.jeremiah,"I'm loving this game. Sure, the controls can be a bit janky at times, but overall it's a ton of fun.Less complicated and more combat oriented than Gunpoint. More streamlined and puzzle-like than Mark of the Ninja. It just hits a sweet spot for me where it's challenging but relatively simple, strategic but not overly fiddly.I say go ahead and try out the demo, you'll know pretty quickly whether it's for you or not. You might just love it."
,Recommended,274230,16857650,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,ConTorTion,"Not much to say. It's short inexpensive, and super fun. It is short enough that if you care about a few bucks difference you might wait for a sale, but I'm not unhappy and I bought the game day one.Turn based had me a little iffy since X-com and even Invisible Inc. tended to be a little slow moving for my tastes, but Ronin feels really good. Do yourself a favour and at least check out the demo. I completed the demo and immediately purchased the full game."
76561197987527539,Recommended,274230,16917728,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Indrigis,"RONIN is good for its price, especially since there are almost no other games like it available. It's between Mark of the Ninja and Gunpoint, taking a bit from both but never feeling too derivative.The good:* When fights work out, they feel extremely satisfying.* You can feel like a bullet-dodging ninja :D* The game isn't overloaded with unnecessary UI clutter and rules.* Quite a few segments can be done predator style, if you want to.The bad:* Sometimes you glitch through a wall, end up locked in and have to restart from checkpoint.* The lockdown mechanic feels a bit forced.* Due to the fact that movement isn't precise, many encounters will result in trial and error.* Levels are somewhat linear."
76561197976390900,Recommended,274230,17021715,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,MeMano,"Great, controls are a little clunky but you get used to it, once you are in the groove it all hangs together really well."
76561198126200825,Recommended,274230,17121674,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Atimo,"It is a very fun and challenging game! The game plus is super difficult !_! but I'm still trying (2 done, 3 to go)"
,Recommended,274230,16853898,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Mr. Jelly,"This game is outstanding. I'm not a huge fan of 2-D platformers, but this instantly became my 3rd favorite game after Driver San Francisco and Just Cause 2. I have played it a lot since yesterday when I got it. This game is pretty dificult, but not too much so that you stop playing. In a way, this is a puzzel game in the sense that you need to figure out what order you need to kill the people in, how you kill the people, where and how to enter the room, etc. Overall, RONIN is one of the best games I've ever played and will stay in my top 5 for a while"
,Recommended,274230,16867692,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,FrancisRacyne,Like gunpoint with swords
,Recommended,274230,16888839,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,nicky,"Awesome puzzle-platformer, almost feels like a sequel/spiritual successor to Gunpoint."
,Recommended,274230,17066471,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Hektor Hernández,"Its a really great game. Its pretty challenging, but insanely fun. I'd love to see this game getting a Level-Editor or something, i crave for more content.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,274230,24714076,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Creator Of The Multiverse,Great game would recomend.Then only thing I don't like is that last level due to the lack of checkpoints.
,Recommended,274230,22885073,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Shadowwolf6tails,"I bought this game expecting absolutely nothing. After three hours of constant dieing and frustration, it struck me. THIS IS GUNPOINT KILL BILL! Since kill bill is one of my favorite movies of ALL TIME I really started enjoying RONIN. The artwork and music perfectly suited the game and I really got into the groove at Club Wisegal.  The game was short and mechanics were a little glitchy but if you grab it on sale it's worth it."
,Recommended,274230,32594380,Posted: 20 June,all,jac1975asc [Frozen Spirit Jac],"If anyone has played GunPoint, well this is better. The next chapter you could sayHints and steps how to do what - right off the batControls are easy enough to learn - although no mapping - too bad for the LeftiesSound are goodMusic theme ok changes tempo from calm walk in the park, to hack'n'slash from stealthThe story basic and interesting so farOnly into the 1.4hrs so far but what I am seeing I am liking alotCons: non so far"
,Recommended,274230,16845877,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,cactusman1108,it's a good and funny game and a unique genre.
,Recommended,274230,17010322,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Wise1ce,"An amazing dynamic game. Don't let turn-based combat fool you - if the lightspeed reflexes and fighting actions per miliseconds would have its similar mechanic in game,that would be that game mechanic.I'd describe that game as strategic slaugher while dodging like 10 incoming bullet streams. No joking.And the new game plus option let you try out a whole new level of difficulty.The storyline does not reach even a page of text,but with its minimalistic style it's not what you looking for in that game.It is not the game where you kill without thinking.Later into game enemies would corner you with their fire lines,leaving you nowhereto escape their bullets if you jump around windminded.You should trick enemies before you'd be able to slice them apart,otherwise that slice would be your last before you load checkpoint once again."
,Recommended,274230,16865306,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Wutnold124,"RONIN is kind of like Gunpoint, but with a motorcycle helmet wearing ninja instead of a detective with super trousers. You run around killing people and hacking some computers. Completing a level and completing all of the goals, which are kill everybody, spare civilians, and end the mission, you get a skill point, which you can spend on a skill tree to get new skills. One of the skills lets you pull a jedi and fling your sword (if you threw it) back to you so you can grab it again.Overall, RONIN is a pretty great game."
,Recommended,274230,16978090,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,awalczak08,"Game is super stylish and dope.  There are some quirks to the movement rules, but you get used to all of that stuff with a little practice.  The music in some key parts of the game is freaking fantastic.  At least give the demo a try."
,Recommended,274230,16839723,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Rad dad 44,Fun but short. Very dificult in some points but never frustrating. New game + adds in some real ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t though.
,Recommended,274230,16885722,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Endlessduckness,"This is one of those games, where you are a weakling, who dies from one hit but that shouldn't bother you, when you can hang, slice, stun and jump on enemies while dodging all you can. Mastering the gameplay is rewarding, but it takes a while.Relative Killing Simulator 2015 does offer many funny experiences, that include teleporting through walls and buildings.10/10 would hang guards again"
,Recommended,274230,16832744,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,WispyMouse,"This game made me feel clever for taking out enemies before a fight, talented for balancing my position amid the crossfire, and cool for being a ninja. It's fast paced while still being thoughtful. Certain moments shine more than others, and after I got sword recall the game became very different - I started throwing my sword to later use as a boomerang. I ran through it in about four hours, completing each ""bonus"" objective.Finished the base game, did not do new game plus. Highly recommended."
76561198106977283,Recommended,274230,16837780,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,re_kindled,"RONIN is a simple yet effective game -- every stage is a puzzle and every fight is an even more complicated puzzle. You jump above, below and between bullet lines and line up kills in a way that's easy to learn, yet difficult to master. The controls are a bit finicky, so take some time learning where everything is. Expect to die often.Replayability is pretty decent, but content is a bit lacking since there are only 15 stages and three types of enemies. Also, the story isn't presented all that well.Overall, you should get it if you like Gunpoint, puzzles and interesting combat -- if not, you should still get it, but maybe when on sale."
76561198055435657,Recommended,274230,17000360,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,the_stines,While the perk system can be rather frustrating it is so satisfying to dodge bullets and slash rich ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. I agree there needs to be a way to deal with civilians it goes create a great badass feeling when you have slaughtered a small army of guards and the workers have no idea anything happened. The game is alot more enjoyable when you focus on completing the side objectives otherwise you can't get upgrades.
,Recommended,274230,17010164,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,H.R,"this game so challenge with super stealth mode n i just have 1 left boss chaper ""the final"" in 7 hours playing.9.2/10"
,Recommended,274230,17072560,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,TheProtomanBlues,HOLY F*** THIS IS GOOD
,Recommended,274230,20315321,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,A$AP Newell,"1. Play Gunpoint, it is better than this2. This game involves intricate slow motion combat and desperately needs a way to see what the fight looks like in real time because that would be awesome3. Pretty repetitive4. A lot of difficulty comes from not being able to do exactly what you want to do, a sign of poor mechanics5. Regardless of the points above this is a very cool game and I enjoyed it"
,Recommended,274230,29804781,Posted: 9 February,all,dewbertb,"I have probably spent way too much time in this game -- but what can I say, other than sayng that I really like this little turn-based ninja gem! The enemies can react (aim) differently and the mechanics are simple & straightforward making this game fun!! My only complaint is that the game is real short. I wish the developers did a prequel of Ronin's life / activities before the fallout in this game.Give this game a try if you like katana-wielding, revenge-fueled ninja assassins (like the ""Kill Bill"" movies) with a slight sci-fi edge!!"
76561198029152142,Recommended,274230,25954434,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,NargiTheMrNooB,"If you liked Ginpoit, then this id little bit different but still very enjoyable. Last level is a bit spike in a dificulty but doable.Full game last about 5 hours."
76561198048672986,Not Recommended,274230,29974312,Posted: 16 February,all,Qu2,"This game has a lovely aesthetic and a very cool central mechanical idea. The point innovation is that when you enter combat, it becomes turn-based, presumably with the idea that you can plan ahead more effectively and have fun with strategy. The plot, such as it is, is minimal but neatly incorporated and fits well with the cyberpunk/noir aesthetic.I want to love this game. But it let's itself down horribly in the execution.The controls are complete rubbish. They are difficult to learn, have a mind of their own, and non-customisable (as far as I can tell). Any planning in the combat is destroyed by hwo unpredictable the results of your actions are. You can't use the pauses in time to be the omnipotent ninja, effectively surviving in extreme odds, because you have very little idea what will happen next. This makes what should be challenging difficulty punishing and is made all the worse by the fact that you can't save at mid-level checkpoints (with all of the re-tries, you'll each level can take quite a while).It's very disappointing, because a few weeks of playtesting would have improved this game immeasurably. The problems it has are not difficult to fix. Worse, the ""hints"" indicate the developer knew these problems at release (things like ""the jump arc is a lie""). The game insists it's not a stealth game, but has several levels where stealth is essentially mandatory. Much more time iterating the level design would also have been good. Right now many of them feel more like puzzles, where you have to figure out the developer's one-true-solution, rather than interesting encounters for you to approach as you find them.Such a shame."
,Not Recommended,274230,24100142,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,arcanum.zero,"I really want to like Ronin.  Its concept is unique and its presentation polished.  But its gameplay leaves something to be desired.  Its controls lack precision, and communication with the player is imperfect at best.One of the ubiquitous ""helpful hints"" the game gives you continuously is ""The jump arc is a lie,"" which is really the sort of thing that ought to be established up front and in detail rather than as a one-line random hint.  Sometimes the game will not let you project a jump arc onto a surface, obviously preventing you from jumping at all.  Other times it will let you project an arc, but when you attempt the jump you will be interrupted by the corner of a platform or an enemy.In hindsight these limitations make sense, but in practice they are enormously frustrating, and representative of the sort of difficulty, rather than challenge, that the desigers of Ronin programmed into the game.  Because it is obviously intentional -- this is not a game that is rough-edged because of oversight or laziness.  Ronin is a game that is rough-edged because its developers wanted it to be rough-edged.By the time you are ten or so levels into the game, you will probably begin to understand how to do what you want to do in Ronin perfectly every time, using the tools the designers have given you.  But if you have the will to get that far you are a more patient gamer than me.  Ronin is a whole lot of stick and not nearly enough carrot.  It's not that I hated the game -- I just don't care enough about it to keep trying to play it successfully."
76561198024410063,Not Recommended,274230,25645974,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Silence,"I was playing the game and loving it, but for how hard it can get, the somewhat broken predictions for where I'll land totally ruin much of the game for me.If it says ""You'll land ON the wall ABOVE the enemy gun fire"" and I land on the GROUND, directly WITHIN the enemy gun fire... it punishes me with dying for what was a perfectly fine tactic."
,Not Recommended,274230,25682701,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Estoppel,"I wrote a massive huge review for this game but it didn't go through for some reason.I'm too lazy to write it again, so I'll sum-up.>Great mechanics>Except the game lies in the where you will actually go>Causes many deaths>I'm a Dark Souls player, and the final level made me want to commit seppuku in frustration>It's like 2-3 hours for (normally) $13USD>Really wanted to like it>Did like it>But then final level made all the flaws rerally show>Do not buy."
,Recommended,274230,17344518,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,bluejay117,"At the start I thought this game was going to be a story based stealth game. It was none of those. It can be very frustraiting at the start where you have to do every single side objective to get a skill point. I only got sword throw, suriken stun, and decoy but I only really needed the first 2. Thats not to say at all thats it a bad game. Its like hotline miami, you die over and over until you get it right and feel awsome about it. The lack of story makes it frustraiting at times but in the end. I felt content. (When I got the good ending). I gladly give it a 8/10."
,Recommended,274230,16954578,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,GDwarf,"I have to say, Ronin didn't make a great first impression. I found the controls clunky and hit a glitch that caused me to teleport randomly around levels. Then the first patch hit. I don't know if it did anything to the controls, or if I just got the hang of them, but it solved the teleporting glitch, which allowed me to really get into the game, and I'm glad I did. It's very fun.The game plays like a cross between Gunpoint and Super-Hot, both games I love, and the fusion works. The influence of Gunpoint is obvious, the general aesthetic, the side-view planned jumping, the occasional stealth elements...all are clearly inspired by that game, and all are implemented quite well here. Super-Hot comes in to the combat, which is turn-based. Unlike what ""turn-based"" usually brings to mind, though, you don't go to a seperate screen where people stand around and hit each other in order. Instead, when combat starts you move a set distance (or perform an action) and then enemies get their turn to do the same. This repeats until either they or you are dead. It's *incredibly* addicting, and results in you carefully planning out complex series of moves to kill an entire room of gun-wielding thugs while only wielding a sword.It's not a perfect game, but it's an incredibly fun one, that manages to tell a story in only 20 lines of text and one picture. Its developer deserves praise, and I eagerly look forwards to anything else they might do."
76561197995732863,Recommended,274230,16963094,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Internecivus,"Holy...I don't think I've been so addicted to a game since Transistor.  Such a challanging game, even at the early level's it forces you to think two step's ahead.  Like watching yourself play chess but way less boring.Yes there are more strategic games, there are better platformers, there are games that are better looking, but  have kept me playing as much as Ronin has.  10/10 Would die again."
,Recommended,274230,16065126,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Zeo Mause,"My Rating: 8.9 (Very Great)--------------------------------------------------------------------Description of Rating: Honestly, this game is very good. I have a strong liking toward this game, even though it is very hard to complete. It has that amazing tactics, the mechanics of the game is great. Has the flow of the game Gunpoint, which these type of games are creative and fun."
76561198061768476,Recommended,274230,16513830,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Areetsa,"""Turn-based ninja"" is a strange sort of description, but they managed to make it work.It's a game about dodging between bullets, swinging from the ceiling, kicking goons in very nice suits out of tenth-story windows and dying because throwing your sword at a dude, while cool, isn't always the best choice.There's the occasional bug, but save points are frequent and given how often you die- to surprises, miscalculations and simple stupidity -they're not much of an issue.There's a fair few reviews mentioning things like stealth or things which weren't in the version I played; I'm inclined to think it's a misapprehension.People hear ""ninja"" and think ""stealthy murder"" when it's really more like ""Kill Bill"". There IS stealthy murder, but it's an occasional thing, usually so that you'll be able to go loud later on without worrying about being machinegunned from four directions simultaneously.It WAS hard, but I didn't especially notice it at the time; too busy having fun."
,Recommended,274230,16543831,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Ram,I got it because gunpoint was great.There's a gunpoint reference.The game is pretty hard.10/10
76561198046214149,Recommended,274230,16746960,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,And then I said,"This is not a stealth game, This is not Gunpoint, You cannot turn off these hints.This actually all very good advice, Ronin is not about making a plan of how to get to the top floor without being seen, it's not about discovering the truth of a mystery without making noise.  It's exactly what a tale of a Ronin should be, revenge, destruction, and badassery.Your best bet is to go with the flow in this game, use your rope to smash through the window and cut the guard by the entrance in half. No one noticed you? Hang half of the others from the ceiling, but then you get spotted by the super speed samuri! Jump next to the window, then jump away and watch him hilariously throw himself out the building to fall to his death after hitting some electrified wires. Your turn stops with you hanging in midair, you throw your sword at the guy at the far end of the room and land infront of another. You summon your sword to you and it flies into his back!  Launch yourself to the wall to avoid the stream bullets from the guard with the submachine, wait a turn, then cackle evily as you now have two whole turns to finish hims off any way you want becuase now he has to reload and then reaquire you. Jump to him and use your grappling hook to close in... but another default guard sees you and your rope swing doesn't clear his aim. A single tiny bullet hits and you fall to the ground clutching your wound.The guards will come better equipped with all sorts of gadgets weapons and abilities, but all it takes is a single bullet to kill you. The really good news is that you get a checkpoint every time you enter or exit a room. this means plenty of retries that don't force you to comeback across the map, because there is going to be that room that takes 20 tries. You may get respawned dead center of all the guards, but that's because it was the only entrance to the room.Your biggest advantage is that Ronin is turn based, plan where your gonna go and who you slice next with all the time in the world. Your turn can even (and often) end with you in midair with a nice selection of methods to dispose of the baddies. The skills can only be activated by action points, and the action points can only be acquired from stunning and killing enemies. At five points you trigger limit break wich resets your points but gives you a whole extra turn, which could be a godsend as that was all you needed to tackle the annoying guard about to set the alarm. Or it could be really annoying as sword throwing would have been really more helpful at the moment.Your skills are granted points for completing these optional objectives:-Killing all enemies; not a stealth game, you can be stealthy, but loud is suprisingly more fun and rewarding-No alarms; there isn't a guard standing next to the magic game over button, you have 8 turns to at the least get his attention-Kill no civillians; this is where your stealth play is pretty much most used, simply avoid lights to dodge the chatting civvies in some sort of puzzle fashionSpending your skill points will mold how you paly the game, deciding which you will get more use out of is frustrating, especially when there is so many cool choices.As for downsides, (to this fantastic game!):-The transition between combat turns and roaming can be disorienting. You can use the pause button at any time, but if you use it when you thought you entered a room unoticed and press it right as combat starts you may think you're still roaming and lose that valuable first turn since it's your skip turn button during combat. Or think it's still combat and not notice the guard calling the alarm isn't paused, the pause button and time pause for jumping can save you there sometimes.-The objective for almost every mission leading to the bosses is go to the computers and press the button to auto hack. Some other challenges would have been nice. Since making your way through the building and guards is the main challenge and often very different and fun, that one should slide.-The optional objectives are also all the same. They feel more like requirements since that's how your skill points are earned, and you NEED those skill points. Minibosses and optional fullfilment objectives could have spiced things up.-As mentioned the limit break ""extra turn"" can be very unhelpful in certain situations. The mechanic will add a layer to tactics, but an accidental stun can lose that sword toss you really needed and that will cause you some gray hairs more than onceAll in all, I loved this game. It's not to hard, not to easy. It's nice to see someone create an action game that doesn't sell off of hype or humor. Ronin tells you what it is, and does it very well. I'll even say it, I had more fun with this than gunpoint, and I loved gunpoint.-9/10-Minus one point because the ""optional objectives"" don't feel very ""optional"" or ""objective"", some more creative optional objectives would have been fun."
,Recommended,274230,16366626,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Franck Lagora,"This game is cool. This game make me a ninja, a real one, just like  imagined I will be :Unaffected by gravity, wearing helmet, and katana handler.Challenges can be somewhat difficult, but be smart, or dare going smashing :)"
,Recommended,274230,16486625,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Uncle Jesse,"This game blew me away.  I played it all the way through and took my time on it. If you liked Mark of the Ninja, deeply, get this game.  It's basicaly Mark of the Ninja ---if Mark of the Ninja were action based instead of stealth based.  It makes you feel LETHAL.It also takes ""turn based"" style to a new level.  At least, I Have never seen turn based play out the way they did it here."
,Recommended,274230,16667451,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Sink,Fun game.
,Recommended,274230,16039682,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,itsderik,"I am very happy to say that I have finally been able to play this game without any crashes!It has become clear that the game has been developed very professionaly as the graphics and gameplay are very sharp and provocative.However, the combat is still slightly difficulty (this may just be my controller though! :D).A great improvement to the game that I pre-purchased."
76561198067843732,Recommended,274230,24312327,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Baron Fuji,"First off, I want to say that this game got me to invest enough time into it to complete it 100%. Yes that includes the NEW GAME PLUS mode and all Steam Achievements despite barely having over 12 hours put into it.PROSUnique mashup of stealth, combat, and tactical thinkingTalent tree that helps customize early game playstyle (Eventually unlock everything)SImple yet engaging artstyleMultiple ways to complete objectives (Some work better than others)Hazards and enemy selections are consistently introduced throughout gameLearning curve isn't steep. Easy to learn, hard to execute perfectlyCONSBugs, glitches, and the like are commonPrice a bit iffy.Levels can be downright infuriatingGame itself is shortSUMMARYYou start off as a young woman on a mission of revenge. Exposition of the world and her backstory are given mainly through short intros and dialogue between missions. There isn't much story besides that.The gameplay itself is something refreshing, mixing together 'beat em up' aspects with stealth and careful planning. However, this is not purely a stealth game as the branding on this may seem. You will have to engage in open combat many times in order to properly play this game. You will also die, manyMANYtimes. Enemy patterns and behaviors are learned through experience. You'll die to them and learn from it. These patterns can be exploited later to your advantage and are usually reliable enough to do so consistently. However, as a result of this, interactions with enemies can seem really repetitive, especially if you're stuck on a level and don't change your tactics or try coming in from a different angle.Mostof your time playing won't be on new levels, but rathe on the same ones trying new things out. On a similiar note, the soundtrack suffers from this repetition. While not bad, it can get dull after hearing it for the 30th time.Bugs popped into gameplay during my personal experience. A handful of times I phased through a wall and out of the map after grappling to it, and other times enemies would spot me despite being compltely out of sight. A majority of the game, however, was perfectly fine. Yet it does seem that a large amount of other players are reporting more bugs than what I witnessed.CONCLUSION (TL:DR)This game brings something new to the table in the form of its turnbased stealth combat system, yet the game itself is pretty short. Great concept with adequate gameplay to back it up that requires patience, timing, and skill. Bugs are present and probably will not be fixed as the last update was a year ago. Can be repetitive at times.I recommend this game when it's on sale."
76561198055145870,Recommended,274230,17530032,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,jdjorke,Tricky
,Recommended,274230,17553744,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,FadedEchos,"I loved the basic ideas of Ronin, turned based combat on a sidescrolling field, and it is implemented very well here, with some fun abilities to boot. But it'snot perfect, and feels like it was overly simplistic when there was potential for much more.My few concerns:-It felt short.-There was no need for most abilities.I decided to write this review while playing the final level, which has a really cool mechanic only featured there, and plays the best out of every level in the game free from the side-goals you need to fulfill for skill points. It really showed the potential of this game style, and what the rest of the game could have been."
,Recommended,274230,17514733,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,awokenkyoger,"Short, but satisfying. I loved playing through it, and has a nice challenge to it. it has a lot of replay value, I replayed it 3 times."
,Recommended,274230,17534899,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,The Dome,"Imagine gunpoint with more murder, fully functioning cool combat, longer story, and a ton more difficult.I love it to bits"
76561198046293303,Recommended,274230,16854907,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Bambi's Mom,"It's a game you'll hate playing, but for some reason can't stop playing.You play as a mysterious heroine who comes straight out of Hotline Miami to avenge her father's work related death by systematically slaughtering his co-workers and countless innocent bodyguards being paid minium wage. Because you know, clearly those people killed your father.Initially, you'll enjoy yourself leaping from building to building until you realize that the jump controls don't always work and that the enemies you fight against have not only the hacks to shoot through walls, but also the paranoia of Payday's security.Top it off with the fact that you'll find yourself hopping back and forth as the guards play ""Hot Potato"" with the Lockdown timer and you soon degrade into nothing more than a ruthless psychopath hellbent on slaughtering anyone in a suit and lab uniform...or who just happens to look like Robo-Cop. Though, your character's sanity is questionable to begin with.Much like a serial killer, you're poetic enough to stab your rivals up close and personal, and have no qualms with ensuring that every single civilian that holds a gun is immediatley eviscerated into bloody, pixelated ribbons for your sadistic pleasure.Perfectionists will love this game as there are points where you simply have to remember the approximate random distance to make a jump. Or suffer random spikes where you'll simply hold the pause button in the middle of a machine gun firefight as you realize there's no way out and your luddite of a lunatic is finally getting a dose of modern weaponry from guys who looks like rejects in Robo-Cop.Of course, if you still get past that, you'll begin questioning the architectural lunacy that makes the most absurd buildings and platforms you've ever seen. Then again, these are the bad guys. You're just the Katana-Crazy Femme Fatale whose had it with being an only child and seeks to reek havoc and drive a motorbike at speeds that'll make even Batman jealous.All in all though, it's a challenging game and perhaps with more fixes, it can be better."
76561198067363349,Recommended,274230,23978077,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Ethereal Vision,"I was a really big fan of Gunpoint so when I saw Ronin come up in my queue I knew I wanted to play it. The controls were clumsy at points and it was definitely challenging at others but it was 100% worth every penny. The flow of the combat makes you feel just... RAD! I'll definitely be playing through the NewGame+Loved the game, hoping for another. :)"
,Recommended,274230,16852146,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Yorkin,"Very fun, addicting, stylish strategy/action game!  Doesn't seem to be very long, but still well worth the price."
,Recommended,274230,17215848,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Iron Leonem,"There isn't often an occasion to utter the following words, so I take great joy in being able to say them: Ronin is a GOOD, UNIQUE game! I wanted to start by saying that, because at least for me, that's all I need to hear.Ronin is about a heroine seeking justice for atrocities a criminal syndicate comitted against her. You don't see much story for the interesting puzzle-esque combat system, which for some may be a detriment, but for me, it's more of a ""Hey, you go ahead and play. The story will be here if you're interested. The graphics are simple but fun, and well executed.The gameplay is an interesting offspring of platforming and stealth, but Ronin is no stealth game. Nor is it particularly a platformer, either. You run around in active time, until enemies engage you in combat. You then take turns moving and jumping to knock down and eventually kill your enemies with samurai movie esque violence. The puzzle is in planning your moves to keep the enemies off their feet, and avoiding their convenient laser reticules indicating impending violence.There are a few cons. The game's menu could use a usability pass... It's difficult to realize, especially with their color scheme, that there's a whole skill and menu system with perks to add to your character. That being said, the level up perks are really fun and interesting! The only other mild flaw I found was if you're working on an extremely high resolution, the menu doesn't function properly. I assume this bug will be fixed, though.Good:* Unique gameplay* Fun and interesting puzzle mechanics* Combat is highly stylized and very satisfying* Suprisingly deep combat system under the hood.Bad:* In need of a usability pass* Some technical issues with menusUgly:* The body count and property damage of level 3.Over all, well worth the money and a chunk of your time."
76561198089186528,Recommended,274230,32484474,Posted: 16 June,all,Pinky,This game is awesome!But it has some weaknises like some incosistent or rather stupid rules.Aside from that there a epic fights and skills as well as a cool ninja-atmosphere.And it is worth playing twice since NG+ changes enemy behaviour.Tipp:Use mouse and spacebar to perform awesome stunts outside of battle.If you hold spacebar you can throw your sword inside a room and other awesome stuff.That helped me a lot to clear the game in NG+
,Recommended,274230,16926529,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,I hate RPG,"the UI of this game is little bit unideal, but highly recommandable.something like turn-based puzzle with RONIN-style action"
,Recommended,274230,16924113,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,That Cat,"Ronin is a very unique game in that it's a sort of turn-based action platformer.I would personally recommend it due to have much of a unique game it is, despite any similarities to Gunpoint. There are a few things that would make it an even better game, such as being able to know exactly where you would be once you make a move, or being able to know if doing a certain action will kill you. A level editor would also give this game some fantastic replayability as, in its current state, the game is unfortunately rather short.  I completed it in about 4 hours or so.Unfortunately the dev has mentioned that unless this sells 100k copies, a level editor is highly unlikely. This is a great shame as I feel it would add so much more and give players a chance to really experiment with the unique gameplay mechanics that Ronin offers.For its price, though, Ronin is a fantastic little game that offers a unique experience you won't find anywhere else, not even in Gunpoint.Pick it up!"
,Recommended,274230,16919680,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Jethro-TPF-*LoF*,"It's like Gunpoint and Mark of the Ninja had a baby that rebelled by forgetting all that ""leaving people alive"" baloney."
76561198095345002,Recommended,274230,18538482,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,•҉Rosy,"I certainly wouldn't say Ronin is endless hours of entertainment, but the 10 or so hours you'll get out of it are action packed and epic."
,Not Recommended,274230,32221983,Posted: 6 June,all,Fangsteel,"While the concept of the game is pretty awesome, the execution leaves a lot to be desired. The real struggle is simply getting the controls to work and 50% of the time you won't be able to. Controls horribly on a gamepad and equally bad on a keyboard. A real disappointment."
76561198004204982,Recommended,274230,19170148,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Magma Bunny,"Stylish stealth murder simulator and turn based action rampage. (Stealth is theoretically optional, but not sneaking around picking off straglers from time to time makes combat sections far more difficult.)-Story-The story in Ronin is a straightforward revenge mission with not a lot new to say, and I LIKE that the game really OWNS that. They waste no time telling you things you can readily assume, or that you just don't need to know. If you are interested in this game, then you know the tropes already. You can just jump into the action and fill in the blanks yourself.-Gameplay-The first few missions are easy enough, and give you a chance to get some starting ninja skills in your arsenal. A ninja must be sneaky and thorough. Allowing someone to notice evidence of your presence without actively threatening them starts them phoning for help, so stray bullets alerting the next room are almost as bad as them hitting you. Eventually you'll start encountering large rooms where enemies guard eachother from all angles, and even from neighboring buildings. Planning and trickery are required to thin their numbers down to manageable levels before you reveal your presence and start turn-based combat. The difficulty ramps up suddenly in a few places, but fortunately the automatic checkpoints are generous.-Controls-The game's controls do take a little getting used to, and when you drop into turn based combat you lose some of the flexibility you enjoyed moving around in real time. That can make certain movement tricks difficult or impossible once the bullets start flying. The jump arc indicator does not take the loss of momentum from crashing into enemies into account, and jumping to corners can leave you in unexpected positions. I also experienced a few places where the grappling hook triggered clipping problems, and I ended up on the opposite side of the ceiling from where I wanted to be. Not ideal, but overall manageable.There is a downside to the game being so light on text: some of the more subtle mechanics are not obvious. They make complete sense in retrospect, but not having them pointed out is a learning curve. For instance, I see some reviewers have complained that the enemy AI is inconsistent about when they can spot you or not, and that seems to be because those people have not noticed or understood the light/darkness mechanic. A ninja in the dark is undetectable, and an enemy in the dark is easy to pick off. Only by standing in the light do the poor guards have any hope of having the alarm raised and their murder avenged. Fits the ninja theme perfectly, but only obvious in hindsight. Perhaps an addition to the ""very helpful hints"" could be patched in.-Sound-The music is a joy. It fits well with the changing level of action, and doesn't get old even after hours of hearing the same loops. I do wish more of the chapter finales had music as sweet as Chapter 2.-Time/replayability-Ronin is a bit on the short side, though not upsettingly so, and I don't know if that is a problem. If the game went on much longer, its sparse story and simple mechanics might start to drag. If you want more of a challenge, or just more game, there is always the New Game Plus. There are a few more enemy spawns, and you get to keep your unlocked skills to be a total badass. A second playthrough doesn't start out much different, except that if the alarm is raised at all you fail the mission entirely instead of just that side objective. It's only when you start encountering large numbers of the upgraded machine-gunners that it feels like the difficulty really ramps up."
76561198012184180,Not Recommended,274230,19960323,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Shaquille O'Feel,"At the time of writing this review, I had about twenty minutes dedicated to this game. The number one thing I have to say about this game is; It is not that bad. Seriously it's not. But the reason I do not recommend Ronin is because it feels like a flash game. No kidding. The mechanics are awesome, but the story and one note levels are those that you'd expect from something off of Kongregate. Like I said before, the game is not horrible. It could use a lot of work though. A whole lot."
,Recommended,274230,19576227,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Alikspool,"This is definitely a gem of a game.  It's not your everyday stealth game, in fact the game hints say quite the opposite, you should just kill 'em all!This game mixes and matches styles like turn based run and jump gun dodging mechanics as well as cutthroat slashing and stealth kills.  From start to finish I enjoyed this game, and I'm having fun on my second playthrough right now!This is definitely a hidden gem, pick it up and the soundtrack right now!"
,Not Recommended,274230,31891022,Posted: 21 May,all,RindFisch,"I have never seen a game where the distance between concept and execution is as far apart as in RONIN.A turnbased Hotline Miami-style game, with the same viceral feel but challenging your brain instead of your reflexes?Sign me up! As much as I love the instadeath-reflex gauntlet games, I'm actually not that great at them, so this sounded perfect.But the execution...So much wasted potential, so many infuriating design mistakes, such an awful, AWFUL control scheme...This game will make you rage, but not the Dark Souls-like cathartic rage of ""Damn, I almost had that boss"", but the infuriating rage of ""Damn, why did you jump there, that's not what I pressed!""To give just a short list of those keyboard wrecking instances:- The game is only turn based if the enemies initiate combat. The only way for you to initiate combat is to click on a ""kill"" button that appears below the enemy fast enough to not get shot.- You can't move in turn-based mode apart from jumping. Want to climb up that ledge? Too bad.- You can't control the length of your jump. Only need a short hop? Too bad.- You can't directly aim where you want to jump. The jump indicator moves according to your mouse movements, but even after 2 hours of play, I have to wiggle around and guess where the game needs me to put the cursor to jump where I want.- You can jump through plattforms, but not land on them then. Want to jump to a higher plane? Well, you have to go around and jump on it from the side. Or kill an enemy on it mid-jump, because that mysteriously works...- Enemy shooting lines are very rough estimates at best. You can totally jump right into one and survive or not touch one and still get hit.- Jump indicators as well as your sword throw indicators are rough estimates as well. You can totally hit a miniscule piece of geometry and land at a completely different place than what was indicated.- If you jump next to an enemy, you will jump kick him, which might alter your jump trajectory. Or it might not. There's no way to know beforehand.- Killing an enemy forces you into the same kill animation no matter where you stand. Killed an enemy while under him? If there is a bullet to his left, you're dead, because that's where the animation will place you.- Enemy accuracy and reload time seems random, so killing an enemy often boils down to bunnyhopping on top of him until the other enemies miss / reload so that you can spend a turn for the kill without dying. Rinse. Repeat.- The indicator if you finish a jump in one turn or need another is also just a rough estimate, you can totally make some jumps in one turn the game claims will take two, while you will randomly die because the game keeps you a millimeter from a wall it claimed your would reach.- You can ""cancel"" your jump indicator, but not the ""jump mode"", so if you bring up the jump indicator, you HAVE to jump. The game doesn't let you walk again, even if you cancel out of it.- Want skill points? You'll need the optional objectives, including no alarms. Enemies will randomly grab a radio and give you a count down until you failed. Sometimes getting into their field of view makes them shoot you again. Sometimes you have to knock them down. 2 enemies at opposite ends of a large room randomly grab their radios at the same time? Congrats, you lose.- Want to finish a jump started last round? There's no button for that. You actually have to take the grappling hook and then NOT grapple anything. Surrounded by things close enough to grapple? Too bad.This is just of the top of my head.I love the concept, but even most beta builds I have played have been more polished than this.This isn't indie, this is a half-finished proof of concept."
,Not Recommended,274230,23260073,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,FearlessJDK,There is a lot to love about Ronin. It has a really excellent astethic. Good music. Intersting mechanics.But it does two things that really really bother me.#1. You have to finish an entire level in one sitting. The checkpoints only save in a game session. Sometimes I get frustrated and want to play something else. Give it a break. Can't do that.#2. The game has no real tutorial or explenation of it's mechanics. I don't mind learning. But I'm probably doing some things sub-optimally because I've not been instructed properly.
,Recommended,274230,32947324,Posted: 28 June,all,CozyChicken,Nothing much to say Devolver Digital is the king of 2D games. Play and see your own
76561198013127756,Recommended,274230,16033420,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Conman540,"I've only played a little of this game, and I have to say, it's really well made. It's fun, fluid, and is easy to run for computers with low specs. I would recommend this game to anyone who likes Gunpoint or stealth games."
,Not Recommended,274230,16232312,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Dead Panic,"This game got so frustrating with it's inconsistent rules that I had to uninstall. You can bust a window out in one level and no one will hear anything, Then you bust out a window and some guy two levels below you can hear you and now the game's difficulty is way too high and eventually just starts being unfair. Won't be playing this game again until it's out of early access and the first update has been made.Set your rules and don't abuse them just to put pressure on the player."
,Recommended,274230,16878791,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,KENDY,"เป็นแนวเกมที่ผมชอบมากๆเช่น Gunpoint ซึ่งเกมนี้ก็ไม่ค่อยต่างกันแต่เพิ่มเติมระบบมากมายเช่น การหยุดเวลากลางอากาศหรือบนพื้นดิน,Skill มากมาย และอีกมากมายแต่เมื่อเทียบกันกับ Gunpoint แล้วเกมนี้ยากกว่ามากและเนื้อเรื่องก็เยอะกว่าและระบบกราฟฟิก ภาพ ในเกมดีกว่าเห็นๆ[สำหรับใครที่อยากรู้เนื้อเรื่องลองหาดูหรือซื้อแบบ Digital Special Edition ดูนะครับ]9/10"
,Recommended,274230,17039189,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,[EMPIRE] BAGELMENSK,"Short game, low price, amazing mechanics, lackluster story.All in all, totally worth it, new game plus gave me a run for my money a lot of the time."
76561198010260505,Recommended,274230,16879315,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Madman,"A bit short but fun, feels like gunpoint but without hacking and with functional combat."
76561198000759009,Recommended,274230,17035911,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Nightfire,OMG The music is awesome
76561197996621035,Recommended,274230,22857224,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Serelius,Pretty fun game!  You need to get the skill ups!
,Recommended,274230,16984592,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Armin T. Westonbirt,"A solid concept hampered by petty nigles. None of them a dealbreaker but could definitely use improvements.The core concept is to be a ninja out for revenge and bash people with your sword in turn based badass one-shot kill combat while otherwise moving in reak time. This is indeed as satisfying as it sounds. And it sounds good too. And looks good, with a nice clean palette and smooth animations (outside of the 30 FPS cap).Outside of the length, the main problems reside in debatable design choices, like for example having your skill progression tied to repetitive and occasionally trollish secondary objectives. Level design is also unequally good and IMO lacks additional mechanics ; it is essentially hampered by the simplicity of the core gameplay. The transition into combat from stealth is also occasionally jarring with K&M.But as I said, none of it is a dealbreaker and the concept is new and well executed enough to warrant a look."
,Recommended,274230,29353095,Posted: 19 January,all,Dan Peculiar,"RONINNot Gunpoint, Honest!Developer: Tomasz WacławekYear: 2015Genre: Action, Stealth(?), Sci FiFranchise: N/AEngine: GameMaker StudioTL;DRThis is a hard one. RONIN, being the first major effort by a single developer, is a psuedo-stealth game set in futuristic Japan. While I recommend this game, it's with several caveats:Firstly, get it on sale. Don't let my playtime fool you, a startlingly large amount of that was simply replaying the levels, as certain levels have ludicrously long gaps between checkpoints. Playing effectively, the game and its New Game Plus feature can be completed in 15-20 hours. This, combined with the irritating bugs -more on those later- does not add up to 16 New Zealand Dollars of value as far as I'm concerned.Speaking of New Game Plus, Caveat 2 is Don't do it. NG+ is not a fun challenge, it's not a way of seeing new content, it's just frustrating. Trust me, the achievement isn't worth it.Finally, Don't compare this game to Gunpoint, you'll only disappoint yourself. Now this may seem strange coming from a guy who started this review with a Gunpoint joke, but I only bring it up because of the game's insecure desire to actively distance itself from the Tom Francis classic. One of the first tooltips you get actively states ""This isn't Gunpoint"".  I genuinely wouldn't have made the connection if the dev hadn't brought it up, as apart from the 2d perspective and jump arc mechanic, the two games are thematically, visually and mechanically very different.With all this said, you should buy this game if you get a chance. If it drops by 33% or greater or you can find it in a bundle, then go for it. There's a good game in amongst all of my issues, its just... Shy.REVIEWStory:This game and a story go together like a can of Pepsi Max and Steve Buscemi, in that you probably could find a connection but it really isn't worth the effort. You, a motorcycle gear-clad ninja (Not a samurai, oddly enough) must hunt and kill the members of a corporation who were responsible for ruining your birthday party or something. It really doesn't matter, it's all just an excuse for a sequence of identical missions in slightly different backdrops. Each loop goes like this: Intel Gathering, Intel Gathering, Intel Gathering, Boss Fight (Sometimes with bonus Intel Gathering!) Eventually, if you can be bothered, you beat this vicious cycle and struggle through a final level that's equal parts frustrating and disappointing. What is your reward, you ask? Oh, well a couple of achievements and a picture of a photograph. That is, unless you get the ""Bad End"", in which case you get... 2 achievements and a picture of the same photograph, but burnt this time. The story is barebones to say the least, and in general that's fine. However, the protagonist's monologue leading upto the endgame indicate that we'll get some sort of satisfying payoff, a sign that the Ronin can give up on her vengeance or something like that. Instead, we get a picture of a photo of a bunch of characters that were never developed. You'll forgive my disappointment. 4/10Graphics:Yay, something I like. The slick, hyperstylised thin line cartoon aesthetic is gorgeous, and Tomasz's prior animation experience really shines through. Everything from the running animations to the protagonist's idle head turns are well crafted. One issue is the frame rate. The game is locked at 30 fps and frequently dips below, rendering all of the animation more or less worthless. But, even with these dips the game looks great, with scenery and background design being above average as well. 7/10Gameplay:This is the really frustrating bit. When this game works, it works. To plagiarise Totalbiscuit, you get to experience a cool ninja power fantasy, and that's great. Who doesn't want to be able to Matrix jump around, clearing a room full of gunmen using only your Katana and your Ninja Skillz (Patent Pending)? No-one, that's who. The issue is, more often than not this power fantasy turns into a wrestling match against some awkward and downright deceptive controls. I don't know, maybe I should have been tipped off by the fact that one of the tooltips out and out told me that ""The Jump Arc is a Lie"". The fact that Tomasz put this quip in the game indicates one of two worrying possibilities: Either he didn't notice the issues with the mechanic -which appear at least once every level to varying degrees of lethality- or he noticed, but just didn't bother to fix the issues. I'm not sure which would be worse. The Jump arc sometimes displays a safe path, ony to deliver you into the path of danger. Did I say sometimes? I meant often. In addition, I must restate my position on the game's NG+: DON'T. It's the same levels, but with more enemies arbitrarily crammed in for... a challenge? One level in particular left me screaming at my screen, and could only be accomplished with 40+ attempts, several guides and LITERALLY EXPLOITING THE GAME. I played New Game Plus so that you don't have to. Instead of spending the time on that, why not learn coding? That way you could get a practical skill and potentially find a way to cheat youself the NG+ achievement. Overall, the gameplay is a disappointing 5.5/10Overall:I must echo the thoughts of many other Steam Reviewers: There really should be an option between Recommend and Not Recommend. As it stands, there is just enough fun to be found in this game, with the added bonus of supporting a promising indie dev, to give this game a barely passing 5.5/10 overall score. Just don't do the NG+.Check out my profile for my review policy and thanks for reading.Til my next review!"
,Recommended,274230,16818258,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,pointofdeparture,"Bought this on a whim, since I remembered it from a Kotaku feature or something and it was on sale. Similar to Gunpoint, but with much deeper and more intuitive turn-based combat mechanics. There's definitely huge satisfaction in a perfectly-executed series of kills; in this sense aspects of the game are Hotline Miami-esque (although the two play very differently). The minimalist, slightly futuristic visual design also works pretty well. I would recommend this game at full price; if you see it on sale, absolutely pick this one up!"
76561198004419596,Recommended,274230,17137114,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Doombuggy,"This game is amazing. A simple yet effective and completely unique main mechanic drives the gameplay. It's not only fun to play, but you feel like a true ninja when you win. Not lacking in difficulty, the game constantly finds interesting ways to challenge you. It requires reflexes, tactical thinking, and everything else one would expect from a great experience. It's short, but well worth the price!"
,Recommended,274230,17134738,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,justin,Extra 7$ for a soundtrack and 2 minute long comic book
76561198000707857,Recommended,274230,17163930,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Lunar Flare,This game is so addicting! totally worth it.
,Recommended,274230,17177154,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Darkling,"Great, though short, game. Got frustrating a few times, but that makes it all the more satisfying to have beaten."
76561197995212722,Recommended,274230,16844106,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Sprayer2708,"This game has a unique design to be sure. You might associate ""turn-based"" with strategy or tactics, however, ""turn-based action"" perfectly fits this game since there isn't much thinking involved. But who cares? How often do you get to play a female ninja who doges bullets left and right while cutting enemies into fine slices?Riddles in it are easy to solve (as expected of an action game) and the only brain teaser might be ""how do I get past that civilian in bright as day light without killing him or him noticing me?"" to do all optional objectives. Alternatively you can just slaughter everyone.Checkpoints are fair for the most part, except for the final level where the only Checkpoint is right after the first ""Riddle"".Graphics and music are okay, I really whish the game had a record and replay feature though. Even after slaughtering that mass of enemies, you can't lean back and watch how cool it looked afterwards.Biggest downside to this game: even after repeating the final level dozens of times for the perfect victory in the new game plus, the game is over in only 11 hours. It also isn't really replayable since you basically can only take two paths in the skillsystem.Oh and, well, the story. Wait, what story?"
76561197972379164,Recommended,274230,16813414,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Mr Microbe,Very fun and challenging.
,Recommended,274230,33641218,Posted: 18 July,all,Pesky Bee,"7/10So this is the kind of game I love to play. Its like Hotline Miami, Deadbolt, Gun Point or Super Meat Boy, a small team creates a violent game with a very unique mechanicThe game is very good but it fails in some aspectsThe combat/stealth is pretty good, BUT, it fells sort of broken at times, kind of frustating and that makes the game hard at times for the wrong reasons, even tough they are small issues and dont ruin the experienceThe soundtrack is decentThe art style fits the gameThere is a story, but it is very superficial. I mean A LOT superficial even tough its interesting. There are no voiced dialogues and ALL we get from the story are a couple of 20 sentences, thats all. There are 5 bosses so before each one of them the game shows 4 sentences about the toughts of the protagonist. THATS IT. I was expecting it all to be revealed by the end, unfortunatelly it was notI will give a 7/10. It really strikes me down knowing the game had a lot of potential, but the lack of a well told story and some broken mechanics make the game average. It doesn´t come close of being a memorable as other games like Hotline MiamiHighly recommend gameplay wise, Its hard and you are going to die a lot, but its worth it and fair. There is a lot of strategy into it so plan your moves and attacks, after all it is a turn based strategy so no need to worry about doing things fastAlso it´s a lot more fun and hard if you look at the optional objectives as mandatory"
,Recommended,274230,33625607,Posted: 18 July,all,Kassar,"Really solid game mechanics, atmospheric, KooL Kombat that reeks of anime and a Killbill like story.Slightly linear.But brilliant in execution.A combination of turnbased stealth and platformer... Whoddathunkodat?I had a very challenging but FUN time with this... TWICE OVER."
76561197972959500,Recommended,274230,33874361,Posted: 28 July,all,CalamityVayne,"Fun little game, much better than expected!"
,Not Recommended,274230,31917763,Posted: 23 May,all,Rokk,"A buggy and frustrating mess. Enemies can glitch into walls and activate lockdown while inside the wall. The game sometimes fails to unpause, forcing you to restart the entire level. The jump mechanic is incredibly finicky. Grappling hook sometimes shoots youthroughthe ceiling.There are unlockable skills/upgrades, but you only get skill points for those if you completeallbonus objectives (no lockdown, no civilian kills, kill all enemies). Since civilians can trigger lockdown, the first two objectives are already at odds. The game is supposed to becomeharderlater on, not easier.Not an enjoyable experience."
76561197972158713,Not Recommended,274230,16896480,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Gigantor,"Be aware that this is not from the people who made Gunpoint.  I thought it was when I bought it, and I kept wondering how it all went wrong.  On to the features.This game will probably be listed by most people as turn based, but that is inaccurate.  The game goes from free moving to turn based when a guard has detected you.  This sounds simple enough, but it is one of the game's major failures.  The majority of combat will take place in turn based mode with guards aiming obvious laser sights at you.  You can see how far your character will jump (and in turn based you can ONLY jump) and thus determine if at the end of the arc the character will be in the line of fire.  The complexities come in when there are multiple guards and guards who will keep up a stream of bullets for a couple of turns.  One of the ways that you can soften this is to kill a few guards by stealth before you are inevitably detected.The game likes to declare in the middle of play sessions that it isn't a stealth game, but since it has a stealth perk and a detection system, it will be graded on its stealth play all the same. It's AWFUL.  The detection has bizzare rules.  You can only be seen if you step into the light, except if the guards are scanning with laser sights.  You can even WALK OVER guards in the dark if they don't turn their sights on.  Despite this guards will detect another dead guard anywhere near them quickly and will scan for you.  This is where the switch from free to turn based hurts so bad.  The kill animation that works fine in the turn based makes you sit helplessly for a couple of second while you wait for the guards to scan you.  This leads to a lot of hassel as you desperately tap the jump button without seeing where you're going after killing a guard.If this were the only problem, the game wouldn't be so bad.  It just so often feels like you were supposed to sneak around and control the situation before combat.  It is so often punishing of walking in the front door.  It is very easy to back yourself into a corner and have to make an additonal move to die.  It is REALLY EASY to miss your jumps, because of the way the jump controls work with a right joy stick or mouse.  The game is just sloppy.  It has fun moments, but when it gets hard it feels like you do not have the tools to make it work and you just need a lot of things to randomly go your way."
76561198073841664,Not Recommended,274230,16885619,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,gonzo191,"Ronin is a turn based 'stealth' action game which draws inspiration from the highly acclaimed Mark of the Ninja and Gunpoint. Being a huge fan of Klei's Mark of the Ninja this game didn't live up to the expectations as its execution is simply flawed in the key areas of combat and level design.Pros- You feel like a skilful assassin when everything works- The soundtrack is totally awesome and totally fits- The art style is super simple vector but it's beautiful- Unique turn based combat variant- Best level was the Scientist's level where you actually had to be stealthy.Cons- Even though it draws inspirations from stealth games the stealth offered is extremely barebones.- The game breaks its own rules. Kill a guard in darkness and no one see. Do it on another level they see and get alarmed.- Bugs, bugs galore namely on the Officer levels made the level nigh unplayable. Jump and land on a corner of any angle section and you go through the level where your only option is to restart.- Extremely repetitive with no variation between levels. It's the same thing every level.- Optional objective are pretty much mandatory if you want to unlock more skills.- Limit Break restricts your combat abilities to the point you'd wish combat wasn't turn based.- Controls are imprecise with the Jump arc being a very inaccurate representation of where you'll land.- Since combat is turn based certain skills are just useless in a fire fight, the Decoy to be precise.- Grappling hook while useful in certain situation cannot be released once initiated as in you cannot drop from the hook mid hook.- Movement is ruined in combat. If hanging in combat there's no way to pull yourself up, you either jump or grappling hook away.- Button prompts don't show which button to press all the time.IrritationsWhat's the point of Early Access if the final initial release has problems. You're supposed to take feedback and fix any issues before release.VerdictI started off loving this game however as time passed you begin to notice its flaws and the fun dramatically changed to frustration as the game is an apparent breaker of the rules set in the early levels. Let's get this straight, the game is fun when everything works as expected. It isn't refined enough in all of the features offered such as the light stealth, combat and level design. Yet again I'm left saying that it needed more time in development to fix all of its issues."
76561198072548410,Not Recommended,274230,33800612,Posted: 25 July,all,McLettuce,"The game is♥♥♥♥♥ It really is just a crappy pair of buttcheeks. It's extremely frustrating, the jumping mechanic is abysmal, since it may show you the trajectory of the jump, but I’ll be ♥♥♥♥ed if it follows it through. And the entire game is based upon jumping! Once you’re in combat, you can’t run! All you could do is hop around like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ cricket, and even that is not always accurate! And, oh boy, are you ♥♥♥♥ed if your siting on a wall below the ledge where the enemy is in combat mode… it’ll take you at the very least 3 turns to get to him, and if there’s 2, you might as well restart, cause you’re not making it out of there without alerts. I hate this game and everything it stands for, and truly hope they do the same thing to it and they did to the E.T. video game!"
76561198068282552,Recommended,274230,27602699,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,nawx94,"Its like gunpoint, but without Conrad's sense of humour"
,Recommended,274230,19712896,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,CrabAss,Pros: I feel like the most badassiest badass in the history of badassCons: mother♥♥♥♥ing civilians
,Not Recommended,274230,33898903,Posted: 30 July,all,"One Tap, Big Flow",Simply Awful controls. I played this game way back when it was a web demo and loved it. Playing it now is so incredibly difficult and frustrating. I have tried with both controller and keyboard both of which control about as well as an angry pig. Wouldn't buy
,Recommended,274230,19672474,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Skullious,Great Game
76561198050458016,Not Recommended,274230,16897364,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Lenidax,"This game is fun.It is.When it's not bugging out on you.Which is literally half the time.Commands that say you'll land on this platform after you jump don't go through and you fall back into the path of a bullet.Teleport commands next to attack commands will have you attacking anyway, and probably dying.The worst bug in the game is when you jump on a wall and teleport up a floor, which is VERY annoying, and can have you teleporting below an electrical wire which, big surprise, will also kill you.I could talk about the positives, but there are plenty of reviews that do that for me, so you can check those out if this doesn't dissuade you, because as I said, the game is very fun. I'd just hold off for a while so these bugs can get patched. How long, I have no idea."
,Not Recommended,274230,25783975,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,okdef,"TLDR: RONIN is a steaming pile of Cyborg samurai♥♥♥♥♥♥I drop in behind an unsuspecting guard, ensuring none of his mates notice my approach, i take a slash at his back and jump away leaving a group of guards searching the floor below, the red laser beam of his search reaches me and I lunge, a hail of bullets narrowly misses my head and i take out the second guard, now the firefight looks more like a laser show with beams in every direction I attempt to jump through a row of the beams to escape my narrowing cell of flying lead, but when i reach the last beam I am intercepted by a continious stream of projectiles and fall bloody and mechanically to the floor. This is where the magic dies. RONIN is a buggy confusing mess. Sure, RONIN is a beautiful game with an art style that looks like it came of early 2000s. But the art style isnt going to save a game from poor quality elsewhere. RONIN's levels are unique and exciting but are always bogged down by the games inability to give the player confidence. In gunpoint, the closest game to RONIN I can think of, when you go to make a jump you know what will happen and when you make a mistake it was your mistake, but this is not the case with RONIN. In RONIN you will die far less to a mistake than to an error in design. Typically a ninja's worst enemy should be the games badass samurai-cyborg dudes but in reality your worst enemy is the games terribly confusing jump mechanics. The predictive nature of the jump arc is anything but. Want to jump down a platform? Well don't try it at an angle or you will remain on the same platform and be mercilessly sliced in tor by the aforementiond cyborai. Want to dodge a shot over the head of a guard? well dont try that to close either because you might accidently kick him in the head and fall right back where you were once again being turned to ninja sushimi by cybroai. once you have earned the cyborai several promotions in whatever evil syndicate that happens to be cool enough to hire cyborgs samurai, you run into the second problem, the bullets. But bullets should be dangerous you say and to that I agree but the game should give you at least some confidence going into an engagement and that it does not. So far i have ancountered 2 types of bullety enemies: Pistol Guards and Machine Gun Guards. Sounds great right? A little diversity in the games shooty enemies? Wrong. The pistol guards function as the typical grunt taking a turn to aim and a turn to shoot with an occasional reload but the Machine gun gaurds OOOH the machine gun guards are a different story. Mr. McShooty takes a turn to aim and then proceeds to lay down a solid beam of death for a full turn potentially forcing you into a very tight spot, this would be fine if you could plan around it but the problem is you often cannot do so as Mr. McShootyface is likely far offscreen with his only indication of existance being his red laser and hail of bullets. thats right the same red laser that indicates a regular pistol guard making it impossible to distinguish whether it will be a single attack or a suppression attack leaving you to accidentaly jump into Mr. Mcshootyfaces bullet beams frequently thinking them to be a regular projectile. Other irratating bugs exist but these are the flaws that you will encounter every single level at least once and often throughout the entirety of the level. To conclude RONIN will bring you long hours of pointlessly throwing yourself at machine guns and cyborgs, some hair pulling and most importantly regret. In my playtime all that ronin gives me is a sense of regret. Save yourselves from Mr.Mcshooty face and his evil Cyberai compatriots and buy gunpoint instead."
76561198125219509,Recommended,274230,22957133,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,thedashdude,"A fun, awesome game. Not really sure what all the hate is about."
,Recommended,274230,18604911,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,WheATz,ok
,Not Recommended,274230,31889935,Posted: 21 May,all,Beautiful Jack,"Fun at first, but has weird pacing, massive difficulty spikes and unclear communication on when an enemy can actually kill you, some will be in a standby state during combat with no indication that theyre being defensive/aggressive but kill you outright when you try to capitalize on what looks like the perfect time to strike, its very odd.Like a turn based puzzle ish game with a """"""""stealth"""""""" action presentation"
,Not Recommended,274230,31923794,Posted: 23 May,all,Ronys2,"Stay away from this one, game is plagued with multiple issues that hinder gameplay. Poor checkpoint system slows gameplay down and adds to making the game feel like a chore. There isn't really any tutorial either, you get thrown in told to use w,a,s,d, to move, and a few other things and are left to your own devices. Some sort of heads up on the different enemy types and how they act might help but overall the game stopped being enjoyable after killing the first ""boss"". I thought if I stuck with it I could figure out the mechanics and could better myself at the game, but certain things make that impossible such as platforms that you can and will jump through one time and the next time you try to do it, you baby jump just to remain on said platform. You rely so heavily on the red lines that show where the enemy is going to be shooting but these lines are not absolute. At times you can get away with being within the line other times you can't. I tried to give this game a chance but it just gets worse the further along you go."
,Not Recommended,274230,17012371,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,LegACy,"It's a really, really cool game. If you're good enough, you actually feel like some sort of ninja, popping inside a building and leaping around massacring everyone.HOWEVER, the experience is hindered by the clunky control and the unreliable mechanic. Even after more than an hour of playing I still having difficulty controlling my jump. And unreliablity: sometimes when the samurai enemy lands nearby, I got slain right away, while another time I randomly not get slain. This kind of chaotic mechanic is good for a real-time gameplay, but is a big no-no for a turn-based gameplay since you want to plan your moves ahead.Also, I finished the first 5 levels in an hour, and there are only 15 levels? =/"
,Not Recommended,274230,22624686,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Von Overkill,"After restarting the final battle of the second level about 30 times, Ronin just started feeling like a huge waste of time with no payoff. I'm sure there's fun in there somewhere, but I'm not spending hours playing the same 6 seconds over and over to find it.As a rule of thumb, if a side-scroller gives you less control over your character than Super Mario Bros did, it's going to be an unpleasant experience."
,Not Recommended,274230,25312138,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,jpgnotgif,"I would not recommend this game to others because the learning curve is too high and the cost of character progression too steep. The art style looks great and the controls are simple, but understanding the outcome of moving in different directions is not clear and will mostly lead to death."
,Recommended,274230,16822541,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Varitas,RONIN is a constant stream of action and stealth strategy rolled into one. A powerful combo of game play mechanics that works!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EFw_oWtT7M0
,Recommended,274230,17215595,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Certifiable,"Gunpoint with less talk, less (player) guns, more swordplay!"
,Recommended,274230,17152140,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,~xDs~xuchiex,"This is a fun game and really enjoyable, The but is it is sooo short and there seems to be more people on the photo and it just seems to stop"
76561198080418910,Not Recommended,274230,16948948,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Jay Cowle,"Initaly I loved this game but the more I play the more the inconsistencies of it's execusion fustrate me. The on screen player tips remind us 'the reticlue lies' but this doesnt lessen the fustration as no pattern to these 'fibs' is, for me at least, apparent. The grapple also behaves inconsistenly sometimes firing after the dots turn black (to signify a valid move) sometimes not. Worst of all there is a set turn time before guards call back up (often 8 turns) but on occasion, mid fight, the turn based  counter is replaced with a real time count down that can mean a fustrating end to a fight. This has happened to me on a number occasions and spoiled some, up to that point, to plan battles. I would love to recomend this game but it feels to me that tweaking is required. As Giant Bomb suggested: a shadow displaying where ronin will actually move to on the next turn could help as at present the game feels to rely too heavily on trial and error. If you have not played Mark of The Ninja I would recomend you grab that instead. At least for now."
76561198028034371,Not Recommended,274230,32563058,Posted: 19 June,all,gankutsuou04,"Massive amounts of vague mechanics, inconsistencies and a poorly balanced upgrade system make this game a chore to play. It's highs are a ton of fun and totally evoke the feeling of a typical Devolver game, but the vast VAST majority of the time is spent wrestling with a system that doesn't tell you enough to play well and actively inhibits your ability to plan a battle plan the way the game expects you to.Recommend only if you are a diehard Devlover fan and can tolerate Hotline Miami levels of dying and retrying with only 10% or so being your fault."
76561198104372335,Recommended,274230,16161802,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,MrOrangeJuice,i dont know how to press new game? can someone tell me
,Recommended,274230,22688767,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Mikekall,this is a challangeing fun game. i like it very much. [its harder than deadbolt]
76561198052025200,Recommended,274230,16819997,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Unrelenting Penguin Eradicator,"Really great game, very stealthy and tactical. Makes you feel like a real ninja!!"
76561198023495548,Not Recommended,274230,34142091,Posted: 10 August,all,Godnarok,This game is a special snowflake.  It is not enjoyable and only served to♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.
,Not Recommended,274230,22850495,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Salok,"""This is not a stealth game"" it would not be one unless you're rewarded for not triggering the alarm and sparing the civies, oh wait ...""The jump arc is a lie"" So you're telling me the only thing I can rely on for movement on a fight is not even accurate ? Great.Your only way of moving is by jumping, which is sometimes forcing you to your death no matter what.The game usually freezes when preparing a jump, unless you are being spotted, which prevents time from ever stopping and can be quite infuriating.Also, checkpoints can screw a perfect level, if you get spotted by a civilian before a checkpoint, this one will allways try to sound the alarm, so the only options you have are to kill him or let the alarm ring, either way your reward in the end is denied.Playing with a controller is just awful, your jumps becomes innacurate and once you aim a jump you have no choice but to do it.I raged on this game harder than on Dark Souls and that's saying something."
76561197978473145,Not Recommended,274230,16861058,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,TheBeefiest,"Its so close to being a good game, but the mechanics were not properly refined before release.Before combat you can do things like jump through the air and with skilled timing deploy a grappling hook at exacting angles, however when combat begins you lose all tactical choice, to a rigid time stopping mechanism.Ideally something you would want to do is grapple swing through a window, and let go at the right angle to pounce on an enemy. But what happens is the rigid timing mechanism kicks in and you cant let go during the right angle ever.The grappling hook in general seems like a whole afterthought, it doesn't give you any prediction guides, and often doesn't make sense enough to ever be useful in combat.You never want to jump, and then grapple to stay in place, since they will shoot you there.You never want to jump and then grapple in the opposite direction because it never swings you backward (i guess trying to respect the laws of momentum but not in a realistic enough way to be useful)So I think the only real use of grapple in combat is jumping, and then swinging spiderman style in one direction only.The fixed time slicing destroys any real tactical possibility in the game. Your jump turns into a white and red arc. The white part is where you will go this ""turn""  And you can only shoot your grapple at the exact ending of this turn. The way it should work is you should be able to lengthen or shorten this white area so that you could shoot the grapple at any point during the turn. Even with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ grapple physics, you would at least have some sense of control and more options. The way it is now you have LESS options during combat than free roaming.There are bugs where you sometimes go through walls, or don't get shot when you should have.And finally: The way you tackle people mid jump is never consistent so you dont know where you will land or stop moving during the jump.The end result is not a puzzle, nor tactical, you are just jumping around randomly hoping to get a kill every once in a while.Instead of actually fixing the game, the developer chose to just put a hint in the game that says ""the arc is a lie"" ♥♥♥♥ off"
,Recommended,274230,17555296,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,lil coccyx骨,"The art style, the music, love it. Gameplay requires a bit of work. Get this during a sale if you want a treat."
,Not Recommended,274230,23147784,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,AliceTheGorgon,"A fun concept ruined by an incredibly clunky turn-based mode, which the game frequently forces you into."
,Recommended,274230,17027376,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Ysty,"At its best, RONIN is like playing a tightly choreographed fight scene. The controls are fairly unforgiving (you'll accidentally jump into power lines or directly into the path of a bullet more than once), and it takes a while to get used to them, but when the game clicks it is one of the most satisfying melee systems I've ever used. The flow of the game is very much reliant on trying, dying and repeating, but intentionally so. While it may sometimes get frustrating tackling the same room of enemies for the fifth time in a row, trying to kill them all without setting off an alarm, when you finally do it is immensely satisfying. The game isn't perfect, but it's a fantastic experience."
76561198216355361,Recommended,274230,23402312,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,pyro,love the combat
,Recommended,274230,23216541,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Longshot,"If you have pacience and liked GunPoint, BUY THIS!the game is great and runs smoothly on almost everything.the game also has a  new game plus after finishing the game once and it is extremly difficult in a DARK SOULS kind of way(not as much but its close imo), the feeling of accomplishment when you beat a boss is uncomparable.the game does have a few problems, mostly in the New Game Plus mode where the guards with the assult riffles shoot their guns up and down without it showing you where their shots are to reach unlike every other guard who just shoot or move in one direction leading to unfair deaths.also you can listen to podcasts while playing which is great.8/10"
,Recommended,274230,31641662,Posted: 9 May,all,TK-7435,Best ninja turn based thingy ever!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,274230,31864919,Posted: 20 May,all,BOBdotEXE,"the turn based combat looked a bit weird in the pics and videos, but I gave the demo a try, and I really enjoyed it.So I picked up the game."
76561197995118335,Recommended,274230,31762350,Posted: 14 May,all,Wuss912,Great Game .. it's just not what your expecting....it's not a twich game .... once i slowed down and took my time thinking about each next moveit's gotten better / fasterit's all about getting combos and killing all of the baddies.theres a little bit of stealth in this game but not that much...
76561198089045921,Recommended,274230,32008232,Posted: 27 May,all,Squeaky Johnson,"I enjoyed this a great deal. It was infuriating at times, but when it works it makes you feel very cool. I'd recommend it on sale."
76561198218780527,Not Recommended,274230,32009380,Posted: 27 May,all,Suraceif Shudiruki /$hiba Care\,Way 2 hard. you dont know how difficult it is. its like putting a big cube in a small circle hole. impossible. Very frusterating. YOU WANT TO SAVE YOUR MONEY AND BE HAPPY DONT BUY THIS GAME. only if you like short stories that dont explain anything
76561198258214118,Recommended,274230,32515955,Posted: 17 June,all,cqcq303,"ronin is the best game i have played in months it has nice pasing awsome gameplay and nice visuals,the gamplay is fun and smart and i would rate this game a solid 9/10"
,Recommended,274230,28923956,Posted: 1 January,all,BludStanes,"Awesome game, lots of fun, very original. Controls are a wee bit strange at first but quickly become second nature. The only things I would nitpick about is 1: The skill tree is a bit odd and could use a few extra skills, 2: I wish some levels were a little more open ended; Don't get me wrong, every fight is dynamic, there are tons of different ways to execute your plan or just say f*ck it and live in the moment, but some levels are a bit limited in the sense there's no exploration or alternate paths. Finally 3: Some upgrades make things much easier if you get them early on, but don't listen to some people complaining the game is broke if you don't get certain skills, you can totally beat it without using anything. +1"
,Not Recommended,274230,18478114,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,DeadnCryin,this game have a great idea. but not executed in a good way. its really annoying.here is an example1. the game switch between free run mode and turn base mode at stupid times that get you killed after doing alot of effort and alot of time on a hard level. then you lose ? why ? a guard saw you and the 8 seconds timer started and you had no freaking idea.2. swinging in this game is more then horrible. you spend milions of trys just to swing through a wide window.3.no story what so ever.4.how is this taged as a Stealth game i will never know.buy it only if you like getting annoyed and if its on at least 50% sale..
76561197972399252,Not Recommended,274230,18480789,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,scionkiller (chris),"If you liked Gunpoint... don't buy this game. The concept is good and the art style is crisp, but the gameplay is badly lacking in polish and is not nearly as well thought-out.Buy something else instead."
,Not Recommended,274230,18496449,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Tom I guess,"Ronin tries too hard to be gunpoint with cool features that just dont work with turn-based combat. Out of combat the controls work well, but once the turn-based function begins you are at the mercy of collision detection and will needlessly grab walls when you would want jump on to them. The level design is somewhat poor and seems as if the enemies had little to no thought on their placement. All in all it is a super cool concpet exectued rather poorly. Play the demo and if you really like it buy it. I can't recomment it until you have a little more freedom in the turn-based mode."
,Not Recommended,274230,18531769,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Dr.Ded,"it's a really fun game but I feel like I'd be lying if i said I could recommend it because it's one of the buggiest (non-early access) games I've ever played. If you're ok with some buggy gameplay and inevitable frustration (like the type of rage-quit inducing frustration from the 8-bit generation), then (and only then) would I say to give it a try."
,Not Recommended,274230,18901394,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Benoz,Absolutly terrible 1/10
,Not Recommended,274230,19393272,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,killv5,Don't buy way too glitchy
76561198071999028,Not Recommended,274230,21080312,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,antolol,"Ronin has a very interesting and uniqe set of game mechanics, but the overall game design is not so good. There are many examples of the game being unfair, rather than callenging. What i mean, is when playing this game, you are going to get punished for making a mistake, that certainly is not yours, because the game is misleading, or because the mechanics are inconsitent.You are going to waste a turn (and probably die afterwards), because the character didnt jump the way you aimed the jump. You are going to get spoted by an enemy who is standing on the opposite side of a wall. You think you are going to be able to jump down through a platform, since you could do just that with all the other platforms that looked just like it, just to find out that it didnt work, and that you are still standing on top of the it (and you wasted a turn, which probably caused your death).The fact that this game is a turn based strategy game just makes this worse, because if you cant count on consistent mechanics in a strategy game, if the rules of the game just change in the middle of it, there is not really much strategy to it.That being said, i really think that the core mechanics in this RONIN could make a pretty engaging game, it just does not feel like the game has been polished enough.I could also make a long list of ideas for gameplay improvement, since i feel like the game needs a lot of changes made to the controls and gameplay. but i realize that this is not my game, and that this is not about my ideas, but the controls definately feel clumsy and just not right for a strategy game.All in all, this game has potential, but it has a lot of holes, that a finished game should never have."
,Not Recommended,274230,22022610,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Stealth Cat,"- No tutorial- No story- Bad physics- Random spawn of enemies- To earn skillpoints it`s necessary to end all objectives at the level, but it`s nearly impossible without new skills. It`a like a vicious circle"
76561198026704961,Not Recommended,274230,28151130,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,pug_pug,"This game looks flashy and cool, but it´s a mess and should be avoided. Here´s why:-It has lots of bugs (the kind that crash the app back to the desktop) this happens frequently (once every 2-3 hour session). -The controls are erratic (sometimes they work as intended other not so much, causing frustration)-Diffiiculty is not organic, as it comes from a poor game design and not from clever use of game mechanics.-Glitches are the worse, sometimes you´ll be in the middle of a very difficult level and the target of your mission will simply fail to appear or simply fall trough the level, making it impossible to complete.So please AVOID this game if you can. For a similar, but very much polished gaming experience, try the excelent Mark Of The Ninja or Gunpoint."
76561197985318897,Not Recommended,274230,17720295,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Nate the Scot,"Absolute disappointment. It constantly reminds you that ""THIS IS NOT GUNPOINT"", or ""THIS IS NOT A STEALTH GAME"" etc... It really isn't Gunpoint, because gunpoint had enjoyable gameplay, whereas Ronin is just an exercise in seeing how long you can stand to play this garbage. You find yourself just leaping from guard to guard hoping to find an opportunity where you can at least stab one before either being shot or having to leap off again like some sort of ADHD monkey who's forgotten to take his medicine this morning.You die in one hit and have to start all over, the other ninjas in the game one shot you too, but are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s to kill, and you can be shot by the basic guards from off screen. Meanwhile all you can do is stab someone knocked down, or throw your sword at someone (which does nothing to the ninja♥♥♥♥♥ and just disarms you for nothing) leaving yourself with nothing but more leaping until you can pick up the sword again somewhere in the middle of dodging 2 million bullets and multiple enemy ninjas.For me the last straw was in only the 3rd mission, where I finally killed all the enemies (prompting the ""killed all enemies!"" objective to pop up) only to get near the exit and have a ♥♥♥♥ tonne more ninjas and guards spawn in, at which point the game just took back it's ""killed all enemies"" objective without telling me, so when i just went ""♥♥♥♥ this"" and bounced out the door and onto the bike to escape, I wasn't awarded the skill point for that mission, for failing to clear all the enemies.As it so often reminds you in the ""oh so hilarious"" HINTS, ""THIS IS NOT GUNPOINT"". No. No it isn't. This is crap. And constantly popping up ""HINT: You can't turn off these hints"" is not funny, it's just annoying.Ronin attempts to be funny and fails miserably, because it's too busy being so ♥♥♥♥ing annoying. As if the gameplay wasn't stupid enough, the game then deliberately trolls you, such as in the example above, where it tells you you've cleared everyone before spawning more in and going ""ONLY JOKING! PSYCH!""....Don't waste your time."
76561198009259148,Not Recommended,274230,17577462,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,thebob288,"The turn based combat is an interesting combat, sadly the developer decided to add in any real control scheme substituting the mouse for every action you take and makeing some bizarre choices (can't use stairs in combat can't grapple when standing on the ground) Include in this repeaded enemies spawning in from monster closets near constantly an uprgrade system that doesn't actually tell you what several of the powers do and waste your points with dead options in every tree and the fact that there is no real story wit humour drama or character to anyone in this game and it just falls flat gun point executed this premise much better and created a fun well written world in addition."
76561198008490149,Not Recommended,274230,17586572,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,cutthroat awesome,annoying hints that still bug you after dozens of hours...Although far more annoying is the plethora of bugs and a generally incompetent developer.
,Not Recommended,274230,17568111,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Skye Thrynn,"RONIN could've been great, it should've been great and were it not for the main mechanic being broken, it would've been great.I'm talking about the jumping in RONIN. When you jump (something you'll spend the majority of your time in combat doing) an arc shows you where you land. Well, where you SHOULD land. The thing is that often times you'll end up hanging centimeters away from your destination in midair or completely pass through a platform you wanted to land on and vice versa. Because of this major issue, I can't recommend RONIN."
,Not Recommended,274230,18530252,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Solar Bear,I bought this game for only six dollars during the stealth game sale... Even at the lowered price I found this game to be a waste of my time and money. The turn base system is weird and frusturating things like the inacuracy of the jump lines and not being able to walk in combat made it clunky and annoying.The game is riddled with glitches and bugs multiple times I would phase through a wall or fly out of the world. The art style and music was nice but I couldn't appreciate it's full potential because of the alarming problems.When I bought the game I thought it would be a Gunpoint or Mark of The Ninja with a twist. I was left with a game where the main challenge was trying not to fall through the floor.5/10
76561198060640863,Not Recommended,274230,18603022,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Longshotfoxx,"In comparison to Transistor, this is a really poorly executed turn-based game. I keep running into wall glitches where I can't kill the boss or I can't get back into the stage. It has a really sweet concept, but at the end it's near impossible to complete. It's highly frustrating.On another note, there's something else that really sucks about RONIN. In order to become more powerful, you have to clear stages perfectly. Just about halfway through the game you'll run into instances where it's impossible to either not kill the civilians or set off the alarm.All in all your money is better spent on Transistor. It's labeled as a stealth game, but there's very little you can do while in stealth. Besides that, there's very little you can continue to do in stealth as the game progresses. It becomes a game of turn-based ""oh crap who's aiming at me now?"" kind of thing. You dodge bullets endlessly, trying not to ♥♥♥♥ yourself, while at the same time trying to get kills at the same time.Need an analogy? Look no further than chess. Think of a scenario where a computer has rooks, bishops, and knights all chasing down, that's right, your one king.You're probably going to ask, ""Did you beat the game?"" No. I didn't. I'm not going to waste another few hours banging my head onto the desk because I'm apparently not practiced enough in the art of dodging random-as-heck bullet aiming. It's not fun, and I don't recommend spending your money on this."
,Not Recommended,274230,18347824,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,(CAT 3) TheCommissioner,"Good REALLY REALLY GOOD.But buggy as heck.The jump arc which shouold tell you where you land is only right about 50% of the time, which they knew about because there is a hint that says the jump arc is a lie.  I've glitched through walls, enemies have seen through walls, and some parts are absolutely impossible if you want to do them without raising the alarm.  Which is a side objective.  Fix the bugs and I would love this game."
,Not Recommended,274230,18481413,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Gleely,"This game is fun, and has a lot of potential, but buggy gameplay and sub-par movement systems really ruin the experience. A little too ambitious for the skill level of the developer. Only buy it at massively reduced prices."
,Not Recommended,274230,18722789,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,[Tech] Nogohoho,"The turn based combat and jumping in Ronin are fun, but is hamstrung by several bugs and bad design choices. On many occasions, when using the grapling hook to pull up to a celing, or when falling to a floor, your character will end up on the wrong side of the floor, and often be stuck in limbo, requiring you to load a checkpoint. Enemies all have a certain number of shots they can take before needing to reload, but there's no indication for how many. Which often has multiple foes trading off who gets to kill you, leaving you no option to take out anyone else.I did enjoy the game though, it was just a slog to get through it. The systems are fun to mess around with, and when you get the hang of it it's a crazy thing to see play out. Just be ready for frustration when the game decides to randomly break on you, and you're once again loading the room you almost completed before randomly ending up in the foundation."
,Not Recommended,274230,18957164,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Mad Pigeon,"Awful glitchy turn-based action platformer.Hard-to-control turn-based/real time mechanics, frustrating ""action"", ♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls for platformer, repetitive music."
,Not Recommended,274230,19137246,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Decitron,clunky controls and repetitive levels designed to frustrate players and offering no sense of accomplishment for overcoming the obstacles; only a feeling that you were finally lucky enough to get past the section.
76561198020898916,Not Recommended,274230,19408452,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Hadeda King,"What surprises me the most is how such a horrible game can actually get good reviews from some people. Let's get a few things straight here.Pros:- You're a Ninja with a swordCons:- Grappling hook will OFTEN glitch you through walls, floors, and ceilings, breaking the level and forcing a restart- Entering combat initiates turn based mode, which disables your ability to do ANYTHING but jump (meaning you can't even pull up onto a ledge you're hanging onto. Your only option is to fall off or jump a different direction)- Turn based combat is very unrefined and bug prone, meaning that often the player character will not do what it is commanded to do and simply stand still instead. Worse yet, half the special skills don't even work after levelling them.- Game itself and mechanics are very clunky, you're constantly stopped during movement, can't plan jumps while running, and no indication of enemy detection radius- Very bland progression, no extra weapons or armours, a tiny handful of special skills which you have to complete annoying bonus objectives to be able to unlock (which is pointless, because half of them don't function anyway)- Bonus objective of not setting off alarm makes absolutely no sense because of how alarms work. If an enemy sees you, a countdown over their head starts ticking from 10 to 0, at which point a lockdown alarm (which also does nothing except fail your secondary objective) is sounded. If you're fighting 5 enemies at once, maybe 2 of them will have alarm countdown timers, and if you kill either of them, the timer is moved to a still living enemy- Bonus objectives are ALWAYS present and ONLY consist of the following: Spare Civillians + Kill All Enemies + Don't Sound Alarm- Gameplay itself is incredibly bland. Game starts with a photo of a bunch of people, one of em circled. You go into a level, hack a bunch of terminals by clicking on them (the only gameplay involved is reaching them through an easy maze of rooms), and then exit the level. The next level will be almost identical with some rooms moved around and re-textured, and instead of terminals, you reach and kill the person who's circled. A new person is then circled on the photo and this repeats until endgame.- Game is generally not fun, a hastle to play, loads you too far back upon death with a loading screen that takes way too long for a game of this type, and to top it all off, it's most certainly not worth the price tag it carries. I got it on sale for 50% off and I'm still gonna try for a refund.Final thoughts:This game makes internal mention to another game set in the same style, a brilliant game called Gunpoint, which has a well written story, characters, entertaining and mind-stimulating levels, puzzles and gameplay, and uses similar level design, jump planning, and window breaking mechanics.Just looking at this game I thought it was a direct copy of  Gunpoint and the in-game text which directly mentions Gunpoint confirms my thoughts that this is a very poorly attempted copy with it's own spin on the theme. I thought it was by the same devs at first and I was going to complain about how it was possible for them to set such a high standard before failing so absolutely miserably, but then I found out it was a different dev and I understood.TL;DR - Don't waste your time and money on this heaping pile of trash that tries to rip off Gunpoint and Mark of the Ninja, two absolutely brilliant masterpieces that this was inspired by. Go by those instead, you could get BOTH of them for the price I paid for this when this was on sale at the same time as those"
,Not Recommended,274230,18478770,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,BloodshotGamer525,"Fun beginning to the game, quickly gets annoying with open giant rooms of enemies, controls are awkward, tends to glitch under the map and have to restart checkpoint often. Overall the stealth parts are fun, but the forced combat in a stealth game is a deal breaker and I got so frustrated at one point that now I refuse to play through til the end."
,Not Recommended,274230,20237090,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Hmm..That is odd..,"Its a great concept but the developer should have taken more time to refine the control and tweak things such as enemies attacking out of turn. Suddenly freezing during your turn sequence and not being able to do anything but get killed.It has a good check point system that makes it a bit less frustrating than Hotline Miami. But its also very linear, at a glance the large levels may appear that you have a choice in direction and plotting your assault. However you really don't, as you'll notice by you guide points of entry.  I bought this on sale so its not a huge loss, but its a $10 game that still needs work to be complete. Also you can't turn off the ""Tips"" without editing the game files. ""The Jump Arc is a Lie"" is probably the most accurate one."
,Not Recommended,274230,20766165,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Errour,"while this game is awesome on so many different levels, the bugs and general technical issues that come with it make it almost impossible to play. random phazing through walls, enimies that some how heard something from before you died and restarted, the ninja not attacking from the expected angles, etc etc. realy ♥♥♥♥in awesome so long as the game cooperates. i was on a mission where i was doing excellent. all enimies killed, no alarms, and the target was dead. then trying to make it back to the motorcycle (to end the level) i decided to try some spiderman stuff and ended up phazing through the ground, unable to finish the level i just spent 30+ minutes to beat correctly. the fact that this game has been out so long and still no bug fixes makes me think the developers straight up dont give a ♥♥♥♥ anymore. needless to say, if these guys cant even patch a few bugs, im not spending any more money on them for broken games that potentially ruin my entire experience. again, i cant stress enough how much i love the gameplay and everything about this game so long as it works as intended. if you have to restart from a checkpoint multiple times is when you start seeing all the bugs."
76561197967916798,Not Recommended,274230,20709671,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,o o0 oo0oo 0o o,"EDIT: I retried the level that made me ragequit after it crashed just before the end of the level. I got to the same point and. . .it crashed again, but in a completely different way. That makes a total of 3 crashes on this one level, two of them at the very end, all progress lost.This is very close to being a game I could get obsessed with. The core gameplay is extremely fun--a really nice mix of action and strategy. It's just not ready to be released, yet. It's just too buggy and the controls are way too sloppy and inconsistent. A few examples. . .--Bugs--*The game crashes roughly once every three levels, usually while reloading from checkpoints. Expect to have your progress reset constantly, often during the final fight of a level.*The thing that prompted me to write this review was a moment where the game put me in a lose state, teleported me through a wall, and immediately checkpointed me. I just had to quit the game, losing all progress. This isn't the first time I've been checkpointed just after being put in a lose state by this game, but it was definitely the most frustrating, right at the end of a long level.*I've played under three hours and had the game crash on me around four times, and checkpoint me in unwinnable states twice. That's not counting the fact that the game simply does not run on one of my computers.--Bad Controls--*The entire game is about avoiding the gunfire from half a dozen guards as you jump around killing them, but the line that tells you where you're going to jump to lies. Things like colliding with an enemy will leave you in a completely unexpected location, almost always getting you killed. Expect a long and frustrating learning period as you learn*Hitboxes in general are a mystery, which is a bad thing in a game all about precise movement. It's extremely hard to predict where you'll be standing after you kill an enemy, or how tall you'll be standing after a jump, and getting this even a little wrong is instant death. There are fun challenges and frustrating challenges, and trying to guess which if you're going to take a step into a bullet's trajectory or not in order to stab a guard is a frustrating challenge.*The only way to move in a fight is jumping. This is almost okay, but there are a bunch of moments where jumping simply doesn't work. It's easy to end up in a situation where you need to get up on a ledge, and out of combat you'd be able to just climb up the side effortlessly, but because you're in a fight you have to spend multiple turns hopping around and spamming grappling hooks in the hopes that your momentum will deposit you awkwardly on the lip of the platform you're trying to get on instead of drifting you into a bullet or back where you started from.*Movement just feels very rough and non-generous in general. Expect a lot of the game to be taken up by guards getting knocked out of your kill range because you jumped at them wrong or just little fiddly things going wrong.*Stealth is baffling. I still don't understand when guards/civilians can/can't see me, which isn't a good thing since a civilian seeing you is an instant lose condition.This is so close to being one of my favorite games of the last few months, but all of the good stuff about it just makes all the bad stuff that much more frustrating. If even half of the stuff I posted about here gets addressed I'll change my review to an enthusiastic thumbs up, but if that doesn't happen I can't recommend this game to anyone."
76561197996676925,Not Recommended,274230,20388235,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Jack Tractive,This game could be great but it has some very serious controll and glitch issues. There are only a limited number of ways to complete the stages. This is a real shame this game would be great if it was executed propely and ran through some more qc. All that being said once you get used to it there is certainly some fun to be had. Give it a shot and try to overlook its problems.Edited: Never mind the problems are too glaring. I just want to do some cool♥♥♥♥♥♥but the controlls and design are too bad to recommend.
,Not Recommended,274230,21199363,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,http,"Beautiful concept, but the game is ridden with bugs and terrible gameplay as of this writing. Don't waste your money on this untested game."
76561198039476246,Not Recommended,274230,22257259,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Cullenjackrat,"There were some interesting things that happened, but you could cheese this game pretty easily by pausing a lot before you are ""detected""."
,Not Recommended,274230,22204889,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,ThatOneGuy,Play Gunpoint instead.
,Not Recommended,274230,22598778,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,$p/\rKy,Not what i expected
76561198122761151,Recommended,274230,21228291,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Your Pal Kindred,"I AM COMPLETELY REWRITING MY REVIEW.RONIN/RONiN (however you want to write it) is a neat game with a nice concept. The turn based combat mechanic is something that will do one of two things. Hook you in, or drive you to near suicide. Personally, I find this cartoony art style to be extremely appealing, and the animations to be nice and fluid (thankyou Vanripper!). The soundtrack of this game also echoes a dark, grim tone, and suits the bleak tones and contrasting reds of the game (which I feel gives an emphasis on blood and killing). The story, however, is virtually non-existant in the main game, with the exception of some words over the backdrop of a photo which I presume is the last photo of her father (oh yeah, the protagonist is female). If you really want to know the story (like I did) you'd have to do two things. Purchase the special edition with the digital comic, or scourer the internet for forums and the like (which I did, and which made me want to purchase the digital comic too). The special edition comes with the digital comic (which I have yet to read) and the soundtrack. The soundtrack alone, (to me at least) is well worth the $6 upgrade price, and couple that with the digital comic that has that art style I love, means to me it is well worth the price.Now, if you didn't already see I like this game from the big blue thumbs up at the top, then you should by now know that I like it. A lot. But that doesnt mean the game is perfect. A lot of the gameplay revolves on trial and error, which can be at times irritating, but the pay off and satisfaction of finally pulling off your ninja fantasy is a great feeling. Another issue is that the jump arc can be misleading. This wouldn't be as big of a problem if the game developer hadn't put in a tooltip recognising the flaw, and then just ignoring it! Other than those two things, and the lack of in-game story, there's no real major issues that I can think of that are something to put in the review.If you want a more detailed review by someone far more suited to this kind of thing, watch TotalBiscuit's review of the game on YouTube titled ""WTF is RONIN?"""
76561197980517388,Recommended,274230,25298128,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,javacolin,"This is one of the most enjoyable games I've ever played.The controls could be better, and it isn't as easy to predict outcomes as you'd like sometimes, but instead of crying about it you need to ninja up and admit it was your own lack of foresight and planning that got you killed. again. and again, and again.I hope they make a sequel, with that last piece of polish on the controls and with an even ballerer final level."
,Recommended,274230,23920183,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Nik,"Nice concept, and interesting and innovative gameplay."
,Recommended,274230,24053164,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,DAFRANT,"Action-Tactics game with quite some challenge. Some great tracks on the OST and really nice artstyle (though a bit minimalistic). The main focus is combat, which is a great mix between planning and action, the system of one-shot deaths both for you and most of the enemies is balanced well with an intelligent map-design and fair checkpoints. The skill tree allows for some different builds, which are mostly balanced. Story is not a focus of the game at all. Can get frustrating sometimes, especially in NG+, where a lot of the enemies get RNG mechanics.Recommended for people who like(d): The combat of Transistor, Hotine Miami, Mark of the Ninja, The artstyle of GunpointNot recommended for people who don't like: Tactics, Frustrating gamesPlaytime: ~5h, Good replay value, New Game +"
76561198143527160,Recommended,274230,23681500,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Ancient Spirit,"I really enjoyed this game. The strategy involved reminded me of chess, as in when you are being targetted it's like you're in check & if you don't make the right move to get out of situation, you lose. The abilities your character has & can obtain were fun to combined. The controls were tricky to get the hang of & were only an issue when I tried to get my character to do one thing and she did something else. The only things that 'really' bothered me was that the character couldn't roll (or someother direct side movement) during combat, and the level progression style changed on the final level (however I can understand why the change would make sense & be fun for other players). The story could have done with a little more depth (or rather I would have liked to know more). Overall I really enjoyed it & would love to see either a sequel or anther in the same style."
,Not Recommended,274230,16034444,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Pancake,"I beat this game in Early Access, so that's what I'm reviewing it based on. Though I doubt the game changed much, if at all.It has a Ninja-Gunpoint esque feel to it, and it was pretty buggy, but that's expected in Early Access, I guess.   When it's fun, it's really fun, but when it's bad it's terrible. It's exciting to get a massive combo off and look awesome, then five minutes later you're dying over and over. It will happen often, and that's why I don't reccomend Ronin."
,Not Recommended,274230,16101667,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Buttlep,"I really tried to have fun and defend this game. At first, it was fun. Challenging but not to much. Then after 2 levels the game swerved off the road of fun and games and hit impossibility. Its hard to have fun if its way to hard. No matter how many people youve killed in a room, if your SHOE gets shot by a bullet, its all over and restart. You also cant be flexible. There is only 1 way you can beat a room and it has to be EXACT. I really wanted to have fun. If you want a fun and challenging game that doesnt make you ragequit, just play hotline miami."
,Not Recommended,274230,18669382,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Hiryu Protagonist,"Great concept for a game, ruined by being an unpolished mess."
76561198052975889,Not Recommended,274230,22817402,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Plasmabubble,"The control scheme for mouse and keyboard is ridiculous. Although NOTHING in the game tells you this, attacking an enemy requires you to click the air above their head, and opening a door requires you to click the ground a few feet underneath it. Easily the single most unintuitive and ill-conceived scheme I have ever seen. The xbox controls are no better - the right stick will always waver on returning to the center, altering the direction of the jump a fraction of a second before it lauches. Incredibly frustrating."
76561198293563000,Not Recommended,274230,22020025,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,goforgames1,"RONIN Not what it appears to beI sent a refund request after I played the game to level 6 but realized the game was not at all what I thought it was. I thought from reviews that it was an open ended strategy game however from playing it to the 6th level I saw that it was a linear puzzle game with only one way to complete levels and at the 6th level I was forced to restart the game because I didn't choose the right abilities I needed.The game might as well not give you a skill tree because you have to follow the right order and you only get one skill point per level, only if you furfill all three requirements: Kill all enemies, don't trigger the Alarm (lockdown) and spare all civillans.all these requirements do is make the level longer and harder becuase without them you could pass all the levels in 5 minutes or so and the game often puts barriers of some kind to funnel you into going one path instead of it's open ended appearence.this game has one good idea going for it, the turn-based/action combat system however that isn't enough to cover up the games false appearence.I do not believe you should spend any money on this game.update-My steam refund request was denied because it went over the 2 hours mark.I REPEAT DO NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCE BUY THIS GAME"
,Recommended,274230,25419229,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,ayetoday,would try to mount the bike from the top of the building again.✪✪✪✪✪
,Not Recommended,274230,33376063,Posted: 8 July,all,Jakkar,"An utterly broken mess, and a disappointing waste of potential.The developer might produce something functional one day, but there are simply too many gamebreaking bugs and half-made features here for me to recommend RONIN to anyone.It starts well enough but as soon as the gameplay systems are put to the test after the first few levels you'll find yourself completely stonewalled by buggy and inconsistent visual feedback and behaviour until you wish the game had been released on disc, so you could break it properly.Avoid."
76561198147432719,Recommended,274230,17158109,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Joji,This game is super cool.
,Not Recommended,274230,22497204,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Chips,"Personally I dont like it, it's really difficult during the second level, I watched a walkthrough on it but for some reason they could jump higher than me and so I restarted the game because I didnt get a skill point during the second level but that didnt help so idk how he could jump higher than I could.. I like the design of the game, I love platformers and 2d games so I thought this was the game for me. I thought the turn-based fighting was interesting but it turns out im terrible at it. I do reccomend Mark of the Ninja over this game so go grab that over this if your unsure."
76561197975174320,Not Recommended,274230,16877171,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Angry Man lvl 73,"Good game, but busted pacing. Some levels are unable to be completed without certain abilities, emphasizing a purposeful line of development. Gunpoint is equated to this game, however there were multiple ways of succeeding at the objectives in that game - this provides only one of two means of success: Stealth or Killing. And you WILL be forced into killing, so there's only one way to do everything in this game, giving no flexibility to accomplishing certain levels.Yet again, this a a ""Good"" game, not a great one. Worth a buy given the price."
76561197970645143,Not Recommended,274230,20147723,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,big_papa_s,I like idea but the controls are awful both with a controller and mouse and keys
,Not Recommended,274230,20126782,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Pod,.
,Not Recommended,274230,22970624,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Liam Neeson,"No tutorial, pointless patronizing ""tips"", unforgiving clunky game play, very very short, no where near worth the asking price: don't buy this frustrating and short game"
76561198046665186,Not Recommended,274230,18508906,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Fatal Pastry,"With a lot of good ideas that were, sadly, very poorly realized, Ronin suffers from irritating, unprecise gameplay, a terribly designed checkpoint system, one of the worst final levels I've ever played, and a nagging feeling that the game thinks it's much better than it is."
76561198020774444,Not Recommended,274230,21864094,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Pirostyle,"The trailer looked good, but the gameplay doesn't live up to it. Don't try to get perfect on all the levels, the game will cheat you so hard to keep you from it.Whenever you are forced to fight a group of enemies, be ready to jump endlessly back and forth until you can find an opening to kill one without being shot full of holes. The points saved up for the extra move auto-spend themselves on it. I'd rather save them up for sword throws and shuriken stuns."
,Not Recommended,274230,19404196,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Clone303,"god this game cloud have been alot but it's just a really bad copy of Gun Point also the controlls are just♥♥♥♥♥♥and turn-based my♥♥♥♥♥ it's more like stop time and fight again, also when he fight he cant move, he can only jump, just WTF, i would love to like it but it fails really bad at everthing it to do, also he a enemy or just see a other dead enemy they call lockdown and it take ONLY 8sec of them to called just WTF did this guy smoke who make this game, even if you fight like 10 enemys they will call lockdown and if you dont do everything in a mission bounes you dont get a skills point for the mission so ♥♥♥♥ing dumb, this game is saying want fun? do everything for i want the fun and you not going to get it, just ♥♥♥♥ you game"
76561198072314494,Not Recommended,274230,16873365,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,ILikePopCans,"Since Gunpoint was my favorite game of that year, I saw this game and thought i would love it. Sadly its too frustrating to completely have fun with it. While the combat is  moderately fun, the controls are pretty bad. Aiming the jump is harder than it should be, and I think is impossible with a controller. Also you have to do a lot of guesswork with jumping around the bullets, cause it does not show how your body will get to the point your jumping at, meaning you can never know if you will not touch a bullet when jumping. Another thing infuriating is that a couple of times i have glitch through the wall when jumping, which ins up killing me or triggering an alarm.While some people have said there is no stealth, there is small parts of stealth if you want. To get skill points you need to complete a level killing all enemies, not killing civilians, and not triggering an alarm, and to avoid civilians triggering alarms you need to stealth past them, which is can be quite fun, but again can get ruin by the bad controls.I really want to like this game, but there is too much holding me back from having fun in the moderate amount of fun there is in the combat.Also the last level deserves a special place in hell"
,Not Recommended,274230,17532776,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Haunted Maniacbob,"The game has some really cool ideas and when it all works you can pull off some really badass moves but the whole thing is mired in terrible controls and ""turn based"" combat. Too often I would land next to a stunned enemy only to have to jump closer to him because I cant take two steps to get in attack range. In combat standard movement is entirely disabled and you can only traverse the world by jumping and using the grappling rope, which might be moderately acceptable except that the jump range that is pitiful and a grappling rope that is nigh on useless in combat. I would spend minutes bouncing around a room because I could stun enemies but be driven off before a killing blow. The ""turns"" are vague and on more than one occaision left me in a completely different position than I thought I would end in. The help tips told me nothing useful and if the message telling me that ""the help tips are useful"" is anything to go by they're lying to me too. On top of this is the sword enemy who I spent far too long trying to understand how to fight (because the game does not tell you anything). Turns out that jumping on them (like you would any other enemy) will only cause them to immediately kill you.The game looks like something where you can plan your moves carefully and quickly (and bloodily) clear out a room of armed guards in a satisfying manner but it so rarely works out that way. After an hour, and the first two (of a supposed five if the game is to be believed) assassinations I've applied for a refund."
,Not Recommended,274230,17556494,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,KrofDrakula,"I've bought this game as the user reviews came out really positive and it seemed really interesting, since I thought it'd play as well as Gunpoint. Sadly, the controls are very unintuitive, and the resolution I've been playing at (2560x1440) seems to be out of range of what the developer tested at and developed positioning for, as all the UI prompts for executions and actions are completely misaligned with what is happening in the scene. It may just be sloppy programming, but the lack of control resulting from this makes the game uplayable and confusing for me. Would recommend if this game had a better introduction of controls and fixed these prompts, as it makes all my actions delayed on average of a few seconds trying to find an invisible hotspot to click on."
,Not Recommended,274230,17547237,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,htranou,"no remappable keys (can't play on FR keyboard)unexplained controls with mouse ? Guess it was only tested with a gamepad.edit: seeing some videos, it seems it should work with a mouse, but it's buggy. Icons don't appear where they should, but I still have to click there."
76561198081161043,Not Recommended,274230,17523519,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,TheEmeraldDE,"Ehhhh...buy it if it's on sale for at most 5$ It was sorta cool, but I expected more out of this game than it gave. Gameplay is fun at first, but gets old after the first 2 chapters. If you are looking at this game and it isn't on sale, just spend your money elsewhere. 6.5/10"
,Not Recommended,274230,31906083,Posted: 22 May,all,Koala With A Rifle,And I thought Skyrim was buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥ makes me want to apologize to Bethesda.
,Recommended,274230,22658000,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,sumotsunami,This game was challenging and addictive. People say it's not a stealth game... people that hate it and people that like it. If you are really good you can be stealthy... but you gotta be even faster with stealth and it takes some getting used to.
76561198122800312,Recommended,274230,30953827,Posted: 4 April,all,"Dr. Ivo ""Eggman"" Robotnik","Becareful. As lovely as the game is and a nice time killer, the game directions of your character input WILL lie at you at times. You'll learn hidden mechanics throughout the game that aren't detailed too you, that you need to look out for.My personal suggestion: Understand your character true size to the given enviroment. Simply for the fact if you attempt any movement to your assumption the line will do as you want, your character will infact; do the opposite. That line gives you no TRUE direction as to what your character will do. So learn as you play."
76561198053810706,Not Recommended,274230,22855393,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,JAG,"The control scheme is terrible.  You jump by pointing the right joystick and there's no way to cancel a jump.  On top of that, the jump arc indicator is just wrong most of the time."
76561198071815655,Recommended,274230,25696335,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Fex,"Fun gameplay that makes you feel like a badass whenever you pull off murdering a room full of people. On the downside the transfer between live combat to turn-based can get really awkward at times, especially with the grapple hook. You could be a Asian gymnist of death one second and the moment you are spotted you become a human pinata swinging limply from a rope with 5 children trying to shoot you with their bb-guns. Not to say the turn-based portion is bad, but you need to know when and where to reveal yourself so you aren't a sitting duck, and the grapple tends to get you into bad positions while in turn-based mode.The levels have just the right length to not overstay there welcome but there are only 15 or so of them which is dissappointing. New game plus didn't do much for me either since not much was changed besides some enemy AI and changing the rules where the bonus to not set off an alarm is mandatory or you lose. The problem was I already did that in my first playthrough to get all the skills and that just made the second time easier.Only glitches I noticed was a minor one where the samurais would sometimes get stuck in walls after the initial hit and I wouldn't be able to kill them. Music isn't offensive but nothing to really write home about. Other than that not much to say.TL;DRFun short game that makes you think, good for a day off (a weekend if you want to 100% it), buy it during a sale."
76561198315930366,Recommended,274230,35084073,Posted: 20 September,all,Perry the Platypus,"Wait, I have this game? i don't remember buying itOh, know i like it and have to review it so other can know it a good game too?Well ok."
,Recommended,274230,23773066,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,cn_monoxide,"This is a game that requires mastery, but not always ion the best way. It has an excellent blend of stealth and action that can be frustrating at times but, when exectuted properly, is very satisfying. Definitely worth the low cost of admittance if it looks at all interesting, but be aware that it can be finnicky at times."
,Not Recommended,274230,17187793,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Justin,"The game's concept is unique and interesting, but performance issues, long loading times between quick deaths, and a lack of checkpoints that can be loaded after you quit the game all bog it down. Try the demo first, and then if you like it, wait for it to go on sale. At full price the game lacks the polish it should have, especially when it's being published by Devolver Digital."
,Not Recommended,274230,17111222,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Highgear1,"The controls for this game are absolutely INFURIATING. Why do I sometimes go through a ledge and other times land on top? Why won't the grappling hook ever work when im not in the turn-based segments? I really wanted to get into this game, as I loved Mark of the Ninja, but I cannot get past the way this game's controls seem to work randomly."
,Not Recommended,274230,17125291,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Vladimir,dosn't work iv'e got all recomodations!!! Sh!t Game
,Not Recommended,274230,17163203,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Dente,"I did not like this game, here's why:Mechanic is counter-intuitive, things won't work the way you like them to and, not only there is no key binding, but also keys are not display anywhere in options menu.Tutorial is very poor, they don't explain how pausing turns works and how to use the space key. I accidentaly pressed space key trying to jump and I got stuck in time for several minutes trying to figure out why the game wasn't working.I had to go online to figure out how to throw my sword.Game art is poorJust go play Mark of The Ninja.2/10"
76561198072748749,Not Recommended,274230,31925480,Posted: 23 May,all,Jafari Safari,"I would actually be ok with this game if they at least give you the option to complete a mission full-on stealth. But no, they force you to go Lerroy Jenkins agains a tiny room filled with Samurais and Soldiers.I try to enjoy this game but i can't."
76561197971162617,Not Recommended,274230,17424789,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Sander Scamper,"30 fps looks terrible, game doesn't behave appropriately when running in full screen and alt tabbing with multiple displays. Better PC implementation required."
,Not Recommended,274230,21310820,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,That Gypsy Wanderer,This game is hot trash and steals all of its mechanics from Gun Point. Honestly the most disappointing game Devolver Digital has ever pulished.
76561198111391862,Not Recommended,274230,16820632,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Kcaz,"I didn't have a very good time, i ended up getting bored in the first couple of minutes of playing and couldnt wait to move on to something else, i am trying to refund the game now."
,Recommended,274230,16857834,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,RomireOnline,"Not bad, Not good, Its ok i guess"
,Not Recommended,274230,31917861,Posted: 23 May,all,Oke'd,"The one thing that all games have in common is rules.From the simplest of board games to the most complex strategy sims, there has to besomethingthat keeps the action consistent and reliable. For instance, if you're playing a shooter and you shoot an enemy in the head he's going to take damage, and if he doesn't it's because he has a shield or a helmet or something to that effect. Basically, the result of shooting said enemy is predictable, provided you don't miss. If you do miss, it's your fault - nothing to do with the game breaking the rules.The trouble withRoninis that all its rules are appended by the disclaimer ""except when it doesn't"". For instance, in the middle of a firefight the game is frozen as it waits for you to make your move. You can jump or use a grappling hook to move around the play area and you can see red lines representing where the enemies will fire on the next turn. The rule, in this case, is that if the turn starts and you'renotin somebody's line of fire, you won't be hit, and the game will continue. Except when this is not the case. The little arc that represents where you'll jump is sometimes completely wrong. Sometimes the little helmeted protagonist will simply not jump, instead resigning herself to death and you to a loading screen. It's a game that relies wholly on a level of precision that you are simply not given. There's no way of knowing whether your next move will spell instant death, even though the game is clearly meant to be designed so that prediction = success.InRonin, you play as a little character with a sword and a motorcycle helmet (I think it's meant to be a ninja...?) with the goal of killing a few people. We don't know why. We don't know what any of them did, nor do they (or you) have any personality. Developer Tom Wacławek was clearly into Tarantino'sKill Bill, sinceRonin's character design and rough concept are the same. Maybe this explains why the game neglects to establish our motivation (Kill Billdidn't fully do that until the start of the second movie), but it doesn't really excuse it. The game was already having trouble keeping me interested, the last thing it needed was a plot that essentially checked a box that said 'N/A'. It honestly feels likeRoninwas meant to have cutscenes and my boy Tommy just forgot to put them in. Every level is either 'go and click all the computers and then get to the far right of the screen' or 'go and kill this specific person and then get to the far right of the screen'. What's the point? What did Little Miss Redhead do todeservebeing cut up by a machete? Maybe the ending reveals all, but the gameplay inhibited the game so much that I never got there, and I can't say I feel like I missed much at all.Said gameplay is one hell of a slog. The turn-based combat was a good concept that clearly didn't get far past the conceptual phase before being made into a game, as evidenced by the lack of genuinely challenging mechanics to spice it up.Roninjust stacks on more and more dudes until you're basically railroaded into jumping into the one part of the room where you won't be shot (you still might get shot). In small rooms with 2-3 enemies the mechanic was pretty cool, especially early on, when you had to juggle between one guy using a rapid-fire weapon that stays on for 2 turns, one guy sounding the alarm (who needs to be killed ASAP if you want to get the single skill point that each level gives you if you do it perfectly) and the third guy pointing his gun in the exact spot you ideally need to be in order to pass the level. A few levels in, however, the game turned into an orgy of red lines, with success hinging on the usage of an ability letting you throw your sword, which typically had to be used at the perfect time if you didn't want to fail. This is ultimately representative ofRonin's biggest issue - the game expects perfection, but doesn't give you the tools to attain it. Completing the later levels was an undertaking reminiscent of trying to code a video game using only those funny keyboards that people use to subtitle live news. Come to think of it, that may be what happened here."
,Not Recommended,274230,16855399,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Merovingian,"It's only an opinion, but I don't think this is worth full price, probably $2-3Controls are clunkyGameplay/Animations not very fluid.Nothing like Gunpoint if you're comparing the two."
,Recommended,274230,16661660,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,dkota from the lights,"Not a lot of depth, but sufficient difficulty to make you break things and a cool artstyle, as well as satsifying killings.Otherwise, very ""meh""."
,Not Recommended,274230,17480840,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,CreakyBones,"its just so glichy there has bean 2 times where i just telaported in a wall be i jumped, not kidding it feels and plays like a phone-port the nice'st thing i can say is it not impossible, thats about it."
76561198108774777,Not Recommended,274230,16890877,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Korva,Gets boring and tedious after the 2nd level.Many bugs.
76561197993366540,Not Recommended,274230,32000232,Posted: 27 May,all,codec_abc,Nothing good about this game.
,Not Recommended,274230,22870682,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Johnny 2x4,pls papa
76561198113961865,Not Recommended,274230,22832443,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Jynx97,ehh no.
,Not Recommended,274230,33025176,Posted: 29 June,all,vegan meth,MEH.
76561198134084776,Not Recommended,274230,31831364,Posted: 18 May,all,Coconut Head,"Broken, I can't even get past the first level."
,Not Recommended,274230,27899847,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,oNyx,2 hard
,Recommended,274230,18755534,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,[M]oreira,"Awesome game, sometimes kinda fustrating beacause it's difficult and sometimes cause it's glitchy. But when it works it's actually really pleasing to watch the flow of the battle and defeating your foes in a dance of bullets, swords and blood.*****************************Un excelente juego, a veces medio frustrante por su dificultad y a veces por sus glitches. Pero cuando resulta todo bien es muy satisfactorio ver como fluye el combate y derrotar a los enemigos entre una danza de balas, espadas y sangre."
,Recommended,274230,18991767,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,alcoholer14,"It's something different from Gunpoint and Mark of the Ninja.Gunpoint is film-noir'ish fun, beating people and messing with electronics. Real masterpiece.MotN - pure stealth, ninjas and sadness.RONIN is about turn-based jumping, bullet-dodging, stylish kills, getting revenge and jumping again.Go and buy RONIN. Game is worth it"
76561198068429365,Recommended,274230,18400475,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,The Trashman,I hang from walls.I sneak attacked an old dude.I break windows and take people's stuff.I RIDE MOTORCYCLES.5/5 Would ride motorcycle again.
76561198040189617,Recommended,274230,18478730,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Opner,"Ronin is really unique and it really makes me feel like a badass. It is not a complete stealth game. Sometimes you just have to go into action. AND I LOVE EVERY SINGLE SECOND OF IT. Satisfying kills and once you get used to it and know exactly what's going to happen, it is awesome."
,Recommended,274230,18486993,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,[DLP]Moridin,"RONIN is a mix of Gunpoint and Mark of the Ninja, and although it lacks the depth and replayability of either of those, it still ends up being a lot of fun. The combat system is, once you get the hang of it, enjoyable to play around with, and the various powerups you can purchase do end up altering your playstyle.A few issues:There isn't much variation on offer. Unlike Gunpoint or MotN, there's only a handful of ways to clear a level. You also have to kill everyone (and have no alarms raised) to get a skill point from a level, and pretty much all the levels have mandatory combat sessions, so there's no option to simply stealth through the game, which is a bit of a disappointment. You can, in certain cases, sneak around before the inevitable fight and thin the enemy forces a bit, but this isn't always an option and it doesn't head off the reinforcements that often show up.Level design also suffers from this - there's often one way in and out of the location, or maybe two, and a clear 1-2-3 path you're expected to follow. This is a shame, because this type of game can and should offer a much larger variety in terms of reaching the objectives, so as to best make use of the stealth mechanics. Instead, it feels a little too linear.I haven't completed the game, but from what I've seen of the level design and skills on offer, there isn't much replay value. This stems in part from the above problem with variation, but also because there often isn't reason to go back to earlier levels with new skills. The skill points from each level can be unlocked as you play it the first time, and there are no collectibles or points to worry about.Combat also, especially with larger numbers of enemies, turns into a trial-and-error system, where you figure out the best opening move, then replicate it as you try out the potential avenues of attack after that, going for a new strategy on the last branch each time you die. While it's actually sort of fun to outsmart the enemy soldiers and finally get the strategy that takes them all down, it can get a little frustrating, especially given the occasional variance in jump and bullet predictions.Ultimately, though, this game (for all its flaws) is a lot of fun. Playing with the combat mechanics, figuring out ways to bypass civilians or sneak up on enemies, replaying a tough section to kill all guards without letting them get an alarm out, all add up to an enjoyable experience, for a few hours at least. While it's not quite worth the asking price, at a decent discount it's a great purchase."
,Recommended,274230,18469702,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,TheGuide,"It's a pretty good game. I'd definitely recommend it for like 10 bucks. Otherwise rather meh, it's supposed to be a stealth game but it forces you into combat on every level which is disapointing, but combat can be tense and challenging, sometimes frustrating, but the turn based combat is good.However, if you liked Gunpoint and Mark of the Ninja you'll probably enjoy this. At least it'll be worth the price for you.If you haven't played Gunpoint or Mark of the Ninja then I'd recommend you play them first as they're, honestly, better, at least in my opinion. And if you enjoy them come back and give this a try."
76561198057984787,Recommended,274230,18523636,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,sensedelete,"This game reminds me of old Flash platformers, and I mean that in a good way.Ronin is a fast-action platformer modded to be a turn-based combat game. This has its pros and cons.On the one hand, playing this I got a feeling the devs had a good grip on their own gameplay system, enough to keep every new level fresh and more challenging than the previous one. Challenging, and not frustrating, which by itself earns the game a lot of points in terms of design. The game's elements are reactionary, so no two playthroughs are the same, and yet the game always manages to bring out a challenging puzzle-platforming experience. The fact that a lot of what goes on in Ronin isn't pre-scripted says a lot about the robustness of the gameplay.The robustness of the game itself however is questionable. Playing the newest version as of 10/15/15 on Windows, I've seen the wall-phasing glitch too many times to name and had the game freeze up my computer (though I've yet to replicate this).Even though I've been gushing about the gameplay, all that comes with a huge caveat. Ronin is basically played in two modes: the first, in which you move freely and can execute stealth techniques on enemies, and the second, combat. Combat is tight and well executed, and the game's movesets lend themselves really well to turn-based battles. The free-roaming, not so much.This is just my opinion, but playing through the stealth and free movement segments I got a nasty senseof stiffness. The precise jumping controls that make combat so much fun are kept up in non-combat play, and as a result moving around just feels really stiff. I understand that the game is meant to be paused every few seconds, but doing so much as traveling through a ventilation duct feels jerky and unresponsive. If I had to ask the devs to add anything, it would be smoother controls for out of combat gameplay.The hookshot especially is a sore point for me. Usually, when using the hook you'll pull up short and dangle a bit before zooming in to your desired location; this is fine out of combat, but in battles the wonky swing physics become really noticeable. Again, if the devs were to change anything, I'd urge them to tighten up the swinging mechanics.These complaints aside, Ronin is extremely fun and very challenging. The atmosphere is fantastic, and the Samurai Jack-style art suits the game perfectly.At the end of the day, it's a fun and challenging platformer that could really benefit from some tightened-up out-of-combat controls and some bugfixes."
,Recommended,274230,17555387,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,R :C W,"A game that combines all the good of Mark of the Ninja (and there's plenty of it) with the best of overly stylish slow-motion choreography and gives it 14 decent levels with greatly designed combat encounters to be tackled with a number of interesting and varied skills, presenting challenging and interesting puzzles that reward planning and trying various approaches until you can perfect it, making you wish it would never end.And then it does, and ruins it all by making the final, largest and most tedious level of the game have absolutely no checkpoints. It's actually a pretty decent area, but that change discourages and even severely punishes the playstyle the game has cultivated and perfected for the first 14 stages. What the ♥♥♥♥ where they thinking?It's a crying shame smaller indie games so often screw up the landing so badly, trying to give the ending some ""special ultimate twist"" game mechanic that inevitebly sucks horribly because it was never introduced, used or tested at all and never meshes well with the established strenghts of the game."
,Recommended,274230,17903886,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,savaze,"Ronin is Gunpoint without the humor and with wonky controls. A lot of the challenges seem to rely less on a sound plan, than on pure luck. That being said... It's still a fun game, but very frustrating. I'd buy gun Gunpoint first and if that doesn't scratch the itch, then wait for Ronin to go on sale."
,Recommended,274230,17904346,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Sempak Emas,"The play time of this game is too short. I hope more stealth, more level, more skill, more enemy types. Anyway this is a good game."
,Recommended,274230,17810727,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Yeboi Spungebab420 trade.tf,"A really fun little game with good mechanics,BUT i found it too hard sometimes...however i totally recommend it!!!"
,Recommended,274230,16918496,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Navindaxon,"This is an excellent concept, and and addictive and wonderful game. It really deserves a level editor to create custom challenges though, and the story is too short. Bugs and control issues may frustrate some.Pros:The core mechanic is excellent. Click and drag to jump in different directions. Use special abilities and basic attacks by clicking icons that appear over the heads of enemies. A simple skill tree adds variety to gameplay. Turn based combat makes it as much a strategic game as a tactical game.Ronin's visual aesthetic is excellent. Little touches throughout the levels add flavor and a touch of lore given the game's minimalist approach to story telling.Levels are well designed and interesting. Each level offers a unique set of challenges. The game tends to add 1 or 2 new mechanics per level, and introduces them very naturally.The music works.Some in game cutscenes and scripted moments through the game, and they are used effectively to convey story and even character (e.g., the first person you assassinate).Cons:The core mechanic does work the way you wish it would. Almost all players will run into a situation where they are within range of a platform if they jumped directly at it. But, because the jumps always seem to use the maximum arc, and only terminate if you hit specific structures, doing a straightish jump to a platform just in reach can be impossible. Likewise, if you jump and catch a ledge, there is no option to climb the ledge on your turn: you have to jump off the ledge. As it is, the only movement available during the turn based combat is the jump. Secondly, attack animations often seem ludicrous. When attacking a nearby target, you always jump in the air. So if a bullet is overhead, instead of stepping forward and thrusting, you leap into the bullet and die. These gameplay oddities destroy, for me, he suspension of disbelief. They are jarring to the point of distraction.As others have mentioned, the game as bugs. I have only personally experienced the ""clip through ceiling"" bug. I assume patches have alleviated most of the game-breaking bugs.The music becomes repetitive after a while. It's almost always the same sound in the background.The game is only about 4 hours long.If you take certain alternative routes during the early missions, which have tutorial elements, you will miss the tutorials. It seems the tutorials are keyed to passing through a given space, so if you don't pass through that space, no tutorial. This is most noticeable the first time you have to use the grappling hook to get somewhere.The pause button doesn't always pause the game in the same places the jump button will. When you jump, the game pauses while you select your jump arc. The pause button (default space bar) will also pause the game while you hold it down. But the jump button will pause during moments when the space bar won't allow you to pause. Likewise, you can't toggle pause (unless you click the jump button but cancel the jump).You encounter samurai enemies from time to time. Unlike normal enemies, they chop you up if you jump into them. As far as I know, the game gives you no indication of this. So when you jump into one for the first time, thinking it will cause stun, it slices you in half and you die. It would've been nice to see the samurai do this before encountering the first one that you can actually fight (in the first level there is one that just patrols around, but cannot be reached. I don't know why).Game could use more cutscenes or scripted sequences.Overall:The core mechanic and level design overcomes the deficiencies of the game. It is worth playing, especially at the <$10 price point. I think it would be worth >$15 if it only fixed some of the weird movement choices, and maybe added a level editor."
,Recommended,274230,17682614,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,EHAD,Awesome core combat tarnished by lots of control issues and a complete dearth of enemy variety
,Recommended,274230,17792271,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Kelos Tanzen,I loved this game for the following reasons.1. Its turn based2. Awesome concept3. Its challenging without being utterly frustratingThings I won't hold against it1. Its kind of like a platformer - but notUltimately I really enjoyed this game. There was no point in the game where I could say that it was broken or that I had broken it. All the skills choices in the world don't really make up for good panning and execution. Although there can be so many variables in a level that unless you look around first and decide which path you will take to accomplish your goal it can become rather full on.10/10
,Recommended,274230,18105444,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,hronet,"This is a great game! The turn-based action-mechanics work great, turning the fights into action-puzzles. And while the visuals owe quite a bit to gunpoint, and the stealth gameplay borrows from Mark fo the Ninja, but fight-mechanic is quite unique and gives a great feeling of having lightning ninja-reflexes!The game is riddled with bugs though - enemies, or yourself, getting stuck in walls, checkpoints being saved in a unwinnable states - so prepare those close to you that you will likely be cursing quite a bit while playing..."
,Recommended,274230,18152503,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,🐸Freg🐸,"A game about being a motorcycle riding ninja... WHAT COULD BE BETTER! Having the ability to stop time and think about what you’re going to do can help you achieve every kill you have planned! With civilians that will annoy the hell out of you and new types of guards that wield katanas, AK-47's and pistols (Probably a few more, but I haven’t got to them yet) combine to make the ultimate matrix replica ... There is a catch though... Bonus objectives (this is the annoying part) If you complete all 3 of the Bonus objectives... YOU GET A SKILL POINT! Skill points can be spent on new moves (stealth kill, hologram you, hand execution, etc., etc.) Just to give you a sneak peak of all objectives and why I hate them, here they are!Spare civilians: This is a hard one, because if one see's you, they will call police and set off lockdown, but you can't kill them, because then you mess up your chances of getting a skill point... I recommend loading a check point when this happens if you want the skill point...Kill all enemies: EASY, It’s just that the sword wielding samurai enemies that are a pain in the neck...Avoid triggering alarm: Civilians call alarms on you, and so do the enemies, So KILL ENIMIES IN SIGHT (if they see you) and reload checkpoint if civilians see you... (If you want the skill points)All of those features create the best game ever and the feeling you get when you complete that really hard level makes you come back for more... AFTER ALL THAT WRITING, I RECOMMED THIS GAMEEEE!"
,Recommended,274230,30510207,Posted: 14 March,all,Saiichi Hashimoto,"Really fun tactical game! Pretty difficult and frustrating... in a good way. :-) Getting all the objectives to receive the skill point doesn't feel like busy work, but rather a worthy challenge.However, it does an extremely poor job of explaining how to play the game. I'm still not sure what gives me extra turns, how I make the ""abilities"" meter to fill, what exactly each button does (I mostly do a random assortment of clicking, right clicking, and hitting the space bar), and where I'm going to end up.I'd only recommend this game to someone who'd be willing to trudge through understanding the game before they start playing."
76561198079433160,Recommended,274230,18569377,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Deathbyburgers,"Awesome game. Similarities to Mark of the Ninja and Gunpoint, but manages to keep its own style. The centre of Ronin is the turn based combat system, which requires tactical thinking, but makes you feel like a badass when you dodge six bullets and knock an enemy out of a window in the same jump.While I did enjoy the game , there were a few flaws. When reeling in a grapple during a jump, I would often get stuck in walls, meaning I had to restart the level. The Game is very short, only 15 levels long or 5 hours gameplay at most. And while enjoyable, there is little variation in level design,decor and music. I would enjoy it if it were longer, had more content like character abilities and enemy types, and had a feature where I could play back battles in real time (and see the game as if you were a ninja with incredible reaction speeds).That being said, this is a fun and interesting game, worth your time if you enjoy games like Gunpoint, and absolutely worth it if on sale."
,Recommended,274230,18331382,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,#DONATE2JOHNNY,amazing
,Recommended,274230,18518632,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Kemayo,"I picked this up in the Stealth Game Sale, on the virtue of it looking very similar to Gunpoint. Visuals aside, it's a fairly different game. Importantly: it is not a stealth game! There's a pre-combat positioning phase, where stealth matters, but the core of the game is an quite interesting take on turn-based ninja combat. It turns out to be a lot of fun -- really sells you on the ""being a super-fast ninja who's dancing between bullets"" concept."
76561197974593634,Recommended,274230,18567222,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Wally,"Incredibly fun but short, with a glitchy grappling hook. Gunpoint with combat"
76561198081578113,Recommended,274230,18592303,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Prophetic Onion,"3/5 Mac PortI really enjoy this game, it's a pretty solid indy title, the only major downside being it's fairly buggy on the Mac port. If the developer were to patch the bugs I could give this game a 4/5 and estimate it's worth at maybe $10-12 value. Until then, I'd only buy when it's on sale for less than $7."
,Recommended,274230,18674733,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Tigerhawk71,"A great little game with a few nagging problems.While some sections encourage stealth and there's opportunities for it, it's NOT a stealth game. Though being able to string a few dudes from the roof without alerting anyone is certainly helpful...The controls could certainly use a little love, but once you get used to them it's functional.The story is minimalistic and could have used a little something near the end.BUT i had fun with it."
,Recommended,274230,19020324,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Conz,Stylish platformer with fun mechanics
76561197961914449,Not Recommended,274230,30625562,Posted: 19 March,all,Quenchiest,"This game has got a lot of style, but very poor mechanics, which are hugely important in a precision action game. You'll be fighitng the controls as well as the unintuitive (and poorly explained) mechanics and ambiguous feedback constantly. It's a shame because underneath all this frustration is potentially a very good puzzle action platformer.The most egregious flaw is that the jump cursor doesn't actually tell you where you are going to jump. The most aggravating example of this type of error is when it tells you that you're going to jump off a platform, but when you try to jump, the platform you are standing on is in your way and you instead do a little hop forward because it blocked you...Oh, and the last level has no checkpoints."
,Recommended,274230,21303019,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,FrozenFish37,"Pretty fun for a little bit.  Although, it is very rage-inducing.  Sort of short, too.7/10"
,Recommended,274230,21339332,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Makoo,A ninja murder simulator with complex jumps.I really quite like it. It's challenging.
,Recommended,274230,21528674,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Snapdragon,"This game was suprisingly fun, I liked the combat. It reminded me of Arkham Night.I did find a glitch though that can make you fly through walls.The world will never know of it though c:"
76561198071545345,Recommended,274230,21677682,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,ToneSlaveMusic,I love this game. One of my favorites. The turn based combat is brilliant :)
,Recommended,274230,21978519,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Jorbun,"Takes a little getting used to the controls, but I think it was worth it. It's hard to succinctly describe how this game plays. While nobody sees you, you can move freely. When an enemy can see you, time stops and a pseudo-turn-based combat system kicks in. You will see where enemies will shoot on the next turn, and you must use this turn to reposition yourself so that you both remain unharmed, and are in a position to kill one or more enemies.The ""story"" in this game is very thin, despite setting itself up as a lone swordsman dismantling a conspiracy. It consists of one photograph, and the protagonist monologuing at the start of some levels. And the photo has people in it who remain unaccounted for, even taking the supplementary material into account. It's as if someone was starting to design an intricate plot and got bored 20 minutes in.Cutting to the chase; the fun in this game is in methodically, a turn at a time, slaughtering dozens of people while never taking a scratch. Having all the upgrades in the final level didn't make it easier, but it did make it very fun.7/10"
,Recommended,274230,21951633,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,tyankou,"This game has a great core mechanic that slows down the pace of the game but makes you feel like a badass more than it would have if the whole thing took place in real time. When your best option is to take out as many guards as possible before they figure out what's going on, it's exciting and tense all at once, as well as gratifying when you pull it off. The grappling hook mechanic takes some getting used to - I'd recommend a mouse and keyboard for precision - but once you get the hang of it, as well as the nuances of movement, you feel like Spider-Man with a sword. My only problem is there are a couple of jumping bugs that screwed me over, which is especially problematic for the New Game Plus mode I'm currently in the middle of which adds machine gun guards early on and changes certain enemy behavior. But overall, there aren't any  issues that can't be addressed in a sequel. So, where is it?"
,Recommended,274230,22021914,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,MightyMuramasa,"A stylish, stealthy, and turn-based platformer that makes you question your every move to enact your revenge. I clocked in about 10 hours or so which is a reasonable length given the type of game this is. While the game itself doesn't have an overly complex or deep story, it's simplicity  is made up for by style and solid gameplay."
,Recommended,274230,20951730,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Pie,This game needs more recognition.
,Recommended,274230,21068429,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,DestinyGreatness,"Full of action, and turns.Especially enjoyable is its use of stealth for opening positioning - and not much else.Doing the same fight over and over can get tiresome, but it's overall very swell. Would buy again."
76561198058137958,Recommended,274230,22062461,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,shooterboss1,"I've played 4.7 hours so far and I'm stuck on the last stage at the moment, but I think I've played enough to give a decent impression. Ronin is a 2D platformer/sort-of-stealth game with an interesting core mechanic. Pausing time between moves to consider your next jump makes this game an interesting mix between an action and a puzzle game.Pros:+ Interesting and unique combat system+ Good level design that makes use of lights, glass, and platformers for the occasional stealth section+ A few interesting special abilities that are unlocked through completing optional tasks in the missions+ Checkpoints happen just at the right time to prevent too much frustrationNeutral:* Okay enemy variety. A few different mooks to fight with.* About a 5-6 hour single player campaign* Story is a little lacking, but the developer was obviously moving his effort toward the gameplay.Cons:- Remember those ""optional tasks"" I mentioned before? There are only three of them, and they're the same throughout all the stages.- The checkpoints can sometimes put you in awkward positions. For instance, if you decide to backtrack and hack a terminal from earlier in the level, your checkpoint will keep respawning you at that earlier point, forcing you to advance everytime you respawn.RONIN isn't for everybody, but I think I got my money's worth, and I'm glad a demo was offered to help me make my purchase decision easy."
,Recommended,274230,21953854,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,PreschoolDropout,"Very ingenius game, very well thought out, unique and very interesting through and through.You'll note I don't have much time logged in this game.That's because I've spent 5 minutes getting to the boss fight, and the rest of the time stuck trying to finish it.JESUS that difficulty spike.A great example of not playtesting your game to people who aren't part of the team who created it.Lovely game, but do not play it if your trying to relax.(EDIT) I've also noticed a weird interaction, where you cannot pause time to set your next move while being discovered or rediscovered. It's weird, especially if you try to time something specific, as the game requires you to do, and makes it feel unneccessarily complicated. Still a great game, though. Only had to go to YouTube once for a very minor detail in one stage."
,Recommended,274230,22175698,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Jesus,"Jump, Chop Chop Chop. Stop MotionGr8 GAME"
76561197978373978,Recommended,274230,21909379,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Dynamite Dinosaur,"is it just me, or is there a LOT of corpses hanging from the ceiling, gunfire everywhere, dodgeing bullets like a boss, and.. oh im dead.7/10"
,Recommended,274230,22170800,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,| TheSlicingEdge |,Pretty fun game.8/10Bit pricy. I would get it on sale.
,Recommended,274230,20158141,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,mutnau,"Good game. BUT there is a serious bug in current version on Mac OS X. The items in the scene can be lost after playing for around half an hour. And restart this level or load last check point will make it worse and if you try to restart the game, then  your current prograss in this level will lose then you have to start the level from the beginning...Anyway, despite of this bug, this is a very interesting game. I have killed three of the five targets. The first three are not hard even if you try to complete the bonus objectives. But it does take some time for you to think about how you should arrange your operations. And of course, it is possible (at least I think) to play this game without sneaking or assassinating, but you might lose some fun of this game.BTW, I can not unlock the achievements though I've completed them. I guess it's another bug...."
,Recommended,274230,20217485,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Robear,"As a fan of Gunpoint I was eager to find similar experiences. RONIN takes a more combat-focused take on the concept, using an intuitive and simple turn system that is tactical and engaging. RONIN retains a stealth sytem like Gunpoint, but I feel that it can be almost abused with certain abilities (like the sword throw/retireve, checkhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8faF2H5YcRcfor a direct example)RONIN also has some very annoying bugs that should really have been ironed out when it was in early access. Almost on-command you can grapple yourself through a wall into an inescapable room with literally no way out of. This can happen on every level, and sometimes even teleports you to the end of the level, particuraly the last one.If you can look past this, and the rather high initial difficulty curve, RONIN is a great game with an amazing soundtrack too (seriously go listen to Swordpoint)"
76561198104486429,Recommended,274230,30677005,Posted: 22 March,all,hahaha,For when you hate yourself more than buying Dark Souls
,Recommended,274230,22475616,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,BlackboltLW,"This game quite pleases me so I'll make it shortPros- Stylish visuals, love them. RONIN herself is actually pretty cute- Gameplay, sure it's not ""full stealth"" but the combination of turn-based fight and ""kill everyone in quick succession"" is really awesome- Soundtracks, EFFING AWESOME, especially the Swordpoint Club level, go get the soundtracks on the special edition pack, totally worth it.- The Bonus Comic on special edition, adds to the storyCons- Bugs, not really noticable, but quite annoying on some part- Story is short, although I understand it's not focused on the story, probably I'm neutral about this.- Not that replayable, even after NG+. I really hope the dev adds level editor and/or community-created levels.To top it all, RONIN is an... ""Okay"" game, there's lot of good stuff that really makes me love it, but on the other side, not really fun to play.I suggest you buy this game, the Digital Special Edition one, whenever it's on sale. The game is okay, but the sountrack is totally awesome."
76561198194672499,Recommended,274230,22595145,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Im Taking Grade 11 Physics,It's a really fun game to just play when you're bored!
76561198056914201,Recommended,274230,22389783,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Mfoley0406,"So, to start off, this game is very short, I have played through it twice and I only have 12 hours in, this current playthrough took about 5 hours. Its a turn based game, and I consider that a loose sense of the word. How the combat works is that when you are spotted, you have generally a turn to kill things, excluding the samurai which will attack you immediatly after being seen. Once your enemies are ready to attack, a red line will appear showing the attack. So long as you arent there, you will be fine. There are only 15 levels in Ronin, though all of them past the second boss are fairly difficult, especially the ones after the forth boss. All of the abilities in the game are unlocked by completing all 3 of the decently easy challanges, Kill all enemies, dont raise the alarm, and dont kill civilians. Overall, its an amasing game, but to short and I am hoping for a second game."
76561198159441564,Recommended,274230,22492647,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,juliebean,"So i'm not gona lie to you this game is great fun and without a doubt difficult and allows all types of play styles.Although some are much easier then others.Reguardless in this game you need to be able to plan ahead and be quick although this is turned based you still need some quick thinking.Fair warning this game does have some very tedious moments with civialians and missions(the last missions is so difficult)Other than that i've only really had one bug happen to me where you jump or grapple onto a wall and you will be put into the wall with little to no chance of escape and will require a restart.anyways the game gets a 9/10 from me.P.S.In the last mission you don't have to kill evreyone.Only the ""Boss""."
,Recommended,274230,23054369,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Spiral,"Interesting puzzle game with a great soundtrack. Controls can be a bit frustrating and the game could do a lot more to explain the rules and mechanics, but overall rewarding to complete."
,Recommended,274230,22972843,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,kintetsu,Slice enemies with combos into pieces. Sign me up.The only 2 things I disliked was that the controls are sometime a bit weird and there fore you die and that you have every level the same optional objetives. All of these optional objectives must be completed to get a skill point which you need in higher levels to stand a chance. I had to replay some levels to get the missing skill points and with the new skills I was able to finish the objectives in other levels and so on and so on.But it's a really nice little game. I got it for 5€ incl soundtrack. Very good deal.
76561198034572515,Recommended,274230,20458345,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Ratchops,Solid game. Reminds me of Gunpoint except more glitchy. Luckily lots of autosaves before basically every combat so its not that bad at all.
,Recommended,274230,20499745,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Seyven,"I can't say enough good things about Ronin.Fast, Intelligent, Action Gameplay thats Turnbased. Not simple but esential in both mechanics and art.And I'm listening to the music when I'm not even playing."
,Recommended,274230,27891116,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bandaid Brand,I would just go play gunpoint. Not a bad game though but I would much rather recommend gunpoint.
,Recommended,274230,28149779,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Fragged,This is Gunpoint (also a great game) but with way less noir and way more murder.
76561198062120287,Recommended,274230,28133931,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,R0u63_H0und,"I love this game, the art and the gameplay. but the game so hard! if you try to jump off a platform diagonally, your charater will just not move and you will die. and the grappling hook is unusable for me in combat since he swings into a bullet more then get out of the way of it. over all im still recommending this game but some things just suck."
,Recommended,274230,28513382,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Mentat76,"Although it becomes a little repetetive at the end, it does capture you and you want to play more and more because it is fun. Turn based combat is something different in 2D platform environment. But it definitely grows on you.I love this game."
,Recommended,274230,28242287,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,snobored,"Just good fun. On the shorter side but new game plus adds to it by not just using additional or stronger enemies but by also adjusting behaviours, making new game plus actually feel like a new game"
76561197998364699,Not Recommended,274230,28228864,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,SavageShark,the mouse click is to sensative it becomes problematic when you're working on combos and attacks during combat.It becomes a chore of trial and error as you try to solve one combat routine after another.  This becomes more of a hair pulling game when the mouse click.
,Recommended,274230,27377423,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Guess Monster,It's a lot more fun when you realize you can glitch through walls with the grappling hook.
76561197970816086,Recommended,274230,27329775,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ThanatosX,Great stealth/puzzle gameplay. Well worth a place in your Steam library.
76561198058014562,Recommended,274230,30924830,Posted: 3 April,all,Joedcomp,"I first learned about 'RONIN' off the let’s play channel 'Rage Select' for their Indie Friday videos. Based on what they showed, it seem like a really interesting game.For the most part, I really enjoyed the game. Really dug the art design, and the music was solid.Game Play wise, It was interesting to have a kind of Turn based-puzzle-Stealth Game, though there were some aspect of the turn based mechanic I felt like could have been handled better. Particularly the use of a Jumping arch, which had time was a bit finicky or the character wouldn't jump the way the arch displayed. I would like to see a another game in this style at some point, because I was hooked on the game play.My biggest issue with the game though, is the paper thin story or lack of one. There is a simple story, some what like 'Kill Bill', but it's not fleshed out in any significant way. Even more so with the game having a 'Happy/Sad' ending, which didn't differ in any way that made it feel worth getting both endings, which was disappointing. There is a comic you can buy with the DLC (bundled with the Soundtrack), but it doesn’t really add much to the story then what is already in the game itself.That aside, I would give a soft recommendation to the game “RONIN”, maybe pick it up on a Steam Sale (maybe when it’s 50% off) if you get a chance if you want to check out something interesting."
76561198107926378,Recommended,274230,26395677,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Cracked Out Dog,I loved this game and finished everything I could in it but there isn't much repeatability in to it.
,Recommended,274230,26537617,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,BartiArtzMan,"NOTE: I only played this game with mouse and keyboardGame is cool but only if you like, turn based, short, sometimes hard, annoing games. sad it isn't worth buying it even on sale.nothing to keep us with this game I really loved to see simple level editor, where i could play community missions.This game have potencial but it's just short expierience game, the creator really wanted us to stay with that game so he added new game plus but still 15 normal missions which are sometimes annoing and 15+ missions with difference is just the most annoing enemyrifle manis more often AND he had new mehanic (making him even more annoing)  whichi thinkwas only added on THIS NEW GAME PLUS (which basicly making strategy turn base game to bullet hell in TURN BASED GAME!!) I recomend to play this if you bored and have 12 euros to pay for just 30 missions...12 friking euros only for 30 missions and i bought it on sale 6 euros and still reccomend it but also complain about it :/"
76561198099302762,Recommended,274230,26753537,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Bobthe6th,"Any game that makes me start singing ""The Man on the Flying trapeze"" is a good game.Any ""stealth"" game just tells you to kill everything, it is a win.No ""pacifist bonus"" to make the game a grind of tiptoeing around all the interesting combat.This is what I wish mark of the ninja was. Very clean combat, rewarding of exploration and planning. You could kill every guard in a massive melee after dozens of tries... or you could stealth around the place hanging half the enemies then pick a fight with the few guards left.The game really comes alive in new game+, when it can assume you have all the skills. Now the level designs get really tight and amazing.This game will be fairly short, I got 20 really fun hours out of it. I wish the dev had made more off of this game, and could have made sequels. Criminally underrated."
,Recommended,274230,26620063,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,41,Surprisingly well done for it's simplicity.I give it a Yes
,Recommended,274230,26596116,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,tyrannosaurus wrecks,"Summary: Very strategic and very bloody. Love the music and art style. Must have patience. Challenging but rewarding.Full: Interesting and engaging; great, longterm entertaining soundtrack; and engrossing turn-based combat system (not what I had expected from that). Sure, sometimes movement doesn't go as planned, but it's not game breaking. Short, but only as short as you are good at strategic movement (I am not great, took me 22 hours of gameplay... a good portion of that involving me walking away in frustration while the game was still running). Levels are successively difficult (what a surprise), in varying ways, so no monotony. I guess I just don't get the complaints, really. I don't mind being mad that I've died twenty times in a row, not when it's clearly my own danged fault.Suggest that we get to have a real-time recap cinematic at the end of each level. I want to watch my ninja fly through my moves!"
,Recommended,274230,26719791,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,suke,"Turn-based Kill Bill game. But at least Ronin is fun.Story isn't that interesting, but gameplay is. And it's fun, though gameplay mechanics are frustrating as hell. I used a gamepad and I died many times because of my own strategic mistakes, the rest of my deaths were because of the frustrating controls.I wish the game was a bit longer. Even though I haven't played newgame+ mode, I won't start it, since I love every hair strand on my head. I have no intention of losing them because of a luck-based, rage-inductive game with broken controls. Duh!And this is not a stealth game. Let's just kill everyone except for the annoying civilians."
,Recommended,274230,27077362,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tish_Guy,"For gameplay it's a really sweet combination of stealth in one phase (before they see you) and turn based strategy in the next (after they see you) one of those games that really makes you feel like a ninja. As far as the story goes while we don't know much about the heroine you really end up pulling for her simply from the way the narrative is constructed with the whole revenant-esque thing. All around I absolutely recommend it, there's a few bugs here and there, it's not awfully long but especially for the price I was pleasantly surprised. 7.5/10"
76561197999311857,Recommended,274230,28655968,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ChaosEvolution,"I'm actually not quite sure with this one, the gameplay itself is really great and if everything works out right it is a ♥♥♥♥ing blast. But... yeah a really big ♥♥♥♥ing but: This game is about dodging and threading the needle through a hail of bullets, which makes it a pretty big problem that the controls aren't as precise as they should be. You could describe it like this:It is like going to the shooting range with a muscle twitch, most of the time you'll shoot just fine, but then unexpectly you twitch and there goes your perfect score. In Ronin on the other hand you need exactly that perfect score to get through the level, you don't get it? Well bummer, see you at the last checkpoint. And the amount of of these little hiccups are a little to high:Getting stuck on wall, landing at the wrong side of an edge, getting stuck while trying to jump down of a platform, thinking you are safe but your hitbox thinks otherwise, grapplehook hiccups , when your combo meter is full you get automatically an additional turn (empties your combo meter) but after that you can't use your special abilities anymore and the jump arc which shows you where to jump and when your turn ends isn't precise at all: ""Oh you wanted, your turn to end here? Well I have a better Idea I give you a little bit more distance, you know the place where all those guys are aiming at..."". There were a few other little things that happend but they didn't happen as regulary.In the end all of this was managable because there are pretty regular checkpoints... until the last level where you get one checkpoint and that's it. If you try to get the good ending then you mustn't get hit once and if you haven't felt any frustration on the way there then this is the moment where all those little things are going to get annoying.In the end I'm going to recommend this game, although all the problems I had with this game, I had really much fun with it and on a sale you can't really go wrong with it."
76561197995289092,Recommended,274230,29091971,Posted: 7 January,all,[BC] Mr. Flibble,"Absolutly excelent. Absolutly nails the balance between merticulous planning and fast paced action. Fair warning though, New Game Plus mode has a major difficulty spike. On the other hand any game where I can hang my enemies as a warning to those who oppose me gets major points. Bonus points for doing it in a nightclub."
76561198023019827,Recommended,274230,16839151,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,buttonmasher,"Overall: Okay, but I returned this gameComments:- this is not a stealth game; the game even says so- strongly influenced by Gunpoint, but less tactical- somewhat like Mark of the Ninja, but with less stealth- more combat focused than Gunpoint or Mark of the Ninja- the combat is somewhat tactical, but also trial-and-errorLikes:- the combat is pretty funDislikes:- in combat, often hard to tell where you will end up after attacking, jumping, or using the grappling hook- can't move during combat; can only attack, jump, or use the grappling hook- jumping and using the grappling hook are often awkward to control- monotonous -- you basically do the same thing for every chapter.  The only difference is the layout and the number of enemies- the objectives are the same for every level- linear, straightforward level layout -- generally only one way to go- the bonus objectives are not really optional; you need to do them to get skill points- why is the elevator so slow"
76561197966618267,Recommended,274230,28996999,Posted: 3 January,all,White T Poison,"Really amazing game. There are a couple bugs like gltiching through walls at the worst moments and the occassion clunky pause, but otherwise this is one of the most fun indie games I've played,"
76561198097295942,Recommended,274230,29413967,Posted: 21 January,all,deathbird909,"This is an excellent game. A little on the short side, but not overly so.Turn-based combat makes it play almost like a puzzle game, figuring out how to take out the bad guys by weaving through bullet paths and fields of vision.Is it worth the price? At $13 dollars, it's given me as many hours of play with several to go, so I'd say so. It's not the bang-for-your-buck of an open world game like Fallout New Vegas or Skyrim, but it lacks the bloat as well. Pick it up on sale."
,Recommended,274230,31383622,Posted: 26 April,all,sweet buns,"On one hand i love this game for its unic gameplay. Yes, its moving mechanics is very similiar to Gunpoint and developers even not hiding that they borrowed it from Gunpoint. Making joke of it:""Hint: this is not a spy game. Just kill everyone""I love it also for music, for stylish visuals and for ""easy"" story WITHOUT A SINGLE TEXT I HAD TO READ (hello, Gunpoints ♥♥♥♥ing storry in mails).But on the other hand, i hate it. I hate it for being random. Let me explain. When in turn-based game you are doing exactly the same thing after reload, you expect that consequence will be the same, but not in this game. You need to be patient and lucky to make enemys point in the spot you need.Also, very frequently it happens that line shows my traectory one way (i'm not hiting the enemy), but character does exactle the opposit (hits the enemy).Manual pause sometimes works strange...Thees three things are broken and made me die alot.Other weak points:- Very few kill animations- Autotriggering of ""doubleaction"" abilityIn the end of the day, i would say - buy it on sale, it might give you few intresting evenings."
76561198037809694,Recommended,274230,31873571,Posted: 20 May,all,The7Architects,"Pretty good overall, worth a play although it suffers from some lack of polish in a few areas.Gameplay is pretty solid, soundtrack+visuals are great. Level design is overall above average, and it was enjoyable to play.Some areas are tooth-grindingly difficult unless you cheese it with semi-OP abilities, and indications of where the hitboxes will be after moving would be nice so you know if a jump will put you under a bullet or in front of it, and the inability to move regularly (mainly climb up ledges) during combat is a bit of an annoyance.Overall I'd prob. give it a 7/10. Worth buying while it's on sale for a bit but I dunno if I'd feel satisfied if I'd bought it for full price. Oh yeah and tricking the sword enemies into dashing out a window is great every time.Also what's up with achievements not unlocking? Beat the game and didn't get a single one."
76561198042506008,Recommended,274230,31873181,Posted: 20 May,all,GreenNeko,"Yes I reccomend the game, but only because I feel the concept is novel and should be seen. HOWEVER, the concept was mishandeled in the way of level design in some areas. There are quite a few points in the game where the map and enemy placement does not cohesively work together at all. My least favorite level by far was the Soldier's, in that level it felt like an artifical difficulty spike for a few reasons, namely that the players options are limited in unintuitive ways. The level had light posts in two points between where the Solider and the main meat of his men were placed yes, but neither are reachable with one jump, and you cannot grapple to them. There are multiple enemies with machine guys spaced out in such a way it is impossible to get rid of them before engaging the entire rest of the group. This effectively limits the players ability to move vertically, and in that level such a thing makes it frustrating because of the sheer number of enemies and shots coming your way. A simple way to completely fix all of this would to be adding a way to clean off each of the enemies with machine guns, or to lower the ceiling above the main group, or just make the light posts able to be grappled to at all. As it is, the map feels it has way too much wasted potential, I feel if the developers took more time to playtest levels to make them enjoyable moreso than difficult, issues like this would not arrise. All in all I do suggest playing it, but there are still plenty of things wrong with it that I just cannot agree with from a design standpoint."
,Recommended,274230,31882966,Posted: 21 May,all,m0s,"If you get it on a sale, it's kind of fun to play. Doesn't deserve 10$ though."
,Recommended,274230,31889264,Posted: 21 May,all,Gedweb,"It just ""Mark of the Ninja"" in light edition with piece of some story.If buy this game with discount, you will not be disappointed.But:- game looks like not completly finished- nobody know when you can use your unloked skill- and you can find yourself out of the map"
,Recommended,274230,31904864,Posted: 22 May,all,Unknown.Jpg | trade.tf,Took me 2 hours to kill the last boss.. bootyful
76561198307846334,Recommended,274230,31901341,Posted: 22 May,all,ayan.amlinsky,very epic and cool game!!!
76561198072861725,Recommended,274230,31924715,Posted: 23 May,all,keeslermatt3,"It's a fun Puzzle-Platformer. I have no idea why it has the stealth tag when the game itself says it's not a stealth game. It is a fun, violent, jumping puzzler and nothing more."
,Recommended,274230,31918816,Posted: 23 May,all,RRGreiner,"TLDR: Ronin is a great game that will challenge you just enough to be truly enjoyable without being too easy. If you are a fan of laid back, brainy action over twitch gameplay this one is a must buy.Ronin is a great idea with some really interesting mechanics. The turn based, time stalling way in which combat plays out makes timing less imprtant than strategy and helps to define the experience as a whole. The use of your various skills will also play an important role in success.Moving around during any non-combat portion of the game is a combination of WASD and mouse controls. What is different from most games is that jumping is done with the mouse. Holding left click and moving the mouse will pause time and display a line that indicates the arc of your jump. You can also use a grappling hook to tether to walls, ceilings and floors mid-jump. Holding space will pause the action as well allowing you the opportunity to time certain actions like reeling in your hook.During combat the jump arc will also turn red for longer jumps. This indicates that your turn will end before the jump is complete. This can be used to plan to your advantage and force enemies to aim a specific area, allowing you to perform an action at just the right time.Jumping directly into an enemy can stun them and also gives you a point toward your limit break, which allows you to use learned skills. Making the best of each move can result in impressive combos that can see you clear a room in only a few moves. Not making good use of your moves, on the other hand, can quickly put you on the defensive and will have you struggling to create an opening for youyrself.There are only a few different enemy types to contend with, unfoetunately. Your first encounter with the few different enemy types will require some trial and error to overcome. Once you have learned the behavior of each enemy, however, you will find that much of the challenge revolves around defeating them quickly, before they can sound an alarm.Each level has a set of three bonus objectives that involve sparing civilians, killing all enemies in the level, and avoiding the triggering on an alarm. A good portion of the challenge on the first playthrough is ensuring that you complete all three bonus objectives as doing so will grant you a skill point. These point are used between levels to purchase new skills such as the ability to throw your sword or leave a decoy to confuse enemies.The story is that of a woman out for revenge in a very Kill Bill sort of way. There are five individuals that she has decided simply MUST die. Every target has three levels to play through, with the objective of the third being the target themselves. While there is just enough story to keep things interesting I would have liked a little more back story on each of the targets as well as your character herself.The game does have a few flaws. Jumps can be wonky at times, landing you on the same platform you started on when you were trying to jump below. Also the checkpoints can put you pretty far from a difficult section, resulting in a need to traverse large portions of the level again in order to retry. Also the game feels short. Five bosses with three levels each results in a total of 15 levels. The new game plus option adds some replay to each level by considerably changing enemy placement and tightening restrictions on bonus objectives, but I did find myself wanting more by the end.My time with Ronin has been filled with thrilling and slick maneuvers and frustrating trial and error. On the one hand clearing a room of enemies by utilizing your many skills can lead to some really slick runs (recalling your sword and jumping over it to knock down an enemy while the sword moves past you and kills another guy is awesome). On the other hand missing the bonus objective because an enemy managed to call for help is extremely frustrating. Despite the frustrating areas, including a few I had to retry a dozen or more times, I throughly enjoyed this tale of vague revenge."
76561198046616908,Recommended,274230,31925880,Posted: 23 May,all,Yarrun,"The thing that struck me the most about RONIN is that it's a lot more violent than most games in the genre. With games like Mark of the Ninja or Gunpoint, the default way of playing is to stealth it up, with a number of levels that can and occasionally should be completed without encountering the enemy. With RONIN, in order to get skill points and upgrade your abilities, you have to complete the optional objectives in each level. And every level's optional objectives requires you to kill all the enemies and to not trigger lockdown, which will occur if an enemy hasn't seen you for nine seconds or nine turns, preventing you from killing one enemy and then disappearing into the shadows. And that's not getting into the way the game will often force you into combat encounters. The stealth mechanics are still strong enough, but the game makes it bluntly clear that you're not supposed to sneak past most obstacles; stealth just lets you pick when you want to start fighting.But I suppose I can't blame the game for that, since the turn-based combat is where the game really shines. Again, you're  encouraged to attack as much as possible, since your abilities are only usable after a certain number of knockouts or kills.  But you also have to figure out how to arrange your kills so you don't get shot at the end of the turn, while keeping track of when everyone's going to reload and when that guy you knocked down last turn will be ready to fire again. And the later enemy types open up more strategy while making the game harder. The samurai is immune to most special attacks and requires two hits, but the dash can be timed so that he knocks out another guard or accidentally flies out a window. Gunmen will lock out a portion of the screen for two turns. Sentries will start the lockdown countdown as soon as they see you, forcing you to prioritize them. It's a lot to balance, forcing you to figure out who to take out first and where to start.That said, it ain't perfect. The game tends to slow down a bit when outside of combat, occasionally, jumps won't go exactly where you want them to go, and there's this occasional bug where you try to make a huge jump and bunny hop instead, which has cost me, like, half a dozen deaths. And the plot's basically a few lines cut out of an off-brand Kill Bill script. But it's a nice twist on the 2D stealth platformer. I'll recommend it."
,Recommended,274230,31934154,Posted: 24 May,all,Mr. Pube,"Absolutely fantastic. Fun, challenging, interesting story (though you are definitely left a bit in the dark without the comic add on).I am an extremely ragey gamer, and even I don't get angry or frustrated when failing. Failure is fun in this game, it just challenges you to try something different.For the price point and the fact that it is not some major studio produced game, I would honestly give it a 10/10."
76561198053208546,Recommended,274230,32021932,Posted: 28 May,all,mr.grzegorzwolski,Too easy. If not for faulty stearing and misleading in game jump arcs there would be no challenge in it. Still I believe it is worth it! Something new at least for me. When you know how things work and you get yourself some nice skills it is pure mayhem :)
,Recommended,274230,28216693,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,A N A M E Y,"very gud gameplay, turnbased thing, cool artstyle, short but sweet like a loli"
76561198086227332,Recommended,274230,31978610,Posted: 26 May,all,That Gray Cartoon Pony,"Very nice game, especially the art style. :3"
,Not Recommended,274230,31968318,Posted: 26 May,all,TheVideoRascal,"After playing Gunpoint (and loving it btw) I have been hyped for Ronin.Unfortunately, I didn't think the turn-based nature of the game would be as much of a turn off as it was. The game does not play fluidly, part of which comes from poor ui and bad controls. The game is actually too simple for it's own good, which hurts the gameplay in the end. There are games with light gameplay that can be tons of fun, this game is not one of them"
,Recommended,274230,31923138,Posted: 23 May,all,Владимир CSGO500,play leveldie 50 times in the same placegive up for a momenttry 50 more timeswatch youtube tutorialdo the same thing multiple timestake your new skills to the gamefail 50 timesgive up for 2 daysbeat is first try10/10
,Not Recommended,274230,31920307,Posted: 23 May,all,Mine Turtle,it's like figthing whit a crap on a stick aganist raiden and scorpion duo
,Not Recommended,274230,32072272,Posted: 30 May,all,NAffty,"pros:neato story, new fighting mechanics and awesome moves  to pull off.NOTE:The only reason i have such cons is because I have played gunpoint and deadbolt, extremely similar games that did what this game did but better.cons:annoying and seemingly impossible levels without perks, Getting lasers shined at your every next move, stealth unforgiving as given 8 seconds to take down who ever saw your shadow for a split second and another con is that this game isnt gunpoint. I still liked it but would reccomend gunpoint or deadbolt instead.Awesome but would not reccomend current price (i got on devolver digital sale)6.5/10UPDATE:I just remember that the story is unexplained and revolves around you killing people because ""they know what the have done"" Im going to agree with many other reviews and tell you i wanted to like it, it had such great potential, but falls short of what i expected as playing gunpoint first."
,Recommended,274230,32134054,Posted: 2 June,all,Krankman,"A thoroughly enjoyable game. Very entertaining, challenging, and addictive.Other reviewers' complaints about the control are not entirely baseless. But with patience and carefulness it is possible to get a feeling for the physics of the game and to learn to master the control of the character.There is more to discover than you might think during the first hours of gameplay. I have played for more than 6 hours now and I think that I have only just started getting a really good feeling for the game. (I may have to add that I haven't played games of this kind a lot. But my experience with Ronin will make it much more likely for me to play more games like it in the future.)I think the regular price is justified. If you get it on sale, even better."
76561198130739156,Recommended,274230,32236318,Posted: 7 June,all,geekpride,"In summary:  Good, but not great.  More levels and content would have been welcome.This isn't a perfect game, but it's one that I found highly enjoyable.  As a lot of the other reviews have pointed out, the controls and movement aren't as intuitive as they could be and take some getting used to.  But once you get the hang of it, the game becomes really satisfying.  The early missions are fairly easy and let you get away with rushing in, facing the enemies and hacking them down with your sword.  The later missions are a lot tougher, and will make you feel like a murderous version of Batman.  Trying to fight all the enemies directly will get you killed, so you have to sneak around in the shadows, picking them off one by one.  And there's some brilliant hidden depth when you're doing it.  The enemies respond to stuff happening around them, so you can make them look in a particular direction by shutting down a computer, smashing a window or sending an empty lift to attract attention.  And once they're distracted, you can get behind them and pick off some more, or choose how to start the battle and which one will be your first victim.You will need to unlock the different skills you can pick up to beat the game, especially on the harder New Game Plus mode, but this actually works well, allowing you to get used to a new ability before you unlock another one.  And there is a basic skill tree, so although you can unlock everything, you do get to choose which new trick you learn next.The only real downsides to this game are the slightly tricky controls and that it is short - I beat it and got all achievements in about 30 hours of gameplay.  But when my main complaint is that I wanted more, that's a pretty good recommendation."
76561198269404743,Recommended,274230,32384009,Posted: 13 June,all,Minivandiesel,"This game (I haven't even finished it yet) has a few rusty errors. Like, for instance, you want to jump onto the floor from a platform, and the jump arc SAYS that you'll hit the floor, but then you land on another platform. I DO NOT reccomend this game if you have low patience. It will get you... REALLY. ♥♥♥♥ING. MAD. I actually got mad to the point of tears because sometimes, the game really doesn't want to do what YOU want to do. Basically, what I'm trying to say is:This game is incredibly fun, but at times (mostly the Officer Fight), if have low patience (like me) and a high temper (still like me), and you hate getting mad or live with a roommate or you're a kid and your parents are often at home:Do. Not. Get. This. Game.But, if you are incredibly patient, or just don't have or care about any of those things, then go ahead. It's a fantastic, fun, gore galore. But the most gore involved is just a whole bunch of blood, so don't worry."
76561198197193157,Not Recommended,274230,32312833,Posted: 10 June,all,proto,"Pros:+Unique+You feel badass+Atmosphere+GraphicsCons:-Gameplay can often be infuiriating and sometimes battles are impossible if you dont do some stealth kills beforehand-You expect the pieces of backstory to all make sense in the end but the game just doesn't deliver, I wouldn't like to spoil the ending but there just isn't anything to spoil.-Elevators are slow (This is a very very minor complaint)-Difficulty curve feels like its going up and down at random-Unarmed attack with sword throw is OP-Ending achievements are broken. (Minor complaint and this might be an issue on my side.)"
76561198040637039,Recommended,274230,32299260,Posted: 9 June,all,enlightedmonkey,Controls could be better. Also there is an annoying bug that don't let you jump off the ledges at an acute angle.  But unique gameplay and good atmosphere make this game satisfying. Also cyber samurai included!
,Not Recommended,274230,17293361,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,nosirrbro,"Its fun, sure, but towards the end it became unplayably buggy. It crashed every time. I kept having to restart. A few times I somehow got ontop or below the world."
76561198061275335,Recommended,274230,33986317,Posted: 2 August,all,eriknastesjo,"What I love about this game is that it's beautiful, difficult to beat and got great control mechanisms. Depending on the level I also find myself using a lot of different techniques including hanging, teleport and throwing sword. I would say that throwing sword technique is sometimes too cheap as a method (but still soo satisfying!!).Strongly recommend using the mouse/keyboard instead of gamepad in this game actually because it's REALLY hard to jump accurately with the gamepad."
76561197990748489,Recommended,274230,34059450,Posted: 6 August,all,JimZombie,"Ninja-action-puzzles. I really liked this one. Some of the levels are so tight and ridiculously tough, but usually fun and rewarding. Then you meet the last level, which is all sorts of unfair and cruel. I spent a good hour trying to get through that and have left it to sit and mellow. Great graphics and fun, if somewhat simple, action puzzles.If I had to talk cons I'd say that the controls aren't always great and lead to more than a few frustrating deaths. Also the way the last level is made artificially harder, becoming a recurring nightmare of trial and error.."
76561198034146831,Recommended,274230,34114495,Posted: 8 August,all,Kris,"A bit of a mixed bag at first. An unforgiving difficulty curve and wonky joypad controls (aim jumps with the right stick and release to jump often results in not quite ending up where you wanted to go) make this a game you could easily bounce off.However, after switching to the mouse & keyboard control scheme, and learning to kill as many guards as possible in realtime mode (with extensive use of pause giving you massive control over the grappling hook that you just don't get in turn-based mode) it all clicked, and I even enjoyed playing through the extra-hard new game+ mode.Recommended if you don't mind spending some time learning a games foibles, and dying a lot."
76561198018943226,Recommended,274230,17865537,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Larimar,"Ronin is great little ninja game. It is a kind of turnbased action puzzler, which is very enjoyable. It gives you an awesome experience of being a katana master, who can go into a fight with guys armed with guns. So good. You have to try it!Edit: I have now finished the game and I found out that it actually has a new game plus feature. I really like that :-)"
,Recommended,274230,34382101,Posted: 20 August,all,jasonjrobinson,"This game is beyond awesome! Some call it a Gunpoint Ripoff, but it's MUCH different and WAY better... but I'm having trouble finding games that are as great as either. it's similar to wrath of the ninja, but turn based almost... you just have to play it..."
76561198042757315,Recommended,274230,34895644,Posted: 11 September,all,SamuraiCupcake,"So I just finished the game! Damn... it was to be honest quite an experience. Despite its many flaws, I couldn't let go of the controller (then realised it plays much better with mouse+keyboard, so I switched to that).In order of best to worst :1- Music. The music in this game is really well done, with asian instrumentals and really good ambience & battle themes. Really kicks♥♥♥♥♥ and so will you when you play!2- The art style. The overall style is very much inspired by Quentin Tarantino's Kill Bill movies, and like it its very slick. Everything is minimal but appealing.3- Gameplay. Would be number 1 if it weren't for the issues here. This game may seem like a stealth game, but as the hints will admit, it is not. Enemies are unavoidable and must die, which is ok, as this is a very fun ACTION game. Turn-based action, to be precise, and I really enjoyed the strategy in deciding where to jump to avoid the many incoming gunfire. But the most glaring issue is the fact sometimes the character would get stuck on a platform, instead of jumping where I wanted to, resulting in my death. Many, many times, I would die because of this. It was very frustrating, but in the end, I still thoroughly enjoyed the challenging & tactical battles and finally succeeding was hugely satisfying.4- Controls. Oh my. This is a clunker. I so, so wanted to love this game, but the controls is what stopped me. I played most of the game with my Xbox Controller, and jeez, it is annoying. The aiming, specicially. You aim your abilities - jumping, grappling hook, etc - using the joystick. And it is so fiddly and it moves super fast, making it very hard to be precise, in a game where this is essential. Then, as soon as you let go, it performs the action. So many times did I let go by accident, when changing angle for instance, and jump to my death. Then there's actual bugs. About half the time, the grappling hook won't shoot, despite the aiming interface saying it should work. This didn't happen on mouse & keyboard, so I HIGHLY recommend NOT playing with a controller!5- Story. Or lack thereof. Spoiler alert : there is zero dialog. The only story tidbits are before missions where you find your target to assassinate. And it doesn't reveal much. On the loading screen, you have a photograph with some mysterious figures, some of which you assassinate. But its a shame because almost nothing is revealed on some, nothing on others, including the main character. I really think if they decide to make a RONIN 2, they could actually flesh out the story, because I think it is interesting and I loved Kill Bill, which seems like the same kind of scenario. It could be a prequel!I'll recommend the game since I honestly had a lot of fun and felt like a badass swinging around with the grappling hook, slashing left and right with a katana, charging up skills and deftly jumping between lines of fire. It was awesome to master the perfect strategy to pass through the levels, especially the last one which was very hard!If only the dev had fixed the bugs it would have been perfect.Try the Demo! Props for that! So few games actually have demos nowadays."
,Recommended,274230,35029999,Posted: 17 September,all,Lumic,"One of the most intense turn-based combat experiences I have ever had. I would love to see the dev put out the engine for this game. A deep, story-based RPG using this combat system would be nothing short of brilliant!"
,Not Recommended,274230,35033350,Posted: 17 September,all,Marche,"I couldn't end up finishing this game. There are a lot of cool concepts in how it plays, but the controls in combat are too janky. Your mileage may very, but it got extremely frustrating when the inconsistent mouse controls or the start-stop nature of the timing takes control away from you and reminds you that you're playing a slightly-above mediocre action game."
76561197965046644,Recommended,274230,35100444,Posted: 21 September,all,DarkSnakeSoul,I'm just going to say I beat this game on the hardest difficulty and man did I want to throw my control out the window and run it over a million times. The game is rather fun but at the same time gets a bit challenging as every move you make will move the enemy randomly and everytime you stop moving the game pauses. So yeah just be prepared to plan out your moves and on the higher difficulty...be ready for some restarts.Overall if you like challenge and planning your every move then I suggest giving this a try. The end is rather interesting as well depending on what you play it :D.
