user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197995224922,Recommended,274290,11460460,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Triple M,"When playing Gods Will Be Watch, It's important to remember that not every game is for every person, and that not every game fits neatly into the catagories we've created for games.If you are interested in it because it is described as a point and click adventure, you should reconsider. On the surface this looks to be true, but under the hood sits a different beast. Instead we find a survival sim, ala Oregon Trail, with almost no forgiveness in it's computerized soul. There are strategies and ideas that work, but quite often you have to roll the dice and pray.At any point, a single wrong decision or unlucky break at the wrong moment can send you screaming back to the begining of a chapter undoing half hour worth of work. The more mercenary you are, the more wiggle room you are given. Kindness may or may not be rewarded, and sometimes will be acts of futility or suicide. Soon it becomes a balance of risk and failure, of cost and rewards. You are forced to buy time more than once at the cost of your own flesh. People will die, and you never know who you really want to save.Thrown into this mix are a set of metarules that neither the player nor the character know about until they are stumbled across. You'll stumble across them at the worst of moments, wasting time you never really have but serve as puzzle pieces to the larger narative.That said, the question becomes: is it worth it a playthru?My answer is a cautious 'yes' to those who like creative and harsh gameplay or those looking for a different experience."
,Not Recommended,274290,11453917,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,A Victim of Stars,"5/28/15 EDIT: I've been meaning to update this review to reflect the changes introduced by the game's extra difficulty options an I apologize for not having done so sooner. While I haven't spent a lot of time playing the new modes, all evidence points towards them providing acceptable alternatives which fix some of the issues highlighted below. I will leave my original review intact as the main difficulty hasn't changed any, and will hopefully have additional thoughts up eventually.Original ReviewAs I sit here and enter the same commands over and over again, I feel a certain autonomy take over. My mind has numbed to the plight of those whom I hold at the end of my gun. Empathy has long since ejected from the escape pods and crash landed onto a dead, sandy planet nearby. Common sense jettisoned eons ago. I shoot them in non-vital locations, I punch them repeatedly ‘til their faces look like the meat Rocky used to practice with. They beg me not to do anything crazy and I just don’t care. Oceans gush forth from blood stained eyes, the salty water providing no comfort or nourishment to parched souls. My finger is quivering above the trigger, its cold steel the only thing I know anymore. Lost to the hypnotic whir of densely packed computerized science equipment, I drift off in a daze in the midst of the situation. Why do I feel so disconnected from these horrific events? Have I always been this broken or has something made me this way? Why is it that, somewhere in the back of my mind, I feel like I have done this all before?Oh, that’s right. Because I ♥♥♥♥ing have.Gods Will Be Watching has been advertised as a game about choice, moral conundrums, and how far you’ll go for the sake of the mission. This is, unfortunately, not what the game turned out to be. Instead, it may be best to view it as a puzzle game, one in which you need to figure out the optimal pattern for shooting hostages in the leg, hacking the computer, and holding  off the oncoming SWAT team, all while keeping your hostages from losing their minds or getting a little too comfortable instead of fitting tetrominos together for a high score. It had all of the potential to be a memorable, stressfully worthwhile “experience” like Papers, Please. Unfortunately, the execution of its many parts fail to come together in any meaningful way, much like the game’s choices or lack thereof.Despite flashing choice as though you were at an all-you-can-cry buffet of nerve testing conundrums a la The Walking Dead Season 1, there’s very little in the way of consequence to anything you do. Characters whom you watch violently expire from this godless universe will magically re-appear in the later chapters, which I will cover more later, even going so far as to having their ghost speak to you. Every situation has a set of conditions that must absolutely be met in order to progress or else you will be judged by the gods as unworthy and forced to redo the entire chapter. Failing to keep a specific person alive can doom you towards the end of a segment, mismanaging your various resources could lead to an instant ‘game over’, or the RNGods may decide that on this die roll that revolver will finally go off and plaster the wall with your brains.The skill-based deaths and resets I could forgive to a degree, but the fact that die rolls can force you to lose 30 minutes of progress requiring you to do every painstaking move over again to try and progress is mind boggling. Even more so when you realize that there are no mid-chapter saves at all. The only saves that occur take place at the beginning of a chapter, so if you have to quit the game at all you will need to either finish that chapter first or be okay with your work vanishing. To call this a shortcoming is understating how frustrating the entire lack of saves thing really is. Almost every single chapter drags on needlessly and could have easily been cut in half with progress doubled to allow each scenario to only last 10-15 minutes instead of 30-45.I audibly groaned when the torture sequence teased that it would last longer than 20 days. The desert scenario is almost entirely centered around RNG rolls and luck deciding you were worthy. At least some of the other chapters, such as the hostage scenario in chapter one, tie their mechanics to detailed animations that give you an idea of exactly where you stand with each element of the puzzle. The Russian Roulette segment can, and potentially will, send you back to the beginning of the chapter it appears in. I mean, I watched The Deer Hunter too and I didn’t think it would make for a good idea in a video game! Thematically, it’s cool, but leave it to cutscenes like Killer 7 did.It’s a shame too, as the story presented could have made more of an impact if people could actually make it to the final chapters to see everything tie together. Players have been noticing a lot of inconsistencies and oddities, citing the game’s touting of choice as though it would matter and being disappointed that killing off a character in one chapter would leave them alive in the next. The story does, in fact, get around to explaining why this occurs but it happens so late in the game that I worry most players will have given up long before then. I get that the story uses the cycle of repeating the scenarios over and over again but it’s just not that fun. It’s like a Coen Brothers movie that misses its own point.Gods Will Be Watching tested my patience, caused me to do things I wouldn’t have ordinarily considered doing, and made me live out the harsh life of Sgt. Burden, with us both wondering why the Gods insisted on punishing us so. In the end, the developers’ insistence on arbitrary difficulty through randomization under pressing time and resource limits and difficulty spikes really slaughters any momentum that could build up and may leave players feeling unsatisfied. I grew so frustrated by restarts that I ended up caving and playing on easy. Even then, the game was no cake walk. Perhaps the point of the game is to break me down and wear out my ability to give a damn. But somewhere deep within myself and Sgt. Burden, we found the will to continue on. Something driving us forward despite the odds. But not many others will, I fear. And for their sake, I hope the Gods are listening as well.If you enjoyed this review, feel free to check it out athttp://www.rgz.ca/gaming/gods-will-be-watching-review-nihils-hymn/along with my other reviews as they come. Thanks!"
,Recommended,274290,16324334,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Crimson King,"Gods Will Be Watching...This game is poetry.At First you will find yourself questioning why the hell this God damned RNG keeps you from progressing through the chapters. You will think all your efforts to get out of the situations, while keeping everything else in one piece, focusing on the well-being of everyone around you are meaningless when that one chamber loaded with a bullet is fired, or when you reach a dead end in a desert, all based solely on chance.You'll start off trying your best to advance through the chapters and keep everyone mentally and physically safe, only to find yourself wandering through a desert in the game over screen. You'll start questioning if that's fair, if the devs were just stupid while designing the game, making you fail even after you made all the ""right"" choices. You will then start to make some harsh choices, sacrificing the mental well-being for the sake of physical safety of the characters. You will then maybe start to make some progress until something random happens (like that one chamber loaded with a bullet is fired) and you're in that desert again, wondering what did you do wrong this time.You will start over, now focusing on advancing, you'll start to make some physical sacrifices for the sake of survival. You'll make a person eat its loved one so that everyone can get away of a situation, or execute people in cold blood just to make sure there's enough oxygen for everyone to breathe. You'll stop caring about the random factor - or your own mistakes, even - that keeps taking you back to that desert. You'll also stop caring about the people around you, it doesn't matter if you'd care, if you're prone to fail anyways.And for that matter, failure is always at your doorstep, it really doesn't matter which choice did you make in the end, as long as that end is met. You will then see why 30% of the user reviews are negative, and all of them are focusing on this ""your choices don't matter"" as the single, most negative point of the game. I gotta say that's something pretty unfair. You see, the choices you make actually doesn't matter at all, that's the whole point of the game, and this is a good thing, this game would be pretty pointless without it, actually (there's the puzzle mode for that non-random experience, it sucks).I won't tell you exactly why choices not mattering is the whole point of the game, that would be spoiling. But I'm sure you'll get it by the end of it.Or you won't, maybe you'll turn a blind eye to the phylosophycal plot behind this ruthless experience and focus on the ruthless experience itself, just to come here at the store page and whine about RNG, or maybe you just want to have a good time getting frustrated, and are tired of playing something like Dark Souls.Hell, I wouldn't even write this damn review if it wasn't for the ""fairness situation"" and why it's genius and makes you move away from the PC and take a walk outside to digest what your mind just registered.If you just want to enjoy the harsh situations the main character experiences, the game has a mode that turns randomness off called puzzle mode i guess. But i truly advise against it, for which you would automatically lose all the story making sense, and why the game over screen is not actually the game getting over, and that you did not lose any progress at all in your failed attempts.But, all in all, in the end, it is all meaningless, your choices in life, just like your choices in-game, are meaningless, out there, there's a guy who didn't write this review, or any review whatsoever, or he (she? it?) did, it does not matter. We were born by chance, and chance surrounds us. Everytime i fail or succeed, be it at an exam, at hitting on girls, or at a video game, i can see it does not have a single piece of importance, the outcome doesn't matter, because i know that the universe is so great that even the most well-thought and overall good choices will lead only to chaos.We just gotta continue playing this game of chance, feeling that the universe is mocking us at every step."
,Recommended,274290,12600052,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Mango King,"I initially preorded the collector’s edition of Gods Will Be Watching with a friend because I’m a huge fan of another game Devolver Digital produced, Hotline Miami. I expected to pick it up for a few hours, beat it in a day, and never think much about it after that. I was wrong.For one, this game is hard as hell. Even after the mercy update which added additional puzzle and narrative only modes that remove some of the chance, I spent honest to god hours trying to beat some of the chapters. The results were rewarding, don’t get me wrong, but every death sent me back to the beginning and with no checkpoint saving that meant every decision I made had the potential to send me down a different path within the level. There were many times that I would have ditched the damn thing, as I’m not a patient person and honestly, point and clicks rarely interest me. But this one did, because it isn’t really a point and click. It’s more of a resource managing survival simulator with a really killer soundtrack.You follow the life of a man named Burden and direct him in seven different levels; a break in, a torture chamber, a laboratory, a desert. In every chapter, lives are in your hands, and there are often few repercussions for deciding to end those lives or choosing to save them. Do you inject a trusting pet with a poison to find a cure to save your whole team? Do you kill a child to get a security code that might save an entire planet? There’s nothing really stopping you from turning Burden into the most callous antihero you can imagine except that at the end of each level you can see how every other player did and what choices they made.The game is also incredibly story driven, carefully constructing a gritty universe through simplistic (and gorgeous) pixel graphics and dialogue. The fun part is that while the end in pretty much the same no matter what you do, the small choices you make in early chapters will effect the rest of the game very quietly. I’ve rarely felt so haunted and confused as when I killed a teammate in Gods Will Be Watching, not because what happened was scary but because it didn’t matter.I’m not going to go too much into that because, spoilers, but if you’re looking for something to lose sleep over for a few days this game will certainly help pass the time. As I type this the game is on sale for $5usd, but it's definitely worth the $20 I paid for the collector's edition."
,Recommended,274290,19294004,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:DeconstructeamPublishers:Devolver DigitalInitial release:July 2014Genre:Adventure, Point and Click, Story Heavy#Worth/NotWorth:#AbsolutelyWorthExposition, Concurrence and SummationGods will be watching is a meter management simulator gone wild.This game is not for the feint of heart or the easily trifled with. There are roughly (I didn't count) 7 difficulty settings. The hardest being.. original. I played the first 3 chapters this way. I failed over and over. So, not really being super into failing I started over on 'narrative' mode. The “easiest” of them all. Now, it WAS easier, my decisions did not effect the variables as greatly but guess what.. I failed over and over probably 10-30 times each scenario. But each time with new information as to what needed to be prioritized. Believe it or not it all comes together narratively in the end and I want to tell you now; it's super satisfying.This game is highly narratively driven. It is technically an adventure game but most of the puzzles take place on a single screen. The puzzles are very complicated and unforgiving, not because of pixel hunts or anything you might expect but because each scenario you find yourself in has about 10 or more variables that change with every decision. It is turn based and through discovery you'll find that some actions are free and give a better handle on the situation. Each time you fail you come back with more knowledge of the previous attempt. Do I focus more on keeping people alive or moving forward? Do I focus more on getting the information I need or staying true to my allegiances? Each time you'll find through experimentation what makes what tick and how much it'll take before it pushes back.I mentioned it was a meter management sim, only, not until later on when things get really sticky do you have concise information about where the meters are or even what your actions will produce as a result. That is, until you find out their consequences first hand. But until that comes you've no idea what position those meters are in or how much your actions do or do not affect them.Each scenario puts you in charge of multiple people or rather one person delegating orders. And to this games credit, every time something bad happens, every time someone dies, despite the very real fact that it may have been another character doing the action possibly due to your inaction. It feels like its your fault, as if you are entirely responsible and had it not been for your indecision or blatant lack of thought during the making of your decision things could have worked out so much better for everyone.Each decision due to the fragile nature of things adds that much more meaning to it. I hate to go on and on about how great the ending feels and how it all collides together. But I'm going to, the mounting frustration due to the failure of each puzzle and how rewarding it is to finally overcome such adversity and impossible situations is truly rewarding. Easily one of the most frustratingly beautiful games I've played in recent years.Not for everyone/10 but truly rewarding for those that do complete it.Follow my curation for more"
76561198019247746,Not Recommended,274290,13627854,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,[AKB48] Money Bags,"The tagline of this game should read ""Your choices don't matter.""I never seen a game that is so anti-choice, it literally embodies it into the story and makes it part of the gameplay. And smugly claims ""That is how its supposed to be"". So basically a game where the makers admit is designed poorly, and forego immersion for the least interesting part of the story.It starts on the wrong foot by having the first level be the hardest one, because nothing like a bad first impression.On the second level we are shown their stellar QA, where if your buddy dies he still keeps talking during the scenes. And surprise! It doesn't matter because the story continues as if nothing happened to him.The third level is the better designed one, but still none of your choices get carried over, removing any challenge from it due to lack of any real consequences.In the fourth level I had 3 people of my crew die, and that only made the level easier. allowing me to I click wherever halfway through.The fourth level almost seemed like it involved some tactics, but then you realize there is only one proper way to play it, and it becomes busywork.I liked the idea of the fifth level initially, but that all went alway when I finished it by just guessing the password codes, which I wasnt expecting the game to let me.And then comes the final battle, the ultimate middle finger to the concept of choices, where the final boss just telegraphs his moves and you have to select the proper counter move. The last attack will always result in a kick animation regardless of what you had to click.You are given one last ""choice"" that matters very very little, mostly for the stats shown at the end of every chapter.At the end it is explained why nothing gets carried over, even though it just as easily could have been used to explain branching story lines.Its a terrible shame, because this game has lots of interesting concepts (and all with poor executions) and I really liked the art-style. It would have lots of potential if the whole concept didn't revolve around removing the most important aspect that makes a game worth playing: meaningful choices."
,Recommended,274290,13657329,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,peremptor,"The title evokes the memory of the primordial entity that watches over us all and why some would find this comforting and others rather disturbing. How much in control are we of our own lives and how much is this feeling of helplessness that washes over us from time to time has its foundation in existential angst, deterministic nihilism, bad indigestion, a mixture or something all together different?To me it seems that the game attached to the title tries to bring to us that same type of despair, that we are pretty much adrift on a raft at the mercy of the pull of the fates... and the threads they weave are so very fragile and finicky. And these gods, voyeurs that they are, set it all up just to watch us fail and fail again.At least we get infinite replays this time around as we provide amusement to these supposedly omnipotent jerks with nothing better to do than mess with the variables that control the chords of our lifelines. In that regard the game is a true triumph.This game is unfair, but then again, nothing beats life at this game."
76561197982567773,Not Recommended,274290,11415893,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,AltruismIsDead,"I can't say that I out right don't recommend this game, but after waiting for it and pre-ordering it, it wasn't anything that I was expecting.Initially the trailers made it look ( to me) like: I Have No Mouth and I Must Scream / Maniac Mansion / Clock Tower meets Heavy Rain. Basically a point and click (adventure) thriller where choices played a heavy role in the out come of events....Not quite, I just finished beating a chapter where 3 of my crew members just ran off (damn deserters....) and lo and behold, in the next chapter they magically came back! So yeah.... choices you make don't matter towards the outcome of the game.Originally after reading many ""Not Recommended reviews"" which pretty much summed up my original feelings on the game I really came to conclude why this game is more disappointing in it's game play...Although there is a heavy focus on dying/failing A LOT, there isn't a balance of feeling rewarded after completing a chapter. Many people compare it to Dark Souls, while in Dark Souls and in this you learn from your mistakes, but after you beat an enemy in Dark Souls you feel a sense of accomplishment and victory, while in Gods Will Be Watching there isn't much satisfaction to be found other then a relief of not having to play the chapter over for the 10th time.Same comparision can be made to Portal, you get that ""AHA!"" moment where the game makes you feel like a genius when you figure out a puzzle. In Gods Will be Watching it's just trial and error over and over.To boil it down here are the choices you make in this game:Restart ChapterRestart ChapterRestart ChapterRestart ChapterRestart ChapterRestart ChapterBumble f*** your way into the next chapter: Repeat.It's sad that I can't really fully recommend this game, it almost had everything going for it, an amazing sound track, cool pixel graphics, a great atmosphere, and... well to be honest I zoned out of the story a long time after having to replay the chapters, you have a tendency not to give a f*** after seeing dialog repeat so often.Anyways, if this game still has your curiosity, please at least wait for a sale to give it a go."
76561197973269730,Not Recommended,274290,13410942,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Nightfire,"This game is not what I expected it to be. I was expecting something akin toMasq, a story that is dynamically affected by the player's actions, allowing you to move forward even when a bad choice is made. The game's description certainly made it feel like that was the game I was buying, but unfortunately the game does not work like that at all.No, the six different chapters are simply puzzles, and they must be completed in a very specific manner or else you have to start the chapter over from scratch. There is no way to save your game during a chapter, and if you fail the chapter (and you WILL fail, many times) you will end up losing up to half an hour of play time. This is very frustrating.Don't get me wrong. I am not criticizing the game's difficulty. I like games that are difficult. I played a lot ofFTL: Faster Than Light, for example. But the fact that this game forces you to redo everything when you fail - complete with reading the exact same lines of dialogue over again - does not amount to fun; it is simply repetitive. And yes, the latest updates allow you to tone down the difficulty if you want to, but this simply de-fangs the game.And even when dynamic results DO occur during the chapters, the game seems to forget all about them when the current chapter is finished. For example, when I played the torture sequence, Jack ended up dead, and yet in the next chapter he was alive and well with no explanation given. This left a pretty big question mark in my head.Underneath its questionable mechanics, Gods May Be Watching does have a well-written story, charming graphics, and an excellent music score. It attempts to take a fresh approach to the adventure game genre, but unfortunately this approach doesn't always work.If you're interested in this title, I would recommend waiting for it to go on sale."
76561198004234335,Recommended,274290,32279472,Posted: 8 June,all,CapAp,"Be aware of what you are buying before you purchase this.I think it's rare that a developer has something interesting to say with a video game that could not be said just as well (or better) with a novel or a movie. Gods Will Be Watching is one of those rare cases; unfortunately it's also kind of inaccessible. It's not a bad game, but it's not the game you might assume it is at first glance. It looks like a point-and-click adventure. It's not. GWBW is a game about fate and meaning that can only be won through repeated trial-and-error. This is not an oversight, it's intentional and integral to the game. I'd go so far as to say it's the game's reason for existing. If you play to the end, you get to understand why. Getting there is not always fun though, it can be frustrating and annoying. Again, that's the point.I know this sounds kind of pretentious, and I guess maybe it is, in the way only real art can sound pretentious until you experience it and it moves you. In its defense, the developers have added several new play modes (including an ""easy"" mode and a ""puzzle"" mode) that make the game much less difficult while still preserving the story and soul of the game. WIth this change, I think they have successfully solved the only real problem with the game which was that the heavy amount of RNG really obstructed the enjoyment of the narrative.Read a couple other reviews and see if this sounds like something you're interested in. If it is, don't pay full price; put it on your wish list and pick it up on sale. If you go in with your expectations set correctly, I think you will be pleased with this well-crafted but conflicted little work of art."
76561198108149689,Not Recommended,274290,12664943,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Coeus,"I really wanted to like this game.  The style is spot on, the premise was interesting, and anything marketed as 'an innovative departure from the traditional point-and-click adventure genre' catches my attention immediately.Having now played the game and having watched friends play through the bulk of it, I'm not quite sure if that quote was meant to be some sort of cruel joke or not.  Gods Will be Watching is not an adventure game.  It is a Crisis Management Simulator with a story attached, and retro point-and-click adventure game graphics and art that serve as a GUI for said Crisis Management Simulator.Each level puts you in one room (Sometimes with one or two other rooms nearby) where you are given six or more things to manage in one turn, and one action that you are allowed to manage with.  In the first level you are put in charge of a hostage situation while your team tries to hack the mainframe of the building you are in.  There are four hostages, each with individual moods to manage, the hacking process itself which needs to be reinforced periodically otherwise you lose progress, and a group of armed guards right outside the room inching their way forward every turn.With all these things progressively 'worsening' every turn and only one action per turn to use to address any of the six (or more, as you progress) factors, you are forced to make what the game is marketing as difficult, morally ambiguous decisions.It is excruciatingly difficult, and you will never (Or very rarely) get through a level with all of your 'resources' in tact.  The game is designed that way, and you are meant to fail over and over again.  Levels can be anywhere from 45 minutes to an hour and a half long depending on how long you take to make decisions, but the game never moves beyond this basic tenet of creating a situation where you have to juggle eight chainsaws but you only have one hand, and then later you just become blind.There's no adventuring anywhere near here, so when they say it's a 'drastic departure from point-and-click adventure' they could've actually said that it was a drastic departure from Microsoft Flight Simulator and that would've been just as true.Misleading PR aside, what's especially annoying is the nature of this crisis simulator.  Sometimes, (And the game doesn't always tell you when.) it is heavily RNG dependent, meaning that you can lose the game 45 minutes into a mission because you got a bad roll behind the scenes and consequently got shot in the face.  There are no checkpoints in Gods, so you go back to the very beginning of the mission and have to roll the die again, after another 45 minutes.I don't shy away from difficulty usually.  I love the Souls series because it is punishingly difficult and consequences to failure are dire, but it's never unfair with its difficulty.  Gods is unfair.There are other times where you will have made a crucial mistake early on that doesn't outright screw you over, but slowly erodes your chances of winning until the very end of the mission an hour and a half later.  You fail and you restart, having to perfectly balance a host of rapidly changing factors for another hour and a half and hope you didn't screw up at all along the way.Moral choices in the game thus become non-existent.  You think nothing of morals, and you start to view the game as a set of variables that need to be manipulated in such a way as to guarantee success as things start to erode.  I suppose you could say that the game forces you to be ruthless, but it is too effective.  Instead of worrying about the fate of the characters invovled, you look at them simply as bits in your poorly running machine, and if they take too much oil then you get rid of them.The problem is, that's not a moral choice.  It's a mathematical one.  A clinical one.  You don't feel torn when you make these decisions because you care about the characters, you feel torn because you're not sure if this move is going to screw you over an hour later and make you painstakingly redo everything.  I would've gladly sacrificed everyone just to move onto the next mission successfully.And that's the other problem.  Consequence, three quarters of the way into the game, does not exist.  I will avoid spoilers, but suffice it to say that things that happen in one mission don't seem to carry over with any kind of meaning to any subsequent mission.  To use a loose example, if you lose your special hat in one mission, you will magically have it in the next one with no explanation as to how.Despite all of this, I don't think Gods Will Be Watching is necessarily a bad game.  It's a bad game for me, and a bad game for who it's being marketed to.  Some people will probably really enjoy it, but I think that group of people is relatively small.They had a good vision for the game and they executed it without compromise.  And then I presume they realized that there's not a lot of money in an excrutiatingly difficult and unforgiving crisis management simulator that's partially RNG dependent and instead marketed the game as some sort of advanced point-and-click adventure game with a lot of ambiguous moral choices to make and consequences to follow.  Buyer Beware."
76561198010937260,Not Recommended,274290,31875214,Posted: 20 May,all,Falar,"For a bit of context, I've finished my playthrough on Original (hardest) difficulty while completing all chapters without killing any non-mandatory characters. I think any review for this game needs to have two sections - first impressions, and then a second look after completing.My initial response was that Gods Will Be Watching is not fun. It is not difficult. It is not challenging, or clever, or engaging. It is a grueling grind against a random number generator with a thin layer of plot plastered over.However, having completed the game, I can say that every decision the developers made was justified. There's a kind of elegant brilliance to the story, and the characters become really fleshed out both through their actions and how you interact with them. An overarching purpose ties together chapters that initially appear disconnected, and it's rewarding to see all the pieces come together in the final (free) DLC chapter, which is the capstone of the whole game. To put it simply, the epilogue is a masterpiece.So why the negative recommendation?The game is it's own greatest enemy. Most of the dialogue is really well-written, but it completely loses it's impact when you've seen it ten or twenty or fifty times. For every chapter that is balanced but difficult, there is one where random chance will punish you again and again. The narrative itself is a unique experience, but demands grueling hours of repetition to discover.The hardest part about the above is that everything works exactly as the developers intended it, and once you've finished it you can see why they wanted it that way; but the gameplay itself is never really ""fun"". Gods Will Be Watching would be a great game for the way it integrates its gameplay into a compelling narrative, but it's a missed opportunity because so much of that gameplay is frustrating or rage-inducing.The experience is too bipolar for me to make a recommendation, although if you have the patience to beat it, it might be worth considering on sale. That said - once you start, I highly recommend you commit to finishing. The tunnel is long, but there's light at the end of it."
,Not Recommended,274290,14902345,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,JugadorXEI,"Gods Will Be Watching is a weird beast. It manages to capture great pixel graphics, great sound effects and great music. Now, this game has major, considerable flaws:The choices in the gamedon'tmatter. If you kill a friendly character, he/she comes back alive in the next chapter because else you wouldn't progress in the game (even though they're ""dead."")The tasks ordered to do are very tedious, and sometimes boring. Most chapters are basically management of other characters and if you fail, you restart all over again.This game is pure PRD (Pseudo-Random Distribution.) You can fail genuinely because of percentages. If you're a gambler Original mode is for you, but not even Puzzle mode saves you sometimes from the PRD it has, so... Good luck!""Puzzles"" are not hard (and hence, the game is not long.) They're just insanely difficult (and relies in luck to do so,) and made up so you need to restart and pray to the gods the PRD is merciful the next time you repeat. The worst offender is Chapter 5.I'm aware this game was supposed to be very hard from start to finish, and I did enjoy the challenge, it was just tedious to do it over and over again. The chapters are really not worth retrying for the extra stuff and you lose your emotional link with the characters very quick after doing it again and again (and after figuring out they ""revive"" in the next chapters), and even though this game is reviewed and seen by some other people that it's a ""adventure"" game, it is not. It is a point-and-click management resource game at its best.However, there's also a good share of what I liked about the game, and some of them were said earlier.It has a very good atmosphere with great music and backgrounds along with neat sound effects.The pixel graphics are done here splendidly and I genuinely enjoyed the cutscenes.Chapters like the 2nd, the 6th and the 7th were really good. I will let you figure out why (or not.)The story, even though short, it's pretty neat.The gore is also really good here for a pixel game.It has a lot of difficulty settings suited for your liking. Don't want to play the game? Play Narrative mode. Do you find the challenge hard? Play Original Light. However, Puzzle Mode doesn't remove all the PRD...Even though there's a lot of good things about the game, the bad things overwhelm the good ones, and it's not a game I would recommend. However, if you like unfair and difficult challenges, maybe this game is for you."
76561198165545399,Not Recommended,274290,27802171,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Putin$wag69,"Great art style and atmosphere! Unfortunately, terrible game play.The whole concept is basically that in every scenario, you have to figure out on wich order to do things. Or you die. Then try again. And again. Which takes time. A LOT OF TIME. It just felt boring and unsatisfying to me. 'Also, for a game that supposedly has a great story, it really should have a different text font. All the dialouge is in text, but with the 8-bit style text, it's really hard to read. Extremely frustrating. I usually fall in love with these kind of odd-but-pretty indie titles, but this was a big let down. Would not reccomend."
,Recommended,274290,13798327,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,TheDisableBore,"As unforgiving as High SchoolAs challenging as workAs hard to please as your parents.Gods Will Be Watching is sure a unique game of it's kind. Its engaging, difficult, and a very well designed game-Very luck based moments which can♥♥♥♥♥♥off the most patient man-Many will be disappointed with the gameplay, its more focused on ""resource management""-No checkpoints. You fail? You start a chapter from zero+/- The best way to Play is in my opinion  Original Light in order to mix both hardship and forgiveness+/- The game almost does not explain a thing, which can make it confusing+A mix of the ""Point n' Click harsh puzzles"" and ""Super Meat Boy mentality"" ( Fail and repeat until you make it.)+Truly intense sequences, especially the second chapter is nerve wracking to the point of panic+Great writing and well created characters. Somehow I love Irving's torture speech+Challenging and complex+A beast easy to understand (bah, depends on you), but hard to dominate+Achievements that are worthy of the best+A nice looking aesthetic and pixel art style, wonderful OST and nice environmentsRecommended .Be ready for an exhausting experience that will test your might"
76561197993381156,Recommended,274290,19443783,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Keeper-Outcast,"A brilliant piece of narative driven game design. An interactive thriller indeed.Mechanically it is a point-and-click algorithm finding simulator, but make no mistake- it is almost a true rpg by the sheer force of role playing it stimulates you to do. The trick is the difficulty of the game- 90% of your play time you are battling against the overwhelming odds, trying to figure out the best way to beat a chapter.That means two things: firstly, that it's never a dull moment, you are constantly hooked to see how the situation reacts to your actions, and secondly: it contributes to never ending tencsion, wich in turn bonds you and the protagonists, adding weight to the decisions.The writing feels a bit off at the beginning, with somewhat heavy exposition, but quickly picks up, as the story progresses.In conclusion- a bold and uncompromising experiment, a true ""game"" and a definite ""must try"" for everyone who considers himself a gamerP.S. And the music is amazing"
,Recommended,274290,21646002,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,star cluster,"LISTEN TO MEIf you play gods will be watching on Original the first time around you are going to hate it.Here is a helpful guide for those complaining abt the impossible difficulty:1) buy game2) choose ORIGINAL LIGHT or NARRATIVE difficulty3) enjoy story, dialogue, characters and soundtrack instead of crying in your roomfeel free to replay it on original for a challenge but PLEASE don't ruin it for yourself the first time aroundit's an excellent game at a good price I can't stress that enough but give it a chance on light or narrative"
,Recommended,274290,11442558,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Focket,"It's like the Dark Souls of point and click adventure games. You will die, and fail. A lot. You will get frustrated and want to throw something at your monitor. But it does feel satisfying once you've finally completed a chapter after tons of trial and error. Plus you always have to manage a few things at once, so you may not be able to save everyone you want, you'll have to make sacrifices. It's a pretty good game."
76561198108997718,Not Recommended,274290,12449384,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,OscarTheGrouchiest,"Sometimes I wish a neutral opinion can be given for a game. Because I like the art style for ""Gods will be watching"" and that the game is trying something different than other offerings. And I can see how for other people this might be an ejoyable game (as can be seen in the other reviews) however.....this to me is not a fun game to play. And when a game is not fun to play it pretty much becomes work, only without the salary as a reward.To my fault I was expecting a point and click adventure or something aking to it, however this game sets you into a specific situation each level. And you have to 'work' at finding a way out of that situation by doing repetitive tasks (key word: repetitive) and if you fail after 10 minutes you can do the whole thing over again from the very beginning.The Dark Souls comparison was made, however as opposed to that game, this one feels like the result is more based on luck than actually improving your skills into getting you further into the game. As such (to me) it wasn't satisfying when you cleared a level. It was more a sense of relief that I didn't have to do the same thing again...and again...and again.The moral choices don't appear to matter much either, in one level I had people die on my watch only for them to reappear the next. Their characters are now glitching on the screen (that was funny) to show something is not 'right', but essentially their deaths apparantly didn't matter. Nor would your choices.If you like puzzle games where the end result is gained by mostly (not all the time) luck as opposed to deducing what to do, then one could try ""Gods will be Watching"" for an original setting and a game which I find looks pretty cool. However if like me you were looking for something more than a puzzle game, then I would stay away."
76561198063164421,Recommended,274290,25451969,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,heh.,"First off, i just want to say that this is in my top 5 favorite games I have ever played. A lot of people will be surprised by that but we all have our own opinions so just keep that in mind.Pros:1. Choices affect the story, some choices even going as far as being able killing off a character from the story entirely2. You can handle every situation in a multitude of different options3. Story isn't half bad, and kept me hooked all the way through4. Each of the main characters are different from one another, and it is pretty easy to get attached to them5. It has very original gameplay and design, to this day I have not found another game that resembled it (trust me, I have looked a lot)6. Music is amazing, really gives this game that epic and exciting action feel7. Free dlc!8. Once you beat the game, you can replay any chapter you want9. Has around 10 different difficulty options to really give you the exact expirience you are looking for10. At the end of each chapter, there are graphs that compare the choices you made in that chapter, to the other players choices (sort of like the telltale games)Cons:1. Felt it was a bit short, but then again, it has amazing replay value2. The trial and error puzzles can get a bit repetive after a whileConclusion: Overall, I give this game a 9.5/10. I definetly recommend you get this when you can, you will not regret it."
,Not Recommended,274290,11394048,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Spooky.exe,"While Gods Will Be Watching has a unique and appealing artstyle and promises, 'narrative puzzles and moral dilemmas that will affect both the lives of your team and the people you’re are sworn to protect.' The game however is unfortunately based on resource management and a laughable amount of RNG based choices; also the promise of moral dilemmas seems to impact very little on the game itself.Whilst the intriguing story and beautiful sountrack create an immersive experience, it is unfortunately ruined by many of the in-game choice being determined solely on 'Lady Luck' which many perceive as simply a high level of difficulty which is simply not the case.To conclude I would not recommend this title due to the game; mostly relying soley on luck which overall detracts significantly on what could have been an immersive and enjoyable experience."
,Not Recommended,274290,24100173,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Bastulos,"I came into this game expecting my decisions to have some kind of impact on the story...instead the game just punished me for not figuring out the exact order of decisions to make to beat each level.  The game is punishingly hard and some of the levels are definitely markedly more enjoyable than others.  I finished this game not exactly feeling like I had had much fun.  Was it an interesting experience?  I suppose so.  Was the story and setting good?  Sure...that's probably one of the biggest redeeming factors for me, but ultimately just wasn't enough to make me want to recommend this game to others."
76561197968321754,Recommended,274290,18604388,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Speedkillsuk,"I'd like to start by saying I've never been a fan of purposefully difficult games. Difficulty for difficulty's sake may appeal to a certain minority of people, but it's intensely off-putting for everyone else. It's even more off-putting when you're made to feel bad for not enjoying the difficulty, or even insulted for it. There's a strange difficulty superiority complex in some gaming circles that I can't quite get my head around, and it leads to some games pitching themselves firmly in Camp Difficult and making a big song and dance about how punishing they are, like it's a badge of honour.Prior to the update last year, Gods Will Be Watching firmly fell into this camp. On the ""original"" difficulty, there are random events and unpredictable difficulty spikes that come out of nowhere, ruining any progress you've made in the puzzle so far and forcing you to restart. The usual response to any complaints about this is that they're explained by the end of the story (which they are... kind of), but this doesn't alter the fact that they make playing the game an endurance test rather than anything resembling fun. Go Camp Difficult!Post-update, however, it's now possible to play the game in a way that feels (mostly) fair, and it's a completely different experience. Stripped of all the rage-inducing random events, the real game can actually finally come out... and I can honestly say I've not really played anything like it. It looks like a point-and-click adventure game, but doesn't play anything like one. Each chapter consists of a chunk of (pretty decent) story exposition followed by a very complex puzzle, usually involving resource and team management across multiple different variables that need to be balanced at all times to prevent catastrophic failure. And youwillfail. Even on ""easy"" mode, you'll most likely have to repeat each chapter a couple of times at least. The difference between doing this on the original and easy difficulties is that on original, you'll have to repeat chapters multiple times because the game randomly fails you over and over, whereas on easy, you only have to repeat the chapters because you've made a mistake or because you've not fully understood a mechanic of the puzzle. This seems like a fair challenge. The puzzles are hard, but not insurmountable, and without the element of randomness it's possible to complete each puzzle through good old logic and planning rather than through sheer perseverance.I'm really belabouring this point because the game still tries to make you feel bad for playing on anything but 'original', like you aren't experiencing the ""true"" game, and I suspect many people feel pressured into playing it on original and just give up in frustration. I don't think I could disagree with the developers more about this. The random elements ruin an otherwise brilliant game, and without them the game really shines through.In summary:play it, but don't play it on the original difficulty, unless you're feeling particularly masochistic."
,Recommended,274290,12784781,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Stralor,"Intense, visceral, though occasionally monotonous.I don't have much to say about this game. I was very moved by it, but I was willing to buy into the fantasy and let myself agonize over the moral choices.To love this game, you have to want to be the best. Play it on Original difficulty. Play it to win it, not to get through it."
76561197970348067,Recommended,274290,12976626,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,[LINUX] Hot Sick,"GWBW will punish your every tiny mistake.It will punish your Idealism.It will punish your doubt and indecision.Your success will be hard won and not without remorse.There is no perfect.There is only the ambiguous grey and it's up to you to chalk the lines.If you're a sociopath, you wont understand GWBW.If you're not a sociopath, you'll end up feeling like one.Play it on original mode.Buy into the fantasy.Agonize over your decisions.Play it with the commitment you'd give a good book.Otherwise you're robbing yourself.Yes, the RNG will be brutal.Yes, and you will fail over and over again.It needs to be that way.I honestly wouldn't change a thing.It's pretty indicative of the undeserving, casual peasantry overpopulating steam when you see GWBW given such low reviews.  Most of the negative reviews are by people who didn't complete the first chapter, let alone the game -- thus have no understanding of the scope, arc or meta.Let's be honest.  If you're looking for an easy, Roberta Williams-esque nostalgiafap; if you game as a time filler on your phone; If you play vidya on easy just to plow through them; If you experience some form of autism that makes it impossible suspend disbelief; If you typically scroll down for thetl;dr:  This game isn't for you."
76561198073343378,Not Recommended,274290,30741233,Posted: 25 March,all,brianconnors1,"Very frustrating. The puzzles are simply trial and error with very little logic behind it. After skipping through scenes of your own torture for the twentieth time, you'll wonder why you're bothering."
76561197990196942,Recommended,274290,25330152,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Coldie,Spent 3 hours and couldn't beat the second mission. Switched over to Narrative mode and just enjoyed one hell of an amazing story. Pick a difficulty that suits you and do the same!
76561198078989272,Recommended,274290,12783166,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Aryxbez,"Near the end, you really do get to understand why ""Original"" is the intended experience. That said, lot of this game seems to be repetition of the ""right"" actions to take in a sequence. That aside, this game has a great story and atmosphere. It does deliver a quality challenge, and I think there's worth in playing it under the other difficulties.Played as a ""Puzzle"", I think this game you will find far more rewarding to play.Anyway, not much of a review, but like some adventure games, it's an experience I'm glad I got to partak in."
,Recommended,274290,12809362,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Funnisto,"I bought this game being sure I would not have finished it. I generally hate indie games, and even more pixel-based graphics.I like challenging games though, and this game is very much challenging without being frustrating. It might be, maybe one or two times during all the playthrough, but it is generally much fun, and if you lose you can mostly blame yourself.To be honest, this is one of the BEST games I ever played.Many people say this game is frustrating because there is the random factor playing a role in how your actions are going to have an effect. Whereas this can be true in chapter 2, it is generally very much okay later in the game. Moreover, there is no reason to complain about this factor: if you don't really want it, there's always the Puzzle mode, where you get no random dices thrown ever.The story becomes much more interesting the more you get towards the end, and gives you a very satisfactory ending, in my opinion.Liked it very much."
,Recommended,274290,12679243,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Sweetshit,"Gods Will Be Watching is a philosophical, sci-fi, dramatic, point & click, pixelated gem of a game. It is all about decision making and consequences. You'll be put under extreme situations and must use your wits to overcome challenges that feel like certain death. Control yourself and your crew, keep the pace and never give up hope... and you may survive.It saddens me that GWBW has been receiving mixed reviews, basically due to it's difficulty, although I can't say I don't understand it. Most point & click games are relaxing and gives you all the time in the world to solve it's puzzles. This one doesn't... at least not in the original difficulty level (there are 5 levels, original being the hardest). But if you think failing a few times won't make you ragequit and write hateful reviews about it, give it a try and you may love it!9 / 10"
,Recommended,274290,12465398,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,BrandX,"This game is a special case.Gods Will be watching is an example of the ""sort by user review"" ranking hurting the developers and the clientele. As of this writing, Gods has ""Mixed"" reviews. Well, if your post on Reddit has mixed reviews, your chances of getting to anybody's top page are shot. In many of the user reviews, people complain about the difficulty, and the lack of narrative. Well, the levels are harsh, but fair -- every scenario is easy once you know the trick(s), and/or do the math.Personally this kind of ""Oregon Trail""-like mathy survival sim turns me on. There's apparently a large number of people who bought this game who feel otherwise, polluting this excellent game's user reviews, and preventing new fans from discovering it. The discoverability of this game is shot, and finding hidden gems is something Steam will have to fix if they would like for other stranger, genre-bending games to come forward."
,Recommended,274290,12755373,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,"410,757,864,530 DEAD COPS","Gods Will Be Watching is a fantastic game about micromanaging extremely tough situations. I'll be honest, it's not for everyone, and the Original difficulty is ludicrously hard. I would reccommend playing the original flash version of the game on the Deconstructeam website before purchasing this game to see if you like it, and if so, I would strongly suggest this game."
76561197971532050,Not Recommended,274290,33531922,Posted: 14 July,all,Conditional Love,"7 nihilitic scenarios to choose your way to victory, or accidentally fail because random luck was not on your side, or fail because it takes awhile to figure out how to play each round by ear (with the random threats, it's not enough to have guidance from a Walkthrough Guide). And after each failure you have to replay through all the stupid dialogue at the start, then all the tedious steps to get back to where you reached before. My review sounds angry because this game is so frustrating and boring when it didn't have to be.I don't recommend Gods Will Be Watching unless there is a 80% + discount and you are in the mood to to enjoy failure.other points- Sound track is OK- I like the art- approx 420mb"
,Recommended,274290,23352939,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,The Eater of Dreams,"Some games, even after completing them, I can't classify into any particular genre. And some games are such a dark, odd trip that after completing them I'm left just blinking and wondering what could possess someone to make it. Gods Will Be Watching ticks both those boxes on the grand list of ""indie game weirdness"", I'm happy to say.GWBW is sold as something of a point and click adventure game, but is sort of more turn-based crisis management simulator. Sure you can point and click on things to make things happen, but most interactions you can choose to make consume time, and the scenarios it puts you into are generally quite short on that. Though thankfully you can move at your own pace and real time isn't a factor in between decisions. Constantly spinning plates, you're tasked with maintaining several things at once, where neglecting even one for too long will send things spinning out of control towards disaster.From hostage situations, to torture rooms, to survival situations and more, each of the seven chapters across its space opera setting put you into what seem like almost impossible scenarios, and let you try to figure out a way to salvage things. There is no morality meter, and many scenarios offer you some very shady options should you feel you need to resort to them. You can sacrifice people for the good of the team, threaten or harm a child to make his parents talk, even resort to cannibalism. All these actions have downsides of their own, but the game's never going to call you a bad person if you use them.The base game makes heavy use of randomness, meaning that even with a perfect strategy, if there is such a thing, things can fail. Frequent failure and experimentation until you get things right enough to get through the chapter is the intended experience, and ties into the overall themes of the narrative, but if you're the type who absolutely despises losing due to bad rolls, there are multiple options for you. Aside from the brutal rng-based ""original"" mode, there's an easier ""light"" mode which tones down the cruelty a bit. If you can't stand rng at all, there is also a ""puzzle"" mode which ditches rng and revises the scenarios so that the right strategy wins every time. Even beyond that, there is a ""narrative"" mode that ditches most of the challenge entirely so you can just see the story.While I fully approve of a game offering a choice of ways to experience it, the original mode does make the most sense when it comes to the overall story it's telling, creating a feeling of controlled helplessness as you pray to the random number gods that things work out this time. The story itself is about as bleak as things get, ramming home an overarching theme of nihilism and the insignificance of the individual on a cosmic level, but twists and turns along the way make for near-infinite replayability. It's very enjoyable to unravel, even if the storytelling can be a little confusing at times.Overall, while it may be too frustrating in its original intended form for some, and way too damn bleak for others, Gods Will Be Watching is a twisted, unique indie gem that will disturb and provoke if you give it the chance."
,Recommended,274290,12815507,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Spectral,"A management and pure numbers gameembedded in a dark and story-rich environment.This is a difficult game, but you have the optionto lower the difficulty and/or disable random chance."
,Recommended,274290,17939093,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,pixelpixie30,"GWBW is incredibly atmospheric with its mixture of phenominal pixel art and some of the best writing I've seen in a game. The game's pacing, which can be very tedious (as you will fail often) requires a strong emotional commitment to the story. The art, writing and soundtrack help to accomplish that, but so does the challenge inherent in each chapter's puzzle.Each chapter requires a different type of resource management, so at a basic level you should not hate that type of gameplay mechanic if you're going to invest your time and your money into playing it. But this is no Diner Dash—the situations are dark and fraught with drama, with life hanging in the balance. I found myself playing and failing chapters over and over again, not wanting to stop until I succeeded—and that eventual and inevitable success feels so, so sweet. If you're not into that kind of thing, there are many different modes to play. Some modes take out or minimize random events, others allow it to be the difficult, almost impossible beast that it was designed to be. I think this helps the game appeal to more types of players, while also enhancing its replay factor significantly. If you enjoyed a specific chapter, you can select a chapter to play—I know I'll be trying the Sineicos chapter again.It's not a perfect game. The standout example of that to me is when one of my team members perished in a chapter, and I was surprised to find they were alive and well in the next chapter—with no explanation given at the time. It caused the rest of my gameplay experience to be fraught with the question of whether or not it mattered if I tried to play a certain way—namely, keeping the members my team alive. At the time, it compromised the emotional connection I had with the game and its story. I'd thought it was a mistake, and I became wary of whether there would be more mistakes to come. However (without giving anything away) after completing the game, I believe it was intentional and not an oversight.All said and done, I freakin' loved it. It's one of my favorites ever, and I can't wait to see more from this developer."
76561198071417085,Not Recommended,274290,11411812,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Attention Slut Tranny,"Shot a guy in the leg, 10/10 best game ever.But Seriously.Not what I thought.When I first pre-ordered the game,(which I never do, but story games I love) all of the coverage and the trailers, screen shots, etc seemed to show it to deal with Moral Delemias and Losing your Humanity. I was thinking of a pixelated version of Walking Dead or Mass Effect. But no.This game is sadly a tedious, rinse and repeat, trial and error game. This had so much potential. When I first read reviews, I thought people where just being little♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ But no, they are justified. This is not a game I recommened. Especially Chapter 2. ♥♥♥♥ Chapter 2. ♥♥♥♥ IT. I was on the last day then, BLEEEEEH, dead. Had to restart the whole sequence all over again, a total of 9 days.This is not a game I recommened. If you like to rinse and repeat or torture porn, go ahead. But this is not the narrative rich story we all wanted."
,Recommended,274290,12527055,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Kiyoshi,"Great concept, executed brilliantly.Professional – not a short game; no corners were cut.This is a great game to play with others, too.Straight-forward, very simple mechanics, but devilishly difficult (and fun)."
,Recommended,274290,12825509,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Slim Jong Un,"The Gods Are Watching, And You Should TooNote: This Review May Contain Mild SpoilersThe time is ticking, lives are in your hands, and your decisions dictate who lives, who dies.  Your choices may not be the most popular, or the most moral, but they may be the most logical.  Only you and the Gods will be watching.Gods Will Be Watchingis a 2D point-and-click adventure regarding the trials and tribulations of Sgt. Burden, an agent of E.C.U.K., the Everdusk Company for the Universe Knowledge, tasked to be undercover in the group Xenolifer to learn about the origins and wherewithal of the Medusea Virus.  Throughout the game, Sgt. Burden is tasked with hard-fought decisions: from which hostages to trade or to kill, to which partner will receive the lethal dose for the sake of a cure.  These choices thatGods Will Be Watchinggives you are never clear cut or easy to do, most will have a negative aspect in the short-term but are necessary in the long run to the success of finishing the said mission.  It’s a haunting feeling knowing you may have to kill an important partner to complete a mission because he can take an antidote test better than your other crew, and those uncomfortable feelings are easily worth the price of admission.  It’s hard to come by games nowadays that can make you squirm in your seat because you know what you have to do, but you most certainly do not want to do them.Gods Will Be Watchingboasts a retro style that really breathes a lot of life into the scenery.  Even with the disadvantage of having very little specific details in the characters and backgrounds,Deconstructeamdoes a fantastic job painting a beautiful picture of open worlds and claustrophobic corridors catering to the difficult tasks at hand.  The music that accompanies the brooding situations highlights and builds accordingly to the situations, sinking into your brain and not letting go, making every decision you take even heavier and intense than the last.ThoughGods Will Be Watchingis an impactful and thought-provoking game, it’s not a terribly long experience.  Gods Will Be Watching at the most will take you around 7-8 hours on its difficult “Original” mode, with specific tasks to beating each level netting you awards like concept art and illustrations.Gods Will Be Watchingdoes add different styles to its chapters: Puzzle Mode removes most of the random number generating puzzles and makes the chapters built on a pattern that can be cracked, while Narrative Mode allows an easier run-through of the game allowing one to indulge in the story more so the complex issues that arise from it.  But ultimately once you’ve finishedGods Will Be Watching, the tense atmosphere of not knowing what’ll happen next get lost during your second and third play through.Even thoughGods Will Be Watchingis a short, difficult experience, it is an experience that should be recognized and indulged.  The moral choices and brooding atmosphere sucks you in and doesn’t let go, giving the player an uncomfortable, tense, and thrilling rollercoaster of a ride, even if it’s only good for one go around."
,Recommended,274290,11392379,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,IamTheSpy!,"I have updated my review after finishing the DLC:This game is just simply brilliant. Pure master piece.Everyone complains about trial and error, that's what its all about the gods setting the plan to make you fail every single time until you learn every single mistake and every single thing that benefits you.The choices you make in this make do not  really matter. ""Why not kill the doctor? He will spawn in the next chapter! Its not really about the future, its pretty much about how you feel.Just seeing that life less body makes you feel guilt, it was your fault, even if you cant accept it, it is. You could have avoided that.But at the end, does it really matter at all?Also, this game is REALLY harsh, this wont end up like typical ""And the heroes entered the bad guy's base and killed him and the galaxy was free! YAY!"" No, sometimes you got to accept the harsh reality.No matter how many times you try, you know you cant change that, no matter how many times you wish it.In my opinion, it had the best ending for a game. Not one with everyone being sad, not one with everyone being happy, just. The cycle.It represents time repeating its self.I recommend it for those who liked the movie ""Groundhog's day""So the question is, do you want a game that makes you feel bad, makes you want to do anything for it to end well. EVEN WHEN KNOWING YOU JUST CANT?Its not like the walking dead game where choices DO matter, wait. Do they really do?You will still end up in the same places because it is scripted.Man i hope we get more moral dilemnas like these. -Spy"
,Recommended,274290,23074751,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Samio,"OverviewGames are usually fun activities. People are presented with challenges, given a set of tools, the promise of a winning state (or several) and through the use of those tools the player is expected to reach that win state. This process may be hard or easy, complex or simple, but it's bound by explicit rules and the player is expected to have a fair shot at victory. Also, it's expected that though the process might imply some frustration, the overall experience is pleasant and fun.That's the usual fare for videogames.Gods Will Be Watching is not like those videogames.Not all human art is pleasant. Some is unpleasant due to a lack of skill, it's just bad art. But some art has as its goal tobeunpleasant. Example: horror movies produce fear (...or camp), so do horror games. Or, say, Lars von Trier movies also tend to involve the darker, unwelcome parts of the emotional range. Andsome people like those experiences. Not all people, but some do. And while movies that seek to explore the emotional range of paranoia, fear, shame, etc., are not for everyone, it is good that those subjects are explored. And just like some of those movies try from design to produce unpleasant emotions, Gods Will Be Watching has as its intended artistic goal to make the player experience anguish, stress, frustration and despair.Gods Will Be Watching [GWBW from now on] is not a game everyone should play. But GWBW is agoodgame. GWBW takes a hard bet, it sets out to evoke emotions of futility and frustration on the player, through the unique aesthetic channel of videogames: interaction. GWBW's original (and intended) mode will sometimes force you into unwinnable scenarios. It has internal randomness. It is arbitrary. It is unfair. It is cold and uncaring. It will make you feel like you just wasted hours of your life in a task that, in the end, you didn't have any choice in overcoming.But that's exactly what GWBW sets  out to do. It's the aesthetic and moral lesson of the game. If this is not something you want to experience, skip GWBW. But if you have an appreciation for existentialism and think Camus'The Myth of Sisyphuswas not hardcore enough, GWBW is exactly the experience you're looking for.VisualsThe pixel art helps soothe what would be an unbearable experience. It's beautiful and well animated. Every character is given a unique presence. Given the constraints of the game, it does a lot with very little. I can't see the game presenting its style through anything other than these pixel visuals. Less and it'd take away from the visual cues, more complexity and the game would suffer from it.AudioGoodness, the game's music isamazing. Given the strong role of emotions in this game, music had to have a strong presence and it pays off perfectly. The soundtrack is closest to space ambient, it's always dark, alien and melancholy. Some tracks are plain oppressive, some more intense and some carry a feeling of keeping a small ember of hope against a hostile reality. Fingerspit does an excellent job. Experiencing the soundtrack along with the game's narrative is worth the game's price alone.GameplayWhile the interface may seem like a more traditional point and click adventure game, there are no item oriented puzzles or riddles. The gameplay centers around survival and resource management. It involves calculation, experimentation and trial-and-error. Failure is part of this game's narrative. You are expected to be overwhelmed by choices with no clear indication of their results, fail, learn from that failure and eventually overcome what's essentially an economical challenge - one that involves incredibly cruel moral dilemmas.Again, from the overview, this is not for everyone. But what it plans out to do, it does so spectacularly.Story & NarrativeAnother stellar feature of this game. The game has very little text or dialogue, but what little it has is presented with maximum efficiency. The story of the game, including the DLC Chapter, is very rich and will leave you thinking for a long time. Philosophers, mathematicians and fans of science-fiction especially will get a lot from this game.OverallGods Will Be Watching is everything the mainstream gaming market is not. It's audacious, creative, does not pander to fans. It springs from an artistic need to express and explore emotions not everyone wants to consider. GWBW is cruel, unforgiving, many times frustrating - it does not provide escapism, it does not massage the ego of the player through power-fantasies. Its demographics are small and it has angered a lot of people (just see other reviews for this game).And because of this, it deserves the mountains of praise I am giving it. It's not what everyone needs or wants, GWBW is everything videogames need right now. Videogames as a whole are better off by having GWBW exist."
,Not Recommended,274290,16612254,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,bobert awful (F+),"I didn't like it. I wanted to like it, but I couldn't. The presentation was something else and I really enjoyed that, but the actual game is just too monotonous, prone to repeating itself, and since there's no checkpoints, you could easily lose it all if the RNG decides to screw the player at the right moment. I couldn't hack it on Original mode, where the RNG is its most evil, and in a way I respect the developers for putting such an immense difficulty into their game. Unfortunately, that backfired on them and they ended up having to patch in a bunch of different difficulties. But I can't hack it. It's just too damn slow and too damn repetitive, and the narrative I'm seeing really isn't enough to keep me going through the game's most recent attempt to try and kick over the sandcastle I'm building. No. No recommendation. Sorry, Gods."
76561197970448824,Not Recommended,274290,11441019,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Pineapple Catastrophe,"5/10.  Art, sound, story is all outstanding.Gameplay is a tedious resource management, and lack of mid-chapter quick saves means that if you fail (which is VERY easy to do), guess what, you're starting over.I stopped at chapter 2 for that very reason:  Without trying to spoil anything, you get to a point where you have a 1 in 7 chance to lose, on the spot.  This event repeats, for maybe 8 times in a row.  Completely random -- You can avoid the roll, but it is EXTREMELY costly, espically to do it over and over.  If you lose at that point (which I did twice before deciding the game wasn't worth the time), you have to start the chapter over, roughly 10-20 min of repeated gameplay depending on how quickly you skip through the text you've already read once.Putting tension in your decisions is one thing.  Rolling a random ""You Lose!"" mid chapter is just bad design.  If the gameplay was engaging enough to play long sections like that over again, it would be one thing, but it's not."
,Not Recommended,274290,11395667,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Interference,"Gods Will Be Watching is a point and click adventure game trying to do something new, but ultimately fumbles with it's game mechanics to the point where it's hellishly irritating rather than entertaining.The plot is presented with a bizarre amount of clunky exposition (the opening scene around a camp fire plays out less like a conversation and more like a political documentary) and the difficulty curve is so heavily reliant on blind luck rather than actual challenge that it goes from ""fun"" to ""chicken pox-level irritating"" in the space of 20 minutes.What it does do right -- the art, GUI design, and sound are wonderful -- just isn't enough to encourage you along."
76561198132476688,Not Recommended,274290,12381134,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Alf,"I was really excited when I saw the trailer for this game, but it doesn't deliver on what was promised. This is not a game about moral choices, it is a game about resource management, and a rather tedious and frustrating one. My biggest issue is that you really don't feel the weight of your decisions. Yes, sometimes you will have to sacrifice characters or perhaps let them die by accident, but it really doesn't matter because in the next scene they will be back, and nothing you did had any real consequences.So this game is not really about moral choices, for the most part it is a puzzle game, one that is much too boring and repetitive to be fun. Also, take away the repetitive gameplay in each scene and there is very little content there. I cannot recommend this game, I regret buying it and would suggest that you spend your 10$ somewhere else."
,Not Recommended,274290,25262345,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Bean,Random and unfair difficulty.  Requires trial and error methods.  Grinding gameplay that gets old fast.  Fantastic atmosphere and graphics that are done in by terrible gameplay.
,Recommended,274290,22873740,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Pantone Ocelot,"After playing this game I started questioning my own existance, decisions, and if what I do really matters, which brought me into a depression. I don't regret the decision what so ever.Also I suggest you write a few things down as notes to help succeed, as not all of it is RNG. Like the order of events of Chapter 2 so you know what to ask for, or Chapter 3 for what compounds go where so you can deduce what the right compound is. That or die repeatedly until you remember it yourself, that works too."
76561198010333444,Recommended,274290,33825485,Posted: 26 July,all,House MD,Outstanding game. Seriously the kind of thing that leaves you wanting more after your finished. It is extremely varied and a thrill to play. It takes a bit of trial and error to learn the mechanics of each scenario but it is amazing.
76561198022995533,Recommended,274290,11406124,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Borzi,"Gameplay:I have been playing this game for a while now, and I have to say that I am enjoying it quite a bit. It is a VERY interesting approach to point and click. Let me start off by saying that the game is very hard. Usually, it is not to the point that it gets too frustrating, but it actually encourages you to try something different or improve on what has worked until you beat the stage. Although the game does base a lot of its mechanics on luck, there is a certain amount of thrill to some of the gambling aspects in the game. In fact, I do not quite understand why this surprises so many people: luck has always been involved in almost all turn based games. Yet what is much more important than raw luck, is logic and time management, and using your resources in the best way possible. Besides, I always felt like I needed skills and tactics to proceed, with each failure I improved at the game and got a bit further, until I eventually beat the chapter that I was stuck on. Each stage plays very different to the last, which is important, because after failing a few times (which you will, trust me), each stage can get pretty repetetive and variety is desperatly needed. Sometimes it feels like you are just fullfilling a bunch of chores, rather than doing some ethical decision making, and the ""ethical dlimena"" aspect of the game slightly drowns in the mix. I think that this is also the reason that a lot of people are disliking the game: They were expecting a ""Telltale Games"" type of product (me included, as I should add), yet this game is actually challenging and requires more thinking than people wanted it to. The idea of loosing in a point and click discouraged a lot of people, but I find it very refreshing and something new. Personally, I would like to see more adventures that challenge and put pressure on the player.Misc. Aspects:The asthetic works in my opinion, the art style works, but obviously its not something mind blowing. The sounds are very good, the soundtrack is nice but can get a bit repetetive after replaying the same level severall times, the dialogue is well written. At the end of every stage, you get to see your decisions compared to other people's, which is a good addition.Conclusion:Overall, I can recommend the game, although it is deffinatly not for everyone. Especially casuals will have a hard time and might rage after the first few failed attempts and give up."
,Not Recommended,274290,25685537,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,KirkWS,I really want to love this game.  I love the grit and the story telling. The gameplay boils down to this every time: Guessing the correct combination of things by luck.  Which sucks.
,Not Recommended,274290,12871201,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,ZePlasma,"Looked really good, was expecting some repeditiveness but... Freaking come on.Levels are literally balancing several bars you can't see with your choices and if one of them fills you lose. By itself thats not so bad but the levels go on for frakking ever and repeat to the point where you get the same dialogue like 10 times.Es Stupid.I wanted to like it so am salty."
,Not Recommended,274290,25834928,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Nuadin,"The mechanics of this game seem off and random, and are clunky at best. It's a slow game that is meant to put strain on your resources to complete whatever task is in front of you. The game is certainly challenging, if not too challenging, but the way they challenge you doesn't make sense. The challenges seem a little too random and are mostly based off luck rather than skill. Normally I like challenging games, but after 30 minutes of gameplay, I realized I wasn't having fun.It's as everyone says, the concept is cool and in theory should be a great game, but then the mechanics fall short. Your faced with an extremely slow paced, clunky game, based on luck. I simply cannot recommend it."
76561198037431087,Recommended,274290,25422355,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,AIRIC,Downloaded the game lost to first mission 15+ times.Stopped playing but something brought me back to it months later.I beat the game and loved every minute of it.(try light mode its still hard but much less then orignal)One of my favorite gamesgreat story and concept few games like it
,Not Recommended,274290,11397749,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Helixeagle,"Such a shame, what seemed like a good title soon became a rage filled disappointment. From the moment you look at the game you can see it's not going to be for everyone, Maybe it was the graphics style being a sucker for pixelated point and clicks or possibly the promise of intriguing puzzles and game changing morale choices but the very essence of this is it's an interactive story, it's very text heavy and not one to sit back and relax to either.Chapter one had me at the edge of my patience, with two difficulties in place (original and easy) you are greeted with text stating that original is how the game is meant to be played, but you will fail a lot, well I opted for original and I failed alright, the 'game' is about as unforgiving as running from a pack of hungry wolfs with a steak nailed to your♥♥♥♥♥♥ Now usually this wouldn't bother me but ultimately I spent an hour without progressing so I swapped, no, I was forced to move over to easy, still struggling with this I don't find 'easy' very easy but I managed to move on with the story at least!Unfortunately because of the difficultly and progression I find it hard to like this at all, there is absolutely no love left for this when you find yourself at the end of your sanity and if/when you do manage to advance you are greeted with almost a slap to the face as it lists what you could have done better, 20 minutes could be wasted as it only seems to save per chapter as well which can be long and tedious.Once you get past a chapter it's more of a relief than a success, the sheer frustration begs the scene to change, maybe I'm being too harsh but the game is the definition of harsh, it doesn't feel rewarding since alot of choices and decisions are down to a % chance which is a shame, good concept poor execution. Most of the game you will be clicking the right options at the right time to get the right results, I will continue to play to see it through to the end but be prepared to get very very annoyed with little reward."
76561198004469540,Recommended,274290,23948774,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,lichifruit,"One of the finest experience games I've ever played. Although Gods Will Be Watching has little replay value in my opinion (unless you are truly obsessed with trying to crack the system of each scenario and achieve perfect solutions, in which case more power to you!) Gods Will Be Watching is an involving and captivating but brutal sci-fi narrativist point and click adventure game. Don't miss it if you love extreme emotional experiences and dilemmas. Play it side by side with a friend as a great conversation piece and harrowing bonding experience. Debating the merits of various courses of actions with a friend as we played it together over a few evenings was an epic time I'll never forget."
76561198068085433,Not Recommended,274290,11545667,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,IHazMagics,"Unpopular opinion incomming, so get ready.GWBW's overall message, that I can grasp is this... Nothing is in your control, the whole world, is ♥♥♥♥ed. It's your job, to try and diminish how ♥♥♥♥ed it is. One painful act at a time.I'll start by describing what it is. GWBW is a point and click adventure game that is broken down into multiple scenarios. Each scenario contain actions you can do to further the storyline by taking turns. The idea, is to complete whatever that scenarios objective is, by acting within the world, making hard, key decisions, and trying to scrape by in the best way. It's hard, it's brutal, but is it fun?Alright, I've played GWBW for a little bit now, and have reached the second ""game"". Suffice to say it's very hard. Though that isn't a problem for many gamers, plenty of people like Spelunky, and that's hard. Even more like Dark Souls and that's unquestionably hard. However, those two games are all hard, but when you screw up and die, it's immediately obvious what did it ""Oh, this one enemy will dodge my attacks"", ""Oh this one enemy will wait for me to move, then it will"". You have immediate, unarguable feedback to where you went wrong, and how you can improve so that doesn't happen again.GWBW, doesn't have that. If you fail, it's unexplained why one of the many integers caused you to lose.GWBW is all too happy, try and explain the vast majority of what it is, through visual cues and if you can't pick up on them, well tough♥♥♥♥♥♥ You just wasted 30 minutes trying to do scenario? well now you're dead, and you go straight back to the start.And the developers know it, when you start the game you are presented with two difficulty options. Normal wherein the developers say that you will die a lot. And Easy, wherein the devs say, you've tried normal and you now hate us. Cute, but not an accurate representation of difficulty.If you were to ask me, for a story based adventure game in where you make critical decisions that affect the outcome of the story. There are many more fun, viable options out there. I can't recommend GWBW, to only the most seasoned of masochists."
,Not Recommended,274290,13005763,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,ranchocarne,"Can be very frustrating. Morally stressful choices and situations ultimately lack meaning under resource management mechanics -- whithout sacrificing your judgement in favor of efficiency, the game simply won´t progress, and even when playing with that in mind you´ll be tortured by a coulpe of badly designed stages (the desert planet in special). The plot is promising but eventually falls apart, since narrative cohesion is dropped with each further set piece. The concept is brave, it must be said, and visual style is delightful."
76561198006640506,Not Recommended,274290,30511627,Posted: 14 March,all,Zentak,"I guess this gamme is not for everyone, and I'm one of those who don't like it and cannot recommend it. On the paper this game has everything I'd like to see in a good game: story, characters, difficulty, consequences for choices.So why I don't like it? Let me explain so that it may help other people before buying:- it's unfairly difficult: the difficulty comes a lot from the fact that there is some randomness in the events. It's not so much based on skills or memory, just some dice roll.- I have no idea how to solve the puzzles besides doing a lot of trial and error, which is complicated by the fact that there is some randomness. Why did I fail the mission? Because I did it wrong or because of some dice roll?And when a mission fails, you'll have to do it all over again, and of course it's even more frustrating when it fails near the end.I gave up at the second mission as I didn't felt like trying one more combination of possible answers to the interrogatory: not my idea of fun."
76561198027171160,Not Recommended,274290,11412857,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,TheMashaPit,"To put it simple this game is not about tough decisions but rather trial and error. Say the wrong thing and bam you have to restart the whole chapter. But its not because you made a very blatant incorrect moral decision but rather becuase you deviated from the set pattern of conversation responses that allows you to continue playing the game. Then there is the RNG. At one point in the game you have to play russian roulette while being interrogated with 2 possible responses giving information to the torturer and sparing you a round under the gun. Problem is eventually you will have to be shot at and there is nothing you can do to avoid it. And if you are just unlucky enough you will find the 1/7 chance to be shot (yes its 1/7) and be killed and have to restart 24 minutes worth of effort. Some people will defend it by saying ""its supposed to be hard you just have to get better""let me just say that nothing is hard about trial and error. Its just tedious and boring."
76561198025010678,Not Recommended,274290,11418431,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Caged Nicolas,"I loved the Ludum Dare submission and put a few hours into trying to beat that. I happily paid for the pre-order just on how much I respected their work and their ambition. I'm happy with that payment even as I regret to say, the full game did not pan out well.I get that it's not much of a point-and-click adventure...but there are ways to do resource-management-clicky games without the baffling design decisions made by Deconstructeam. There's a random-number-generator event in the second level that, no matter how well you've planned out your clicking strategy (which by this point, is dozens and dozens), one roll of the dice immediately kills you and sends you back to the beginning of a 15 minute long click fest. It's perhaps the dumbest, most bewildering design decision I've ever seen in a game (at least, in this decade). It's more fun to turn off the game and contemplate what exactly was going through the designers' minds when they thought that would be a worthwhile addition. I pity the game testers that had to sit through that part. But that assumes there were even any game testers, which I think is a questionable assumption given how clunky this game turned out to be. The sad part is, the problems are so endemic to the design that I don't see how a ""bug patch"" will fix them without completely changing the game.That said, again, I'm happy with my pre-order purchase...indie games need support and hopefully GWBW will be a footstep for this studio to go on and create much better games in the future."
,Recommended,274290,29047932,Posted: 5 January,all,stargater,"""Live. Die. Repeat."" - Gods Will Be Watching taught us that even before Emily Blunt and Tom Cruise.. ;)It was a plasure to watch this small game develop into something special over the years.Quite an oldschool experience from the gameplay and puzzle design point of view. But I like the dark sci-fi setting. It really helps with the mood. While it can be tedious at times and the plot in the ending of original game only hints answers to many questions, I would gladly recommend it to anyone.After much tweaking the original difficulty is set just right (hard, but rewarding). And while it brings nothing new to the concept of the game, the DLC is a masterpiece. Great storytelling that even breaks the fourth wall sometimes and meaningfully ties all the loose ends and give the reason for story mechanics.It may be a suffering to get to the end, but in the end you'll leave the game with pleasant feeling and wandering about many things. May the Gods watch upon you kindly."
76561197978804316,Not Recommended,274290,11411017,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,rareWhiteTRASH,"I really want to love this game, but the seemingly random elements that determine the outcomes in many situations is just plain frustrating.  I love the concept, the story, the music and the art style - but I HATE the way it plays.  I wish I could just watch it all play out, instead of having to play this anger-inducing failure simulator."
,Not Recommended,274290,34892608,Posted: 11 September,all,CyberPyTron,"After hours of playing, dying and thinking (bothinsidethe game andaboutit) I think for me it's a no.I really tried to force myself into liking this game and, even though there are some things that I liked (such as the soundtrack, some puzzles), at the end the core mechanic just makes everyhing look boring, tedious and frustrating.Overall opinionThe goal of the developers (at least what I think it is in the classic mode, the one ""suggested"") is to immerse the player in the game world, by making him fail over and over and forcing him to reconsider his moral choices. For example, should I kill this guy to make my life easier since I already died 10 times in a row by trying to save everybody, or should I find a more clever / hidden path to the solution? This wouldn't be a big issue alone, I like well thought puzzles and finding clever solutions, but this is heavily broken in the game for the following reasons:1. It'sRNG heavy. Even though there are difficulty modes that eliminate partially the RNG factor, I have to judge the Classic mode that the developers suggest to play.2. ""Optimal""solutions are LOOOOONG, and you cannot make a single mistake. Which means you have to spend several minutes on the same level (I took hours for some), watching thesame animationsover and over again, reading thesame textwalls, clicking thesame buttons.. I think you get it.So overall, even though i like that the core concept of the game revolves around ethics, the implementation is poor and you can feel your hate towards the level you are playing growing and growing every minute it passes. Plus, your choices don't really affect the future (thing that Ihatein all this kind of games, such as the Wolf Among Us), meaning that if you kill a character in chapter 1 it will be still alive in chapter 2(even though you can see the sprite animate in a different if you let that character die in a previous chapter).Concluding this section, if you don't like games that force you to make choices but are not able to make you feel guilty or make you think about what you've done (the pixel art doesn't help with empathy), just skip the purchase and the rest of the review. Otherwise, if you're still somewhat interested..Game mechanicIt's just a point and click, click on this character, open that menu, click this list item, do this, do that, so on and so on. It gets really frustrating to move the cursor over the same stuff repeatedly, and don't even make me start when you mistakenly choose another menu item and find yourself shooting a guy in the face. Surprise, no warning for that! .. Which is not even that bad, considered that if I had to confirm a prompt every time I had to kill someone in the game I would've uninstalled way before completing the main story anyway.The context menus are really bad placed as well, in a lot of levels to get the stats of your team (stamina / thirst / etc.) you have to spend 5 seconds because you have to ask the damn robot to activate his sensors in order to analyze the team. What the hell?? Just put the numbers on a menu always visible!! I swearI've lost at least half an hour just to fetch stats during my play through, unbelievable.The graphic artThe pixel art is mostly fine. The sprites are a bit weird, but that's personal preference and the objects are easily recognizable anyway, the images have a nice color palette. You honestly get what you pay for. The huge issue is thatthe animations are very slow,and that doesn't had any kind of fun to the game.The storyOh boy, I really don't want to hear anymore about neither Everdusk nor Xenolifer. I like interstellar drama, but this has honestly gone a little bit too far and it bored me waay before the epilogue. To be honest the fact that you read the same, identical dialogues over and over again doesn't help as well. The characters have basically no personal development and even the Sergeant (the ""main"" one), the only true badass / promising in the game, has basically 0 action since it mostly gives orders and organizes the team. I think thata game that is focused on team work without individual and group development in the story just doesn't work.The music and atmosphereThis is good, I initially bought this title for this (found in the r/outrun sidebar, iirc). The music fits very well with the general ""space survival"" vibe and I love synths / retrowave / darkwave in general, but listening for the same stuff for hours turns out to be just plain boring, and you'll soon find yourself in muting the game and opening Spotify.TL;DR: Game is tedious, boring and doesn't bring anything new. If you need a game to bring your ethic values in play, find something else."
76561198133999330,Not Recommended,274290,12935852,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Shocksplicer,"If I can fail a challenge despite doing everything right because the game features an element of luck, that's not fair.If I can fail a challenge a dozen times in a row becuase the game is based entirely around luck, despite pretending to be strategic, the game can ♥♥♥♥ right off.Gods Will Be Watching can ♥♥♥♥ right off."
,Not Recommended,274290,32038701,Posted: 29 May,all,鲸鱼Whale,"I played in the Original difficulty. The first two chapters seemed fine and did give me an illusion that it appropriately combined complicated choice-makings and deep metaphors. Chapter 3 and 4 were time-consuming because of random puzzles appeared along the way, and you cannot solve them by simply looking at walkthroughs. They were still acceptable, though. However, when I finally got stuck in Chapter 5, all I found about this chapter was such a mess. I could hardly say there was any rationale behind characters’ choices, all I could depend upon was my ‘luck’ (Well if that was what ‘the God’ wanted, I did not see any point of this).Overall, I can tell that developers have a huge ambition behind this dark and painful story design, but the annoying gameplay is the grave they dig for themselves.I want Chinese version!!!"
76561197994886667,Recommended,274290,11478290,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Devos,"I think people are exaggerating the difficulty in this game. I'm on chapter 4 in original mode (the hard mode and i have never tried easy mode) and I don't feel this game is too frustrating. The game is all about risk management and figuring out the mechanics. I've managed to keep my entire team alive just with proper micro-management. This game's strategy is all about micro-management and assessing your risks. It is not a point and click adventure like what many have been led to believe. This is a good game to pick up if you're looking for a puzzle game (which is what it should have been advertised as). It's not a game about ""moral dilemma with hard choices"" like many believed. Indeed, people who were ""sacrificed"" come back to life in the next chapter. Just keep in mind what kind of game this really is before buying it.There is an RNG factor in the game but there are plenty of ways around it. SPOILER: The one exception is the russian roullette part. There is still a higher chance of winning at this part if you know what you are doing, but I still agree that it's kinda cheap. When you get good at this game, you will realize that the chances of RNG completely screwing you over is actually extremely slim. I actually found Chapter 3 to be easier than the first two chapters. That may be because I'm learning how the game works instead of complaining about the RNG.Losing is actually not frustrating in this game as long as you learn from it. You learn from how you failed at the game's ""puzzle"" and what you can do next time. This leads to some trial and error but not really in a frustrating way in my opinion. You're trying to figure out how to solve a puzzle which means finding what fails and what works.I give the game an 8/10. Working around the game's RNG can be fun but there are certain parts where it's just cheap (like the russian roullette). I recommend it to anyone who likes puzzle games but that's about it."
,Not Recommended,274290,28428009,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Snuggles,"Pure trial and error gameplay. There is no way to intuit (as far as I could tell) when to do what. Yes I could lower the difficulty but since the descriptions of the difficulties say that the Original is how the game is intended to be played I am judging it based on that.It's just not fun. The opening sequence is a hostage scenario where you have to manage hostages, help the hacking, and keep the guards at bay. Due to randomization and it being somewhat difficult to gauge when something is going to happen it ends up being like a chaotic game of chance where you lose every time. I would be fine with horrible things happening if that then became part of the story and the game advanced... but it doesn't. You have to do it just right or you never advance. Sorry but the supposedly great story never really had a chance to grab me because I was too busy watching scientists get shot in the ♥♥♥♥ing head over and over and over again.I wouldn't really recommend this to anyone. I would have refunded it had I bought it after refunds were a thing, and I would be hard pressed to ever revisit it."
76561198049350749,Not Recommended,274290,11450256,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Skirlasvoud,"I was hoping for this deep, decisive survival game where my actions lead to meaningful consequence and the harshness causes gripping moral reflection in me...What I got is a gory, strictly story driven resource management game where I min/max my way past the fail-states until I can figure out the patterns after dying 12 times.Not disappointed with my purchase since I actually kinda like latter, but all of it is decidedly ""meh""-worthy and it took me some time to readjust away from my expectations and try to get along with what I was eventually presented with. Eventually, I did like the atmosphere and I approve of the art, music and even the setting as the game's greatest merits. However, the systems and the story told simply don't play along nice.Take Chapter 2 for instance. You're captured and are brutally tortured. The retort between your torturer who explains himself and the way you hold out by crafting an elaborate web of lies are actually pretty riveting... for the first 3 times.Then the game falls flat and literally pulls out its own carpet out from under itself in this dialogue:""There has to be a pattern to his torture. Most psychopats have.""""Yeah, if only I had a dozen lives to figure it out.""And you do! And its such a disappointment in its own way. Took me getting beaten to death twice to figure out begging actually works when you're in the bleeding posture, took me 6 drawn molars to realize I'm pretty safe lying after constructing a ruse by thinking twice.I've now been killed thrice by getting ripped in half on the torture rack.If that sounds extreme; don't worry. You'll get used to it. The game loses a lot of its charm and all investment you could have had for the plight of your characters, as you conquer its systems instead of enjoy the experience, which is the exact opposite of what I wanted. The survival horror is still present, but the game fails to marry it with the mechanics.Now, this is a tough game. I recognize that. I'm not even punishing it for that and I'm not part of the conga-line of people that blame the game for being too hard or random. I'm the kind of guy that whips out a pen and paper whenever the game befuddles me and I can promise you that a lot of these actions aren't as random as you might think, or can be compensated for by mastering other factors.And very rarely, yes, it is simply Russian Roulette - literally so in Chapter two torture scene where a seven bullet gun with one chamber loaded is placed against your head. Things like that are the only factors that are completely random (inside an otherwise predetermined routine mind you), but oddly enough this was the only situation that after neatly figuring out how to survive the entire jount and the most grizzly tortures on paper, that still managed to get a kick out of me and made me deeply empathize with what was on-screen. Didn't bat an eyelash being tore in two on the rack or getting an arm lobbed off since I know how to avoid that, but damn if that gun didn't made me turn away and close my eyes every frackin time. Its been a long time a game made me do that.But do hostages that detailed truly add to the situation, or do they simply become faceless fickle systems you need to master? And why are their random failstates in a game I've learned to play as a spreadsheet system, even though those are sometimes the best moments? Should they be? Can I truly feel for characters I've seen die and resurrect more times than I care to count? (Even though I still really enjoy seeing these characters getting fleshed out under such bizarre circumstances.)All of it is simply too disjointed.I still think there are moments of brilliance though. The concept sounded really good on paper and some of the systems work brilliantly, even though not unified enough to create an end-product that I can recommend or understand.If Gods Will Be Watching can be compared to a failed product other than a game, than it would be a wrongly crafted piece of jewelry where all the gemstones poke haphazardly out of an ugly clump of gold.I just wish someone would take note of the design and not the result, to create the game that I would have liked Gods Will be Watching to be."
,Recommended,274290,19246982,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Sterlander,"I hear a lot of complaints about this game being too luck based, and there for not being worth a buy, due to the game not relying on skill, but RNG.What people don't realize is that if there was no RNG involved, then there would be a simple solution / path of choices you could take in order to beat a mission. The RNG makes every mission play through unique.So if you are discouraged of buying this because of RNG, don't. This is a fun, immersive, and overall cool expereince, and it is totally worth the buy in my book.9/10"
76561198022554720,Recommended,274290,11419996,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,InVs,I for one like this game because of this trial and error BUT i dont like the fact that u have to restart the whole level when u die especially in chpt 2 where the torturer whips out a gun and plays russian roulette that was based on luck HOWEVER i personally like the style of the game this game has taken but defintely if u dont like trial and error games do not play this because u are gonna die A LOT if u like trial and error games play this.There is defintely some moral elements in the game as u decide who to sacrifice in order to finish the mission 7/10 in my book. But for some other people u DEFINTELY wont like this type of game
,Not Recommended,274290,11442641,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Sparkileptic,"Resource management simulator plagued with RNG tropes. Some developers or studios produce a slew of crap but commercially viable games in order to fund the projects they got themselves in to video games for. Devolver Digital, however, release a slew of critically acclaimed games to fund crap games like this one. Well done, guys. I hope you know what you are doing."
76561198003566968,Not Recommended,274290,16132665,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,LastSide,"God Will Be Watching is a puzzle game that puts you in different scenarios where you will have to manage many factors to keep a situation under control while you try to achieve a goal. The game records the actions you are using to be succesful in that scenario and if you do complete it, it will display actions that other players had to do to be succesful in %.Hence the name Gods Will Be Watching.The puzzle part comes from how can you keep the scenario under control while achieving 1 goal. For example:First Scenario has you managing hostages: keep them too relax or nervous and they will try to escape or attack your teamMaganing a hack: you have to keep a security bar at the highest or risk a system shutdown while trying to get a hack boost bar at it highest.Keeping a swat team away from the doors of the office your team is barricaded in.Your team might panic and you will need to calm them downIf you fail, lose all hostages, swat team attacks, you get attacked and die or your team panic, you will restart the whole scenario. And everytime you restart the scenario you will be having the same conversation with the hostages, the swat and your team. Plus the scenarios can have random factors in it, kicking a hostage might make the other 3 nervous in this playthrough.... or not. It gets repetitive and stale pretty fast.Gets so stale that when you get the stat screen, showing the % of what other did in that scenario, you really dont much care since you did whatever it took to get out of that level and just move on with the story.I would not recommend because of its scenario restart, repetitive gameplay and random elements to completing scenarios. Its good to try to complete 1 scenario after that there not much to look forward too."
,Recommended,274290,11408924,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,The Underachiever,"First and foremost, this game certainly isn't for everybody.As far as I can tell, the experience heavily relies on your capacity to become immersed in the story and to emphatize with the other characters (so, to put it a bit differently, I imagine it is better suited for passionate readers rather than hardcore gamers).In most of the cases, the negative reviews complain about the difficulty of the game, and yes, Gods be good, this game won't forgive you nothing. But that's part of its beauty.At first, I too had the impression that the HEAVY emphasis on difficulty and the amount of focus on succeeding unecessarily distracts you from actually questioning the morality of your actions, but after a while I begin to realize that this is EXACTLY the point;the game is hard and cruel and unforgiving, and it is up to you whether you will lose your cool and become a ruthless, abusive monster driven by nothing than your wish to beat the game, or whether you will maintain your solidarity and humanity even against such impossible odds.And it IS possible to win and yet do things right, never doubt it!So that's the biggest, greatest plus of Gods Will Be Watching - to sum it up in different words, the game will put ridiculous pressure on you, and the real beauty of it is not so much in beating each chapter as rather in HOW you beat each chapter, how hard you will try find the right balance between being effective and being self-destructively kind and naive.It is fair to say that the main strenght of the game is not so much in what happens on the screen as in what happens within you while you struggle with frustration. (though, to be fair, not once have I gotten frustrated to the point of being angry at the game, despite having to repeat each level good three to eight times)The second thing that I feel I must praise is the incredible diversity.Every chapter has entirely different setting, mood and atmosphere, and that is rare to say at least. Thanks to this, the game never gets boring or repetetive - I mean, DAMN! Just when I thought I had a pretty good idea about what I am into, after resorting to terrorist actions for nonetheless decent cause, through surviving in extremely hostile enviroment and withstanding torture, BAM! I find myself stranded in the middle of the desert in hopeless battle against both the enemy forces and the never-ceasing heat.I can't really find the words to describe this aspect of the game, so let me just call it what I feel it is: MAGIC! DONWRIGHT MAGIC!Finally, the writting is excellent. The plot is grown-up and doesn't resort to dividing characters into good guys and bad guys, the characters you meet are all unique, believable and relatable (not to mention likeable - Liam! You magnificent ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!),and quite soon you will find yourself caring for them.Brazillion outta ten; I am happy beyond words to see a game such as this, and wish to see many more in the future.This is where gaming meets art. This is where gaming becomes an instrument that further encourages exploration of the human nature and nudges you towards unsettling and unusual questions about yourself and the world around you, rather than being just means of entertainment."
,Not Recommended,274290,11396755,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,heychrisfox,"How disappointing. If you were intrigued by this game's gripping premise, and the idea of making solid moral choices, stay away, because this is not the game you thought it was.What was sold as a ""thriller"" where players ""face intriguing puzzles and tough decisions"" is actually just a repetitive puzzle game. It places you in situations which are ripe with difficult moral choices, except none of the choices are actually choices - they're decisions that function as mechanics to a predetermined goal. Saving or killing a hostage is not a choice, but instead a method of keeping the guards at bay. Succeeding or failing at your missions are not complex dillemas that were made on the back of your hard decisions - they're calculated and mathematical uses of the mechanics in your surroundings to accomplish an objective, with a failure resulting in a simple Game Over screen.It's just sad. This game had so much potential, and it just did not live up to expectations or the merits with which is was sold on. Although the premise is good, the writing is janky; although the art is beautiful, the execution of the game mechanics are convoluted; although the story is intriguing, it's also ham-handed, repetitive, and not very expressive. It pains me to say that this game is a beautiful stinker."
76561198062710245,Recommended,274290,21209864,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,snapperfisch,"very enjoyable and quite frustrating, but it won me over. I love the story world and characters createdI think perhaps mechanically the most gamey and weakest chapter is chapter 4 though i understand that this was the first developed. Spoilers for that chapter and everything else commence now,It is aparantly less stressful for the loafers under my command to sit arround a fire doing nothing all day albeit being ignored by their handsom sergent and then being fed a delicious meal at night than watching that same handsome seargent execute three of said loafers and be fed their meat if i have a little chat with the luicky diners before the execution.burden will not kill liam to save his crew but will kill his crew and eat them to save his crew- i suppose this makes sence a bit given his character and beliefs, But that is some bromance.it takes the same time, an hour to be precise,  to put a log on a fire, shoot said log, have a chat,  hunt from the wilderness enough food to feed 4 people and a dog, collect enough firewood for 4 days on a planet that has 5 hours of daylight and it takes three times as long as that to prepare a speach of a couple of paragraphs perhaps burden is a perfectionist or sarah is a terrible stenographer.characters will eat raw meat whilst sitting round a roaring fire and have the gall to complain about food whilst sittign around said fire all day.5 actions are possible irrespective of the number of people available, despite the ability to manage the manpower of all in the previous chapter,in addition it is apparantly less stressfull to be infected witha a virus that intergalactic super powers have not cured yet, which you migth be months away from curing, whilst being in a cave in with murderous terrorists waiting for you on the outside and being experimented on in a trial and error approach to human testing, than sitting around a campfire watching me do all the work.robotics/civil/vehicular/communications/space engineer takes a couple of hours to fix a robot but 20 hours to fix a radio, robot can only fix a radio 20% worse than a meatbag when outside or stand there on the outside despite being a shoveling powerhouse earlier.in short, most of my crew are workshy lazy imcompetant directionless cry babies and the one who isnt has butterfingers, looking at you jack, quite the Burden.I can understand the reason for having limited actions and the sanity, and thre mechanics being different each chapter, but as you can see, for me at least, it caused an inconsitancy of tone and mechanics of the world that was annoying.other than that though i enjoyed the game, havnt cleared the dlc chapter it seems rock hard to get them all up the peak, I'll have to execute most of them and wear their skin as a wintercoat asnd make snowshoes from their skeletons sounds fun."
76561197977041794,Recommended,274290,26098157,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Bloodwork,Great example of an adventure game without inventory-based puzzles.
,Recommended,274290,29576885,Posted: 29 January,all,AwesomeTurtwig,"I first played this game when it was a flash game. I thought it was very enjoyable. I was delighted to see an expanded game on Steam, so I bought it when I could.The game consists of decsions that need to be made inorder to: preserve or gather resources, complete your goal for the level, or manage an unstable situation. It's almost live the descions that must be made in Civiliazations games. I need X and I need Y, which should I get first? And how will I be negatively affected by getting the other later? Almost every level contains a time management system. If you lose, you will start back to the beginning of the level with some time wasted, depending on how far into the level that you've failed (worst case scenario is 20 minutes). This game is HARD, do not expcet beating the levels on the first try. Some levels seem impossible at first, but once you understand the manegement of each level, it can get pretty easy.Here is a small list of Pros and Cons:Pros:Fun time managementYou're put into interesting SituationsGreat pixel graphicsWonderful soundtrackCons:A little unpolished,  cutscene transitions are none existant, UI can block other UI at times, etc.A little short, there is only 7 levels plus 1 DLC level. It took me 7 hours to beat the game on the hardest difficulty."
,Recommended,274290,19454985,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Whitetailfox,"Gods will be watching is a pretty novel hybrid between an adventure and strategy game.Essentially the gameplay puts you into a tough situation, where you have to deal several pressing concerns by giving out orders to your companions, which may bring you closer to resolution but may also result in their death. It's a game of tough decisions. Ultimately it is possible to save everyone but it will often require practice, planning and a bit of luck to pull off. Speaking of luck, the game has a degree of RNG that ensures that you are never certain that everything will go according to plan, however you are usually given tools to avoid risking too much as well. This is however still something that can put people off, so the developer was kind enough to add a 'puzzle mode' which reduces the effect of RNG. The game is still however pretty difficult, expect to fail a few times till you get through it. The game does come with an 'easy' mode that makes the challenges noticeably easier to overcome, but there's a reason the developer states that the game should be played on normal and I also feel it ruins the experience to go 'puzzle mode' or 'easy mode'.In the end I recommend it provided you're not put off by the difficulty, particularly if making tough decisions is your thing."
13571443235676247,Recommended,274290,28884508,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,§ϸæϹϵ ϹϱϣЪФϔ,"Gods Will Be Watching (GWBW) is a point and click puzzle game set in a an unique science fiction setting.Gameplay consists of solving puzzles that span the course of 1 chapter, and will include one or more moral dilemmas.I do recommend this game for its story as it is rather unique in its approach of moral questions, as it is not edgy for edginess' sake, but rather displaying a moral question and having my the player engage the situation, which allows the player to get a better idea of the  issue.The game does not have a high amount of replay value, but due to its low cost ($20 for the game+free dlc or $2.50 during sales) I feel one play through is worth this's  at much."
,Recommended,274290,34401407,Posted: 21 August,all,now thats a supply drop,"Gods will be watching is a brilliant game, but before buying it you need to question yourself: Do you like hardcore games? and do you like text based games? If no, then don't buy it, onto my thoughts about the game. This game is also story rich and its own universe or some sort.The game is made to be really hard, you will fail, over and over and over and over and over again, thats how it supposed to be played, until you figure out the pattern behind each level.There are several chapters and you have a different situation in each. Gameplay will differ chapter from chapter, but it'll stay text based.Gods will be watching art style is amazing, I havent seen this quality pixel art in games for quite some time, music is very nice too.The game also has an ""Easy mode"" for casual losers that are only here for story or something.Overall a very nice indie game. My personal rating: 9/10. Worth buying if you love text based and hardcore games."
,Not Recommended,274290,11409228,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,wormroom,"For a game that bills itself as a game about choice and tension, I've found Gods Will Be Watching to be more about trial and error than anything else.I liked the original Gods Will Be Watching mostly because one playthrough felt like that was enough to understand the game. I was sure that there was some way to win, but I felt like accepting the inevitability of failure was enough.The basic conceit of paying $10 for this game is that I want more of the same. What I don't think the developers understood, though, is that I didn't care about winning in the original.I cared more about choosing how I lost, and realizing that my efforts weren't enough to solve the problem.Here's where things get tricky with this game:I haven't played this game very much, but I already understand the basics of how this will work. I'm going to have to discern how people are feeling based on the animations of their sprites.As a result of my inability to discern what the sprite animations are trying to tell me, I've lost the first level a bunch of times. The problem is, though, that I don't really care about losing.I didn't spend $10 on this game to figure out the correct way to solve a problem. I paid $10 to spend 15-20 minutes each in various high-tension situations.I don't want to feel bad for playing on easy, I want to feel bad for letting a hostage bleed out and not think about how to optimize the bleed-out time to better release a fake video game virus.I like the idea of this game, I like the art, but the execution is shockingly bad. Really."
,Recommended,274290,32292787,Posted: 9 June,all,Unwarranted,"I'd like to think there's three ways of playing this game: A straight, first-time way, and a second more in-depth one, and then a chapter-to-chapter one.The game is sometimes merciless towards you, and it would seem that a lot of time is lost on you - the players - part.However; this is not a game you just ""play for fun for 30 minutes"".After beating the game two times on different difficulties, I went back and played the game more episodically, focusing on one chapter at a time. Sure, I had to restart because of the game ""being cheap"", or myself being either to brash, or to cautious.Thing is: It's kind of the point.This is not a classic ""point-and-click"" adventure without fail-states. It's a modern, retro-style one, with heft and a bit of RNG within your choices.PS: I think the music is lovely."
76561198052029153,Recommended,274290,32287827,Posted: 9 June,all,Salty IQ,A little gem.Trully challenging and even more poetic.
76561198022867449,Recommended,274290,26305977,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Messo,"This is not a game for everyone. It needs a lot of passion (and some intelligence) to get inside the feeling of 'Gods Will Be Watching'. At first I thought: ""Damn, this is just a freaking random game, nothing that I do changes anything! It's just random choices for random consequences!"". But believe me, it is not. I kept trying the god damn first mission, until understand how it works. I beated the game playing the original difficult. Awesome! The story is pretty damn well written.In fact, I can understand why a lot of people don't like the game. But hey: I don't like a lot of people as well."
,Recommended,274290,22837227,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Pug Jesus,"tl;dr: Game is impossibly hard, but so good I bought it a second time just to share my experience with itIt must be understood that this is not a point-and-click adventure. This is not a simulation. This is not a strategy or puzzle game. This, like Darkest Dungeon, is a game of risk management. Losing is not just fun, as in Dwarf Fortress. Losing is not merely inevitable, like in Dark Souls. Losing is an integral part of the game. Be prepared to lose, and lose often - remember that life and the universe aren't fair, that in a thousand lives, you succeeded once. But that one victory is so, so sweet, it makes it all worth it. The game's story and execution are absolutely brilliant, and the soundtrack is to die for. Beautiful aesthetics, music, story... I can't recommend this game enough, IF you have a hell of a lot of patience. It's completely worth it."
76561198043390946,Not Recommended,274290,11400130,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,krisr012,"it's an excellent idea for a game but executed extremely badly, it just doesn't give the freedom that the game was advertised with."
,Not Recommended,274290,11398695,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Bush,"I was very excited when I first saw the gameplay trailer for Gods Will Be Watching. It looked like someone took all those extreme ""would-you-rather"" or ""what-if"" nightmare scenarios that friends sometimes play and mashed it with the heavy moral weight ala Telltale's The Walking Dead. What will you do to survive? Will you sacrifice your humanity?Sadly, this all falls flat in the execution. First off, this game is VERY difficult (which is not necessarily a bad thing). However, each  failure feels like a punishment as the game makes you start over from the very beginning of the chapter. This would not be an issue if each chapter weren't so long (it tooke me at least an hour and a half to complete the first chapter). Adding to this, the options available to you for each scenario is fairly limited. Add that to the frequent deaths going back to square one and each chapter can feel like a real drag. Whereas The Walking Dead made each decision have a real weight to it that would really affect your environment, this game makes each decision feel significantly less important. This is due to the fact that after a while you start to realize that you are going to be repeating that same decision every time you have to restart the chapter. The final episode of Telltale's the Walking Dead would have had a lot less emotional punch if you kept on having toask Clementine to shoot you.Finally, it seems as though every scenario has a very narrow set of sequential actions that will allow you to move on to the next chapter. This results in each chapter feeling more like a guessing game rather than an actual scenario where each decision feels wholly your own. Ultimately, this was what really drove my decison to give this game a thumbs down. Stick with  Telltale's the Walking Dead if you want a game with weighty moral dilemmas."
76561198010687016,Not Recommended,274290,28156789,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Izjeen,"Interesting game but just not for me. Excellent art style but overall the levels are frustrating and require a lot of trial and error and, ultimately, frustration. The levels sometimes drag on for a bit."
,Not Recommended,274290,11428503,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Gameboydude,"Before I begin my review I have to say that I really was looking forward to this game and that I, along with many people, thought this game would be something worth noting. It was not.Pros:*Decent looking story. I mean it's got it's originality.*Great pixel art. I'm a sucker for it.*Cool end-of-mission screeens. They can compare the actions you did on a level with everyone else who bought the game.*Ok # of outcomes.Cons:*I can't connect with the characters due to their semi-bland personalities, fully bland jokes, and PLEASE SHUT THE FRONT DOOR dialogue. This makes testing my morality EXTREMELY easy.*Runs ENTIRELY on luck. If a game were to have luck integrated into it (like Fallout's VATS system), then I'd hold my tongue. BUT to consider a mission successful based on percentages is pure bull.I can tell how fun a game is based on whether I want to replay it and whether to increase the dificulty when I do so. This game says ITS REEAAAAAALLLLY RECCOMMENDED if you play it on ""normal"" dificulty to get the full experience, and then it kicks you in the balls with the borderline impossible gameplay. There are games out there where dying is constant and seemingly endless (Dark Souls), but this game determines your odds of success LITERALLY by a percentage and not by the skill of the gamer. If you play it on easy mode it makes a difference, but you're not enjoying the game the way the devs want you to.tl;dr: The developers made promises it couldn't keep up to, it relies soley on percentages and not skill, the characters are bland. Not worth the price.4/10"
76561198064601942,Not Recommended,274290,16611927,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,HeartofGold,"Unfortunately I can't recommend this.I love the game from a design perspective, but the whole idea (and title) imply this is a game about tough moral decisions. But to do this, the game would need to present you with various possibilities where its hard to decide what the moral thing to do. You can see that sort of thing in ""The Walking Dead"" or ""Papers Please"".Instead, we get something more akin to a 'pacifist' achievement that sometimes appears in AAA titles like Dishonored, Mirrors Edge or Metro. Im not against those kinds of achievements and options, however that is more akin to a difficuly level, rather than an exploration of ethics.For example, the second mission is fantastic, you are being tortured and you must survive day after day of torture, but where is the ethics problem? You can try to survive at the cost of your friends life....or try to get both of you through.I was hoping for something more grey, e.g. Both live but let enemies gain information that endangers innocents, vs letting friend die."
76561198033762114,Recommended,274290,18368400,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Vex,"I've never written a review before but I absolutely adore this game and want to support the genius development team behind it.I'll keep it short and sweet: the art is beautiful, the writing is brilliant, the music is atmospheric, and the gameplay is addictive. If you like trial-and-error strategy, thoughtful storylines, and tough choices, this game is what you want. Buy it now. But if you're not prepared to fail over and over in order to learn and adapt, move along.Pros:- Irving- Beautiful art- Brilliant writing- Great music- Clever puzzles- Interesting story- Replay value- Did I mention Irving?Cons:- Not enough Irving- A little verbose at times- Frustrating RNG in some chapters"
,Recommended,274290,26054425,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Nocturnal Stalker,"This game is one of a kind, and I sincerely thank the developers for the pleasant experience.You rarely can find a game that has both an interesting and unique gaming process and a captivating and complex storyline. Gods Will Be Watching is definitely such a case.The music is very nice and fitting, the controls are simple and intuitive. While some people may find the graphics outdated, in my case I noticed that the pixel graphics provide a certain kind of charm.I must also mention that I really enjoyed getting all the possible achievements. It took me quite some time, but it was totally worth it.My verdict is that this game is the one of the best I've ever played, and I absolutely recommend it to anyone tired of all the cliche and hungry for a good story."
,Recommended,274290,31869867,Posted: 20 May,all,KevinStorm,"Good:The story is pretty engaging.There is considerable difficulty on ""original"" mode, but it's not difficult to the point that it gets frustratng (much) or feels impossible.The overall design is really unique.Bad:Very little background or explanation of anythingMuch of the difficulty is from the game not telling you what you're supposed to be doing, so you have to figure it out through trial and error on your own.Overall I'd say recommend, but a freaking tutorial or some sort of hints in the introduction to each chapter would be nice."
76561198262080096,Recommended,274290,19866578,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,ElLirogono,"(EDIT)My review posted before playing DLC (negative):Mixed feeling about this one.I decided to buy GWBW as I thought it's an adventure point&click game with moral choices.Instead I got a sort of strategy game with trial&error mechanism rather than planning in advance.The plot was not bad, some of the chapters were really interesting to play, but the moral choices were vague and the ending very, very disappointing.After playing DLC:Go, buy this game.DLC should in fact be an epilogue to the story, not an add-on."
,Recommended,274290,26193532,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Pennycook,"Gods Will Be Watchingis unlike anything else I've ever played.I absolutely loved it, but it's hard to explain why without sounding like a masochist.  Every single time that I felt comfortable and started to think that I understood how to play, the game changed the rules and I died.  This sounds awful, I know, but I promise you -- it's not.Each of the game's seven chapters challenges you to do the same thing -- survive -- but the scenario that you find yourself in (and thus the options available to you) are always different.  Every single choice needs to be considered carefully; a balance of risk-taking and careful planning is often necessary, and some actions will have unforeseen consequences.  The apparent randomness here is a stroke of genius on the part of the developers, as I was every bit as relieved as my characters each time that they survived.The only chapter that I found to be too frustrating was the first, since the game drops you into things without a tutorial of any kind.  If I could give one piece of advice to new players, it would be this:talk to Liam on the first level."
,Recommended,274290,25554815,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,sq;rl,"This game is hard. Get it if you like a challenge!This game is really hard!I come back to this game every now again.I think I was stuck on the first level for around 2 months.Controls: Great (Mouse Only)Art: Great (Pixel Art)Music: GreatStory: GoodGameplay: GreatDifficulty: Very HardIf you like a challenge, get this game."
76561197972483399,Recommended,274290,17531034,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Hamburger!,"This game is dope as ♥♥♥♥. It is basically a desperate situation simulator. Ever wonder how you'd handle a horribly tense hostage situation? How about being held captive by torturers for weeks on end? How about the old chestnut of stranded in a frozen wilderness with not enough food for everybody? That's just a couple of the scenarios you have to face in this game. Coming up with *A* solution is hard enough sometimes (though having certain moral flexabilities can help with particular solutions) but where this game can REALLY bake your noodle is the idea that if you just think hard enough -- plan well enough -- you just might be able to save everyone. This game has in spades what 90% of RPGs fail miserably to deliver, and that is AGENCY of the NPCs. The lone badass doesn't singularly decide the outcome here -- you have to manage variables or the situation is going to spiral out of your control. The scenarios in this game are brilliant as well, even with low-res graphics it delivers MULTIPLE situations I'd be glad to have ONE OF in other more shiny titles. As of this review I have finished 4 out of what I believe are 7 scenarios... and It's just intense. There is mytery, and character development also. A thinking person's game for sure. Just lovely."
76561198067256131,Not Recommended,274290,13793341,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Apex Laudem,"Seemed interesting, but after 123091273 tries you want to be one of the hostages that get shot in the face."
76561198035864161,Not Recommended,274290,11412092,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Wayas,"For the sake of posterity, I'll mention that while writing this I am still working my way through the game.As far as my impression so far goes, the puzzles presented to you are shocking, absorbing, and downright challenging. The art is absolutely great, the sound design is quite possibly better, and the story is quite fascinating.However... The game, on it's hardest difficulty, (which it pressures you into playing) can be quite punishing and really separates you from the narrative.I recall, after getting halfway through the torture vignette and dying, thinking ""Oh boy"". The lack of checkpoints really hurts this game, especially when it can rely so heavily on chance.Perhaps we'll see this as a later inclusion? Who knows. Until then, I'd recommend those having issues (which many invariably will) trying the easy setting, which I think gives an experience closer to the one we all expected, and allows us to better enjoy the game's strengths."
76561197967032439,Not Recommended,274290,11823699,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,frontsquats,"In theory this game is really interesting and excited. In practice it is tedious and tiresome. I was wanting a narrative driven game, but I can't even bring myself to drudge through it. I'll take my loss and just be sad I preordered."
,Not Recommended,274290,11865765,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,PB3K,"It feels like there's no rhyme or reason to any of this. I spent over an hour trying to get through the first scene and eventually my efforts boiled down to ""click and hope for the best"" and that didn't even work. The level of random this game throws at your makes the whole thing frustrating, not fun. It's a shame since the graphics look really unique. Maybe I'll go back and try one of the easier modes but playing it ""as intended"" is really just an exercise in frustration."
,Recommended,274290,22129890,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,NightFire,Текстовый Dark Souls.Две миссии - 5 часов :)))) :steamhappy:
,Not Recommended,274290,11397539,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Pyronite,"I Will Be Uninstalling.This is an exercise in frustrating game design. Through subtle visual cues, you are meant to manage a hostage situation and keep your party alive past a move timer. It's not a fun experience. I should have waited for impressions prior to purchasing – it's not for me."
76561197982950406,Not Recommended,274290,11400998,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Vamandrac,I originally thought this game was going to be about making moral choices and how that effects the characters/plot.  What I got instead was a game that is based on luck and lots of trial and error.  This game is more about resource management than moral choices and if you fail at that the game punishes you by making you restart from the beginning of the chapter.  Even on easy it was a struggle to figure out the right combination on certain sections.  I would avoid this game until the developer adds a check point system and even then I would barely recommend it.
76561198101463187,Not Recommended,274290,32214025,Posted: 5 June,all,delphi_ote,"Compelling story, but far too much tedium and repetition to be enjoyable. You just repeat the same loops of actions over and over again. If you make a mistake, you start all over again."
,Not Recommended,274290,11421050,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Saint,"This game is a wasted premise. Bugs, repetitive gameplay, moral choices with no lasting consequences and a terrible ending. Short, broken and pointless."
,Recommended,274290,12708636,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Asryka,"Very challenging, but good game. Awesome old-school graphics and a challenging adventure. This is a game you can easily loose hours on.My only complaint is I wish the storyline was longer."
,Not Recommended,274290,29566445,Posted: 29 January,all,Al_Azil3,"Even on ""Narrative Mode"" this game is horribly unforgiving. Some might like throwing away hours of their lives on trial and error but I most certainly do not. Interesting characters, cool setting and nice music frankly can't save this one."
,Not Recommended,274290,11397080,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,R I E N Z I,"Beautiful pixel art, great soundtrack, ♥♥♥♥ this gameplay though."
,Not Recommended,274290,11398377,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,nop,"Gods Will Be Watching is an interesting concept for an adventure game marred heavily by some really dumb design decisions.The premise is you are Sgt. Burden (no♥♥♥♥♥♥, leader of men in a bleak far future where you have to make tough utilitarian choices to survive. Beyond this interesting idea though there isn't a whole lot worth paying for.The game is too difficult in the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t of manners. At the outset you have a choice between ""easy"" or ""original"" difficulties, with original being devoid of any hints or help and said to be how the devs want you to play. I chose original because I enjoy challenging games, but this is another level. For a game that consists of fairly long scenarios where you are sent back to the start if you die, far too many outcomes are based on chance. For example, the 2nd scenario you have to survive torture for several days and one method used on you is Russian Roulette. I had gotten to this part before, had a plan and went to execute it, however on my second turn I got my head blown off because there was a 1 in 6 chance of it happenening. At this point I looked to the sky and said ""Thank you Jesus for bestowing me with these hard-hitting, quality independently developed games"". This wouldn't be such a big deal if it wasn't for the fact you have to run through scenarios several times till you know what is happening.The torture scenario, again, I had to play several times till I eventually had no choice but to write down the order torture methods were used in order to succeed. It was actually clever and there was logic to it but it didn't become apparent until over an hour or so of experimenting and dealing with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t RNG deaths, which made the cleverness substantially less impressive. The manner in which you have to repeat these scenarios is also detrimental to the game's core theme. Any tension that exists as part of making these choices is dulled by frustration and rigmorale. You get to a point where you don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥how many puppies you have to kick, you just want to see the next screen. Considering this was ""playing the game the way the developer intended"", I wonder if they played it themselves because it is not enjoyable.In general the game could use more polish. There's plenty of typos and graphical errors like sprites shooting 180 degrees behind them without turning around. Speaking of graphics, the backgrounds look great but the character sprites and animations could use more effort. In a game where caring about the characters is a big deal, maybe giving them actual faces would have helped. This could be more of a personal gripe though because I think games that do this (Superbrothers etc.) are downright ♥♥♥♥ing lazy. All that time spent on background and yet no one could be bothered to draw just two dots and a line on some faces. Some people will say this is ""minimalism"" as the game was a Ludum Dare game with that very theme, but you could ask someone to make a Ludum Dare game about cheeses at this point and they will just make whatever the ♥♥♥♥ they want and relate it back somehow.Overall, super disappointing. Do not buy for less than five bucks.EDIT: I do have to give this game credit though for having consequences that carry over between scenarios and actually have an impact on your situation. In that sense it's better than what Telltale has been doing. Just a shame it's so damn frustrating."
,Recommended,274290,16391875,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Cobalt Mettle,Cut off my friend's arm when I lied saying my name is Billy Bob Joe Junior.10/10
76561198015846624,Not Recommended,274290,11406615,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,gfixer,"The game gets repetitive unforgivably fast, which is a pity, because otherwise it's marvelously executed. The graphics, the music - everything makes the game really atmospheric. It doesn't matter however, because it all boils down  to a trial and error experience, no challenge whatsoever. It just gets boring. A shame, I really looked forward to this game."
76561198059448593,Not Recommended,274290,13636393,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,RIP HARAMBE,"Pros:-Excellent art style-Interesting storytelling style-Vast universe which the story can be explored in-Challenging puzzles-Being forced to explore moral gray areas-Beautiful soundtrackCons:-Brutal difficulty-RNG dependency-Most characters are extremely two dimensional (avoid the pun)-Not user friendly, let alone noob friendly-No checkpoints/saves within a chapterTossup/features:-No backstory-Voxel art-Unforgiving in the slightestGods Will Be Watching attempts to straddle several horses, among them being punishing difficulty, making morally ambiguous choices, puzzle-solving, vignetted storytelling, and so many more that wind up stretching it too thin to be enjoyable.Due to your sweaty-palmed fate you've spent the last 20-60 minutes crafting (in this instance, let alone the last few hours you've spent on the game in previous chapters) coming down to a dice roll, having to restart it over and over saps the impact from the story at hand. From reading further reviews and watching lets plays (I admit it, for help and guidance), the worst part of this draining experience is that if you've somehow managed to haphazardly grope your way through a level, sacrificing life and limb, your choices wind up not mattering at all in the tail end of the game.After your sixth try at a level, it turns into a monotonous gray slop you have to somehow make sure you do not muck up at before you get to where you mucked up at last, and then either continue your so far 'proven' method of beating the level, or riding it out to failure oncemore.No amount of 'the end explains all of the retconning' or 'git gud lol u suck' will justify this game's existence in my game library. I'm fairly sure I could hand a zoo full of monkeys a typewriter and then have the local crack fiend outside the gas station edit the monkeys' work into a text-based adventure game (with illustrations) off of dice rolls where he attempts to break one of my fingers and shitcans my progress every time he disagrees with me for cheaper than this game.TL;DR voxel art point and click attempts to capitalize on the developing niche market of 'cuckold gaming', where you pay however much money to Gaben to be repeatedly destroyed for things that are and are not your fault; if you do not enjoy this game, you are a scrub who cannot appreciate art and needs to 'git gud'."
76561198018808965,Not Recommended,274290,11404255,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Spoopy Pickle Rick™,"I need to second the common theme in the reviews. This game is a RNG that costs 7 pounds (Or your regional equivelant.) If you are hoping to pass this game using your wits solely, you'll be disappointed."
76561198031137944,Recommended,274290,11433272,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Isaac,"O...lets see...this is a great game the story is awsome play it to the end. yes u will fail very very often but that is the atmosphere of the game...so if u are very arrogant dont buy it. u will have to make moral choices but there will not be written ""u did a bad thing cause shooting a kid"" but most people dont think thats an moral choice than...soooo if u dont have a heart and moral feeling urself dont buy it. i had much fun and can only recomment it. and if u seen the bad reviews...u should think why they all just played like one hour...they just failed often in first chapter and were♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥..u should not believe these haters...have fun"
,Not Recommended,274290,11397172,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Pyromoto,"As much as i understand having some of the RNG element to force players into adapting through different situations, it seems like they made a bad decision to implement luck into impossible situations where there is a slight chance of dieing instantly regardles of progress.I am simply not even given a choice to recover during those instances and my fate is simply left to chance, making all progress whether good or bad obsolete.It almost seem like I am punished no matter how well i do if i were to be so unlucky to roll a 1/7 chance of being killed. This makes the game a grind, pulling me away from the immersion of the game.If only it had stuck to the layout that I played during the demo, where as random as it maybe, I could still make the right choices to recover from previous mishaps."
,Recommended,274290,20222257,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Darkistic,"This game is tough as nails. A few of the challenges seem to have very high impacting elements of luck involved which makes them more irritating but they are in the minority while the remainder, while still usually being impossible on the first attempt, do each offer ways to learn and improve and give you a better chance of success by doing so which is very satisfying. What may not be expected of a game about moral dilemma and sacrifice is that if you do happen to let one of your comrades die in a certain chapter of the story they will not continue to be dead. The chapters tell the story while you are tasked with trying to get the outcome where ideally nobody dies.The graphics and music are lovely for complementing the characters and atmosphere. I've always thought that games with similar graphics to this tell their stories well. The music is bittersweet and reminds me almost of Chrono Trigger's which is of course amazing. The story is interesting and kept me hooked but was very blurry to begin with, coming together nicely at the end (Spoilers for this and Undertale:which has elements of what Undertale does best with temporal loops and it's use of the ""fourth wall""). The extra mission is a must-play for the explanation it gives. Do not leave this game without completing it. It should be the last chapter not just labelled the ""extra mission"" because the game is incomplete without it.Recommended for those patient enough to get through some of the luck based encounters and who will enjoy replaying levels to adapt to succeed in them. In return you'll get a neat little bittersweet story looking at the lives of some impressive characters that deal with harsh situations and try desperately to avoid the inevitable. Also some nicely humourous moments through dialogue and gameplay (I laughed at two of the chapters where I failed instantly after ending the first turn). Again, play the extra mission."
36987412369874123,Recommended,274290,19708276,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,tnoy,"If only more games could be this deep and gritty, making you care about the characters and the universe they struggle desperately in."
,Recommended,274290,31956738,Posted: 25 May,all,Sackbandit,"Wonderfully immersive game, brutally difficult, and still able to crush you wtih RNG even when you've done everything right.Even has difficulties that remove the random chance and make it super easy, for all the people out there who aren't into having their spirit crushed."
,Recommended,274290,20472888,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,gomsim,"It is really hard to decide if this is a game I should recommend to people or not because it is such a niche game. While the game can drag on forever sometimes it also makes you really feel something if you stay for the ride.Gods will be Watching is a survival- and recourse management game. You will be put in all sorts of situations where your survival will need sacrifice in one way or the other and you will have to choose between bad or worse. The problem for some people will be that these situations can drag on for a long time and require a lot of trail and error, but they also become extremely tense and rewarding.In between chapters there is a text heavy and quite philosophical storyline, taking place in a dirty futuristic, intergalactical setting, which was intriguing for me, but might put some people off. While asking lots of big questions, the storyline is not very deep, but charming nontheless.I would recommend this game to people who want to feel something and know they have patience. If you just want to ""get on with it"" this game is not for you."
,Recommended,274290,31641051,Posted: 8 May,all,NightQuest,"Welp, this is a tough one to review and even tougher to play.I have bought Gods Will Be Watching back in 2015, and when I first launched it I think I wasted about an hour trying to complete the first chapter only to be brickwalled by the second one. I haven't launched the game a single time since then. That is, until three days ago.Now, after about 20 hours of immerse gaming sessions I have beaten it with all achievements. This really is a love/hate kind of relationship I have with Gods Will Be Watching.The Hate:This game ishard. I am not a fan of punishingly hard games, and that was probably the main reason I abandoned it on the first try. The difficulty is also very inconsistent throughout the chapters - it does not just build up till the end of the game. Even though it is explained later in the story why trial and error is a natural instrument of advancing - I still feel that it is something that will likely put off plenty of people. Gameplay can also be somewhat repetitive, but the constant fear of failure will likely not let you notice that most of the time.The Love:Once I managed to find my Zen and enlightenment through frustration, anger and Game Over screens, I actually started to understand how things work. Each chapter is somewhat different and you will have to poke around (and fail, miserably) a couple times before you learn your ropes. It helps that there is a mission-specific tutorial presented in a form of dialogues with some character(s) present.The story is really great - it is a mix of SK's ""The Dark Tower"", a touch of ""Final Fantasy"" trademark 'a bunch of individuals vs. one evil super-conglomerate' theme, a dash of ""A Space Odyssey"" - all that creates a solid, dark and existential plot. All my questions were answered by the end of the DLC chapter (which is a must, by the way).Oh, and I am a sucker for a good time-paradox story.Soundtrack is absolutely gorgeous - fingerspit did a stellar job capturing an atmosphere of each chapter.Artwork is absolutely lovely - that is, if you a fan of a pixel art. If not - I am not really sure what are you doing on this store page at all.Whom can I recommend it? I can't really say, to be honest. But I can, however, say that you should not play this game if:you like your games linear in means of progressing through levelsyou like your storier to be linear in narrative and have a hard case of fractured timeline allergiesyou do not like to try and fail time and time againyou tend to abandon things if your time investment does not pay off right awayyou firmly believe that each story should have one definitive and concise endIf, by chance, things above are not relevant for you - you might actually enjoy Gods Will Be Watching like I did."
,Recommended,274290,29663539,Posted: 2 February,all,wyulf,"have you had bad days? i mean really bad days ... like ... you get hit by a car, go home, your house has been robbed, and your dog died, kinda days. take a few of those days, mesh them together, make a game out of it, and you get this.that kinda has a 2-fold effect. first of all, it's tough to digest; and i mean really tough, like eating a bucket of nails. secondly tho, it makes a good, compelling story to tell.that's what gods will be watching is like. a really really tough point and click game. like a lot of tragedies; it just takes a moment to happen, and the same, this game is actually fairly short. but like most tragedies, it has a fairly intriguing tale to be told, to say the least. the question is, can you stomach the pain and suffering to get to the end of it?personally, i loved the art, and the unique gameplay. the challenge? that's a bit debatable. it's certainly not for casual gamers. no walkthroughs and guides can save you unlike most traditional point and click games. it's all about identifying patterns and figuring out how things work, but over time, you'll get the hang of it (hopefully) ... again, if you can stomach it that far.if you uh ... believe in the healing powers of hair ripping, spine tingling, frustratingly tough games, this is a must buy! truly made for the masochist in you."
76561198042602467,Recommended,274290,12824303,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Orangey,"Incredibly interesting and engaging game.  The first mission is rather hard, but if you are willing to get past the difficulty curve, you've found a game that really is art."
,Recommended,274290,12843840,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,› Bonce,"Without a doubt one of the.... no, the best story-driven game to come out in a long time.A real adenvture with proper adult themes and consequences for actions, truly a peice of gold in point-and-click gaming.recommend to all that love a great story."
76561198014978623,Not Recommended,274290,16505952,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,50 foot gun,"This game has what looks like a neat story, but two really major problems.Narratively, the lack of choice is not only annoying in and of itself, but extremely poorly-executed. This becomes evident early on in the game where, as an example, a character has a chance of dying, but if they do, they show up again in the next chapter like nothing happened at all. The game literally retcons a character's death. There is an explanation given later on (timelines, Groundhog Day), but it feels lazy and unsatisfying.The other problem is that it's deliberately difficult in a way that isn't fun. Unless you're on narrative mode, if you get through any scene on the first try, it's by sheer luck. Randomness has a high chance of wrecking you, and even with minimal random elements, most of the puzzles require a few deaths and restarts before you have a handle on how things work.The game has a deliberate theme of helplessness and futility that carries over to the mechanics, which seems intentional. As a concept it's interesting, but ""let's make a game that's unpleasant to play"" is a self-defeating thing that exists only for the artistic statement. And I cannot recommend you spend money on that."
76561198087175815,Recommended,274290,23814602,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,inthelitterbox,"Very addicting, but very, very, very dark. I had some of my characters die and promptly spent the next three ours replaying the mission to attempt to keep them alive!"
,Recommended,274290,11921031,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,R.B.,"Those ""professional"" Metacritic reviewers who bashed the game for the same reason Dark Souls had been praised for can go to hell and never return. Also, Gods Will Be Watching is an achievement as an OST:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4dOBIO5hrrI"
,Recommended,274290,12607420,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Xamdam,"The amount of hate this game is getting is absurd. To be fair, there should be a disclaimer: This game is built to make the player fail. You will fail. Repeatedly. Sometimes simply because RNG decides it so.If that turns you away, then don't purchase this game. You are offered little to no direct instructions other than how to select commands, and you are presented with, at most, hints from other characters about how to proceed. The rest is completely up to you to figure out. And when you finally ""get it"", it will often be too late as half your party is either dead or about to die and the game over is seconds away. But every time you fail and restart (which, by the way, is incredibly smooth, putting you right back into the action by skipping any unneeded dialogue), you push forward with your newly found knowledge to beat the level. It could be as simple as memorizing the visual cues or realizing a pattern to how events sequence out. And it's not like you don't know what killed you. It is often extremely clear (I failed a chapter 1 minute in because I failed to light the campfire for the night, freezing everyone to death, with an accompanying message reminding me what I'm dumb). All this adds up to a ""Eureka!"" moment, when you finally get your own routine down to beat the level, where you understand how to keep that constantly rebelling hostage from attacking, and you are certain you can win....And then you fail an action that has an 80% chance of success, giving you a game over.It's all very reminiscent of the difficulty of retro games, where the only way to succeed is by dying to the traps that you can't possibly avoid without already knowing they are there.It does what a ""choose your adventure"" point and click like The Walking Dead series was supposed to do: Your moral choices aren't simply governed by how much you like a character (Let's be real, every ""save this character"" choice in TWD was ultimately inconsequential if you survived or not), but by the fact that choosing to be benevolent can doom your entire group. Knowing you are one unlucky dice roll away from death certainly skews most people's moral compass.In multiple chapters you are presented with a survival challenge: Keep everyone in your group well-rested, fed, and happy, otherwise there will be deaths. Easy enough, right? So when oxygen is running out and the only way to survive is by getting passwords from your hostages who refuse to talk, do you beat their kid and threaten to blast his head off to break his mother into telling, or do you let him free to earn the trust of your captives? Or what about when your hunter is unable to come up with food for the day, and you have to choose between feeding your party's doctor or another member who offers purely moral support? Do you let the doctor go hungry and risk him dying/deserting, leaving your party without medical aid, or do you feed him and let someone else starve to death? Suddenly, moral choices become much more impactful.For me, the combination of ""You can't save everyone"" with RNG elements and vague mechanics makes the game much more immersive than your standard survival game. You aren't given clear instructions, consequences need to be learned (the hard way), and often times you don't even know what the win state is.Which brings me to chapter 2.  Everyone is whinging about it, so if you read the reviews you'll probably know a little about it.It's a torture chapter, where you need to endure (what you are told to be) 20 days of torture. And in the middle of it you have to play a literal, unbiased, beautifully cruel game of Russian roulette. Every time you choose to not answer a question, the guy aims the revolver loaded with one bullet at you, and the only thing keeping you alive is merciless Lady Luck herself. This segment of the chapter is fantastic because you have to plan around it. You are given a little bit of leeway, every time you are close to the brink of death you can tell your torturers a little bit about the truth so they give you a break. Give them too much though, and you fail anyway. So you can either use those confessions to make the rest of the sequence easier, hoping for good luck on the roulette, or you can save your confessions to basically bypass the roulette sequence. And when it comes down to it, the feeling of complete hopelessness you get when you're waiting for that click of the empty chamber is amazing.All in all, this is an amazing game. The minimalistic graphics are awesome, the soundtrack is superb, the story is a little cheesy, yeah, but still enjoyable. If you are patient and aren't turned off by the fact you can fail simply because the game said ♥♥♥♥ you, pick this game up. Definitely worth at least a try."
,Recommended,274290,21591816,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,✝ Meatbolt® ✝  מַלְכֵּי־צֶדֶק,"This game is really good, every ordeal is enjoyable, scenario is near perfection ! Drastic choices, a gem !"
,Not Recommended,274290,13164174,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Hunk Skinhub.com,"ugh, it's kinda good... but it's so random, and when it's not it's just too much. It's a good concept, and has cool art, a interesting play style, but it's just not right. It does this drama about characters you cant really care about because they are blurry pixel faces without voices, pulling random objects out of their asses and things and it just doesn't work. Also, its so freaking hard, playing it on the easiest mode is irritating, and anyone ""good"" at this game, simply has failed a thousand times and tried every fail combination possible. But the worst of this is the randomness. Random♥♥♥♥♥♥happens throughout the story just to screw you up. Ok, fine, but does the game have to be entirely dependent on this mechanic? And of alllll the times they could really use this random mechanic, like when you're being tortured, they don't. So it's simply two moves and they rip you in half every time. Yet, wandering the dessert, yes, you do this... you ♥♥♥♥ing do this... the whole♥♥♥♥♥♥is random, every area randomly chosen(or at least near random enough for me to not care to figure out a pattern, random sandstorms, random bs. At least you don't have to worry about people with more than half their morale taking off in the middle of the night because ya had them fix a radio? wtf ♥♥♥♥ this crap. And you retry and retry making your every effort to see them all through, just to find it doesnt even affect the story whether or not these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s took off... they show right the ♥♥♥♥ back up.Nor did it seem to matter what info I gave during torture...I don't think anything matters about this game... and they dramatically talk about that from time to time. What's worse, is it's the kinda drama that would make you say ""ugh get on with the movie already."" And its non stop. Whoever wrote the game just thought that he could make something heartwrenching by being so dramatic, but it fails in that way. It is heartwrenching trying to deal with the gameplay. I just ""thank the gods"" that I managed to get all the right compounds in nearly the right order on the first try during the mission that makes you...get this...First you have to dig yourself out of a holemanaging a bunch of people a robot and a dog to do the diggingya have to have defibulators charged up which takes a guy to doya have to have a robot charge some other♥♥♥♥♥♥up from time to timemaking sure you dont blow him upya have to make seditives and adrenalins to make sure everyone gets rest and wakes up on timeya have to synthesize a goddamn anti virus made of 4 of i think 6 latin letters in a specific order.ya have to test that stuff on the peopleya have to make it a certain lethality to determine whether or not it worksya may kill someone idkahhh man, and a dozen other things in a time limit.Really, the gameplay is obnoxious. The drama is pretentious and cheesy. It's just not fun. It's a headache, with expanding returns. If, this whole story was different, and instead of making choices in time limits about peoples lives, it was about something humorous, and the choices realllly didn't matter, this would be great. BUT I wouldn't trust these guys to write good humor either."
,Recommended,274290,12687015,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Bartek,"Excellent story. It's resource management with risk management. You can choose a risk level (0 %, 20 %, 40 %, 75 %) for a choice to go bad, but you don't have enough resources to do 0 % risk all the time. Choose wisely, which risks you want to take, because some consequences are more dire, than others."
76561198146963461,Recommended,274290,12211922,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,carlphudson,"I'm a big fan of adventure/puzzle games with great stories, and this checked all the boxes. The game is difficult but in a way that forces you to try different strategies rather than simply develop the ""skill"" that generally comes with playing a hard game. Finding the right pattern of choices will make you feel pretty damn smart. There are some elements of chance, which I grant might be frustrating to some. For me, though, those same elements of chance made the game a downright thrill ride at certain points. It was exciting enough that it never even really felt like a point-and-click. Not a game for everyone, but if it's on sale you absolutely have to give it a chance."
,Recommended,274290,22906609,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Buildarobot,"My rule of thumb when gauging difficulty of a game is my bottom lip will quiver when I die unfairly. I'm like this :( forever now.I understand why people like these games, but for a casual player of video games: Stress beyond belief. Is this game for the average Joe?No.Is it for the sadistic?Yes.The casual mode I have yet to try maybe it's better.. Not sure. I'm sure the story by itself is fun, but the intergrity of the game's often lost in those senarios.  I would recommend this game for those die hard adventure quest genre people. This screams difficulty from the 80's Sierra Age. The story is fun, character's well developed and you're always wondering what's coming around the next uncertain corner."
76561198087313881,Not Recommended,274290,11440802,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,mike182ac,"here is a short list. most people feel the same way about this game.-at first glance it looks awesome-noticeable typos that take you out of zone-player has NO affect on the story, even if you kill someone and finish the mission they will come back-no reward for finishing a mission-gameplay is ultra repetitive, and the only way to learn how to progress is through trial and error, there is no way of telling if what you are about to do will help or hurt (seems like a good mechanic until you look at the fact is that making a mistake or taking some sort of brutal action will have no consequnce on the characters that are supposed to be very deep and interactive)- gameplay mechanics consist of resource management and puzzle solving with RNG.In the end the biggest let down and misleader is the word ""adventure"", im almost certain that the main character has 0 reason to move from the spot that they are standing in. when you realize this you see that each mision is bassically just a moving picture that you are frustrated with.- also repetitive dialougueif I thought that i could get my money back, I would definitely ask for it"
,Not Recommended,274290,11528686,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Chanman,"There might be a lot of consequences for your actions in this game, but I'll never know. This is not pixel art interactive fiction or a straight adventure game where any number of choices will all allow the player to proceed to discover the effects of their choices.Instead, the closest analogy that I can draw is to a brutally difficult Choose Your Own Adventure book. Each chapter requires a lot of trial and error to suss out the background mechanics to the point where I quickly lost immersion in the game and reverted to metagaming analysis in order to plan a series of actions in order to proceed. The narrative impact of dialogue quickly loses its potency after the second or third loop.The impact of random chance in the 5th chapter is especially egregious and there are some notable lapses in game logic. Starting a camp fire by using your pistol to shoot a log or adding an already collected log costs an action equivilent to a hunting expedition or collecting firewood.In the torture/interrogation sequence, the characters apparently cannot think of lies when not actively being tortured (a more logical route would have been for the game to give a single substantial boost (maybe even to 100%) to the credibility of your lie if the question being asked in a subsequent session is the same as the quetion being asked during the previous day.Finally, the background of the setting isn't explained quite well enough to make the context of the game clear in parts."
76561198036534600,Recommended,274290,11500038,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Idoodletoo,"One thing I can say is this game is not for everyone.Gods Will Be Watching is really not a hard game, it just going to test your patience.Depending on what mode your playing your going to be failing and replaying an Chapter over and over again.I personally did not mine the constant failing but I do admit that there was two chapters (2 & 5) that I felt that were unfair and went beyond frustration."
76561198010870353,Not Recommended,274290,24224020,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Wormwood,The game demands the player to guess some kind of unobvious combination of actions. Providing little feedback as to were your actions correct or incorrect.
,Not Recommended,274290,11443688,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,a Slice of Sam,"dumb not a story point and click, just a management game. VERY dissipointed, not like the description or the trailer"
76561198021671754,Not Recommended,274290,11435527,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Antis,"I thought this game is a puzzle game, but it's not. A good puzzle game should have clever hints and variety of puzzles. It does not.You will end up doing the same clickings over and over again.Don't waste your money on it."
76561198040668491,Not Recommended,274290,13620170,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,BOT Steve,Your choices mean nothing and when the game isn't leaving the outcome to rng it's using contrived logic to solve problems.
76561197993568602,Not Recommended,274290,13645367,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Matkong,"This game is -although advertised differently- mainly focussed on micro-management. Although the visuals and backstory are appealing, these are overshadowed by everlasting, boring, extremely unforgiving gameplay.Don't play this game if you are expecting an adventure, a narative experience, or a point 'n click game. Read the reviews first."
76561198082205808,Not Recommended,274290,33985182,Posted: 2 August,all,SexyFitness,"Cool concept, but the difficulty is artificial and unfair. Game had so much potential."
,Not Recommended,274290,11393435,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,「Lovecraft」,"While the game seemed extremely promising, it turned out to be really disappointing. I along with many other people thought it would have tough moral decisions and choices affecting things, but all this game is, is an insane resource manager with tons of RNG-based mechanics, especially in chapter 2.I do not recommend this to anyone unless they like to die a lot and feel angry about losing 20 minutes worth of progress due to bad luck.Addendum: It only has one ending."
,Not Recommended,274290,11425328,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Comrade Kai,"I pre-ordered this beacuse I thought It was going to be an adventure where all your choices counted, where you could feel involved with the story and the characters, i was hoping a game where you could be free of making your own choices and moral judgments with your own way of thinking, and I think most of us thought that way.Instead of that we got this lie to our face where ALL the choices you do are based in luck, no kidding It's all based In probability and luck. It doesn't matter your opinion or your way of thinking If you're lucky you'll succeed, If not you'll fail and have to restart all the chapter.One of the most disappointing games I've ever played If you're searching for a luck simulator buy It if not don't do It, trust me It's not worth It."
,Not Recommended,274290,11423047,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Have You Seen This Twink?,"I eat up these kinds of stories. However, game is essentially nothing but you praying to Lady Luck and RNGesus... I kind of like it, really. But I know most people won't and I can understand why completely..."
76561198040323960,Not Recommended,274290,11467311,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Wubs4Scrubs,I've played slot machines that require less luck6/9 don't waste your money
,Not Recommended,274290,14627874,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Nathanael,"Random elements in game balance is all well and good when the difficulty curve is somewhat less than completely unforgiving. This is a game where you are destined to lose time and time again, learning only through trial and error, in chunks of time large enough that you are never able to determine with any degree of certainty what mistakes you made, except for the ones you purposefully made. In short; it's not a game that ever teaches you how to play, and stacks the decks against you anyway by not playing fair or consistently.This is not a game. It is a spite generator. The ""mercy"" patch fails to fix the fundamental problem with the game balance, which is that there isn't a difficulty curve; it drops you in to the deep end with nothing to teach you anything about anything, and no consideration for pacing.[edited to remove; It now makes me suspicious of trying their previous game ""Hotline Miami"" in case that too lacks any evidence of the developer understanding of the basic concepts of how to design a good player experience.]"
76561198006660007,Not Recommended,274290,11398682,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Fengor,"If you're planning on buying this because you think it's a point and click adventure then you're out of luck. This is actually a roguelike in the same vein as FTL, and equally as frustrating, trying to pass itself off as as a point and click adventure game.I very much regret my purchase, and wish I could get my money back."
76561198043996757,Not Recommended,274290,11407581,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Pyongyang Wizard,this game has typos so a litertarture genios like me canot play it i have a degree
,Not Recommended,274290,11411003,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Zandor,"God's honest opinion: This game was a complete waste.Pro's1. Great visuals2. Pretty nice music3. Very interesting storyline (so far, the game won't allow me to progress)Con's1. The games core mechanic is completely broken. (Choices)2. Spelling errors. (this isn't grade school, if a game is text based, they should at least proof read it for errors)Explanation:The game showed off having a variety of choices to make, which isn't really present. It's a turn based, do this now do that, type of thing where you are trying to prevent all hell from breaking loose. This would be nice if there were more choices, but there just aren't.First level:calm the hostages down, or get them upsetnegotiate with the guards, or shoot at them (which only makes them backup, and can only be done twice)prepare to hack, attempt to hack, or strengthen your hacking defenses.^^^Those are your choices, and its pretty much just figure out the order then rinse and repeat.Super meat boy was tons more enjoyable.This is like those multiple choice computer quizzes you took in highschool, that don't allow you to pass until you get enough right answers. You take the quiz, get a few wrong, take it again, try different answers on the ones you got wrong last time, and continue to narrow it down until you pass. Well the game would almost be bearable if that were entirely the case, but every now and then, when you are doing everything right, something happens that shouldn't: your hack gets shut down, one of the hostages tries to escape, or the guards kill you (which I've had happen with 3 hostages and the guards were half way back)THIS IS A BROKEN ♥♥♥♥ING GAME, DO NOT BUY!!!"
,Not Recommended,274290,11414986,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,darque,"No checkpoints/savepoints = wasting HOURS with zero rewards and/or any kind of progress.LOTS of micromanagement.Luck appears to be of paramount importance and skill only at best occassionally useful.Pros? The concept and art are great. And I wanted to give it a really fair shot...so I played for a total of three long focused hours.And then I made one error at (literally) the last second of chapter 3 and over an hour of work was completely obliterated.You have better things to do with your time and, frankly, your life. Don't support bad design and don't waste your energy on this game.If I could, I'd ask for a refund."
,Not Recommended,274290,11393104,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Henriksen,"DON'T DOWNVOTE THIS JUST BECAUSE YOUR OPINION IS DIFFERENT. THIS REVIEW IS (SADLY !!!!) LEGIT :-(AND IT SEEMS ROCKPAPERSHOTGUN CERTAINLY AGREES WITH MY REVIEW WHICH THEY POSTED SOME HOURS AFTER I DID. I HAVE ADDED THEIR POINT AT THE END OF MINE AND THEY HAVE COME TO ALL THE SAME CONCLUSIONS! .. So suck it, downvoters!Hi devs or fans of this game. Been looking forward to the release of this game for about 5 months, since i first heard about it. And Devolver, one of my favorite publishers are publishing it? Great right..Except I'm gutted..First of all. This game is much less about decision than it is micro management and grinding..I thought this was a meaningful experience that challenged your morals but instead, i found a grinding game that was incredibly hard to progress in. Stuck in the first level for almost an hour (I've played through 5 levels now) because it was seemingly impossible to beat it, so I had to go through the shame of playing it on easy, only to find that there were seamingly no meaningful choices at my disposal, while still being difficult... (And I play Hitman Absolution on second highest difficulty. And I loved all three of the Souls games, so I'm not a newbie gamer who only plays shooters or something like that. )This game is nothing like what was advertised, at least not to me, and I'm absolutely gutted. I chose to preorder this game, first game i've ever pre-ordered because I don't believe in the practice, and now I'm sure I'll never do so again...All this is a shame as the sprites a beautiful and the game is generally pretty with some nice environments in the different levels (that get repeated near the end). Writing is passable and the soundtrack is pretty decent. It's not Hotline Miami (One of my favorite experiences and favorite soundtracks)Sorry, but I just can't justify having bought this game at all and I doubt I'll be spending more time with it.. After waiting all day for it to be able to install, i'm incredibly dissappointed.(RPS REVIEW POINT: It’s beautiful, no doubt. The pixel art is wonderful, and the soundtrack is splendid. Looking at just the screenshots, I’d be reaching for my wallet. But the core game is just so tedious. By the fifth chapter, you’re literally wandering through near-identical scenes of desert, and at this point I’m honestly wondering if maybe this is the point? Maybe it’s some arch commentary on gaming, on our repeating tasks because we’re told to, for meaningless rewards? There’s certainly enough meta-stuff going on along the way to imply this is where it’s heading, but dear me, if so, then the smugness would burst the walls. I really cannot find the will to keep putting myself through it to find out if the point was how much I’m wasting my time putting myself through it. During my fifth go the game announced it was out of memory, and closed itself, and yeah, that will do.I’m really gutted about this. I’ve been interested in the project since the first screenshots, and there’s unquestionably a huge amount of potential for someone to try to combine long-term survival with resource management in this form. But this is a tiresomely repetitive affair, and snarky with it. Perhaps the big reveal that lies at the end would astonish me, but there’s been nothing to earn the persistence I already put in, let alone any more. Let the gods judge me for that.)"
,Not Recommended,274290,11397937,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,INGOBERNABLE,"Game is a random RNG-fest of poorly coded and written (LOYALY) ""point and click thriller"" scenarios.  McPixel is a better ""point and click thriller"" game than this."
76561197970670865,Not Recommended,274290,11398977,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,brahahahahaa,"A fascinating idea ruined by tedious micromanaging. What interesting moral dilemmas the player might face are rendered insignificant by gameplay mechanics that rely too hard on percent chance and the ""Game Over, try again?"" screen. The extreme difficulty and lengthy dialogue clash awkwardly: You'll have to repeat ""levels"" over and over again, meaning you'll have to read the same dialogue over and over again. This repetition lessens whatever effect the situations may have on you, and forces you to focus instead on micromanaging character statuses. This undermines the moral dilemmas the game tries to put the player in, forcing them to rewatch the same grisly violence over and over again and rendering its effect meaningless.For a game that relies so heavily on character statuses, it does a poor job of informing the player of those statuses. Art can be vague, and characters don't react consistently. This would be fine if the game's failstates didn't rely so heavily on the actions of these characters.Not fun. Not effective. Not recommended."
,Not Recommended,274290,11421460,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,CarrKnight,"What a wasted opportunity. The original flash game was an amazing mood piece. The unforgiving gameplay drove it. The dialogue was terse, the options few and you'd learn immediately the odds as you died over and over again. The point of the demo was not winning (there was barely any reward screen), but to instill in the player that dread of being barely alive and see your options dwindling, your mates losing their mind and hope slowly evaporate. Great stuff.This sequel flips the concept disastrously on its head. The gameplay is just as unforgiving and random based, but you are required to win if you want to make sense of the plot. Besides being frustrating, it is extremely gimmicky. Oh really, the sarge gets locked in a room again for the fourth time? And as you repeat the chapter for the nth time you start to wonder. Why wouldn't the terrorist tie up the hostages? Why would a torturer ever put a live round in the revolver? Why can't the group multitask?The link between the narrative and the underlying puzzle is so weak and feels so forced. It was okay in the demo because mood was god, but here it just doesn't work.And the writing isn't very good either. Forget the typos.You can't have a very tense torture scene and end it with the torturer saying ""I had too many jalapeno"". Really? A poop joke? Why not a benny hill music to go with it?You can't have an undercover spy start its trasmissions by reporting its real name, its rank, its location and its mission. That's just poor espionage. That's  just you screaming at me ""exposition tiiime"".You can't postpone explaining so much of the plot in a game where obstacles are so frustating. Why people come back to life? Why am I seeing ghosts? Why should I care if you keep not explaining it to me?You can't have so few dialogues in a game whose sections you know will have to be repeated again and again.Just skip it"
,Not Recommended,274290,11397009,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,F2Pauling,"I've watched let's look at, let's plays, and other videos of this game and I have to admit I was pretty intrigued. It seemed challenging and it does have an interesting story with some neat and amusing characters so I thought for the price it might be a decent pick up to tide myself over for some big name releases.Upon playing I found that there are only sound options, and nothing for windowed mode; how I tend to plamost if not ALL of y PC games. So I went into the directory to see if there were any files that might allow me to fix this.And low and behold, I find something astounding; Every chapter has its own seperate folder out in the open with all the data it relies on completely present and, get this, editable by the user. I don't know much, heck, I don't know ANYTHING about programming but I can recognize numbers and quantities when I see them.You see, each folder has a 'control' file, for instance chapter 3's is labeled 'p3_control'. Go into this file and you can edit various factors about the mission. In doing so I could make any mission so hilariously easy it doesn't warrant the challenge. Now, this isn't me saying that this how you beat the game.But this is incredibly exploitable and easy to do.So why am I saying this in a review? Because I wanted it to be known that trial and error can be fun, and in games like Dark Souls and Monster Hunter learning how to handle situations is exciting. In this game you sit and try again and again as what worked once seemingly fails to consistently get the same results. Things changing a bit is nice, but I don't think such inconsistency in methods that seemingly work is a good thing.Is the story worth the price? Maybe.Is the game worth a look? Definitely.Are the mechanics reliable? I can't say for certain.I don't regret the purchase at all, I'm jus sort of disappointed this game is so easy to mess with yet so hard to complete."
,Not Recommended,274290,11406419,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Conrad148,"Extremely punishing trial and error simulator, make one mistake and the last 10 minutes of your time are down the drain. The thing about trial and error is, you must first error to then learn and do better the next time. You are virtually guaranteed to lose multiple times per level wasting a huge amount of your time since there are 0 checkpoints. It's like theres some excel sheet in the background you're entering numbers into, and if you ♥♥♥♥ up you have to start from the beginning again. The fact that theres a lot of dice rolls built into the game makes it feel extremely unfair and punishing.In a certain level if you do a certain action 4 times, you instantly lose and have to restart (15+ mins of your time) If you do it 3 or less you're fine. However, the alternative to that action is an RNG dice roll. Whether or not the last 15+ mins of your time were wasted is often dependent on such dice rolls."
76561197999393315,Not Recommended,274290,11397744,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,[DB] Pimzy Davenshire,"Gods Will Be Watching is at its very core trying way too hard.One wrong decision and you fail. There is no clear pattern for success or even learning.There is no helpful introduction into the game's functions, methods or required play style.They throw you into the first mission with little more than an eventual ""♥♥♥♥ you"" to the player.The game even states that you will die heaps.There is no room for casual gamers here.Even if it was good, $8.99, this game is not worth."
76561198116379581,Not Recommended,274290,11405324,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,mxi,"One of the few games I regret buying, which might not be saying much, but yeah.Anyways, I got this game after seeing the awesome trailer and reading some pretty cool reviews. I am not new to games that require multiple tries and may cause frustration (I'm looking at you, Binding of Isaac, Papers Please). I am not new to games that try to teach you things through long trial and error and difficult decisions (Always Sometimes Monsters, anyone?). I really looked forward to this game as an awesome mesh of possibilities, going down many different paths to many different endings, all based on your moral standing.That is, sadly, not what I got. Maybe it's just me, but I could not get into the moral portion of this game. For one thing, your decisions don't seem to offer you much of a moral choice. There's not many ""right answers"", or so it feels, and its hard to get through the game without playing a specific way. I probably haven't explored the game enough, but the other thing is, there's nothing that makes me really want to. Sure the dark humor is great, and sure the characters are pretty memorable, but they're also kind of...bland. Not really as deep as I had hoped.And the gameplaay itself. Not the path traveling and searching I had hoped for. More of a trial and error (as above descibed) micromanagement game, which is not bad in and of itself, but really disappointed me. The micromanagement is annoying as heck to get around, and usually requires a few trial and error. The game ends up being very dedication-based; as long as you keep hitting it with your forehead, you'll get to the end, and never mind how many bodies and limbs you have to leave in your path.Every game I've got, even the ones I ended up not playing very much, even the ones I can't run on my computer because I don't have the graphics card (♥♥♥♥ you, Mortal Kombat), have left me with some sort of satisfaction or resolution. A sort of resignation, even, but at least a satisfied close. Maybe I'm a shopaholic on Steam, but anyways, this game just didn't do it for me. I was left staring at it, wanting something...tangible, damn it. I found myself frustrated, annoyed by the game.Perhaps I am to blame, but I have never wanted ten dollars back so badly."
,Not Recommended,274290,11399964,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Pysassin,"I got this game on pre-order, the game SOUNDED amazing. A cool point click adventure that payed respects to the old school art and stylization with some more of the complexity of the newer adventure titles (multiple endings, persistent consiquences, etc) however this game plays like Space Ace's evil twin.....The entire game is about making decisions in a certain order with no CLUE as to what order would be best. On top of that you must pick the correct order in a certain time limit OR restart the whole level again. Playing Simon BLIND would be less difficult and 3x more enjoyable then this game.....Avoid unless excessively masochistic...."
,Recommended,274290,16250664,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Hurricane Jose,"This game is unforgiving, terribly hard, insane, and impossible... AND THATS WHY ITS AWESOME!!! This game is really fun and the story is very interesting and dark, but it is soooooooo hard. I would only recomend it for advanced gamers who like a challenge. If you like the difficulty of Dark Souls, you will like this game."
,Not Recommended,274290,11414029,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,[PTH]Sapiens,"This is NOT an adventure game, despite the genre listing on Steam and what the trailer makes it look like.  It's not a ""point and click thriller.""  ♥♥♥♥ you, whoever wrote that.  This is a micro-management trial-and-error invisible numbers nightmare puzzle game and I wish I could get my $10 back.  If you thought this looked like a sweet pixel art indie adventure game, save your money."
,Recommended,274290,12640398,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,whitefellow,"This game was pretty good if you're into a story driven, puzzle style game.  Couldn't stop myself from beating it within 24hours though but i've played it through a couple more times for fun already."
76561197963142676,Recommended,274290,12649024,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Vesuvius! Fire of fire!,"Very dark, unforgiving, and hard to play due to difficulty and content. If this game had one word to some up the most pervasive theme, it would be ""torture"". Much like Edmund McMillen's Time ♥♥♥♥, the creators of this game are clearly genius and the disturbing content never quite reaches gratuity, but uses the whole game context a means to taunt that possibility.This intensity is not lost on the creators as they consciously engage you in a set of very thoughtful logic puzzles, the urgency of which are heightened by the tumultuous political situation, which forces you to make sacrifices and tough decisions effecting the well-being and future of others and yourself. The makers of the game had a lot to say here. The original version is no walk in the park, but I just have to hear them out."
,Recommended,274290,12649939,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Tonsta_,This is an awesome game! With a strong story this game kept me hooked until thw end.
,Recommended,274290,12975776,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,WarezWaldo,"This game is absolutely phenomenal. While sometimes quite frustrating in its somewhat random nature (especially the first level, before you get a hang of it), there's a true sense of tension and joy to each scenario.This game is essentially about managing stressful situations, trying to balance resources, threats, moods and needs. You're constantly racing against a turn-based clock and every move is crucial and needs to be carefully considered.I just love the moody atmosphere. There's really strong fiction and world building here that nicely complements the game mechanics. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,274290,12997981,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Cassatah,Please... start on narritive mode. It's a wonderful game but a lot of people start on one of the harder difficulties and can't get into the game enough to appreciate it. It's a wonderful game and at the end just made me sit back in my chair and think for a while.
76561198008233581,Recommended,274290,12999964,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Lev,"If you want to feel a sense of accomplishment and reflection, play this game on a harder setting. As a word of warning however, even the ""easier"" modes are still difficult.Engaging storyline, challenging puzzles, but short. Definitely worth the $5 I paid.8/10"
,Recommended,274290,16062461,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,pancakeflipper,Amazing 10/10 ign
76561198037861698,Recommended,274290,23614197,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,OlbapXIV,You can insult your torturer and eat your friends.Worth it!!
,Recommended,274290,14169273,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Agen7orange,"Highly Recommended. This game, as simple as it seems, gave me the most intense storytelling I have experienced in a long time. The plot is beautifully written and delivered, each level is brutal in its difficulty (but never impossible). You will most likely have to make sacrifices among the group, and each one of them is a tough decision. Each member plays a role in the group, and when one is gone, you are even more vulnerable.A very rewarding game to play. 10/10."
76561198114862537,Recommended,274290,31900045,Posted: 22 May,all,daarther,"It's a brilliant game about decisions and consquences with a beautiful sci-fi story and minimalistic gameplay.You will need some time, to get the mechanic's at all and the specific one's per chapter - but I think THIS is the whole point of this game! If you enjoy games like ""This War of Mine"", ""Tell Tale Walking Dead"", ""Darkest Dungeon"" than it's a must have!It's turnbased and if I say more about gameplay, I would spoil...+ very hard+ details+ soundtrack- some inconsistency in story (dead char appears in next chapter playable)"
,Recommended,274290,12869239,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Steelle,"Imagine you're watching a movie and half way through someone burns the theatre down. Now you have to go to another theatre and start from the beginning. It's not your fault the theatre was burned down, but you still have to start the movie over. That's Gods Will Be Watching. Balancing all of the different factors is cool, but the random/chance aspects are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Edit: After replaying some of the levels, I would say two thirds have a pretty good balance, so I'm gonna change this to a yes. I think it's worth playing, I'm just not sure I enjoyed playing it."
,Recommended,274290,13594662,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Bespoke item Supreme,"A game such as this requires a ton of patience and a love management. In all honesty, this game has a lot that has it going for it such as its story, art and uniqueness as a game. The story was pretty interesting, where you play as Sgt. Burden working to save the world. The pixel art style was a very nice touch to the game, I couldn't think of an art style more fitting for GWBW. Lastly making decisions that could ultimately make you die or survive keep the game quite fun. Nonetheless, like most games, it has its flaws. The lack of a quicksave option is one. Another is the replayability because you play GWBW for its story and/or gameplay.Pros:- nice pixel art style- interesting story- unique gameplay- has a nice pace, the story isn't too long or short- the game is overall well made- no bugs (for me)Cons:- no quicksave- cannot be replayable (atleast to me)- minor things such as characters sometimes placed too close to each other.Definitely a must play!I'd give it a 8/10"
76561198024750415,Recommended,274290,18062712,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,^[S]hiNingSun^,We're not terrorists.10/10 Would defy the system again
,Not Recommended,274290,16430867,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,"Donald ""Tender Butthole"" Trump","The premise sounded awesome, but the actual mechanics are way too esoteric and it never actually feels like you're the one at fault when you fail a scenario."
76561198133405124,Not Recommended,274290,16542382,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Zels3000,"I feel this game is generally overhyped/over rated.Now, I really wanted to like this game. I love decision games, and I loved the graphics and atmosphere.What annoyed me is that the role of randomness is tremendous. The puzzles and tasks you are presented with are rather simple, and it is quite easy to figure out how to solve them. However the game is made insanely ""difficult"" because of the conditions you need to meet, and this difficulty is established through rolling the dice, often making the experience extremely frustrating and unfair.Also, each level is independent of each other, meaning even if a vital character dies in an earlier episode, he or she will return as if nothing happened. Overall the player has little control over what happens in the total story.6/10I'm not going to say this game is downright bad, but may dissapoint you depending on what you expect."
,Not Recommended,274290,16546503,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Feraligatr,"Do you like having to re-play entire segments of narrative-based games, having to sit through dialogue over and over because you got the random chance to just ♥♥♥♥ up? Is it fun for you to not be allowed to progress based on how moody the game is? Do you enjoy juggling demands and spinning plates until you die? Then you'll love Gods Will Be Watching."
,Not Recommended,274290,13628360,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Vipus,"Despite an interesting premise, Gods Will be Watching is a game built solely around the idea of trial and error. You WILL fail and/or die constantly in the most unfair or downright absurd ways possible - Sometimes even when you memorized all the ""right"" decisions, since sucess in GWBW can also be dependent on Random Number Generation. There is a story here, but it's not very interesting and hardly worth the trouble. Chances are you'll probably not even remember (or care) about what's going on once you repeat the same chapter for the 7th time.If you're a masochist you might have some fun with this, if not, stay away."
76561197995491515,Not Recommended,274290,15712856,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,2gud,"Although the story is rich and interesting at times, the game fails to actually be, you know, be playable. You'll frequently get curbstomped by the random number generator (chapter 5, how you suck) just no rolling in your favour, which is gonna lead to some cheap deaths. It's hard, but in the bad way, where difficulty isn't gauged by the players skill at managing the resources and time of the crisis but by the computer rolling dice. It's sad really, because the game tackles some pretty large issues, including when acts of extreme violence become justified, theology and philosphy. But it's simply just too much flip of the coin luck to make it worth it."
,Not Recommended,274290,15796982,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,BenderB0t,"I was so very hopeful for this game. Let me preface this by saying the art is wonderful, the music is great, the story is dark and full of meaningful undertones, and the characters are lively and interesting despite never hearing a word from them.NOW sadly the gameplay has nothing to do with actual choice. It's an absolute crapshoot to play the game as the developers intended it on original mode because the choices you make are almost entirely RNG based off of luck almost completely. Would it feel like an acomplishment if I were to complete the game on original mode? sure, but I have no desire to do so, and that would require the game not giving me a god damn aneurysm within the first two chapters. The game boils down to some sort of resource managing skills or making an attempt to gauge a character's state of being and give your best guess at how they would react to which choices you have. In the second chapter you're being tortured and you get to choose in between torture sessions whether you'd like a medkit, painkillers, or intel brought to you for the next torture session, which would be a really cool little bit IF IT DIDN'T REQUIRE 20 CYCLES OF THAT TO MOVE ON. Oh, and if you die on day 10 or so, you have to start completely over from, thus elongating your game time spent flicking through almost entirely identical dialogue instead of playing the game and actually furthering the story. Absolute trial and error, you're really just praying the odds are in your favor.For example I played through the first chapter on original difficulty and every time I died (which was a lot of times) the game gave me the little rundown of my choices and told me I had a balanced approach. Managing hostages, an assault, and hack progress/security requires some balance and in finally achieving the balance, instead of being rewarded I'm greeted with another death thanks to some dumb luck, until my balanced approach worked, I'm guessing because the game pitied me.In the games defense though it does have the cool bits where your decisions are shown at the end of each chapter and how they size up to every other player reacted to the situation and the decisions they made, which is ♥♥♥♥ing cool. Now don't get me wrong I love games that punish the player and have a harsh learning curve, Binding of Isaac, the Souls games, Rogue Legacy etc. but all of those games can be mastered. Skill can be developed to further progress your time to beat and so on. Where Gods Will Be Watching loses me is in the random chance and luck required in order to advance. Instead of allowing its players to progress in the story with penalties for the mistakes they made, which would truly change how the game is played and how the story unfolds (which would be extremely helpful considering a point and click game is centered so heavily on story), it restricts the player to ensuring each chapter ends with a very linear story progression (in my experience, keep in mind I haven't beaten it) that can only be achieved through frustrating luck and trial and error.Sadly, I wouldn't recommend this game, but boy do I wish I could because it's fun to look at, the story is captivating and it has some good stuff going for it, all of which are ruined by chance serving as a gameplay factor."
76561198117426738,Not Recommended,274290,16089314,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Zee-J,"I'd forgive the brutal expectations in the very first scene of the game, but I don't have time or patience to also deal with a random chance to instantly fail. Was looking forward to playing this game from the praise it's received. It might have an interesting story but I'm sad to say I just won't know. At least I bought it on sale."
,Recommended,274290,16827903,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a Point and click game.Interface/Menu/SettingsThe game has some different languages.The game has different difficulties.You can't change the resolution size.You can only change the sound volume ingame.You can only change the music volume ingame.About the game.You play with a guy in different chapters. Each chapter has a different deep story and gameplay and you have to surive them all. Each chapter has a chance of failing and dying and the situation is different too in each chapter. You have to click and make the options, Some options requires the ""Action move"". Then a turn will be completed. There are also hint and tips in each level to help you throughout. It is recommended to read the text that they are talking, it could provide some useful information. Some of the chapters and situations are based on real life things or what could happen in real life aswell.The game has a deep interesting good story.The animation is well done. Even if this is 2D bit graphics.The music fits well.Each chapter has their own difficulty.The game has challenges which will unlock art/music//backgrounds and other things, you can see them in a chapter.Game has some Harsh/rude language.You can hold the right mouse button to skip the intro chat.Other things.The game is short yes but very well written. it has 1 DLC for free which only contains 1 level. The level contains what happend after the final original level. however that level is annoying(from the dlc) lol.Whenever i was alt-tabbing. My game is making weird flashes. The only way to fix it, is to restart my entire game.I think chapter 1 is the most hardest one out of all of them.9 bucks for this game, its 50-50. Its a good game but on the same time its also a short game.-------------------I Give this game a 8/10"
,Recommended,274290,26708537,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,The Harbinger of Winter,"This is one of those games where saying anything could spoil it... if you're a fan of indies, psychological exposes, or greuling hardcore puzzles, this is the game for you. Worth every hour of live, die, repeating...EDIT: I've employed a new ratings system in my reviews, so I was just updating this one to keep things organizedGraphics: 8/10Gameplay: 8.5/10Story: 10/10Score: 9/10Mechanics: 8/10Overall: 9/10"
,Not Recommended,274290,35159314,Posted: 23 September,all,Nu,"I REALLY do not like this game.The challange in this is just for you to keep trying to get everything right, while all the actions are super slow, and when you repeat the same chapter for the 3rd and 4th time, you already know how every character moves and digs and attacks, it just feels like a waste of time. The 'puzzle' part of this game is fun, if it weren't for having to spend hours for suchlittleprogress, and all the game's difficulties suffer from this.Some people might find this repetitiveness enjoyable, I'm not one of them. So you might still like this game if you're of one those people."
,Recommended,274290,11670532,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Giorno Giovanna,"THIS GAME IS GREAT. The RNG is assbutts but I really, REALLY love Gods Will Be Watching. The story and characters are really, really interesting, and the throwback to Ages Of Irving was a big plus. ( I loved that game, too! ) I'm really happy that Devolver Digital helped out Deconstructeam by publishing this, because wow. What a great bunch of guys. Without them, we wouldn't be able to play Gods Will Be Watching. From the amazing soundtrack that's absolutely impossible to get annoyed with to the impasses you find yourself standing at, deciding whether or not to threaten a child to have people give up passwords or injecting someone with a lethal antidote to make sure that it actually works, Gods Will Be Watching is certainly worth the amount of money that it asks for, if not a little more. ( Legend is a bunch of butts, though. Seriously. Screw Legend. I hate that chapter. )"
76561197994798823,Not Recommended,274290,23621674,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Hyrad,"The concept of a minimalistic game about NPC interractions with choice and consequence have made this game unique and intruiguing. However, its both too hard and unforgiving. I was stuck at the first hacking flashback scenario for more than an hour and finally gave up and decided to shoot all the hostages. I think the player should be encouraged to find creative solutions, and see more clearly how his decisions impact the game."
76561197976261488,Recommended,274290,11859905,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Dougjustdoug,"Playing like a synthesised version of a resource-management board game like Space Alert and a boss fight from Metal Gear Solid , Gods Will Be Watching is a standout indie game and something genuinely different. This 'point & click thriller' is an excellent experience with a tense approach to narrative puzzles and some powerful storytelling. It went right under my radar when it was first released and a friend pointed it out to me, so I'm also spreading awareness. This is atough game, brutal in content and in difficulty (though new modes make it substantially easier if you still want to see what it's about but are time-poor). you'll certianly remember it and it's definitely worth your time."
,Recommended,274290,12756194,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Infin8,I've had more feels with this game than anything in a long time.Get to the end. It will all be worth it.
,Recommended,274290,12867275,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,BabblingFishes,"Completely insane, but very, very good. Think of this as the most intense, difficult, dark version of Oregon Trail you have ever played, complete with stunning dialogue and amazing graphics. At the very least, it's worth Irving's horrible jokes."
,Recommended,274290,31908426,Posted: 22 May,all,a fluffy bunny,"Short game with kind of a binary ending. Graphically it isn’t a highlight but after the 1st chapter I was so fully emerged into the story, that I didn’t realize it anymore. You definitely get your bang for your buck.The difficult choices you’re forced into will give you a different game experience depending on what you focus respectively what your personality is. The story is split into chapters, where you can compare your results with those of others. Much like in the game “the walking dead”.Personally I love games that push me into revaluating my moral standards, games that teach me what I consider to be right and how much or even whom I’m willing to sacrifice for it. This kind of games are like mirrors. Indeed the gods will be watching. See if you can gaze into the reflection and accept who you are. Repeat die, repeat die, repeat die…"
,Recommended,274290,20625505,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Mouthuos,"I got three things to say about this gameGod, forgive me for every thing i've done in this game♥♥♥♥♥♥ the guys who made this game are all psychopaths,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥SHIT"
76561197965067948,Recommended,274290,12850804,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Stabby McStabStab,"If you're like me, Gamespot and Metacritic are my resources to get game reviews.  I rarely buy games that get below a 70% rating with either of these reviewers.  That being said, I bought this game despite the 64/100 on metacritic, I played it not knowing what to expect, and thankfully, I really enjoyed it.As many of the other reviewers will tell you, this game is not for everyone.  I purchased it because I loved Hotline Miami and seeing the previews for this game I was drawn to the brutal violence and artistic style.  It's a very challanging game, and it forces you to pick up on little trends and nuances during the gameplay if you want to win.To explain further, this game requires patience. Just as you start getting really mad because you're getting your tail handed to you, you realize that something you're failing in isn't just RNG, it's something you just haven't been paying attention to.  Sure there are parts that are randomized (which you can disable if you want), but the changing factors with each restart keep you on your toes.The story is interesting enough to follow and it actually kind of makes you look at the way you play ruthless games such as this one that force you to die or fail over and over again in order to discover a solution.  Things you do will make you feel bad, they'll make you feel like you could have done more, and they certainly make you feel helpless.Bottom line, you feel like you're in a Cormac McCarthy novel.  Despiration, violence, and death on death on death.  Love it.Play it for yourself, but with one stipulation: DO NOT LOOK UP WALK-THROUGHS.  FIGURE IT OUT BY DOING!"
,Recommended,274290,19950557,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,That Guy Who Ruined Everything,"Pretty interesting, but way too short."
,Recommended,274290,11566218,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Dr_Led,"Although Gods Will Be Watching is incredibly difficult, I love it to death. I personally haven't even got passed the second mission... Damn Irving and his Brute Alexander... Besides the point, if you love games where you have to keep an eye on everything and decide on what to do, you'll love this game. And if you do something wrong, you'll be punished accordingly and sometimes very very brutally.... If you don't like games that are difficult and make you think, then... Why are you even here?*EDIT*I realized that my opinion was a little biased on the game so here's my revised versionLet's get down to a few things that aren't so great..~RNGesus(Luck in otherwords) must smile upon you if you'd like to actually succed.~The choices really don't matter, sure, you now have the achievement for keeping both Jack and Burden alive in the torture sequence, but they are there if one of them dies too.. What? It's easier to just let Jack die? But.. Achievements man!There are definitely good things~Great soundtrack and sound is really nice~Feel for the game, atmosphere and looks are outstanding*Opinion based*~Story's quite good~Feel overall was superbRating would have to be an 8.2 out of 10Is the game worth getting? Depends on how lucky you are, you may want to go with something else where it's not as relient on luck. Or you could download the demo for this which is only the survival part *Which i absolutely adored!*"
76561198037434201,Recommended,274290,12212175,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Hot Dog Man,"Gods Will Be Watching is a game made by sadistic people for sadistic people, so it is in this sense that I can say that I enjoyed this game. While its story is rather short (If you manage to perfectly run the game it would take 2 hours max) I still thought that the message behind it is rather excellent. You play as Sgt. Burden, and you spend your time as a member of E.D.U.K trying to stop Xenolifer and there plot to release a virus upon an innocent world. This sounds like it would be the grounds for an action packed, teeth gritting, and emotional ride. It is, just not in the sense you would imagine it. The first mission puts you in charge of a hostage situtation about to go wrong, while you micromanage hostages, your hacking progress and security, the guards inching closer and closer down the hall, and most importantly, your ethics. These situations are designed in a way that is brutally unforgiving, one that is designed to make sure you dont make it out of anything scot free. Do you really want to shoot a hostage and spray his brains all over his co-workers? If you dont, his friends may get to complacent and attempt to fight back, and his life will be as good as over anyway. Fear, compassion, brutality, calculation, all worked into a formula of sort to keep the hostages complacent. Then add 2 other things you have to keep an eye on in the form of a rescue team and the security of your hacking connection, and you'll find a situation getting more and more out of hand. You cant just scold and embrace people over and over, and you cant just shoot everyone in the head, you have to find a middle. However, the game is designed to throw so much stuff in your path, you will never find it. Thats the thing here, there is no perfection, sacrifice will either be of your choice, or the games. It will kill your friends, and you will watch and get frustrated, however the deeper narritive at play here will be something most indie titles lack. Im delving into spoiler territory here, but the final 2 missions are when this becomes most apparent. Everytime you lose, everytime you die, Burden does too. He gets frustrated with you, he knows what attacks Liam is going to throw and physically tells him much to his suprise. He is living the same hell you are, and thats when you find yourself thinking. Many people never gave the game enough chance to find this deeper narritive, and many don't care either way, but for people like me interested in the human psyche I cant stress enough how this game sticks with you. It deserves the time of day, just dont come to me if you punch through a monitor in rage."
,Recommended,274290,31366623,Posted: 25 April,all,Joanor,"This is a special game, with its own rules. You will need patience, you will need to repeat some of the parts several times, but the game is rewarding, because the characters are well written and the story is very deep in an oddly and beautiful way. The Last Chapter DLC is mandatory, a masterpiece in video game writing, with a nearly perfect soundtrack.I get it. It's difficult. But you can't hate a game for being difficult. This game is not trying to be a usual adventure, it's something else.And the game has an ""easy"" difficult.-----------------------------Este juego es muy especial, con sus propias reglas. Necesitaréis paciencia, tendréis que repetir algunas partes del juego varias veces, pero al final es gratificante, ya sea porque sus personajes están muy bien escritos o porque su historia es profunda de una forma extrañamente bella. El DLC The Last Chapter es obligatorio, una obra maestra en la escritura de videojuegos, con una banda sonora casi perfect.Lo entiendo. Es difícil. Pero no se puede odiar un juego por ser difícil. No intenta ser una aventura gráfica usual, es otra cosa.Y el juego tiene una dificultad ""fácil""."
,Recommended,274290,13286460,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,I tilt easy pls b nice,"I've spent the past five months obsessing over this game. Ten hours of play turned into hundreds of hours of drawing fanart and writing fanfiction and theorycrafting and headcanoning and picking apart the story. Now I would consume literally anything Deconstructeam puts out.The gameplay itself is so-so. I didn't mind playing the same sequence over and over but I can see how it could get very boring very fast. It's notengagingbut it isengrossing. I spent a lot of time in a later chapter intentionally losing the game to see different permutations of the failstates and death animations and stuff. I imagine I'll eventually shoot to get all the achievements when I want a slightly mind-numbing activity.Story is great on a surface level and even more awesome if you like brainfood type videogame stories and take pleasure in thinking about the who what why and how. But it doesn't push the pretentious indie brainfood at all, you can just enjoy it as a story about a dude in space and be entertained.Also the music and graphics are amazing and veeery mood-setting.One weird complaint I have is that I couldn't upgrade to the collector's edition without rebuying the base game (so I didn't buy it at all :C) but that's a steam thing not a game thing."
,Recommended,274290,25636150,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Dr. Png,This game has one of the best stories I have ever seen.
76561198004104193,Recommended,274290,20838521,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,DENNIS,The story and writing are worth all the frustration ten times over!
,Not Recommended,274290,31888374,Posted: 21 May,all,Emilia,"In the words of John Walker for Rock Paper Shotgun, ""You know that feeling when you can’t tell if it’s just you? Whether you’re the one staring in confusion, while everyone else is cheering? Gods Will Be Watching puts me in that place. I have not enjoyed playing this game at all. I thought I was going to. I’m wondering if others will."""
,Recommended,274290,28807169,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Steve Buscemi,Masterfully unforgiving.
,Not Recommended,274290,32547473,Posted: 18 June,all,Cardboard Dragon,"I don't enjoy watching  characters be tortured in increasingly disgusting ways when there's no particular context and the story seems to be made only of ""shock value,"" rather than an interesting plot. I haven't gotten far so maybe there is an interesting plot, but it should have been set up before the squicky scenes instead of after. I'm not going to sit through a drawn-out torture scene for a story I haven't yet been given a reason to care about."
,Recommended,274290,23659274,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,duartheVader,"Whether you like it or not, you haven't played anything like this before. That's good enough reason to give it a go."
13453567478676969,Recommended,274290,22836656,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,バグ,"Great game but very hard, took me about two hours just to almost beat level one. Very exiting game and definitly would play. :D"
,Not Recommended,274290,11539438,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Marfle-Pop,"I love this game. I love the atmosphere. I love the tension. I love the story, the characters, the writing. I love so much about this game, but I simply cannot recommend this game any more. I love everything about it, but it's so decievingly good that once you get to a certain mission, the game takes all of the things that you love about the game and grinds them against its heel, asking you to play more as this stupid chapter keeps getting more and more tedious and more and more annoying. I would love to recommend this game. Truly, I do. I love it. However, this map makes the game so intolerably annoying that I simply cannot anymore. I love the game, but this mission takes no skill whatsoever, and any application of acquired skill and tactics only makes the stage go on longer with even less results if you're unlucky. I'm sorry, I love this game so very, very much, but this single chapter has taken a once beautiful and amazingly gripping story and changed it into an annoying, boring, chore of an experience."
,Not Recommended,274290,11556024,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Marcusq(chel wuz here),"Dont get me wrong I love devolver they generally make great games, but this one is too random hardly feels like a game. Even the first level is broken to the point of being almost unplayable. You can see it in the guides for this game, the randomly generated aspects make it feel like you only win by chance not through learning patterns or being skilled. Game Trailers did a truly spot on reviewhttp://www.gametrailers.com/reviews/bab5gv/gods-will-be-watching-review. I guess even great game devs miss the mark on occasion."
,Not Recommended,274290,11463250,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Megaman,"Don't buy this game, sure the story's background is nice and promising but the artificial diffuculty turns this game intto a tedious trial and error memorization game, which is frankly not what was advertised."
,Not Recommended,274290,11528741,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,jake,"giving you stupid puzzles with no real objective or any help on how to get the solution at all isnt cool or edgy or unique, it's just stupid. The puzzles are boring, the ""moral choices"" are either A. Shoot in face or B. Don't shoot in face, and the only reason to continue playing is the story if the vague boring prologue gets you interested which it wont..why did i pre-purchase this? should have waited for reviews..."
,Recommended,274290,27005031,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Meowkie,"Man, looking back on this little game now, it still blows my mind to think about it. It speeks on so many different levels on the futility of struggling against the universe, the idea of our universe not mattering in an endless ocean of universes, yet how important each individual universe is to the individual. Is it paradoxical? Powerfully so.This game left me with a powerful impression in a way that is indescribable. It is an experience. I couldn't properly explain it if I wanted to. All I can say, is that all your struggling will pay off at the end as all is explained, and all fits in well. This is one of few games I can think of that uses difficulty as a plot device. It might be rage-inducing, but it's worth it. Every second."
,Recommended,274290,11448013,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,fleur,"I found this game to be intriguing and rewarding, and definitely worth its price. The gameplay mechanics are primarily figuring out how to ideally manage scarce resources (there are no typical point-and-click adventure puzzles to speak of), and the story is integrated wonderfully with these mechanics; it was enough to draw me in and keep me going when the game had very nearly pushed me beyond the edge of despair, and the themes in the narrative often influenced my gameplay decisions. Likewise, my own experience mirrored the protagonist's closely enough that I found myself identifying with him easily, and when I finally triumphed against all odds I felt pretty good about myself.The game requires quite a bit of trial and error - almost no mechanics are explained, and you are almost guaranteed to fail repeatedly. If you're easily discouraged, I would advise you to avoid this. I played this on Original difficulty, so I can't speak towards the experience on easy mode. My biggest gripe with this game is the fifth chapter: unlike every other chapter, it incorporates a big element of luck which compounds the difficulty and renders it into an exercise in frustration. It was enough to nearly make me stop playing, since the RNG could doom you from very early on and it's long enough to make restarting from the beginning (which you WILL do more than once) a giant pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ There is also a memory leak present in that chapter at the time of writing, which really doesn't really help.Beyond that and an abundance of small typos, I can't really fault the game. It was interesting, it looks nice, and I was entirely distracted from the pointlessness of my life for the period of time that I was playing it. Would recommend, 8/10."
76561198040914212,Not Recommended,274290,11431411,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Nichoals,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UOdJkjBJ94Y&feature=youtu.be
,Not Recommended,274290,11548217,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Stripes [Shitposter],"I just want to get it out there that I like Devolvers work normally, But this game really disappointed me. I usually like games where your moral and ethical decisions have a heavy influence on the gameplay. But here its just very tedious and things just happen at random, which makes planning pretty much useless. Get walking dead or the Wolf among us instead Id say"
76561198125904897,Not Recommended,274290,11468906,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Bearsoup,I should have bought game dev tycoon instead...
,Not Recommended,274290,11422846,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Bo Neslek,Don't buy this game.
,Not Recommended,274290,11423111,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Telnik,This game is literally the definition of 'bait and switch'.
,Not Recommended,274290,11458472,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Ponky,"Chapter 2 is a ♥♥♥♥ing nightmare, and you have the gall to make it TWENTY DAMN DAYS? I literally cannot get past it, make some sections skippable for christ sakes. I thought chapter 1 was great! I really did, look at my time on the game, what is it? 0.9 hours? Yeah that's nothing I know, but IT'S ALL ON CHAPTER FRIGGEN 2."
,Not Recommended,274290,11410965,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,ANeonHippy,If you like a good story that takes an hour to beat every ♥♥♥♥ing short chapter then this game is for you.
76561198143199995,Not Recommended,274290,11432989,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Heyohyeah,"I'm sorry to say this, but I was expecting more from GWBW. For some reason I thought there would be multiple outcomes and different storylines depending on the choices you made, but there are very limited ways of reaching one outcome (beat the stage).The game became very annoying by stage 3; is there even a way of beating the game first try? If you're meant to be playing and re-playing each stage multiple times then at least allow the players to skip dialogues. It's unlikely I'll play this game again."
76561198047419315,Not Recommended,274290,11437582,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,timmo4444,"Do yourself a favor and watch gameplay of the first chapter, or find the flash demo. IMO this is not what i'd call a point & click adventure, rather its a time/resource management-survival game which has a point&click-like interface. The game prides itself on frustrating you. Regardless of the difficulty mode you play, expect to lose... the game makes sure of it by including totally random chances for you to just lose. I dont have much to say about the story because i disliked the gameplay style so much I stopped playing and frankly stopped caring about the story. So don't be like me and buy this on a whim. Watch some gameplay."
76561198066827739,Not Recommended,274290,11441863,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Bobby,"6/10 or Lower honestly.It's not a amazing game, seeing the reviews I thought it was just their opinions, but it's everyones. This game is not worth the money. At all. It should be free for all I see. Seeing the trailer it looked amazing, and I pre-ordered it thinking it was going to be good. The only reason I give it a 6/10 is because of the art style. But I'm being biased because I love pixlated art. This game is SO repetitive. Chapter one is meh. Chapter two, don't get me started, it's so stupid it makes it a FTP game online. The dialog is ok, but the acctual gameplay is boring.Do not get this game, unless you only want it for the story or to repeat yourself about 100 times."
76561197967660346,Not Recommended,274290,11410893,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Serenade,I lost interest in about five minutes.  Only game in my library I regret buying.
,Not Recommended,274290,11455498,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,[ヨック] NEXT STAGE,"It's lazy. It's just ♥♥♥♥ing lazy. What a shame. GWBW could have been such a great game, if the devs would have actually cared about their story, their characters and also...about the player.It would have been a great puzzle game, if it wasn't for the freaking RNG. ""Get out of certain situations, by using your brain and solving puzzles."" This would have been it. A great puzzle game. But sometimes you just can't win. In every chapter, randomness comes into play. In chapter 3 for example you have to play for 30 mins straight, before you can even notice that you did something wrong in the whole process. Well, have fun doing everything all over again. All the 30 mins of dialogue. And it's always the same dialogue.It would have been a great rogue-like, if it wasn't for the freaking RNG. In a Rogue-like it is always possible to succeed if your skill-level is high enough. In chaper 5 the game creates a random map that you sometimes can't beat, no matter how hard you try.It would have been a great story-driven Adventure, if the players choices would actually matter. Your friend died because of your choices in the last chapter?! Don't worry, next chapter he's alive again. ""Hi Jack, how's it goin'? Didn't you die in the torture chamber?""Oh well, this game wants to be everything and ends up being less. Always less, no matter what kind of game you expect from watching the trailers. Damn, what a waste. Could have been a great ride, but I can't recommend this game to anyone."
76561198032089179,Not Recommended,274290,11407121,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Big Lincoln,"I must admit, the game I got is not exactly what I was expecting. When I first glimpsed and pre-ordered this, I understood a point and click narrative story with moral choices and consequences like it was an episodic Telltale game. However, what I got is a trial and error puzzle that probably has a really deep story. I couldn't even finish the first level on easy mode. I can see where there are moral choices (shooting your hostages, smacking them around, letting them run off or shooting them down), but that really loses it's effect when you have to do that 10 times in a row because all the hostages died or you do something else game over-worthyI know that Devolver is known for their trial and error games (Hotline Miami, Luftrausers), but this should Not be one of those trial and errors. I think that this game can be so much better if the trial and error part was taken out. This could be a great game with episodic Telltale game-esque choices and consequences and a deep story, but for now the experience is muddled by the trial and error elements that are apparent in several of Devolver's other games.Despite all that, I still like this game and I really hope something is done about this."
,Not Recommended,274290,11410176,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Sam Hatley,"So this game starts off as a thrilling point and click strategy, all about methodical thinking and planning. It's exciting, challenging, and nerve-wracking. It leaves you on the edge of your seat.And then you get to Chapter 5: Legend.At this point the game becomes a horrible, sluggish, and arbitrarily difficult desert roguelike. Why?"
76561198043114698,Recommended,274290,13384334,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Pru_Gen,Gods will be watching has to be one of these games that pushs you against the wall with what you need to do even though you have all the time in the world . you have many choices and decisions to pick from do you save this person or kill them off and it becomes hard at times. I had to put down the keyboard a few times and come back to do the puzzles over again the puzzles are fun and on some levels you feel very  rushed with time. I loved puting pen to paper to find codes so i would not forget you dont do that with many games these days. but with that i highly recommend this game if you like puzzles and choose your own Adventure games .
76561198105627837,Recommended,274290,13144162,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Endangered Spycrab,"Gods will be watching: A game which managed to put me in the fetal position by chapter 2. Telltale-styled choice is half this game (funnily enough without actual long term consequences) 1 quarter puzzle-rage game and 1 quarter narrative. The first half is done exceptionally well, especially when you're forced to make the choice of ""Moral vs survival"" the third quarter...punishing, to say the least, I was forced to crawl down to narrative mode in the second half of the game to even finish it. And finally, the final quarter...*sigh* while the narrative was by no means bad, it was the weakest part of the game, it's not that it doesn't make sense, but it's hampered by the game's short length and the fact that most choices don't travel between chapters, which they really should have. The game puts you in various high stress, high stake situations, for instance *minor spoiler* in the first mission you're placed in a hostage situation, trying to fuel a hacking boost while trying to negotiate with a squad of guards outside, while making sure the hostages don't revolt or try an escape, yes that's a lot harder than it sounds on original mode. You'll often be given the choice of ""Commit atrocity"" and give yourself a better chance of success or ""Don't commit atrocity"" and risk your mission and progress. It's a seriously fun a game, (Sorry about my unproffesionalism, but I forgot to check the price before I started typing) wait for a sale before purchasing this game, it's a bit overpriced. Overall, I reccomend this game, but don't come for a solely narrative experience, come for all the challenge and stress that comes with it."
76561197964170259,Recommended,274290,11596479,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,anstinus,"The randomness of the ""Original"" game mode is really hard core. But the game design, dialogue, sound, and game play is interesting.  The randomness in the first 2 game modes really adds to replayability and fun!"
,Recommended,274290,11627325,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Kommy,"I think this game, is great! I love it even though it is hard. There is a fatal error in Chapter 7 Original Light mode that is stopping me from completing the game but still... I love it!"
,Recommended,274290,11735648,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Real KCT,"There's a lot of misconceptions regarding this game. Rather than a point & click adventure, it plays as more a time & resource management simulator crossed with a puzzle gamealongsidea running narrative. This means that while there's only really 6 puzzles to solve in the entire game each one will take you upwards of 2-3 hours to solve (on normal difficulty).The game is rather difficult, but mostly fair. The reason it gets a lot of poor user reviews is that there's no solid 'solution' to each puzzle as each level has various RNG elements. This means you have to judge each playthrough by yourself rather than following along a gamefaq. Seemingly a lot of people can't deal with that, so they added in a mode which eliminates the RNG factor completely (but also diminishes the actual game part).The presentation & soundtrack are fantastic, though there are several grammatical & spelling issues which I presume is due to it being made by a latino team (as the credits seem to be in Spanish or Portugese). The story while interesting takes a bit of a bizarre, philosophical almost mystical turn near the end. In my opinion, it doesn't answer a lot of questions thrown up earlier in the game & it would have been more fun if the protagonist Sgt. Burden was just a soilder with a talent for surviving the impossible rather than a hinted at deity type figure.This criticism aside, it's a very unique game, I enjoyed my time with it & providing you're not expecting a genre of game that it isn't trying to be. If you're open minded about trying new game experiences out, this is well worth the money!"
76561198084230494,Recommended,274290,12100707,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Count Chocula,"Gods Will Be Watching is an outstanding game, it feels like reading through an exciting sci-fi book. You have to carefully study the consequences of your actions, given the limited time and resources in each challenging scenario. The music is great and helps create the right mood, the graphics are as simple as they are beautiful, and all the characters bring something to the table. Overall a good, refreshing gaming experience, I would only recommend playing it in the ""easy"" difficulty, which should be renamed into ""normal""!"
,Recommended,274290,11455638,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,OB,Extended playtime may result in extreme depression. Especially if you let the dog die.
76561198124737407,Recommended,274290,11812256,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Completely Unrelated Picture,A fun point and click thriller with a great and inventive story. Hard though. Very hard.
76561198121950315,Recommended,274290,13080388,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,[SIN]MangakingLDR,""" 10/10 Amazing!! A great point and click surival game for the clever minds and garanteed to give you endless amounts of fun!! See how long you can survive... It is truly a survival of the fittest! """
,Recommended,274290,13876931,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,systemchalk,"This game isn't for everyone for sure. It takes a point and click adventure and boils it down to its very essence and then introduced more failure (alternatively, say 'small adventure game with a heavy resource management component' either one should give you an idea). The mechanics are quite simple, but the game is tough as nails.It's not perfect, and I can understand a lot of the complaints that people have, but I really loved playing this game, and I thought it had a hell of an ending. I streamed it, and so I felt a bit corny reading some of the dialogue, but that aside I found the story quite engaging. I also loved how the developer integrated the fact you're likely to behave in an 'unrealistic' (ie. overly risky) fashion into the story itself.Don't try it if you won't enjoy something simple, and please don't cheat yourself out of the satisfaction of beating it on the classic mode. Provided you have the patience and interest in doing these two things, I give this game a strong recommendation, and find it well deserving of much more than the 'mixed' review it currently gets."
,Not Recommended,274290,16065256,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Lenimph,"Despite the interesting story line I will not be suckered into thinking that pure trail and error is game play, because it is not.   I say if you must pick it up on sale, save yourself the hassle and just play it in story mode.Oh and your choices don't matter in any significant way either, so don't go in expecting that."
,Recommended,274290,16213202,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Psykarp,"By far the best game I've ever played. This game melted my brain, and with the addition of the DLC, sucked all of the brain juice up and spat it in my face. Not sure whether that's a good thing or a bad thing, but I love it.After thinking about this game for a long time: DON'T buy this game if you are looking for a traditionally fun game. DON'T buy this game if you only look at the gameplay elements, because I will admit, they are a bit repetitive. DON'T buy this game if you are not prepared to be challenged,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off, and occasionally ragequit and restart on an easier setting. DO buy this game if you can understand, appreciate, and love a depressing story of a man who just can't catch a break.Best game in my library, and I have Undertale, Thomas was Alone, The Stanley Parable, and The Beginner's Guide in my library."
,Recommended,274290,13085941,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Cœur de Griffin,Since I have not gotten past the first level 10/10
,Recommended,274290,12214572,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,exoplasm,"Worth a play, but not as awesome as I expected it to be based on previews. The desert section is extremely frustrating.Story is interesting if you piece it together (I had a nice ""ah ha!"" moment while playing)."
,Not Recommended,274290,19054193,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Iron-Ox,"I expected a game which choices matter,I expected something fun but what I got was a challenging management chore of a game instead.I had to push myself to play this but in the end I just cant continue."
76561198047024039,Recommended,274290,12941126,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,ROLANDofGILEAD,Near greatness but falls short.
76561198073305010,Recommended,274290,12917106,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Yukiyu,"Beautiful game! At times it can be very frustrating but when you clear the stage its worth it. Loved the story and the animations. It definitely is not for everyone, its one of those games that you either love or hate."
,Recommended,274290,12854192,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Carnid,"This is by far one of the best games I have played. Extremely involving storyline and while the difficulty is staggering in ""original mode"", it is extremely gratifying. The immersion and intensity of the story makes me want more and more. The game is broken down into 7 chapters which are all games in themselves where you are stuck in an extreme situation with limited resources, and have to make choices, HARD choices."
76561198013355147,Recommended,274290,12891204,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Dryunya,"There's not much I can say that wasn't said already.Very tense. Very unforgiving. But no matter how severe your losses are, you can probably still pull through, if you keep your cool - that's why you're in charge.Except for chapter 2. Seriously, it's a ♥♥♥♥♥.I didn't like the interface at times, found it clunky.Not much else.Now go and buy it."
,Recommended,274290,16091400,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,MaxOfS2D,"This isn't a point-and-click. It's a narratively-driven resource/risk management game with a text interface. But the gameplay isn't the most interesting part of it. It has a pretty enigmatic story that's heavy at first, everything is kinda confusing and doesn't seem to make much sense (like a character dying, but then still talking in cutscenes)... but if you keep going, everything clears up. It's meta, but not like ""The Stanley Parable"" is. It doesn't feel stale, already-explored, or cliché.The presentation relies on pixel art. It's not very interesting, but it's not too bad either. I think it fits the kind of story and the characters that are being told. Some graphics and most notably the text did not upscale properly on my 1440p screen, creating a pixelated blurry effect that was annoying. The soundtrack has a couple of pretty good moments. Once again, nothing exceptional, but nothing bad either.The game is heavy on luck, and very punishing. I would recommend you DON'T play on the ""original"" difficulty. I personally went through ""Original Light"", which is still pretty frustrating at times. The game is also pretty repetitive, but it's kind of intended (if you finish it all the way through, you'll figure out why). Something I liked, however, was one puzzle that got me down for writing combinations of letters on a notepad to figure out the right one. It made me feel a little bit like the researcher that was looking for the code.The additional epilogue that was recently released adds a ton of backstory and context to the plot of the game and it lifts the whole experience up. It's really good.If I had to give an arbitrary rating to this game, it'd be 7/10. It has a few flaws, but if you're tolerant enough to look past some design flaws, if you like games that try to break the mold, and if you like a narrative-heavy story that does not feel overwhelming (unlike some games that throw 300 codex entries at you), I definitely recommend you give Gods Will Be Watching a go."
76561197998101664,Recommended,274290,12046851,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Drakhorn,"Absolutely wonderful, challenging, deliciously ""nintendohard"".Must have if you enjoyed good old adventure games!"
,Recommended,274290,13801467,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Kristinnng - Bernie Sanders 2020,One of the best game I've  played in a long time. The storyline is great and its also really fun to play. It's a great price as well.
,Recommended,274290,14371566,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,dallo,"Overall, I think this is a brilliant game so far. Having to choose the life or death of a character to save the team, or having to sacrafice another person's life to save your own really makes for a game about moral decisions. At some points I felt the need to quit the game because I knew that if I ran out of firewood and food at the same time, or failed to fulfill my duty, someone would be killed, or die. Although this is a good game with plenty of decisions that will bear weight on you in the end, this game has many scenarios where there isn't really a right or correct answer, leaving a character dead or injured, this can be frustrating at times.Overall, if you want a point and click game that isn't so much about puzzles, but decision making, this is one of those games."
,Not Recommended,274290,12677699,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Linna,"As interesting and stylish as it may be, it ultimately falls short due to how heavily RNG-based it is and poor checkpoints. Even playing narrative mode feels like something of a waste of time.Super close to being a very good game, just ultimately falls short in a very disappointing manner."
,Not Recommended,274290,12986436,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,sooouuur,"Well, after binge playing it for 4 hours on the day it came out I forgot this game existed. It's an okay game with fairly cool mechanics, but after hearing the same three lines that the developers put in for each character for the fiftyith time replaying the same level because of it's bone crushingly ""difficult"" time management puzzles it gets a little stale. Oh, and also the ""difficult"" parts don't even rely on how good you are at the game; it's just pure RNG. Tried to start it up today and took about 5 minutes; when it finally did start the language was reset to Portugese(I think) and I couldn't adjust the options because of this. Buggy as hell and made every other program on my computer stop responding while starting it up. Please stay away from this game -- it will just disappoint you."
,Not Recommended,274290,13722304,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Curdle_Sanders,"Got the game because I heard about it's ""tough choices"" approach and wanted to explore that. I quickly realized it's a game of resource management. The story kept me somewhat involved, until a random event caused me to lose and replay a big section... No thanks.  If there was an occassion save feature I would have kept with it.  If you are looking for a game that explores making tough decsions when there is no ""good"" answer, play Walking Dead Or Wolf Among Us from TellTale."
,Not Recommended,274290,18831453,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Binary_Fireball,"Gameplay is repetitive and tedious, especially with an evil RNG. The story is meh."
,Not Recommended,274290,11759082,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Benjg,"TL;DR As a story, it's okay. As a game, it's terrible.Despite the recent mocking update I did play through the game on the original difficulty. As far as I can tell the reason the developers want that mode to be played is to emphasize the hopelessness of each of the situations, they want you to be able to just barely win, to not keep everyone alive, to force you to make hard choices.  The problem I had is the lack of impact on gameplay all of this had. With the first preview picture as an example. If I kill Donald at the campfire, I want that to have some sort of consequence on the missions I play afterwards, not just the story cutscenes.The game feels like the developers wrote a story, but they weren't able to evoke any emotion with the reader so they made it into a crappy game that punishes you with trial&error and RNG."
76561198029904609,Not Recommended,274290,14731243,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,bear_storm,"A brutal, unflinching existentialist narrative hidden behind an awful game design misstep.Gods was built in such a way that you can be clever and play perfectly and still lose most of the way through a scenario. And after a fairly engaging first level, the game slams this home on you in the second.Punishing random chance is the bread and butter of Gods, even in the so-called narrative mode that's supposed to make for an accessible, easy-to-play story.Think you're doing well? Have an instadeath that you can't respond to at the start of a scene, simply because the RNG doesn't like you.Masocore games where you have to savescum your way to victory are fine, but at least they understand that it shouldn't take you twenty minutes every time you do it.Do yourself a favor. If you're even remotely interested in Gods, youtube it. The concepts and the art and a lot of the mechanical design are really good, but actually playing the game is a miserable, nail-biting timesuck."
,Not Recommended,274290,18271081,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Skeleton Sam,"It wasn't very good, honestly. Stale is the best way to describe it."
76561197960391323,Recommended,274290,13815091,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,ephemeral,"The Metacritic score for this game is extremely misleading and may cause some users to miss out on what is perhaps the most visceral game I have played this year.Learning to appreciate Gods Will Be Watching means overcoming some barriers.  The first such barrier will inevitably be the graphics.  For someone such as myself who was raised on sprite based games this retro graphic style is part of the allure but I know for others (such as my child) the gut reaction is ""the graphics of that game suck!""  What you, the skeptical buyer needs to understand is that the graphics of this game are an aestetic and artistic choice.  Yes, this game could easily have been created utilizing modern 3d graphics and it probably would have still been fun.  The graphic style complements the entire game themetic:  do more with less.  The entire game you struggle to do as much as you can with extremely limited resources.  This theme can be read as the theme of the game in general, the game designers endeavoured to accomplish as much as they could with as little as possible.  We will return to this argument later.Related to this first barrier is the second obstacle the player must overcome:  one of the most steep and unforgiving learning curves of any game I have played in perhaps a decade.  In a way this difficulty is appropriating the difficulty of older sprite based games before the invention of quicksaves and quickloads.  Not all of the complaints of the difficulty are without merit though.  I found the pacing of this difficulty somewhat random.  Instead of starting off difficult and ending up super difficult, near impossible levels are followed by relative walks-in-the-parks.  I think some better planning in this regard by the developers could have lead to a better recepection of the game.  That said,  I think the difficulty  of the game, like the sprite-based graphics is an artistic choice.   Ostensibly it is a love-letter to mind-blowingly difficult rogue-like games of yesteryear.  It is important to understand though that the difficulty of the game is supposed to be a mirror of the morally difficult situations you find yourself in in each level.  The threat of making a bad decision is made more visceral when you understand that you may be very close to having wasted nearly an hour of your time for nothing.If, you are willing to perservere past these barriers, an extremely rich and rewarding experience awaits.  The game draws inspiration from such varied sources as Quentin Tarantino's Reservoir Dogs, the film Edge of Tomorrow, The Dark Tower series, as well as the entire encyclopedia of Science-Fiction tropes.  The two things this game does better than many others out there is tension and meta-gaming comentary.I'll try to keep this spoiler free but I must give kudos to the developers for showing how flat sprites can build tension.  In one level a torturer decides which device he is going to use that day.  His blocky sprite hands moves slowly from potential weapon to potential weapon and though you cannot really make out anything, you can envision it.  Even the way he slowly takes a sprite based drag from his sprite based cigarette builds a whole much greater than its constituent parts.  Ultimately, this game wags a shaming finger at AAA games who have access to million dollar CGI video and high end 3d graphics but who produce products empty and soul-less.As I mentioned before this game seems to be speaking not only to its industry but to those who consume it.  The main characters name is ""Burden"" connoting not only his in-game responsibility but also how he functions as a work-horse for you, the player.  The character of Burden slowly becomes aware that there is something awry in his decision making process and that problem is *you*, the player.  The titular ""watching gods"" are not some fictional deities, but you, the player meddling and interferring in the gaming world.  The game asks the player to not be a detached meddling god but to invest in the characters emotionally.  The game provides a compelling world (via excellent sound, story, and yes, graphics) and asks you to simply try.And based upon the metacritic score, many players seem unwilling to do so.  They would rather quickload up their quicksave and blow the heads off of people wearing turbans and then teabag them with special American flag boxers they purchased as a DLC.  The developers of this game have recognized a sort of illness in this industry and like Burden and his cohorts have attempted to make a remedy for it.  Ultimately, the choice of whether to take that cure (and purchase this game) is yours.Choose wisely."
76561198005391493,Not Recommended,274290,16233461,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,AzoMittle,"I have over 6 hours played on this game and I have yet to even come close to having any success with the first level, a tutorial more  or less. The game relies ENTIRELY on random chance and you can lose before even having a chance to make a decision. The game is worthless, do not waste your money."
,Recommended,274290,24587058,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Cyan,"I don't really know why everyone in the reviews seems to find this game so hard, it didn't seem that way to me but whatever to each his own I guess. The only level that really frustrated me was the desert one because of the RNG but the rest I basically finished in the first few tries without looking up any walkthroughs. Fantastic story, beautiful pixelated environment, interesting characters and unique gameplay. For me it was a solid 9/10."
,Not Recommended,274290,14392482,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,bread,The gameplay essentially involves managing a bunch of numbers that are only conveyed to you through vague character animations. There is a thin layer of point & click over this but you rarely need to actually move your character; it feels more like a big menu than a game. It's a shame because the story seems interesting and the art and style are fantastic-it just isn't fun to play.
,Not Recommended,274290,11855893,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,[GL]daGnome,"This is one of the most frustrating game I've ever played.I liked how there aren't one single strategy to solve everything.  But in return, some of the puzzles have chance element involved.  One of them will instant kill you in 1/7 chances.... nothing you could do about that.The game contains about 6 screens... so I guess they have to make each scenes as difficult as possible.I'd admit that I could only beat it in ""easy"" mode which they just added to the game after way too many complaints I guess.  But after I beat it, the ending and overall story feel so ""Lame""... I'm glad I didn't try to beat it in normal.The only thing I liked is couple of music tracks are great.... other than that... very disappointed..."
,Not Recommended,274290,11501388,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,PYROMANT|C,"Gods Will Be Watching is a game I really wanted to like as it had all the makings of other titles in the genre that I had considered good. The simplistic presentation and story with a some level of depth to it, coupled with the ability to craft your own narrative above that, has great potential. However the Rougelike elements destroyed any hopes of that happening, trapping the story behind too many RNG determined gates forcing the player to spend hours redoing content in order to get to the next chapter. I’m sure there will be many people who say I didn’t get the point of it or some other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t but the simple fact is that Gods Will Be Watching failed to provide the writer with a good game experience, hiding its moments of brilliance behind mechanics that are simply not fun to play.Read my full review here:http://www.therefinedgeek.com.au/index.php/2014/08/01/gods-will-be-watching-rngesus-is-a-cruel-god/"
76561198073092564,Not Recommended,274290,13679250,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Ardrow,"Brutal difficulty stops being challenging if it rests on arbitrary unfairness.Engrossing stories stop being interesting if you have to play through them over and over and over again.Wonderfully presented, woefully designed - avoid this game."
76561197982193835,Not Recommended,274290,13681254,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,bloodyrave,"An intriguing story with an interesting narrative and presentation weighed down by a game that is literally all challange and zero fun.  This isn't a game, it's a visual novel tied to random number generator that kills you 9 times out of 10... I don't know what the developers of this thing consider fun, but it's not this.  You will probably not like this experience.  You may like the other stuff Devolver has published as well as most everything else that comes out of the indie game scene but you will probably not like this.  If I paid full price for this, honestly- I'd be a little♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off."
76561198006330972,Recommended,274290,11442268,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Skurkanas,"Let's get this out of the way; this game is hard. Too hard, maybe, to the point that even on easy there are times when you feel like getting ahead is equal parts RNG luck and good planning on your part.So if you cannot handle frustration, prefer your adventures to be relaxing or want games to be 100% ""fair"", this one's not for you.However, if you can tolerate this, you will be rewarded with a very unusual gaming experience, the likes of which I have rarely, if ever played. To me, it is one of those games that tries to redefine what gaming can be, by leaving the tried & true concepts behind.This game tries to force you out of your comfort zone by breaking a few conventions we take for granted- there is no ""perfect"" path- there is no ""right"" way to do things- life isn't fair, and sometimes you're just out of luck, despite your best efforts.Sometimes, tipping the odds in your favor and hope is all you can doSo the point where most games end (in a reload), is where Gods will be watching starts: When things are out of your control, can you still pull through, and live with the consequences?In that, it blurs the line between gaming and real life and I like that, but I can also see why many people don`tAs with most experiments, the mixture isn't perfect right away, and the game could have done with just a little less frustration, but truly tough decisions, a surprisingly rich story, given the games minimalist design, and a thought provoking ending far outshone that problem in my books.9 bucks well spent ;)"
,Recommended,274290,11609357,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,ItsMrBeard,"Holy hell is this game hard. But hey, if you've played the original game-jam version, then you'll know what to expect. And man, it does not disappoint. It keeps the game challenging without making the gameplay feel repetitious. The music and art is spectacular. I heartily recommend getting this game."
,Recommended,274290,11610724,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,rybo,All of the negative reviews I read made me want to play this more.  I did so and loved it.
,Not Recommended,274290,16225285,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Weisskaiser,"The Steam page description is nothing but lies. The description makes this sound like a dark point and click adventure. It's not. It's a nonsensical puzzle game that relies on not explaining mechanics to you (you can't solve the puzzle if you don't even have the pieces; They claim that this is by purpose, to give you a ""challenge"") , a few leaps of contrived logic and a bucketload of RANDOM CHANCE (yes, RANDOM CHANCE, in a PUZZLE GAME). It's ""innovative"" in the sense that nobody has done anything like it before: The reason being that it's obviously BLOODY STUPID.What you get: Bad game design that wants you to do specific things without giving you any idea as to what you have to do with random variables thrown in, so that the only way to clear anything is by retrying over and over again, passed off as ""difficulty"" even though no skill at all is involved; Supposed heavy emphasis on the morale choices you have to make, with the lies on the Steam page description going on about ""moral dilemmas"" and ""burden the consequences of your choices"", except that your choices DO NOT MATTER AT ALL (got someone killed or hell, killed them yourself? They'll show up in the next chapter totally fine anyway. THERE ARE NO CONSEQUENCES OR DILEMMAS TO ANY OF YOUR CHOICES.); And a mediocre, boring plot that despite being so uninspired somehow manages to be so pretentious you can practically feel the creators of the game wanking at you while chanting ""look at me I'm so clever"" over and over again.I'd say I want my money back, but that wouldn't be enough. I want compensation for the time this garbage stole from my life.Do not buy this game."
,Recommended,274290,18747000,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Vargh-,This game hates you so ♥♥♥♥ing much you will suffer every single walkthrough10/10
76561197962277317,Not Recommended,274290,11446411,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,power,"NOT an adventure.The term point and click is used in concert with a specific style of gameplay - this game is not a point and click adventure, which tbh means that the description is very misleading.  It's like when Hidden Object Games label themselves Adventures they are NOT as this is NOT.3/10 - hated it"
,Recommended,274290,24119294,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,RUNNING IN THE NINETIES,"This game... Ughhhh... This game...I just finished the game and the extra chapter and let me tell you... The story is so ♥♥♥♥ing complicated, that even after playing through it one more time. I still don't understand wtf is going on. ""The Last Chapter"" (so is the free dlc called) helps uncovers some more story behind the main character Sgt. Burden and I would even compare the depht of the story to other devolver digital title ""Hotline Miami"", they both have a story that when finished makes you cofused as hell and realised that you did all of what you did, for nothing basically. This game more leans for existential crisis, thinking of how little you mean in the vast universe.So now to the gameplay and holy $hit this game is hard on the original difficulty. I being a dude that always picks ""normal"" when it comes to game difficulty, am a stubborn ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and learn to adapt to the game in order to win, but this game has bested me and I had to lower the difficulty of it, just to barely manage beating it. Now if you hate the RNG this game also has a ""puzzle"" mode that bypasses as much of rng as possible, to provide you with a more of a puzzle rather than strategy feel. But it ain't just a generic point & click, but rather more of a strategy game on original mode having you manage various resources and people, trying to ensure your survival (in this game most of the people are expendable)So if you enjoy games that are harder than balls of steel, then this game is for you, just pick a mode that suits you and roll. Also if you're a story type of guy (like me) then this game is also for you, since they even have a ""narrative"" mode that is like COD and let's you skim through the challenges with ease (It took me ~1hr to beat the game on narrative mode after beating it on original light which took me ~5hrs and a wish to kill myself from all the tries.)"
,Recommended,274290,23123906,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Wooxas,♥♥♥♥ing very good game!!!
76561198036561843,Not Recommended,274290,29553815,Posted: 28 January,all,Owlflame,"""good time"" isn't a phrase that comes to mind.I get failing a lot, but you never learn anything about your failures because half of them are for things that aren't your fault. Like the hostages being sporadic in nature.If level two isn't a hostage situation, can someone tell me? Because the hostage situation is♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198029383047,Recommended,274290,24815982,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Glembovski,"It's pretty cool, I guess."
,Recommended,274290,11438207,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,h0rst aber herzlich,"At first, i failed. After that, i failed again. And finally ... i got shot!10/10Will die again! (Chapter 4 right now)"
76561198034147663,Not Recommended,274290,32489956,Posted: 16 June,all,SIC,"Not a take your time point and click adventure game to complete in an afternoon.First scenario is heavily a time-based puzzle game with pixel characters. I'm guessing the rest of the game is exactly the same, a collection of (unrelated) scenarios that offer time-sensitive puzzles for the player to solve.Not what I thought I was paying for. Period."
,Not Recommended,274290,14604062,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,megamelfina,"I was very excited when I saw this game, but it's not really what it looks like. Rather than being a dark point & click adventure with an engaging story, it's more of a challenging, brutal puzzle-ish game that tests your patience and skills. Which is fine for some, except it wasn't marketed as such. The story is seriously lacking, and the game is very short. Nothing is really explained through the few chapters, leaving you wanting more. Furthermore, game play is super-repetitive and boring, and without any other endings, extra, etc., there's just no point at going back for more torture. Unfortunately, this game really missed the mark - focusing solely on its difficult gameplay rather than the heart of the game, which looks like it was meant to be the moral decisions and apocalyptic storytelling."
,Not Recommended,274290,11448291,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Mr. Jackpots,"This game had me hook line and sinker with the trailer. How disappointing to find out it was not as advertised. Too much trial and error, which takes away from the story aspect of it. I'd suggest finding a youtube playthrough to avoid all the frustration, and save some money."
76561198044504740,Not Recommended,274290,11458984,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Statera,this game looked fun it said that it your choices can change everything when i see that shows that i can mess up and still finish WELL THANKS FOR THE ♥♥♥♥ING LIE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S. o yes theirs choices but if someone dies in chapter 2 guess what if its not scripted you have to start all the way over that lieing to my face about choices..theirs not even choices really its hey you get to do 4 actions over and over and if you dont do it the right way well you get to restart all over again. dont tell us its a new game WHEN ITS ♥♥♥♥ING LIKE EVERY OTHER PUZZLE PIXEL GAME
,Not Recommended,274290,11449892,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,𝒜𝓇𝓂𝒶𝓁ℴℊ,"This game isn't hard, just stupid and illogical. So timewasting and repetative I did'nt even fininsh, I ♥♥♥♥ing finished lifeless planet turd of a game.."
76561198025379825,Recommended,274290,11555948,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,ajguarisco,"9/10The soundtrack was amazingly composedThe brutally difficult gameplay always made me wanna come back and beat the levels individually, then go back and take on some of the challenges (hopefully I will be able to complete more later)The story itself is interesting, and where it may feel a bit confusing or uninteresting at points, it makes up for it with the game making you feel something with the story segments thrown in the gameplay (and by the very end I was incredibly pleased with how they tied the gameplay into the story, kind of like Zero Escape: Virtue's Last Reward). The characters were interesting and I genuinely was doing my best to save them all (even Abraham even though after a while that seemed impossible).The art style is minimalistic with pixels, and yet somehow it still has a lot of impact. I was impressed at how some character deaths albeit being very pixelated were incredibly brutal (just goes to show you what a good developer can do with good graphical design)Overall I would recommend this to a friend or anyone who really enjoys the point and click genre with a difficult twist reminiscent of Hotline Miami.It was a very enjoyable experience and I look forward to more of the developer's games in the future.(Note:Even though you can enjoy the story on easy difficulty, I find that the story segments seem a lot more rewarding and the overall experience more satisfying on classic difficulty. Don't pan the game on it's difficulty being too hard for you, it's designed for trial and error. Like most things, the more you work at it the better you get.)"
,Recommended,274290,11514890,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,I'm A Barefoot Cop,Space induced aneursym-management sim that made my heart implode from the angsty sci-fi trip the game took me on.  Multiple papers and tissues were written on to ensure chapters were completed.  Game is not for the faint of heart and light flashing sequences made my booty bounce 10/10
76561197982882308,Not Recommended,274290,13624383,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,[BND] in4m8ion,"This is some of the WORST gameplay design I have ever encountered.When you reach chapter four you are bascially asked to repeatedly roll a D20 and if its not a 1, RESTART THE WHOLE CHAPTER! All of the cutscenes of which are UNSKIPPABLE!The story is fairly intriguing and the art is fasinating, but the simple minded dice roll ideal of 'gameplay' is so insulting you will actually ask if the game designers WANT you to play it! It seems like they actually want you to stop, want you to hate it!Demons souls, Dark Souls, Lords of the Fallen, Rouge Legacy, Spelunky, these games are harsh and always put you up to the wall but when you loose you feel like it was on you, and when you win its incredibly satisfying. With this 'game' (which I am hesitent to call it as its more like a read your own adventure book, but instead of being able to just 'loose' the book and reselect by going back to the choice page, its more like someone burning the book, renumbering every page, and then telling you to re-read untill you get back to that spot again) when you win, you dont even know why or how, and when you lose and get to start over its litterally because you KNOW the game screwed you because it CAN!Skip this game, just read a plot synopsis, because the story seems very interesting, if it wasn't for what these jokers belive is ""inovative game design"" it would easily be a great buy."
76561198137562861,Recommended,274290,11535921,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Nyskho,"There has been a lot of flak received on this game, but for those of you who are interested, yes this is a point and click game, and yes you will fail alot at what seems to be an unfair system.you actually have to figure out the mechanics of each scene to succeed, you have to notice patterns and work with said patterns.The game is beautiful and ive personally payed for the collectors edition, which to me, the soundtrack alone was worth the extra 10$ but it also came with an awesome artbook and a nice little prologue comic of decent length ( in regards to the length of the game)the real beauty of this game is how everything ties into the story, and how everything comes together in the end. its worth perservering and the game is indeed possible. ( ive finished it in original mode )People just cant seem to appreciate the intricacy of the story, and how well its played out with the minimalist medium, using your imagination to conjure up just how horrible the scenarios are in this game. i cant praise it enough, and i can see that its either love it or hate it, but i encourage anyone who enjoys a good story and has a single iota of patience and love for cryptic puzzle-like gameplay, to buy this game.this game has hit a home run for me, and its up among my favorites,"
76561198024218344,Not Recommended,274290,22837008,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Gaming Raz,"Okay, this is how it is......Gods Will Be Watching is about six characters that go through 7 different point and click scenarios. You must figure out who should do what, where when and how to advance into the next chapter. If you make the wrong choices GAME OVER and start again. Sounds interesting, so I gave it a shot and this is what happens....FOR TWO FREAKING HOURS I COULD NOT GET PASSED THE FIRST CHAPTER!!!You're suppose to hack a computer while holding back the security gaurds WHILE keeping 4 hostages from panicing and you either end up killing them or they run off and you lose all our hostages AND that's when the security gaurds will lob in a concussion grenade at you and its GAME OVER!!!So I tried one combination, then another and another and another and another AND ANOTHER AND I STILL CAN'T GET PASSED THE FIRST CHAPTER! OKAY, OKAY I'LL LOOK AT A WALKTHOUGH!!!When I looked in to a Gods Will Be Watching walkthrough, it turns out the combination of right clicks is nothing more THAN A FREAKING LOOP OF 4 COMMANDS! Doing the same thing over and over and over until finally getting the hack....... AND THATS IT!!!!!Okay, so I moved on to the 2nd chapter and it's not some complex combination of point and clicks........ IT'S ANOTHER LOOP JUST TWO COMMANDS!!! JUST TWO!!! TWO FREAKING COMMANDS!!!!Are there any gripes in Gods Will Be Watching?....... YEAH THE WHOLE FLIPPING GAME IS A GRIPE!!!In closing I would like NOT RECOMMEND this game. Is it because it's that bad?NO! BECAUSE GODS Will Be WATCHING IS THAT BRUTAL!!!!!I'll still play it from time to time and Guaranteed I am yelling at the game.Sheesh"
,Not Recommended,274290,12636607,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,13cm of Fried Donut,"Shortly, the graphic & theme are interesting(personally, I love the art direction), but the game itself was not I expected.The trailer made me expect too much, and the game doesn't contain enough reasons why I bought the game. I played several times to understand actual adventages/panelties on each of my decisions, but I was not able to get enough knowledge whenever I saw the gameover screen, and angry to do the chapter again from the beginning. (Although you've almost completed the chapter for 30 mins with deep considerations and failed, sigh, you should start from the beginning of the chapter)"
76561198026977170,Recommended,274290,26091354,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,fredichak,8/10
76561198082399466,Not Recommended,274290,11463137,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Sir Sapphire,Just don't waste your money on this... It's stupidly hard and it needs some ♥♥♥♥ing checkpoints!!
76561198066711220,Not Recommended,274290,11465556,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Cakeman217,"This game has a cool concept. Yet as I play the first level and repeatly fail (to which I understand and respect the difficulty) the game shapes into something that is just not fun to play. I've tried every combination of tactics and it becomes clear within five minutes that the same failed outcome will occur. Yes, make your games hard, that is a must. But don't make them unplayable to people by having the game repeat itself because of failure over and over."
76561198068898321,Not Recommended,274290,24300772,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,jarballo490,Bad interface and obtuse goals. Doesnt explain what to do then punishes you for it. Looks interesting but falls flat in all honesty
76561198133388057,Not Recommended,274290,11405210,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,[aCe]Sonata,more like a puzzle than moral choices etc.feel scammed/lied to..
76561198049952722,Recommended,274290,11962682,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Agent Orwell,Gods Will Be Watching! A point and click thriller about a man doing what needs to be done to complete his mission. It chilled me to the bone when I had only two in game hours to make a cure to a virus and had to use a lethal test cure on one of my men. Only for him to survive and have the cure found. The music and art are great and the small cast of characters that you feel for and have you feeling a sense of lose when you get one of killed!It's seven chapters of non-stop tough choices.9/10
,Recommended,274290,11942248,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,JBourne37,"I can't recommend this hard enough.  Such a unique, interesting game.  It strikes this really great balance between strategy and adventure elements.  I want to call it an adventure game, but in a way it feels similar to a turn-based strategy deal.  Doing well feels very satisfying, since it relies on smart decisions and proper time management.My only issue has been the revival of characters you lose in chapters.  No matter how many people die, they always seem to still be around for the next chapter.  I can understand why they did it this way, but I would like to see my mistakes have more permanent consequences."
76561198028086019,Not Recommended,274290,17347815,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,zais,"Didnt keep me interested enough to continue playing.Would rate it as 'neutral', but there is no such option."
,Not Recommended,274290,11424326,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Red Son,"Should have called this :""Random-number-generator Will Be Watching""One of the few titles I've pre-ordered, and was looking forward to, turned out to be a misleading piece of broken and unfair game mechanics, baked around a compelling and interesting story. Too bad I'd rather watch someone play it instead.Dont buy this, unless they patch it later."
76561197982530266,Not Recommended,274290,11462627,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Jimmy James,"Not what I was expecting. Basically you juggle resources through choices, trying to keep things (like prisoner unrest, or your health) at a certain level before they get too high or low. You will fail often, and the amount that you are required to replay entire scenes is maddening.The game looks great but is simply not much of a game. Usually I'd say wait for a big sale, but don't even bother."
,Not Recommended,274290,18502176,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,mBeacham,"Most good games start out by teaching you the mechanics of the game, and easing you into it in the beginning, to prepare you for all the challenges to come.This game does not do that. It drops you into a scenario and makes no attempt at all to explain to you what sort of game you are playing, or how you're supposed to play it.The game seems to revel in gleeful delight at how difficult it's going to be, before you start. Pre-emting an excuse for lazy and poor game design does not mitigate its effects.It's a shame, because this game looks like it might be interesting. If only it wasn't so tedious."
,Recommended,274290,11419444,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Captain SwellHell,The get ♥♥♥♥ed simulator
76561198042414463,Recommended,274290,14485693,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,.Koлін,"I shot my only doctor to use him for food, then shortly died from illness, cuz there was no doctor to make medicine12/10 would cannibalize doctor again."
,Recommended,274290,22820630,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Spookytown,More stressfull than high school. 10/10
,Recommended,274290,21495222,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Fox,Am I the only one with a boner during the torture sences?
76561198019048221,Not Recommended,274290,11491815,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Trashley,"Gods Will Be Watching got me excited ever since I played the original Ludum Dare entry. The artstyle, story, and concept seemed fantastic. The gameplay of the original was simplistic but thought out. However, with the game out and me having played it, I think I was expecting something a bit different than what I got.The gameplay, at it's core, is resource and time management. In many of the 7 scenarios you will be given a time limit and you will be given a goal to acheive within that limit. You will need to make sure certain things happen. When things start to go bad they will go absolutely♥♥♥♥♥♥up.  Trial and error will inevitably happen. Hell, the final fight is one long trial and error sequence. You will die and replay the same scenario, skipping the same dialogue over and over. It'll feel more like dark souls than a puzzle game with all the death occuring both to you and around you.Other reviewers hate the fact that the game is too hard, but don't want to turn it down to easy for some reason. It's a bit like FTL, in which Easy is considered a regular difficulty and Normal is considered a harder difficulty. In the Original difficulty, you are forced to survive by the skin of your teeth, making sacrifices and probably regretting what you've done That's what the game is supposed to make you feel. Dread and despair.I feel like everyone, including myself, went into this game hoping it would be more of a narrative experience, something akin to The Wolf Among Us. However, this was just not the case, and people got too hyped. Choices don't have much impact at all in the whole scheme of things, and the game is too short to even really be able to reflect any previous decisions, at least not for very long.I love this game's artstyle, music, plot, characters, and dialogue, and I like the universe it takes place in. But when it comes to actually playing the game, it's just a series of puzzle-like scenarios that need solving. And even then, less puzzle solving and more time and resource management.TL;DR the game is hard but thats not the issue. The repetition and trial-and-error gameplay drag it down. The concept and artstyle is excellent, but people seemed like they wanted a Telltale game-like narrative experience and instead got a game with 7 different puzzle scenarios in which you are forced to make difficult, soul crushing choices. I would not recommend it if you're quick to frustrate or if you're the kind of person that plays a game trying to get the best possible outcome storywise."
,Not Recommended,274290,16478668,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Aavistaen,"I love the concept of this game, but it doesn't work out well. Why make such a big deal out of making the decision who lives and who dies, if the character you let die shows up in the next scene?I really wanted to like this game, but would not recommend unfortunately."
,Recommended,274290,11479273,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Cadett,"This game is stressful, frustrating, repetive, tense, and i ♥♥♥♥ing love it."
,Not Recommended,274290,18436058,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,feridun,dudnt boottest
,Recommended,274290,11454440,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,KERNBOOM,"It's a new type of point n click, one in which you are not just trying to fit items on stuff but one in which you are trying to find balance in your actions. The story seems promising, and the game has Hotline Miami references ftfw.EDIT: I think this game is underrated. It is a revolutionary take on point n click storytelling, it's difficulty is a character trait, perhaps a character flaw, but none the less this game needs to be acknowledged and respected.Some noobs gave this game a bad review because of it's delivery and difficulty, some have gone so far as to call it a 'resource management' game. Imho, they need to be fired from whatever online magazine they work for and be tortured for 20 days. This game is a classic regardless of taste."
,Not Recommended,274290,22192558,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,ksn0va,Nonsense
,Recommended,274290,12756982,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Kompellion,"Yes, do get"
,Not Recommended,274290,17057266,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,PratzStrike,"I'm actually writing this review to warn my friends and everyone out there - I love this sort of game. I love the time based management mechanics, and I love the space opera background. But the storyline? The overarching tale that comes out in chapter 7 and the DLC? Laziest writing on Steam. Made me want to punt the author's baby through his kitten into his throat. ""Don't fail this one, PratzStrike."" I ain't failing a thing, you (CENSORED). So. If you like sack-busting time management and gritty space opera, this game fits the bill, but the writing will almost assuredly♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. Or you'll think it's the greatest thing since smoked turkey bacon, in which case what is wrong with you."
76561198056441516,Not Recommended,274290,31889549,Posted: 21 May,all,Cakers55,Not fun enough to actually learn the game
76561198150284367,Recommended,274290,13917436,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,DauntedRex,very good story
,Recommended,274290,16125883,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Dinner King,"This game is amazing. The two things that really shine about this game to me are gameplay and the story, and are the main things I'll go over. I'll go into depth on these and any other subjects of the review in separate sections so you can look at what you're interested in. (warning- the words level and chapter are interchangeable)Quick review of Collector's Edition- The Collector's Edition adds no content to the game, but rather, gives you a wealth of non-game content- with the amazing soundtrack, a prequel comic focused on Liam and Shaman, and an artbook that has some great tidbits of information scattered throughout it, it's definitely worth the extra cash. #yourewelcomedevsGameplay- This game is a one-of-a-kind game. I think of it as a new sub-genre of point and click games- a 'dynamic point and click resource management/ emotional thriller' type-thing. Crap, it's hard to explain this game. First off, this game is a seriously challenging game. You have to take into account all of the factors of each level and plan and manage accordingly. It's a unique experience that tests your mettle in many ways- it tests your adaptability, planning, attentiveness, presents lots of ethical and moral dilemmas, too. This game might not be for the faint of heart, not only because it is mentally and occasionally emotionally challenging, but it also has some surprisingly graphical and gory deaths that I had no idea could be done with pixel art (0.o). Seriously, this game can mess with your mind if you get too invested into it- for those who enjoy that, like me, go ahead, but if you aren't into that, treat with caution (or meds).Story- This game has a seriously beautiful and detailed story and lore. Although you don't dig too deep into the story or lore in the first few levels, they grow exponentially throughout the later levels, and in the last 2 levels and the new final chapter, it connects so many of the dots the game left lying around that it left me breathless. I really don't want to spoil the story for you, as the story really is a huge part of the game and what got me hooked, but keep in mind while you play the game that you're eventually going to see the whole picture. If you think you're prone to stress or boredom from suspense like that, you might not enjoy the game, but if you're patient about the revelations of the story then you'll be rewarded by those in the final few chapters. The Collector's Edition will help add to your understanding of the story.I bid you farewell with one more comment- since this game is about puzzle solving and story following, it won't have a lot of replay value (unless you're a serious completionist)."
,Recommended,274290,16405610,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Tropa101,"The original difficult is not that hard, it's easier to beat than your standard rogue-like and have much less randomness than Binding of Isaac or FTL for examle. You just need to understand the patterns and make some sacrifices to raise your chances of succeding.Don't want to retry from start? Maybe you should raise that 50% to a 75%.Your time is up? Maybe try that 50% anyway.The whole point of the game is to retry like Super Meat Boy, you are not supposed to win at the first try. It's a rogue-like game, it's puzzle your have to adapt because of random chance. If you are constantly losing maybe it's because you are doing it the hard way."
,Recommended,274290,16660012,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Nurgle523,"Very interesting choices. Great story but like real life you don't see the whole picture. You do get more as you go along though. Each level has a theme with plenty of ways to win. I actually enjoy every single level, one involving camping I thought wasn't bad but the only one I don't fully enjoy.Every level is absolutely unique. From the start you have hostages, you have to intimidate them or befriend them to keep a balance. They may try to run. You can shoot them in the leg but make sure you bandage them soon or they die. All while the police are getting closer. You can get them to back off by various means.That's just the first level. Others involve making a cure for something and all you have [story reasons] are humans to test on.Another one involves a scene where you were captured and tortured for weeks. A spy helps you now and then where you choose painkillers, healing, or info which lets you get an advantage.Really an overall great game. A new level was just released but I haven't tried it yet."
,Recommended,274290,16189589,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Starit,"I consider Gods Will Be Watching (GWBW) a flawed gem. Do I recommend it? If Steam offered a ""Yes, but..."" option, that's the one I'd pick.GWBW is a puzzle and resource management game where you progress through a Sci-fi story, solving high-risk, high-tension scenarios that are presented to you in each chapter. Just from the start, the game itself warns you that it's going to be brutal and unforgiving, and boy, it is. One wrong decision can make you fail the whole scenario, and there are so many variants that it's very hard to juggle them all. And on top of that, the game has a random factor in it, which sometimes might work on your favor, while other times can screw you royally.So keep in mind that the game can get VERY frustrating, as it forces you to repeat the same scenario over and over again, until you're able to decipher which actions might help you success and finally achieve it.On the bright side, the devs have listened to the complains and pleas from the players and have updated the game with not one, but four easier modes. A ""softer"" mode, a ""normal"" mode without Random chance, an ""easy"" mode without Random chance and a ""cinematic"" mode, without challenge at all, only the story.The story is pretty good and interesting and the game offers a pretty unique experience, with almost no equal nowadays. Even with its flaws, I think it's worth giving it a try. And the new difficulty levels help if you're getting too frustrated with a level. It's cheap, and it's even cheaper during sales, so yeah, I recommend it."
,Not Recommended,274290,20702713,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Chungo,All rng.... why? The other game was so good :*(
,Recommended,274290,16370052,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,symphony,The struggle is real.
,Recommended,274290,14236975,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Sneaky... behave!,"It's a risk assesent simulator. A lot of sacrifices will be made. You choose on how you make it through the game. A lot of your allies will necessarily die in order for you to complete the mission. The ending is quite surprising I can see a lot of people hating it, and another group loving it.Devolver Digital does not publish bad games. This one is a good one, but the price is too high for the content it has.I would purchase this game when i goes on sale or if it included in a bundle. I ordered it as soon as it was released because I love the genre.Definitively an interesting game"
76561198013141287,Recommended,274290,14638491,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Centipede,"Are you the kind of person who sometimes thinks about a situation where you were forced to save one of your parents while dooming the other? Your spouse vs your child? A pet vs a friend?Do you revisit such scenarios over and over, think deeply about them and consider them an important question to ask yourself? Are you curious about what other people would choose if they were forced to make such choices?Then I really believe this game will speak to you."
,Recommended,274290,16061271,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,whitedevile,"It is very similar to Gemini Rue (or Primordia) but FAR more challenging, ""original"" difficulty mode pretty much requires you to fail more than a dozen times before you develop a proper strategy to beat the chapter - still, it feels very rewarding to beat this game."
76561197993489585,Recommended,274290,13628526,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Mr. Bibb,"Don't let the low metascore fool you!This game...  Was absolutely incredible.  If you love a good point and click adventure with an amazing story and some beautiful retro pixel art, play this game.  The soundtrack is fantastic and the writing is out of this world,WARNING: Turn down the difficulty to ""Original Light"".  The ""Original"" difficulty is just silly, and I can see why it turned people off.  Original Light is still VERY challenging.This game was worth every penny and more.An unforgettable experience.  This game shows why video games are an art form, and it couldn't be replicated on any other medium."
,Recommended,274290,16631513,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,OmegaJeff,"Wow.  This game strongly delivers on a sense of disempowerment, hopelessness and the random fickle hand of fate."
,Recommended,274290,17553538,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Shoukaku,66 minutes(and seems will be longer) still playing 1st level.Would be harder 10/10
76561198070478376,Not Recommended,274290,15795381,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Cheers Luv,"Gameplay is♥♥♥♥♥♥ it was definitely nothing like i expected, i suggest watching a gameplay video before buying it."
,Recommended,274290,11438541,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Eld,One of the worst game i've ever played.I like it.
,Recommended,274290,11439870,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Hentai Wizard,"Gods Will Be Watching has a great storyline, and awesome gameplay, that almost anyone can enjoy.Pros:Point and clickMoral Decisions (this game will make yourself feel like a horrible person)Challenge (took me 15-16 hours to beat on original)feels longer than it isAll over great designDecent endingCons:A glitch or two here and thereOnly Seven Levels (they feel longer though)Tedious mouse clicking (speech)The save system (saves at the beginning of a mission instead of the middle or near end)Some Game crashes here and there.Overall, this game was a lot of fun though. it was a challenge to go through every level, each one usualy harder than the last, and a good storyline never hurts too. the ending (either one you choose) leaves the game open to a sequel, so hopefully we get one soon!9/10"
,Not Recommended,274290,17975030,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,iWaNN,This isn't bug... this is feature... that's all about game design of this game. Very bad.
76561198007706128,Recommended,274290,11506265,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,gisarme,"It was okay. Moral choices never had lasting consequences, the characters and writing wasn't very interesting, and gameplay was ultimately all about optimising time/resource decisions. Ultimately, it was more a puzzle game than any particularly weighty piece of storytelling."
76561198007284815,Recommended,274290,11546330,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,jimbo_jamerson,"It's a pretty simple game, it's really just one of those ""impossible optimisation games"", you know: A makes B go down and C up, B makes A go up and C down etc..... and you need to ride the situation out till you survive, and while THAT is very simple, the game it self is VERY HARD. But hey i think thats a good thing, you are thrown into some pretty hopless situations (so it should be pretty HOPELESS) and given a whole bunch of lives to potentially ruin for the survival of the mission.For such simple game mechanics it's actually a pretty entertaining game, the storyline is keeping me more than intersted enough for all the failing i do and i genuinely care about the characters in the game, i really really want to get them all through alive. Your characters are endlessly thrown in nerve racking situations and end up having to make painful desicions to survive. The statistics at the end of every level are pretty interesting and allow you to work out how differently you played or how much better you are then most other players.YOU WILL NOT ENJOY THIS GAME IF YOU: Dislike reading, Dont enjoy math based logic problems, Get frustraited easy, Are used to winning without blood/sweat/tears, Lack the empathy to make an emotional bond with imaginary characters, Get bored of repetition easily (from all the enivitable retrys).Really the difficulty is a highlight, it's not often game developers are ballsy enough to make a near impossible situation nearly impossible. Immerse yourself fool, become Sgt Burden..."
76561198084966268,Recommended,274290,11504229,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,seannekic,"This game is at a darksouls level of failure. You will make lots of mistakes and you will fail, but you will learn from them. This is one of the hardest games i have EVER played in my life. Almost every choice you make is a life and death one and if you choose wrong it will lead to someone dying or the entire mission to fail.10/10 would watch gods again"
,Recommended,274290,15051034,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Sergeant Burden,"I do not like your face. Therefore, I will shoot you to make it go away.Then eat you."
,Not Recommended,274290,24061020,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,MovinVan,"Pretty tedious gameplay: issuing orders to a team in a basically no-win scenario requires you to keep everything in balance, but the game was designed with a bit too much randomness to make it work.  More frustrating than challenging."
,Recommended,274290,14780550,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Blossoming Sun,"I loved this game. I loved everything about it. I have only beaten it on the easiest setting, but I plan to go back and find out exactly how difficult the other settings are, but this game was awesome. If you're thinking about buying this game, let me highlight my favorite things about this masterpiece:- The music and sound is superb, nothing was jarring or so out-of-the-ordinary that it pulled me out of the game, the music was thrilling when necessary and quiet when the situation demanded it.- The story, my god, this game has an awesome story, with so many layers to it that I was just more and more intrigued the further I went into it. It is dark science fiction, with such realistic and human ideals warring beside one another that you'll want to finish it just to learn more about the characters and to find out the ending.- The puzzles are what make this game, they're diverse, challenging and story-driven. A lot of them have random variables thrown in, so when you lose, you can't rely upon your prior knowledge. It is so thrilling to finally beat a segment of the game, you really feel accomplished.I picked this up when it was on sale, the only thing that left me disappointed was the fact that the game wasn't longer."
76561197965920199,Not Recommended,274290,12942323,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Chris Finlay,Random events. No clear direction given. Very poor.
,Not Recommended,274290,12947292,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,htranou,"not much logic in there, more try everything until it works."
76561198057128223,Recommended,274290,16195031,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Refriger Raider,Gods!
76561197971322613,Recommended,274290,13895285,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Kyrodus,"This game is a brilliant subversive take on the adventure genre. Unlike the classics, you're not in control of your time to solve the puzzles and are also very much mortal, meaning you'll die A LOT playing this. But I never found it frustrating enough to give up or change from the normal difficulty setting. The theme is very appealing to me and the story is developed enough so you can fill in the blanks. It reminds us of how spoiled we are and really makes you work to understand each stage's own mechanics. Awesome!"
,Recommended,274290,13926363,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,omen99,"Someone said before in the review that not every game is for every person and I totaly agree with this opinion. Gods will be watching is not for everyone, because it requires thinking! Sounds harsh maybe, but giving thumb down to game only because it`s ""hard"" in my opinion is stupid. This game have great graphics (if you into pixel-style of course), great music, great story and you can say from the first minutes of gameplay, that developers put heart and soul into this production.  Game is VERY challenging and beating it on ""Orginal"" may take some time, but! it gives a LOT of satisfaction and you  know that your time was not wasted. Forget about tutorials in game, because there is no any - everything you need to figure out yourself - and I like it that way, because it also make game more challenging. So - if you afraid of challange and afraid of something that requires thinking I strongly suggest that you leave this title alone, but! if you into hard games with great story and great pixel-style graphics and great music, I suggest you should give Gods will be watching a try!"
76561197993440827,Recommended,274290,15583614,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Finlander,"Excellent game people mostly complain about for it's difficulty and put it in the tab of poor game designing. Resource management is always enjoyable.Most arguments against the game I heard when it was fresh was the repetitiveness and how you can't skip the dialogues you are forced to re-read  (yes you can skip the dialogues).Other complain I heard was considering chapter/mission 2 . So you are being tortured to get info out of you and one torture includes russian roulette. Argument I heard against the game and the scenario at that point was that it's based too much on luck and how that one situation can put you back the whole scenario. I count points for the game from that situation, it's excactly that kind of spychological pressure on the situation that made the gaming experience so very vivid.The game is dark souls kind of challenging set in different kind of context, with nice story that get's a bit confused with itself at times ( curse of scrambled chronology plot design?). Overall it was 15 hours worth of fun for me ( Desert scenario aside, that is just frustration and tears). Money well spend on the collector's edition of the game."
,Recommended,274290,16276634,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Varza,"The free final chapter sealed the deal for me.  Whilst patience is required and there are certainly a few shortcomings in term of the gameplay mechanics, on a whole, across the game's storyline, art, music and intellectual stimulus - this is an absolute gem."
76561198053116294,Recommended,274290,16368955,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Priam,"honestly one of the better games. Music is great, art is simple. The turn based style of gameplay lets you think about whats going on. The random elements can really screw with you.My favorite aspect of the game is the way it presents goals and distracts you from accomplishing them. It really messes with your head after a while until you learn what exactly you have to do,... which is the essential plot of the game. I'd recoomend this to anyone.The story is great, has some holes, some wierd elements. The recent extra mission explained a lot of things that weren't explained earlier.Their are drawbacks since in some situations the UI doesn't do exactly what you want it too, or you can lose the tutorial person and be left in the dark."
76561198113123819,Recommended,274290,16370285,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,csgolive.com Creative Goat,"I LOVE THIS GAME. this game is a point and click, with steriods pumped in too it. slap some great story on it, then get ya good ole' bud suvival and add him to it too,  BOOM you've got Gods Will Be Watching.i love this game because it adds the element of suvival too a point and click, aswell as the story to make it perfect.  its a type of game with a perfect combitaion of everything, all balenced.lets just say my review is not convinceing, at all.the cost of the game is cheap as dirt, it has sales all the time too.  just try it out!graphics on this great.. THING... is awesome. its a pixel game with no crappy animations or flaws, the best part is you wont get tired off the new stages design.bugs. no problem, report them and they try to fix them. no slack included.content is added i swear EVERY DAY. new, new, new, if its fixs or extra chapters.the overall score is 10 out of 10 for this game."
,Recommended,274290,16285215,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Joel,"Overall, i did not enjoy the game. It is not my style of game but i do recommend the game if you are looking for a challenge and doing things over and over."
,Recommended,274290,16483434,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Enola Gay,Good Medusa memes
76561198068189658,Recommended,274290,18534899,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Paul,dude this is a good game
76561198021079811,Recommended,274290,13448991,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,AWESOMEO,Too hard ;-;
76561198089501336,Recommended,274290,17733138,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Patraxa-B,Gods Will Be Watching is by far the best story in any videogame ever. it is compelling challenging and a ton of fun.
76561197994872724,Recommended,274290,17623045,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Dgness,"I enjoyed every single second of this game, i gotta admit this was not made for everyone, if you enjoy puzzles, great story lines and love pixel art , this game is for you.I also recommend so badly, to play on the Original Mode is just insane and when it tells you that you are going to fail a lot, you will , this game will test your mind and your patience, it worths a buy.Enjoy."
,Recommended,274290,17597023,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Ðys☢n Δ §☭here,"This narrative....This is a well written point and click, that is extremely unforgiving, however, all failures in this game, will come to a meaning.The decisions you make in this game, don't make much of a difference, but it doesn't matter, this is an experience.So instead of buying a movie, buy this adventure.I got it for 2.50$, and I didn't regret it, I'd say that 10$ is a bit steep, unless ofc you have nothing else to buy.This isn't really a replayable game, you can try if you want! :D"
,Not Recommended,274290,23942460,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,DrunkenEngineer,The art direction and soundtrack are about the only positive things about this game.  As a fan of point-n-click adventures I found the reliance on random dice rolls to be obnoxious and overbearing.  The game appears to be a homage to old school adventure games but falls flat.
,Not Recommended,274290,16376246,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Ultramontanaro,"I've tried to enjoy it. I really did. It just didn't work out. With the randominess of the 'original' setting, I had no feeling of developing how to play the game. It felt like I was trying to find a pattern with no real direction. Even changing to 'puzzle""  mode, I had no sense of how to react. It was all 'click and chose this, next - fail? yes - try different choice and repeat.In other words,  I did not feel decisions made any impact towards the next step, at least in the first level. It was all or nothing, time and time and time again. It just was not fun."
76561198001629112,Not Recommended,274290,28617600,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,aferral,Not my kind of game. There very little choice in this game. I really dislike the second chapter you will have to die 10 or 20 times to pass and you dont get better you just memorize what to do.  The rest of the game is better after but still.
76561198077874947,Recommended,274290,13649084,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,JDKeyes67,"Me: ""Oh thank God I figured out the vaccine in time and without killing anyone! Woo hoo!""Dr. Zenesz and Sarah: ""Oh just kidding there's whole 2nd set of compounds to inject into yourself with and if you don't get it right on the first try we're all gonna die. Have fun! :D""Me: ""FFFUUUU- I'm done for the day....."" *walks away from computer*"
,Recommended,274290,13827348,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,EmZiom,"Dark souls is nothing compared to this.This is really hard game.But You are able to lower difficulty level.Even on easy its still hard.But you can lower difficulty level.Even on easier easy its hard.But you can lower difficulty level.Still hard??You are able to lower difficulty level even more.But easy easy easy mode is like watching pixel cartoon or playing visual novels.(Just press left mouse button)They even named this difficulty level - ""narrative mode"".So I recommend You to play on ""original light"". (aka easy) Good for first playthrough. Its still hard but not so frustrating as ""original"".Plot is amazing, pixel art is above all else pixel art games. Music is fitting action perfectly.If I have to describe this game in one word, perfect word is:Ambitious."
76561198130268469,Recommended,274290,13939259,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,skyhrg,"I don't care what the review says, it's an awesome game!Great resource management game, but also has a pretty slick story, unravelling especially towards the end.I enjoyed it, wasn't TOO hard even on original mode."
76561197995292010,Recommended,274290,13802150,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,StragoMog,"I played this game when it was still an indie prototype from a game jam.  And it kicked my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing hard.  I was frustrated, but I was also intrigued.  Punishing gameplay can be intentional and can often bely a fascinating enigma of a game.  Just ask any Dead/Dark Souls fans.I am writing this review to counter the many negative reviews I have seen of this game.  Anyone who has reviewed this game negatively has no ♥♥♥♥ing idea what they are talking about.  However, that is largely due to the fact that the game didn't start out with the multiple difficulties it has now.  Many reviewers played it when only the ""Original"" difficulty existed when the game is infuriatingly difficult for all but the most hardcore (which I am most empathetically not).I guess I was fortunate to not have time to get around to playing the game until the ""Mercy Update"" came out.  I had been following the game since I saw and played the game jam prototype.  In the prototype I barely made it 7 days without everything going to hell (The prototype was what became Chapter 4).  When I tried the commercial version on Original Light I was done before I was halfway to the Chapter 1 goal.  I had to play on Puzzle Mode Light.  LIGHT.  I am not an inexperienced gamer and I might have made it through on Puzzle Mode but considering how many times Chapter 5 kicked my♥♥♥♥♥I know I should not be so arrogant to think so.Simply put, anyone who complains about the difficulty (ESPECIALLY after they added the other difficulties) has no ♥♥♥♥ing clue what they are talking about.THE POINT of the game is the difficulty.  It is the base DNA that was present even in the nascent prototype.  The difficulty MUST be high.  The entire point of the game is moral ambiguity and hard decisions.  How can a game force you to feel these things if the difficulty is not cranked up?  How can a game force you to choose between running out of food (which would cause characters with low morale to commit suicide) and killing the least useful member of your troop so that the others would survive, without making the ""save everyone"" option almost impossible?But the Mercy Update fixes that.  Because the multitude of difficulties added makes this game accessible for players of all levels of masochism.  And that is a good thing.Because the story is a masterpiece.  A complex tale of gray areas, branching pathways, personal discoveries, and hard choices.  The music is masterful in its creation of an atmosphere. The gameplay combines adventure game style branching pathways with the tense resource management of a thriller strategy game.  You will be surprised how tense this game will make you.But most importantly, at least to a player such as myself, this game fulfills my criteria for ""Games As Art"".Many games can be considered art, but for me, the true pinnacles of the media embrace message and metaphor in a way no other medium can: through gameplay.I can't say much else about it due to spoilers, but the game embraces its branching pathways, gray areas, and hard moral choices into it's core story to create a metaphor about the hard choices we make through life.  When the gameplay and story intersect to become a metaphor unto themselves is when games truly become the sublime.This game is EASILY one of the best games of 2014.  Many of us just needed the lower difficulties to see that.  Don't be so arrogant that you feel you can't play it on the lower difficulties.  The INTENT of the game is to be punishing and inspire HARD CHOICES.  It's fine if you can't handle that but if you dismiss this game out of frustration you are robbing yourself of one of the few experiences of a truly inspired piece of interactive software."
76561198036275690,Recommended,274290,16051123,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Hammer Bro Franman,"Tense, but rewarding. Simple gameplay, but lovely story.It made me nostalgic, sad, and super happy in victory.A lot of fun."
76561198079907731,Recommended,274290,14380400,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,O.G. Onions,"This game was great.  Its simplicity of controls (the whole game is point and click) made a nice balance for the very serious storyline and moral choices.  The storyline itself is gripping..and while it's good from the beginning, it develops and gets better and better as you progress.  By the end, you will be left feeling satisfied, and as the credits roll you will be left to your own thoughts and emotions, how you felt about the characters and all the choices you made throughout playing.  I seriously recommend this game to anyone looking for an interesting, different game to play with a good storyline and heavy choices.  8/10"
,Recommended,274290,16263624,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Wichajster,"This game is hard. Very hard, and unforgiving.Nice pixel artstyle. I like the animation the simplicity and good taste of the art director here.The plot is good too.Keep up the good work guys"
,Not Recommended,274290,16233788,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Trade Joe,God this game...Cons- 1st level and most are WAY too hard- Choices don't matter in a choices matter game- Some gameplayPros- Graphics- Story kinda?I wish I didn't spend 3 hours playing this and would gladly get a refund if I still could.
,Recommended,274290,16342311,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Mabec,This game is hardcore. And it came out on my bday. Thats also hardcore
,Recommended,274290,16268586,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Eric Freeman,"Beautiful graphics, immersive music, deep sci-fi storyline, and more!10/10 would murder a child in front of his parents just to get passcodes again"
76561198028110465,Recommended,274290,14453993,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Dandypunk,"So I played the game on easy:The game mechanic is simple, trials and errors while you manage the ressources available in each chapters. Simple yet effective.Throughout the game you will have to make important decisions, sadly the decisions you take are not transmited from a chapter to another. In the end I found that those big decision takings were fun (even if it means to kill a charcacter).!!If you are a gamer that does not like to try over and over then this game is probably not for you!!The game is pretty short, couple of hours and you will be done.Art is superb, everything is great. Even though I'm not a 8bit fanatic I appreciate good art direction."
,Recommended,274290,14488706,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Snepsts | Team10 eSports,"As little of the game as I've played so far, I gotta say this game is great.It pushes you outside of what you might be comfortable with and forces you to make decisions between two choices that you'd never want make anyway, which really forces you to think over them, and yet feel rushed to decide. Honestly, one of the more interesting games I've played and really enjoy it, looking forward to beating it.For those of you complaining about luck and difficulty and such, there's different modes for you.Normal mode is not for the ""completionist do everything right"" guy, it's for you to push through and stick with your choices. It's not a game about saving the most people or making the most right choices, it's a game about surviving and living with the choices you had to make. It's about being smart and testing your moral abilities.Oh and the pixel art is sexy, and I laughed a few times at the second mission.All in all 9/10"
76561197970774985,Not Recommended,274290,11688204,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,HUGE CLOSEUP ON THIS GUY'S ABS,"A lever pulling simulator, disguised as something more interesting."
76561198151996678,Recommended,274290,25520048,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,alvaromartinlop,"The game was hard and it's suppossed to be that way. I did not play in easy mode. I played the game in original difficulty as it should be played, and I am happy I finished it in original. Don't listen to everyone here and try original. RND makes each experience unique.I think people either love this game or hate it. I think it was awesome, I wish there were more games like this.The pixel art of this game is gorgeous. It was my favorite thing about the game, and it's what made me buy it.The OST is awesome, great job fingerspit. I wish more indie games had this type of music.Thanks for all the hard work, deconstruct team!"
76561198042841303,Recommended,274290,15306313,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Alister,"This is not your average adventure game. Through out all of the missions there is an easier way of doing things and there is the morally right way of doing things. In simple terms if you have less people you dont need to spend extra resourses on them. What makes this game worth playing is the challenges that it has for the levels. It is relatively easy to play through the game on original difficulty and get through it, however, when you are trying to do the right thing is when it gets difficult and this is where the challenges come in.The game is punishing and some times it does rely complete on chance, however, this is rare and it makes getting through the missions that much more satisfying, not only that the missions are short (20mins -30mins) so if you lose halfway through it's not a game killer.This game is for anyone that likes to best tested. It requires you to want to make the right desicions but to sometimes be able to put winning the game above what is morally right."
,Not Recommended,274290,24940308,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,The White Warrior,"First level is just completely impossible. I understand that the devs wanted the game to be hard but this is ridiculous. I am not opposed to the game, just the first level, I am sure that the rest is great. Wouldn't buy tho, unless you have an hour or two to spend on the first level."
,Not Recommended,274290,13728756,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Excedium,Basically Dark Souls for PC. Don't buy this unless you want to throw your computer monitor against the wall. Even harder than Dark Souls honestly.
,Recommended,274290,13713710,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Rudolf Von Goldenbaum,"Awesome game with great story, dialogue and art style.When you mismanage, the game will punish you by forcing you to make tough choices.The game is essentially a resource manager with some elements of trial and error and dice rolling. Not as hard as some reviews here make it out to be, even in the ""original"" difficulty.100% recommended."
76561198040239821,Recommended,274290,23308460,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,joecross34,Great game
,Recommended,274290,11596142,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Slyeye,"Incredibly intense, wonderful atmosphere. Does not disappoint."
76561197983662248,Recommended,274290,11607636,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,TechieRefugee,"To start: I used to add a longer header to these reviews describing my scoring ethos, but since it often made the review too long to submit, I've opted to leave it on my Backloggery page. Also, I first wrote a review for this game before ""The Mercy Update,"" so I'll mainly be talking in reference to this update.Gameplay: Skip Original and go to Puzzle. Trust me; you'll have a better time. Original is difficult but laden with RNG, Puzzle is difficult but predictable. In fact, I never even beat Chapter 1 on Original mode due to how crazy the RNG could get for me at times. Puzzle mode, on the other hand, did a good job of balancing difficulty and atmosphere, which was one of my biggest complaints about the game before Puzzle Mode was a thing. While it is hard to really compare the atmospheres between the two modes (Original Lite, the first one I played and Puzzle Mode), I think if I had been able to play Puzzle Mode from the get-go that I would have had so much more intense of a playthrough rather than me just clicking through the menus hoping for the stars to align.Don't get me wrong, though; there's still some trial and error here. Fortunately, due to the nature of Puzzle mode, you won't see right actions not work or wrong actions work fine due to RNG. It really does make the game a whole lot better. While some may argue that this detracts from some of the replay value, I really don't see this game as a game to be replayed a lot. Anyways, even with the predictable nature of Puzzle mode, the atmosphere of the game was still very well portrayed. Apart from that, though; that's really all I have left to say about this game. Puzzle mode really did save this game. It still may not be the most fun of games, but in Puzzle mode there's enough outs so that RNG doesn't actually screw you over while still retaining quite a bit of atmosphere that can be portrayed in Original when the stars align. 7/10.Story: For the longest time I was worried that this would be one of those, ""It's all in your head"" stories. Then I was worried that it was a Digital Devil Saga-esque thing. What's really going on... could honestly use a lot more explanation. The game makes constant references to Gods (hell, it's in the title), but you never really know if there are actual Gods or if it's just religious adulation. Everything else is pretty well explained, so leaving that last pretty important thread dangling feels kinda... lazy. The concept is pretty neat, and I've always been a fan of Gameplay and Story elements synergizing to enhance the overall gameplay experience. As for the dialogue and characters, there's a lot of dialogue. Some of the characters, such as in Chapter 5 don't really go much further than faceless military bros, but that's alright. For the characters that are developed, they're not bad. In fact, that's a pretty good synopsys of this game's story: it's not bad. 7/10.Graphics: Oh man, if you've even got a remote interest in Pixel Art, you could stare for days at this game. Again, it's another one of those instances where I don't need to tell you how good the game looks. I don't have the special edition, so I wasn't able to get my hands on the artbook, but I wouldn't mind getting that in the future. So don't worry; the quality of the art in the screenshots are in no way deceptive about the overall quality of the art in this game. A ton of effort was put into it, and it shows. As for the technical aspects of this game, it fullscreens to your native resolution, and it did so for mine without a hitch. Some people said they wanted Antialiasing for this game, but to be perfectly honest, there's like one cutscene that would've benefitted from it. So yeah; I don't see it as a big deal that antialiasing isn't here. Overall, this game just looks fantastic, and it stays so from start to finish. 5/5.Sound: Pretty much the OST to talk about here, and Fingerspit did one hell of an OST for this game. Seriously, there's only one song that you should listen to to know how good this soundtrack is, and that's the song for Chapter 5, titled Legend. Pretty much every track in this game is heavily laden with atmosphere to suit the needs of the scene. There really isn't any ""traditional"" music, in the sense of a common song structure, but it's certainly something that can be listened to outside of the game to really set a mood. 5/5.Overall scores are: 7/7/5/5; cumulative score of 8.0/10. Again, Puzzle Mode really does save this game for me."
,Recommended,274290,11672279,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,ping,"A little bit puzzle game, a little bit resource management, and hugely infuriating and often utterly, unfairly difficult. But it's still great. My main problem with the game up to this point was that a lot of the events during the scenarios had very harsh stochastic elements -- so basically, no matter how well you had learned to beat the scenarios (through painful trial and error) you could be totally screwed over by the roll of a dice. This kind of thing can be OK occasionally, and add an element of risk to the game, but I reckon it was turned up way too high in the earlier versions. The latest patch includes a mode that removes a lot of the stochastic elements, which I think makes the game a lot better, but without lowering the difficulty TOO much. So, yeah, no worries there any more. Other than that, it's a pretty neat little game that looks fantastic and is set in a cool sci-fi universe. I think people will either love this or hate it -- no middle ground -- because the gameplay is pretty niche. There are a few other issues here and there (why do characters that died keep coming back to life??) But I really enjoyed it, even though the gameplay can be very tough, I still kept coming back."
,Recommended,274290,24097853,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,[LGOTRT] Whiteheat073,A very fun role playing game.
,Not Recommended,274290,24082104,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Rizzen *NGC*,This review is negative because the game is not what the developers promised it would be.This does not really make me regret my decisions the way Mass Effect and Bioshock do. But it does have a nice atmosphere and aesthetic. It's a good timekiller.
,Recommended,274290,11455744,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Dereknor,"I played the demo many years ago. It was just a short suvival webgame, where you had to manage a small group of survivers on a fire. When I first saw this game, my first thought was ""hey, I already played that for free many month ago!""But then I bought this game when it was on sale. This game is much more then the demo. It has 6 different chapters, each unique. You always have to make decissions and manage your resources to survive or reach a certain goal in a set time. It is not real time, but turn based. So for example, you got like 25 days to reach a goal. You need to care for your crewmembers health and morale and you need to handle random events.And its all in this cool old adventure look :)I really love this game. It can be really challanging sometimes and it is hard to keep everyone alive. You often have to leave someone behind. I just reached chapter 5 by now.Each chapter is very different, so its not just the same mechanism just with 6 different backgrounds. Each chapter has unique mechanisms, dangers and ways to play it. In one chapter, you are just around a fire and need to keep everyone alive and the fire runing, and you need to care about their health. In another chapter, you are in a desert with a big team and need to care for water and ammunition, while moving around the desert.I'm very curious how all this ends. I could go on playing 100 chapters of this! :)"
,Not Recommended,274290,13093465,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,grandgnu,"Boring and frustrating to slog through, would not recommend"
76561198088481489,Not Recommended,274290,24218960,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,harambeisbae,Never managed to get into it. I like difficult games but this one is mainly awkward and jut plain harsh. If you like that kind of game go for it.Might give it more of a try at some time and edit review.
,Recommended,274290,24416335,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,D. Maarco,"So, if you want a hard game ... go and play dark souls, this one is almost impossible! hahaha"
,Recommended,274290,13628416,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Mashkwi,10/10 will die again
76561197968303885,Recommended,274290,13576147,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,reez,Really deep game.
76561198004629469,Recommended,274290,11705821,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Noctum Sideris,"Brutal... Hardcore... Tragic....these words begin to describe this game but dont do it justice. It is a unique experiance. Its point/click, a simple game, but you will race aginst the clock, struggle to survive, make hard decissions and sacrifice in the name of self preservation. See if you can overcome, and remember...There will be blood."
,Recommended,274290,11733421,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,danomarino,"This game isn't as bad as some of the reviews out there. I generally enjoyed the challenge of this game. It's almost like a chess match in the turn by turn style of game play which I love. Honestly I really don't agree with a lot of the reviews on this game. If you like retro graphics and chess match style turn by turn gameplay, you'l probably enjoy this game."
76561198047501546,Not Recommended,274290,11757330,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,adam_sievers,"If you enjoy the sensation of wanting to put your fists through your keyboard then look no further this is your game. I realised upon the first mission that this game was not what I was expecting. I expected more of a ""pick a path"" sytle game, but this just gives me the same sensation of the time i was made manager at one of my old jobs and barely made over minumum wage with no benifits, or how I imagine the stress level of being the sugar daddy to 5 gold digging strippers at the same time that are co-workers and you don't want any of them to find out about the other, and here's the kicker you don't have two nickles to rub together....... At least when I blow 10 dollars at a strip club I can get♥♥♥♥♥♥in my face. If you enjoy mind numbing resposnibility, the sensation you get when you lose all of your rent money at the casino the day before it's due, or enjoy purple nurples given to you by a guy named Steve then this will be the best $10 you ever spent."
76561198064915386,Recommended,274290,11763846,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Ndvowelf,"Gods Will Be Watching can best be summed up by it's game over screen: the depiction of a ragged man, lost both literally and figuratively, as he fights against the harsh winds of a desert planet and he reflects upon past mistakes.A few reviews criticise the random elements of the game and the game's general difficulty, but both of these factors really do work in the game's favour concerning it's story and gameplay's main themes. Like the main character, if you want to keep people alive and do the best to your ability you have to work hard and struggle against near impossible odds; even if life hands you cruel and random factors. A lot of sci-fi stories talk about near impossible odds and well known captains who have made miracles happen, and Gods Will Be Watching is one of the only stories to actually present these challenges.The criticisms I hold against the game is that it never explains the main twist of the game, though I like the twist itself, and character deaths seem to matter little and so detract from the ethical dillemas. Aside from that I suggest getting this game if you want a real challenge and know that, if you do, the Gods will be watching as you struggle through their trials."
,Recommended,274290,11796248,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,vaaern,"Not really what I expected after seeing the trailers or reading about it. It's not really my kind of game and it's SUPER hard, no, ULTRA hard even. I do recommend it, but please take note that it's more of a time/pain management game then about moral choices. The art and soundtrack are amazing! It's not expensive, and if you really want to know more, test it with someone who has bought it already!"
76561198079445662,Recommended,274290,11799313,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,helen keller on adderall,great game 10 out of 10 ♥♥♥♥ YOU ORIGINAL MODE ♥♥♥♥ YOU IN THE♥♥♥♥♥AHHHHHHHHHHHHH good game.
76561198081846566,Recommended,274290,11831751,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,thegreyyy,"Great game. Very different and engaging.... UNTIL the desert level. Whoever thought that level was a good idea should be fired. Way too hard, and not even in an interesting way. It's basically completely randomised and through no fault of your own you'll die again and again."
,Recommended,274290,11866010,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,schmogg,"I bought this game during the Steam Summer Sale I believe and didn't touch it at first. 4-5 days ago I found it in my library, downloaded it and was instantly hooked. Yes, the gameplay is difficult, but cmon? Everywhere else you hear complaints about games being ""too easy"" nowadays. And heck, even the ""original mode"" was too hard for me, so I lowered it to ""light"", which made things significantly easier and more enjoyable. Now that I've finished it on this level, I'll probably go back and play on ""original"". I enjoyed the story, I enjoyed the style and I love games that really make me think about my decisions.....so yes, definitely worth it."
76561198015824481,Not Recommended,274290,11866475,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Absynce,this game is really bad.
76561198025921650,Recommended,274290,11868581,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,GipsyDanger,"Playing the game on the Original difficulty is both very brutal and rewarding-- not for the easily frustrated. The game involves a lot of trial and error and you will die or otherwise fail a lot which the game creators are very upfront with. The mission objectives and story were more than enough to keep me interested and I saw the entire game through on the apperantly ""broken"" Original difficulty with the exception of chapter 5. I reccomend for its originality in story and art style alone especially considering the very manageable pricetag. 20 good hours spent."
,Recommended,274290,11869782,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,vault122,"First off, this game is not for everyone this point cannot be  more emphasized. This game is very difficult and should not be played by those who don't have the patience to replay a stage over and over and over again. The difficulty might be an unattractive part of the game to some but for me and others who love this game it is one of the best parts of this game. This game is about survival, beating the odds, buckling down, making it by the skin of your teeth and how difficult it is to do so. The difficulty beautifully ties itself with the harsh realities of survival as each stage presents itself as an extreme situation where sacrifices must be made and even then in most cases you will lose. But you keep fighting, because thats what it takes, because thats what this game is about, because if it were easy, it wouldn't be worth doing and for those who fight and persevere, they will see the true significance of the story and its themes. And those who quit at the face of failure and difficulty won't, because they don't deserve to, they didn't do what this game demands: to have the will to fight and survive no matter the cost. A powerful game that shows that success is a road paved by failure and the refusal to give up."
,Recommended,274290,11884196,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,atavist,"I've two words to describe this game: SU-PER.I do not undersand the bad review regarding the chance factor, it is exactly that point that is pure genius and makes the game what it is. Without the chance factor, everything is too previsible - after two turns you just have to repeat the same set of actions in order to move to the next level - boring.With the chance factor, suddenly everything can go♥♥♥♥♥♥because an unexpected action arrives. It is the main interest of the game: either to anticipate that everything goes out of order by minimizing the chance factor /// or if you fail to find a way out of it."
,Recommended,274290,11904620,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Curiouser,"Blows your mind. Complete the game on hard, I dare you,"
,Recommended,274290,11909402,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,FortyEight,"For all its tediousness and randomness, underneath it all is an existential storyline that tries to make you question ""What does it matter what I do or don't do?""It's challenging in an unforgiving way if you play it in it's original mode. They recently added in puzzle mode and narrative mode which were a welcome change  as well.For an indie game, it's worth it just for the story.It's definitely not a game for everyone in t he slightest though."
,Recommended,274290,11954028,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,STUDENT LOAN DEBT,"Only 5 Words to sum this up:Real-Life Management Jobs in a Nutshell.Think about it: Managing resourses and people for those who you care for [Stage 4], managing a situation that you would want to not go out of control [Stage 1], keeping secrets away and hidden from your competitors [Stage 2], Managing your team's to complete an impossible task in a short matter of time [Stage 3], and even correctly navigating through a vast area to reach home in time for that steak dinner [Stage 5].  If you're wanting to go into management (because almost nobody wants to take that job or something like that) and want to know how it feels to become one, then this is the game for you to learn how managers work in given tough situations.I personally enjoyed it, for it made me understand what managers go through in real life.  And them workers say that their managers in their cubicle job (or whatever they work at) are always after them because they abuse them a lot..."
76561198141497067,Not Recommended,274290,12047447,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,rinzler,"It was actually the most unenjoyable game I've ever played. It isn't what they profess it to be. Every action is linear and if you decide to kill someone off, it doesn't alter the story; they just come back in the next scene. You don't have a choice at all! It was more of a job than a game to get through it all. Each chapter is long, and make one mistake you'll most likely fail and have to start over again. It was that bad."
,Recommended,274290,12086792,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Vice,Has to be one of the hardest games I have played. pick it up if you want a challenge
76561197972414642,Not Recommended,274290,13800105,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,HPCapt Obvious,Too hard. Played first level 7 times on puzzle mode and still cant beat it.
,Recommended,274290,13638476,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,packratgirl,An oddly intense game that focuses on stratagy. Loved playing it and recommend it highly.
,Not Recommended,274290,12672001,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,javalasers,"Intriguing premise; frustrating execution. Learn-by-dying works better with a faster iteration cycle (e.g., Super Meat-Boy), or more interesting stuff happening in the middle (e.g., FTL). When I found myself reading guides online after 40 minutes of frustrating play (""look to see if your prisoners' legs are bent or straight; that can tell you whether you need to kick or yell at them""), I realized that for me, this game was asking a lot more from me than it had earned.I liked the ""real moral dilemma"" idea, but if the difficulty and inscrutability is such that I'm just reading guides online and reducing this to a point-and-click puzzle game, then that ""real moral dilemma"" piece completely loses its punch.I'm happy I gave it a try for mysefl, but I honestly can't recommend it."
76561197992985917,Recommended,274290,13131023,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,SmithDoc,"a classic game -in the classic sense of the word- beating the gods will be watching will demand all of your attention, as you study how other characters respond to you, forcing you to develop your strategies according to their demands. not for the weak of mind, stomach, or heart. 10/10"
76561198062335048,Recommended,274290,13192571,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,GreedyGraffiti,"Gods Will Be Watching is a very strategic and difficult game with great pixel art and a twisted type of gore for a seemingly friendly-looking game. Storyline is well put together, but you can get easily lost in it if you're not paying too much attention. However, it's easy to catch on to what's happening. Gameplay requires thought-out actions for the player, and needs a lot of patience to really enjoy the game.9/10"
76561198005336655,Recommended,274290,13192732,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Crynus,"I know there was a lot of negative feedback on the game because it seemed to be something it wasn't. Not sure if that was misrepresentation or misinterpretation. What the game IS tho is a lot of fun. I enjoy the scenarios and managing the situation. I enjoy the randomness, (which you can turn off) and I enjoy no auto-save feature. It makes you put more thought into your choices and adds a lot more stress and impact.Very unique game, and loving the difficulty of it, not to mention some of the soundtracks are pretty good.Haven't played a whole lot of games this year, but so far this is my game of the year."
,Recommended,274290,13156517,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,GPriske,"For those wondering why there are such mixed reviews.Gods Will be Watching does something that, by this point, more developers should be striving for. It takes the concept of what a game should be, and throws it out the window. GWBW is thrilling, compelling and intense, with out live first person action. It is increadbly different and fresh. This, however, obvioulsy bothers some people. If you want to play just another game, this isnt the game for you. If you want a refreshing experince that will have you cringing at pixal violance and morally torn about pixal lives, buy it right now."
,Recommended,274290,13179055,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,The Fun Police,Brilliant emotional and puzzle-based storytelling that maintains tension throughout. Great writing and graphics and glitch-free. 10/10
76561198010578263,Recommended,274290,13222016,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Gen. Eric,"Highly recomend this game for anyone looking for a challange set in a different game type than you are used to.  It takes a little while to catch on to but once you get the hang of it you can start to really have fun with it.  Story and characters are played out well, I mostly enjoyed the old school feel and great music (which was essential for a game like this)."
76561198002784244,Recommended,274290,14994095,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,pred,"Awesome look, animations and sound. With a great story and tough decisions."
76561198005792854,Recommended,274290,14997747,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,InviS,"If you can grab this game for a good price, do it. A great experience different from anything I have ever played. All the missions are very different.Only problem I see is that you can't really change the main storyline. Dead characters reapear like nothing, and not many explanations are given. Don't mind it though."
76561198119478019,Recommended,274290,14817429,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,freelancerace,"An interesting game with a very unique mechanics. Could be described as a tamogotchi with people problems. If the thought of that does not make you cringe on the inside, give this game shot and test your humanity. Personally I was intrigued by the story but was not very happy when I realized that the game is actually pretty short (I got it for the story and, hence, I did not go with the hard mode or the original). I've also noticed that some things are a bit backwards despite the seriousness of the story, and at times it felt like Space Quest was much more involved on the sci-fi theme. If you play the game you will understand certain aspects of socio-economics and technological development are highly under-estimated for space faring characters (when you finish this game you will understand the backwardness). I think this game deserves a solid 7/10 and is worth a shot during the steam sale event."
76561198050838887,Recommended,274290,14936067,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,LegoDan99,"This game is one hell of a ride, truly capturing the feeling of a life or death situation. In the incredibly difficult situations the weight of responsibility weighing down on the player character was almost enough to give me a panic attack. Throw in good quality animation, a fantastic soundtrack and excellent writing and you have a truly incredible experience, and it's even better if you can get past the first level. Damn it's hard."
76561197976486631,Recommended,274290,14941080,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Sir Gonn,"I used to love DOS games where they game you choices & had to choose the best option. These were like Where in the world is Carmen Sandiago & Monkey Island. This reminds me of those days. This game won't take you years to beat, but there's many ways to complete each level."
,Recommended,274290,13034102,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,ProfessorIrony,"As a work of art, Gods Will Be Watching is much more impressive than as a video game. It's an experiment into making the player uncomfortable and trying to mirror what it would be like to go through these situations, in a much similar fashion to a game like Papers, Please. It falls often, but it's notable how hard it tries. Sometimes the intention is bright enough to make it something you have to play and then think about to understand. It isn't a ""fun"" game, it's actually quite a stressful game, to the point where at times I simply wanted to stop playing, but I believe this sensation is exactly what the developers wanted to convey when they made the game, and even recommend playing it in all it's intense difficult glory. It's a strange game, but if, and only if, something that's more experimental and out of your comfort zone sounds like something interesting to you, by all means, it's worth a shot.Here's some more extended thoughts on it in my video review, in case you're still not sure.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CgAsaW_I3KE"
76561197968293873,Not Recommended,274290,12676510,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Filthy Monkey,"Attracted by the great visual style! Unfortunately I just couldn't really get into gameplay. Spent about 2 hours with it, died 100 times, I'm sure I could grind it out but ... meh. Time is too precious these days.I went so far as to inquire about a return / refund. Glad I'm only out $5."
,Not Recommended,274290,12664761,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Eckatma,"I was very enthusiastic about the art style and tone of this game. But now that I've had a chance to play it through, the actual gameplay feels more arbitrary than challenging. I realize the brutal difficulty is intentional, but rather than tackling things strategically, it feels like luck and trial and error. It'll suit a certain type of gamer, but I'd sooner recommend the Sword and Sorcery EP, where the style and ambience are allowed to stand on their own."
,Recommended,274290,22489890,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Nightrader,It's wonderful.
76561197989100598,Recommended,274290,15221738,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,For one night only it's Ernesto,11/10 would play again -R.O.M
76561198055289857,Recommended,274290,32918588,Posted: 28 June,all,Doggo,It has an intriguing plot and difficult levels.It's a try-and-error game and finishing it gives you satisfaction
76561198080058140,Not Recommended,274290,19275896,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,tgryley,"Nice graphics, but it's just too hard."
76561197989143661,Not Recommended,274290,18782710,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Chicken Champ,"Infinite ""Loading, Please Wait"" at startup. Publisher's only reccomendation is to hit alt+enter... which causes the game to crash. Unplayable."
76561198195989650,Not Recommended,274290,19050786,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,natashacavata,"I couldn't enjoy it..... I just played it for a few minutes and got bored pretty fast. It's very repetitive, and theres a lot of random stuff happening so when you fail, it just feels unfair sometimes. The story and characters were not enough to keep my attention."
76561198101614847,Not Recommended,274290,20343007,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,cheezecak3,"Doesnt work, screen stays on loading and the background sound starts but the screen stays black. Really wanted to play this game:("
76561198083726352,Recommended,274290,16614197,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,doojayess,"I can't overstate how wonderful this game is. It is depressing, emotional, devastating, and borders on being nihilistic depending on how you want to look at it, but oh my God this is an absolute gem of a game. It takes a bit of getting used to, and you're thrown straight into the action, but you'll quickly learn how to function in the GWBW world. You'll also more than likely develop feelings for all the main characters and your heart will ache for them, especially if you pick up the DLC, so there's your warning for you.The only thing that irritated me was the final battle, but the story and dialogue made up for that a million times over. I do suggest playing through this the first time on the  easiest difficulty just so you understand what the heck you're doing, and once you get a feel for the game you can switch to the harder difficulties and have a fun time.TL;DR Gods Will Be Watching is one of the most powerful games I have played in a long time, and I encourage everyone to have a copy of it in their library."
,Recommended,274290,16610791,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,pointofdeparture,"An occasionally frustrating but ultimately satisfying game that explores morality in some pretty bleak situations. Gods Will Be Watching is absolutely brilliant when it works, but tarnished by a derivative plot and a cop-out ending that could have underscored the game's more powerful moments instead of downplaying them. Difficulty also varies pretty wildly from level to level. Nonetheless, a unique game worth playing. I'm of the opinion that the RNG moments like the notorious Russian Roulette sequence are part of what makes this game great, so take that for what you will. Probably not for those who can't stand resource management, though."
,Recommended,274290,16625795,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,FatherDagon,Cool story!Cool graphics!Tough choices!Super challenging!= Awesome game!
,Recommended,274290,16666013,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,roguefrog,"This is a very fascinating game.  The marriage of content and challenge forms the root of its gameplay. At a glance it looks like a cool pixelated point and click adventure game but don't be fooled. Here in lies turn-based resource juggling, trial and serious error, and hot and heavy RNG, opposed to obscure puzzle solving using items without time contraits. This really makes Gods Will Be Watching its own thing entirely. It very refreshing, but to use a more apt word: harrowing.The biggest issue with the game is its reverse difficulty curve. The games opening act is among the harshest sequences in the entire game, given to you when you are at your greenest, mean while the end game is tame when you are well versed."
,Not Recommended,274290,17539206,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,I eat GLUTEN,All game does is bug out most of the time
,Recommended,274290,13645888,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,jon from the garfield manga,do u accept the dirty bubble challenge
76561198122729451,Not Recommended,274290,18658405,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Lord__Richter,"I love how all the professional reviews of this game talk about how deep and atmospheric this game is.This game is a total piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥and everybody who has played it knows it. Anybody who states they have gotten through the first scenario without watching a walkthrough is lucky or a liar. All the reviewers who were all over this games nuts are flavor of the week obsessed shills.I waited so long for this game to hit a sale price and I'm glad I did otherwise I would be asking for a refund. I really wanted to spend at least an hour with this game before ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ all over it but this first mission is just a ♥♥♥♥ing joke, I can only imagine what the latter missions will be like.I see a lot of responses to bad reviews out there talking about how people can remove the RNG in other difficulty settings. Why should I have to do that?RNG should provide excitement, in this game it provides a VERY rigid structure that I call ""key-hole"" game design. Key-hole game design is never a good thing, It allows for one way to complete a scenario and and endless amount of ways to fail.I like roguelike games and I enjoy random happenings that make games more exciting. The random happenings in this game don't seem designed to add excitement to the game, they simply end it. It's not thrilling and there are no moral delimmas holding me back. I have played the same mission 15 times now, the thrill wore off after the third death and the RNG provides nothing but paths to failure.I'll keep playing for a bit, but I don't expect my review to change much."
76561198067248388,Not Recommended,274290,24309665,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,FireChair,"A classic case of a cool story being ruined by terrible gameplay. The first levels are fun, but trust me. This game goes down the rabbit hole of redundancy faster than Josh Trank's film career."
,Recommended,274290,16435940,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Bob Loblaw's Law Blog,Some really incredible moments in this game and -lot's- of tension. It has a pretty art style as well. Later chapters are quite hard but you can always pick an easier diffuculty (even story mode). Two thumbs way up.
76561197966167786,Recommended,274290,27322362,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,eyehate,"I love the idea of this game.I love being presented with horrible moral dilemmas in games and enduring the consequences.But I hate the gameplay. It is very linear. If you do not follow the games track of events, you will lose. I wish it was a little more forgiving and allowed you to follow your own path."
,Recommended,274290,27464508,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Secret_Snake,10/10 would be tortured again
,Recommended,274290,27573564,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tozy,"Epic ending! Makes you think... about gods... about the universe.The puzzles can get hard. Some times you feel like you lost just because of bad luck. But you can always change the difficulty. At least do it, play it in ""really easy"". The ending is worthwhile."
,Recommended,274290,27577693,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Noah1472,"Honestly one of my favourite games of all time, you can't help but find yourself pulled into these intense scenarios without getting attached to each character involved."
,Recommended,274290,20230635,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,brank,I played on easy mode
76561197981572497,Recommended,274290,22775913,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,wize1,"Like: it's a creative game. fun story. cool graphics. nice music. good production.Dislike: How many things I have to juggle just to be successful. There are options of difficulty but I still think it's just too much♥♥♥♥♥♥to manage.conclusion: neat little game, but it's not my kind of game. sure someone will stick it out."
76561198043121932,Recommended,274290,14247801,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Jon Snow,Kappa
76561198004396589,Recommended,274290,13945980,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Madcrab,"Very good game, with lots of struggles and lots of fails, but after you finish this, and live through this story, you understand, why you had to struggle and retry so much, and why Burden`s story so amazing.By the way: Xenolifer!"
,Recommended,274290,14519542,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Spork,"ver gud, 8/7, would fail again"
76561198029944853,Recommended,274290,31696432,Posted: 11 May,all,GredoShotFirst77,"Very difficult. Very fun. This games kicks your♥♥♥♥♥so badly it demands that you master it. And once you do, you have a great sense of accomplishment. The characters are interesting and the story is great. The twist and ending were also fantastic.Would highly reccomend this game."
,Recommended,274290,34351158,Posted: 19 August,all,Alemtay,Great Story. Great Style. Great Game. Pretty difficult on original but possible :-)
,Not Recommended,274290,22055039,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,hypeserver,"I really wanted to like this game, but I really didn't. It's not necessarily the game or the developer's fault, but to me it just wasn't fun.When you developer says you'll die a lot in the 'Original' version of the game, they're right.You will die and it will happen a lot.They're not kidding you. When you die you think strategically to try and improve what the previously messed up on.It doesn't work and then you die again. Constantly.That's not the issue with the game though. The dialogue text causes constant eye strain issues, there is a hefty amount of dialogue to click through, and using the right mouse button to skip cutscenes just seems clunky and weird.This game is clearly enjoyable to a lot of people. I, however, am NOT one of those people. Personally, it's not for me. It's slow moving, the story is boring, and it failed to make me want to keep playing."
76561198002754922,Not Recommended,274290,17687569,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Johnford313,"I really wanted to love this one, the graphics are great, the atmosphere and music too.But it is just too damn tedious and, frankly, boring. The gameplay as too much randomness, and is repetitive and not that all engaging."
76561198098389641,Recommended,274290,18141286,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Necro-loli-con,its ok
,Recommended,274290,34892490,Posted: 11 September,all,Nannerpuss,"10/10 would replay 1,000,000 times."
,Recommended,274290,13074006,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Yone,"One of the best game i've played in a while. Sure it's not for everyone , but the story is great , the thrilling is intense, you might wonder why the hell this and that happened. If you're seriously looking for a great game to spend some lonely nights with yourself in a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ hotel far far from your home and the ones you love ( that was my case ) this game will make you forget a little that you miss them. I even had wierd fellings in my stomach at some part of the game.But in honnesty, im terrible at giving reviews , but just give this game a try, wait for a sale if you will, I personnaly payed the full price for it, and even if the game kinda short, I think the good time Gods wil lbe watching gave me in these lonely nights on a terrible laptop, made it worth 60$ to me."
,Recommended,274290,33595575,Posted: 16 July,all,Mr. Kheese™,Takes a few tries19 out of 23.
,Recommended,274290,17188948,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,MrBorn,Masterpiece. Only for 21+
,Recommended,274290,27077590,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[P0D]Botmann(88),"One of the best games I have ever played. Best story, great characters, awesome music, fantastic atmosphere. Never had any problems with difficulty on default settings. Would suggest to everyone!"
,Recommended,274290,16418597,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,@Second_Fry,"Insanely hard old school masterpiece!It really provides you a challenge and you don't really need any archievments over that, but they are included.(easier game modes included also)"
,Recommended,274290,27870187,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,htfeg,"Really good game, nice story."
,Recommended,274290,11409484,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Shotty NoX,"Excellent game, but man, really needs a better checkpoint system. -8/10"
,Recommended,274290,11403841,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Punk Jerusalem,"Seriously guys, get through the chapters, complete the game and then ♥♥♥♥ing talk.The ending explains almost everything; so, for people who are stuck at some point in there, don't blame the game, blame yourself.I read a lot comments of people who are giving up the game because ""it has no checkpoints"", ""it is just resource management and nothing more"", seriously guys?Have you ever thought that 10/15 years ago games were made this way?In conclusion, if you are a ♥♥♥♥♥ that has to complain and argue everything about a game, don't buy it, get your AAA game, enjoy your 6-hours-meaningless-game-experience and spend 50$.If you like cool stories, intricate puzzles, resource management and choices that affect your chances to win, give this game a shot."
,Recommended,274290,19328421,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,%20&amp;%20,god isnt real and neither is this game
,Not Recommended,274290,15068209,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Borracho,"An interesting concept, marred by poor general execution, overly frustrating gameplay design and real shaky dialogue. It could have been something special, but unfortunately it ended up as c-reel material."
,Not Recommended,274290,12754530,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,◂FULSE▸,"I really wanted to love this game but...-ProsCool storyCool graphicsGood puzzle-ConsMusic & SoundsDiscussions between the characters are way too long and it felt like the work of a 6th graderTry, repeat, try, repeat, try, repeat, try, repeat, try...Kinda sad about it after all. I don't recommend at all!"
76561197978495252,Recommended,274290,11451041,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,L etranger,"Behold !As trailer or press showcase this game, this not a point and click, nor and adventure game !It is a reflexion/management/puzzle game. Where you have to manage risk between time and safety.Each level come with different rules and rounds (some rounds also have different rules within the level).You have to read, learn and think (sometime I had to use a notepad to keep note) and act in this nice game.It's like a great poker game with a fancy storyline."
,Recommended,274290,11448157,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,ultimate video gamer 900,"Be it I may not have long on the game, I have still experienced the rideGods Will Be Watching is a fantastic point and click adventure, people give the game a hard time saying that it is too luck based and that you will can't choose where the story goes, yes, most decisions do not have a terrible outcome, a dead member can easily be back in the next chapter, but that is because they are tellng the story in Sgt. Burden's eyes, it is meant to be a story that you give to experience.To the people who tell you the game is bad because it is luck based, just ignore them, this game is based around percentage chance. This makes it both frustrating and rewarding.For example, in one chapter, a man will draw a gun on you and demand information, there is nothing you can do that won't negatively effect you to stop him from shooting, he has 1 shot in a 7 shot reolver, and it is 100% luck, some might call that bad, but I call it excitingIs the game worth $9.99? That is 100% up to you. If you enjoy a good story and a nice challenge, I highly suggest you get this game, of course there are many other $9.99 games you could get instead, but it is just preference."
,Recommended,274290,11434356,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Steve Harvey Oswald,"This one is a doozy. Alright so this game, in my opinion, is pretty freaking good. If i talk about everything i want to talk about this will take too long so lets get into pros and cons: PROS: Decisions that make you wonder if you should do them, interesting scenarios, Nice graphics for pixels. There are a few more but i cannot remember them but i am sure some other reviewer will. (also i would like to point out that i was SO EXCITED FOR THIS GAME, and this is why it pains me to get into the....) CONS: Tediously Repetitive, some scenarios take 50 tries *cough* chapter 2 *cough*, Tough Random Number Generator luck, story weak at some points, story doesnt connect between chapters, sometimes takes too long to do things that should take about 3 seconds when you are clicking around. Overall, i would say its pretty solid, and for 10 dollars, i would say it's worth a try if you liked the Walking Dead or the Wolf Among Us. i give Gods Will be Watching an 8/10."
,Recommended,274290,11514071,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Romantic Sir Ecoboost,"10/10 Gods Will Be Watching is a masterpiece of a story driven resource management and moral decision making game. The game is just challenging enough to keep the game's (intentional) ""repetitiveness"" from ever getting boring. The Steam reviews saying this game is absurdly difficult are completely false, I played the game through in almost six hours on normal in my first playthrough. The story is filled with interesting characters and if you connect the pieces of the puzzle of dialogue and characters together throughout the story your mind will be busy trying to fill in the gaps throughout the whole game. I highly recommend this game to anyone and everyone for the gameplay, mechanics, level design, story, and characters are all superbly executed. My only issue with the game was how no matter what the outcome of the prior mission(s) was, the next mission would play out the same. However, allow me to tell you that if you put aside that complaint until later in the game you may no longer find it to be a complaint; that depends on your interpretation of the story and I can see the argument either way. I hope to see more games of this quality out of Deconstructeam in the future."
76561198017015640,Recommended,274290,11538494,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Finger,"Most reviews are somehow negative, but as for me this game is an example of great pixelart and twisted story makes you want to get to the end. And there♥♥♥♥♥♥gets real....and yes it's like Dark Souls in pixel world."
,Not Recommended,274290,11520162,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Trevor,This is the terribad flappy birds version of what could have been a good narrative game. The amount of frustration is of the aneurysm magnitude.This game looked and sounded so cool. DISSAPOINT.
,Recommended,274290,17530535,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Special Agent Javier Peña,Not for the weak of will. Gods Will Be Watching is a game about making tough decisions while trying to survive.
,Not Recommended,274290,23545987,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Atanih,"Poor playability, repetitive, negative review with actually well written points removed, good art style.10/10(000)"
,Recommended,274290,16090242,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Serial Psycho,I rage quit on narrative mode10/10 makes Dark Souls look like a shake weight
76561198090952219,Not Recommended,274290,29162832,Posted: 10 January,all,ImSchroeder,"I really dislike how modern games treat you like you are not able to get it by yourself, everything needs to be thoroughly explained, and that is just stupid. I love the way some old games used to leave some things open, little mysteries that unfold at the players curiosity and will. But oh boy, how random is this game you ask me? It's REALLY random, you do things that end up in failing the scenarios and you just can't get it why, its so so frustrating you woudn't believe. The artwork is really nice, but no, I would never recommend this. I love the idea of this game, I love puzzles and the sense of accomplishment that comes with it, but even when I get it right I don't really get it why, and to think that that is the foundation where it lies this game, I can't only describe it as: just not fun."
,Recommended,274290,11438386,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Swiper,"This game is difficult. It's meant to be difficult. But I feel it's getting a lot of unecessary flak. One thing it isn't is random, or trial and error. Although clearly you are likely to fail numerous times before finding a solution, that's not the same thing.Without spoiling anything, for the most part you are put in charge of controlling a group in some kind of life or death situation. The key thing is that most of the situations you're in are actually quite deterministic. While there are some random events of differing flavors throughout the various chapters, if you know how the mechanics of the situation work they are generally not a real threat.All of the chapters are unique while still sticking to the basic outline. For me, the heart of the game is figuring out how these different systems work. You are thrown into completely disparate(sic) scenarios, from a data heist to managing a research team. Each situation, however grimdark, ultimately operates on a set of rules that can be understood. Ultimately, you are in control of everything that happens."
76561197997927151,Recommended,274290,11444507,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,nbilyk,"I almost didn't buy this game because of the scathing reviews. If you are unsure of whether or not to get this game, play the free version on Kongregate, the steam version is the same style but many chapters, not just a single scenario. THIS IS NOT A POINT AND CLICK ADVENTURE, it is a resource management game, so it requires some thought. It is not entirely trial and error,   the scenarios are legitimate puzzles as to how you properly balance your actions.The mini version of this game on kongregate got 4/5 starshttp://www.kongregate.com/games/GreyShock/gods-will-be-watching?acomplete=gods+will+be+waThat's about what I'd rate the steam game, so worth the $10 IMO."
,Not Recommended,274290,13617854,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Talby,"A frustrating exercise in trial and error and luck based gameplay. The visuals and music are excellent, but the mediocre story and horrible gameplay kill this game."
,Recommended,274290,11525444,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Paxie,Point and click dark souls.Graphics and hardcore nature will drive off most of the casuals doe.Dont listen to dem scrubs buy it play it enjoy it .Gods will be watching master race adventure vidya
76561198003064944,Recommended,274290,11502396,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Smooth McDongle,"[MINOR SPOILERS}We all know that most games have:- A way to lose- (More or less) unlimited retriesIn the real world you don't get the unlimited retries. If you screw up and take a bullet in the head, game over for good. For my money this game has broken new ground in very cool ways. If you can make it to the end and have an open mind I can't see you at the *very* least finding this was well worth $10. In my case I see a really cool, (mostly) unexplored area of games. Yeah it won't appeal to everyone, but the people that latch on to this REALLY latch onto it.After playing the game through a good 3 or 4 times the storyline makes SO much more sense even right from the get-go. It basically starts to form a coherent timeline because the infinite restarts, skipping to different scenarios etc just sort of fit into the universe they've written.It's a very well written ""Stressful Scenario"" game that tells a pretty great story, has some awesome music and art, and some really memorable characters. It suffers from some admittedly serious bugs (which have been/are currently being fixed), and the marketing should have been more specific. They haven't said anything wrong about the game in the advertising, but it's such a new type of game that they could have been more specific and mentioned the resource management aspect in a bigger way.Hopefully that's a fair assessment. Suffice to say I thought the ending was great, although the road (narratively speaking) is bumpy on the way to the resolution until it makes sense. Maybe bumpier than it could have been8/10"
76561198009220571,Not Recommended,274290,19980178,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,modreap,"I like this game.I really like the story they told.However, it brings me to this question: If there is a difficulty on which ""the game is meant to be played"" should you judge the game based on that difficulty?If you said yes: this review stays negative.If you said no: this review turns positive.One warning if you decide to take the game the way it was meant to be played (and the main reason this review is negative) : You literally cannot beat the game the way it was meant to be played if you have never been lucky."
,Not Recommended,274290,11667608,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,oh dang,it might be the best game ever but I wouldn't know because it's unplayably buggy and crash prone.
,Not Recommended,274290,12635942,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Gunpuppy,"I'm all for hard games.As long as the game is based on skill or rules, not on luck.This game is not one of those games.I had been anticipating Gods Will be Watching for a while; it looked like an interesting premise. I'm a fan of narrative-driven games, and this one looked very promising.However, the ""normal"" mode kills it. Completely.And anyone who says the game is not luck-based is wrong; my first try of my first load of the game, I get the quintessential ""game over"" screen without having done a single thing (The data was blocked/corrupted). How can I lose a game without having even played it? A failure state is a requirement for a game, but interaction to achieve said failure state is also pretty much a given.I restarted the game in ""light"" mode, taking away the ""chance"" mechanic (come on guys, even the developer says it's based on chance...). Even then, mechanics are uneven and the game is extremely unforgiving. Rules change every level... I made it to level 3, but then, I wondered ""What's the point?"".I will most likely restart the game in narrative mode, so I can experience the story... because that's what drove me to this game in the first place.The first game from Devolver Digital that I played, Always Sometimes Monsters, was amazing. It gave me great hopes for this game, being by the same guys essentially. But quickly, I found out that it wasn't what I thought it would be. And I was unfortunately disappointed (I've been happily surprised before with a few games...).All in all, if you like games of chance or rogue-likes (like FTL, which is superior but still not for me), it'll be right up your alley.If you are looking for a good narrative, it might be your thing.If you are looking for a game of pure skill, pass.All I know is that it's not for me."
,Not Recommended,274290,12646824,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Frosty,"This game is completely ridiculous, the very first scene you're thrown into situation where you don't understand the mechanics, there's no assistance, guidance or explanation as to what is happening and you're left to work it out yourself. About 20 attempts later and you'll be left frustrated and irratated at the extremely bad game design. I would not recommend this game to anyone, what a total waste of money."
76561198000958871,Not Recommended,274290,12633661,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Cannon Fodder,"Garbage.It's all the frustration (and then some) of FTL, and none of the enjoyment.It's less ""point and click"" and more ""choose random options to see what works,"" meanwhile none of the options make sense.For example, in a torture scene you have an option to lie to the torturer (which is always >40% chance of succeeding...) and you can never seem to muster up a good lie...apparently it's hard to come up with a convincing fake name...?The odds start stacked against, which wouldn't be so bad if the story was interesting from the start, and the options had some logic to them. Even when you try to find some rhyme to the games logic it will change the rules on you. For example it the beginning you need to keep some enemies at bay, if they get too close they lob a grenade it at'cha....despite the 4 hostages RIGHT THERE. Well silly me, I thought that when they reached the door they'd do it, and in 3 tries, they did...so I learned, keep them away from the door, but then, 75% through hacking with hostages still left, they decided to lob one in from halfway down the hallway. Totally fair.If you enjoy being frustrated, and the game is only $5, go for it, but this isn't worth it, even on sale."
76561198043297588,Not Recommended,274290,20224010,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,angeredcheesecake,"So there i was expecting to get to play this game. i have windows 10, on an alienware x17. now im looking at the loading screen and it was sitting there for 15 minutes. Then i click on it it makes a beeping noise. no change in the loading screen. then i click again, it makes another beeping noise and the loading screen dissapears. im now at a blank (all black screen) and nothing is happening, just the noise of a crackling fire. nothing. nada... so i write to the customer support line... nothing. That was 2 weeks ago... nothing back yet. so im discouraging you from getting this game as it stands. if they write me back to help resolve this issue, ill change my review. till then its a negative. no support and game wiont work.0/10"
76561198115181261,Not Recommended,274290,23546516,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,i wanna win a soccer game,"I was misled by the game's advertising by thinking you could use different tactics to beat each level and that your choices mattered.  I was wrong.  If you don't do it the exact way the game wants you to it isn't even worth trying to complete it in different ways.  And even when you DO carry out the actions the game wants you to, there is repetitive and monotonous gameplay and micromanaging that makes this game unenjoyable along with the fact that you can be doing perfect and some RNG bullcrap comes out of nowhere and you all die.  I honestly couldnt even make it past the second chapter I hated the monotony of this game so much. 2/10 simply because the artwork is interesting."
,Not Recommended,274290,16366743,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,perrin,Lousy. Read any of the top rated negative comments.  They explain why it's so awful far better than I can.
,Not Recommended,274290,16159049,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,BørneSnupperen,"Man ♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥ i played a chapter where i was 15 minutes in and died because the chance of russian roulette, and then i have to start ALL ♥♥♥♥ING OVER? just to play for 15 minutes and die to a 1/6 chance again? ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,274290,17593667,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Mehdi,"This game is brutal. Just as the game tells you in the beginning, you are going to die a lot.However, it's worth it. The story is fantastic, and the difficult, rage inducing gameplay makes it all that much more addictive.BE SURE TO PLAY THE DLC, or you will miss out.Only two downsides to this game is a lack of voice acting, as there is a ton of dialogue. Also, I wish there were hot keys, since clicking everything can get tedius."
76561198093617601,Recommended,274290,11457572,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,PlatypusMilk,yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaavv
76561198027679936,Recommended,274290,11455397,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,BE617,"This is a great game. I love RPGs like this, the moral dilemmas, the choices, the characters, the story, everything is great."
,Recommended,274290,11443434,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Garris,"This game is not for everyone. That should be made very clear. Play the prototype first, and it will at least help you get a better idea of what you're getting into. At first glance, the game looks like a point-and-click adventure, which it is definitely not. I haven't exactly decided what to call it yet, but go into the game with as few expectations as possible, and you may find yourself enjoying whatever this game is. It's a very unique experience at the very least."
76561198010237924,Recommended,274290,11493479,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Kanto the Jester,a good ol' point and click where time is your enemy and anything can go wrong.Will you the reader sacrfice one to save them all?
,Recommended,274290,11545510,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Willster5556,"This is a great game and well done EXCEPT the second level in the interrogation mission. The second mission there is way too much randomness and its pure luck as to whether or not you complete it. It took me hours to get through it because the the random factor and it became frustrating.Other than that, great game, great story. I can appreciate what the developer was going for and hope they do well with other titles."
,Not Recommended,274290,14967144,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Mikey Slaps,"So while I like the concept the levels are fairly hard to get through.  You'll find yourself repeating the level over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over.That's what it feels like to play the game.Aside from that the graphics, music and play style are all awesomely retro."
,Not Recommended,274290,22836291,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Paraplex,total waste of time
76561198046344241,Not Recommended,274290,28650054,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Helgis,Interesting game but way to difficult to the point where dying becomes boring. Check out Northerlion's playthrough instead if you're still interested.
,Recommended,274290,22899525,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,ushie-onlineafter 24.06.18,This game is hard as ♥♥♥♥.10/10 would die again.
,Recommended,274290,16441587,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Big Trader,"Its great,especially if u like to playing russian roulette"
,Recommended,274290,12005170,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Canadian Bunny,Ermahgurd this game. This game is on my top five list for favorite games ever. It's just SOOOOOO AMAZING AND STUFF. ITS A MUST PLAY LIKE TOATS MGOATS. Im SERIOUS
,Recommended,274290,11488389,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Aumas,There are still things that bug me...
76561198041772021,Not Recommended,274290,16391514,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,DeLonghi 4 Slicer Red,"I and a few other people bought the game duiring the sale. I was really excited, and wanted to really play the game, I started it, and it went to a black screen and crashed. I could find no solutions that worked for me and everyone is saying I'm pretty much screwed. I really want to play this to give it a thumbs up, but until it actually works, its a thumbs down."
,Not Recommended,274290,13907526,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Harcile,"This game has promise. I didn't play much, but found the experience so unrewarding that I almost feel like I'd be suffering if I were to pick it up again and had no desire to use a guide.After a lengthy intro you are dumped in this hostage taking situation. You're given almost no cues. Stuff just happens. It is a trial and error type affair, but that's just not fun. Clicking different things and getting no feedback just doesn't do anything for me. You have a guy stood at a box watching the guards, but no feedback from him. You have to prompt him but for what? You give him orders but you get no feedback on what said orders have accomplished. Either the guards come or they don't, I guess. Then you get to try again. It's all a bit... ""figure out this scenario... but we won't give you hints.""After losing 5 or 6 times I quickly decided this game wasn't for me. It's not the losing - hell, one of my favourite games is 'Iter Vehemens ad Necem' - but the lack of any clues or useful feedback on the gameplay. I think the issue is, if they were to include that kind of thing then the game would be over too quickly because the scenarios probably boil down to quite simplistic number games of cat and mouse. So they extend the gameplay by making you guess until you hit the right combination to survive the scenario. I guess that's no fun for me."
,Not Recommended,274290,12008036,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Patches,"Basically, the game in it's original format/difficulty is just a painful puzzle not worth bothering with. It's difficult without being engaging... When you fail you go back to the beginning of a chapter, forcing you to repeat/rethink your steps all over again. It's simply not fun. You can play with reduced difficulty, but ultimately it's a lot of the same. You'll make it a little further, but a misstep will send you back. It's a bit like having to deal with unskippable cutscenes in games... You already know what happens and you just wanna move on with the game.Anyway, the game was quite disappointing. It's more of a torture experience than a game."
,Recommended,274290,21575346,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Apostle The Fraud,"I'd like to thank the Ku Klux Klan for killing all of my people in a bid to purify the world of all the lesser races. I want to give a shoutout to stormfront for teaching me that It's ok to inbreed because it keeps the race strong and pure. A special big ups to Josef Mengele teaching me that no matter the cost, be it man, woman, or child, results are all that matter, and how you obtain them makes no difference. Finally but not least, I'd like to thank /po/ for always being there for me when I feel down and out, they always remind me that my people, and many other races are inferior to the superiority of the master race. The master race should be acredited to all the technological and medical advances of the world. We should exterminate not only the lesser races, race traitors and dissenters, but also the weak and defective humans who serve no purpose but to be a leech on society. I want to effectively renounce being a person of dignity and empathy for my fellow-man, and welcome my true place on this planet. So I will be working in the fields and being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on the down low by both men and women, until I serve no more purpose in life, and finally be disposed of like the trash that I am.Thank you, thanks all of you. I've never felt this useful in years! I'm glad I have a purpose now. Thank you Jewish people and survivors of the holocaust, now I know how alive and loved you felt while being experimented on and worked to death.Or you know, all of you ♥♥♥♥ing racist and less than human ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s can go repent your sins to your god, because forgiveness is what you should seek even though you deserve none."
,Recommended,274290,11854626,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Beastie Boys,42069666911/10 Would get everyone killed again.
76561198097109341,Not Recommended,274290,17850439,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,gfthomas,That's hard man.  Tough game.
76561198053891302,Recommended,274290,11959287,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Jaxe,"You could save jack. You should pick Provoke when you trying save your buddy and only the provoking guy is beating. Begging works when you almost dead and you bleed. Then you may get some health. ""THINK"" makes your lies better. And confess is a confess. When you sold out every informations... well you're ♥♥♥♥ed. When you asking Liam for something, he going to look for it and give it to you next night.﻿"
,Not Recommended,274290,13404717,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,.:(snake412):.,"Gods Will be Watching is something with so much polish and narrative detail - that you desperately want to like it. It's sadly however not a good game once you scratch away at it's nice shiny surface. The universe that it creates is interesting, the character's captivating, the narrative flow is very well executed - and feels almost movie like. This has all the hallmarks of a piece of media that has been very lovingly crafted and meticulously thought out.All this means however, is that it should have been a visual novel - something not completely lost on the developers you'd imagine given that they have since added a 'story mode' since the original release. The gameplay; the bread and butter of anything part of this medium is simply not enjoyable. It takes the form of mini-games relating to a certain scenario in the story; a heist, an interrogation etc. All you do, again and again is manage resources over a time period.Take the 1st level for instance. You're in a heist scenario and you have to intimidate hostages, shoot at security guards and maintain a network link all while another character tries to hack into important data. You click a button and one of the 3 'resources' that you are tasked with dealing with goes up, the others deplete. There is some intelligence to it, some actions that you can do don't use up a moment of time - in other words you can do as many of them as you want and resources won't get affected (as no time has passed theoretically).There is no variation in the gameplay, it's all the same level after level. Added to this it has a very double edged 'luck' element that punishes even the most skilled of players seemingly randomly. My recommendation is that you may want to consider buying this when on sale, but only do story mode. Play it the way it should have implemented from the beginning!Story -- 10/10Gameplay -- 2/10"
76561197983088879,Recommended,274290,28553962,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,kbraloca,"Genial aventura gráfica al estilo pixel, donde tienes que tomar decisiones difíciles. La historia te atrapa y el sietema de juego, aunque complicado al principio, engancha. Muy recomendable."
76561198044361905,Not Recommended,274290,20551489,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Lucidly Awake,"This is not what you think it is, it is not a game based on morality, it isn't a choice game, it's a resource managment game. This isn't even a really good game either, there aren't very clear instructions, it seems to have parts that are luck based, your choices don't do much."
,Recommended,274290,13192944,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,davidincostamesa,
76561198001530298,Not Recommended,274290,16376038,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,spook,"I've never given a game a poor review before. I actually enjoyed the browser based version of this game I played a couple years ago, so I was excited to have the opportunity to support the devs. But this is just all screwed up. The difficulty level is so jacked up, the requirements so specific, that the player is forced to resort to walkthrough to simply advance in the game, with no room for creativity or discovery on the part of the player.Add to that overwrought political dialog, and unnecessary and combersome ploy developments, this thing just doesn't work. I hope the devs will continue forward, and make something playable, because I think there was an interesting an idea at the core of this one.Your mileage might very, but I would recommend against."
76561198088537619,Not Recommended,274290,32056723,Posted: 29 May,all,AlmostLethal,Worst story line ever + hardest difficulty of all games ever = something only a god would watch
76561198029981955,Not Recommended,274290,25725914,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,cosurgi,"I bought game at 75% discount. I played 3 chapters. Started the third one, and maybe will finish it sometime, if I find find time for it. The game is emotionally rather interesting, the idea is sort of brilliant. The realisation is not good enough. The puzzles are getting repetitive and boring, there is no real influence over the outcome, despite illusion of having that influence. In the end I don't think the game was worth the money I paid for it.pros:+ invokes interesting emotions in player, brilliant idea+ engages a little in the plotcons:- boring puzzles- there is only a single plot path, without any forks possible whatsoever- after you stop being emotional about current affairs in the game, it gets really boring.suggestions:* each chapter should have at minimum 2 different possible outcomes best if it had 4 or more. Leading to different scenarios in next chapter. I mean: 4 different outcomes in chapter 1 lead to 4 different versions of chapter 2 - eg. they happen in different places. Thus making about 64 different endings in the game after chapter 6. BTW: did you play Stanley parable, you should learn from that game - about possible endings.* make puzzles less boring and more engaging. Clicking this and that repetatively in chapter 1, made me think about how simpler it would become if I just wrote a macro that would click for me."
76561198063267320,Recommended,274290,11827045,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Midas,"So first of all - Is Gods Will Be Watching a good game?Yes.Does it have good gameplay mechanics?YesIs it fun?Brutally so.Does it have a good story?Not a great narrative, but I saw myself getting into it.Good character development?If you spend time reading and paying attention to the game, I'd say yes. For instance, I got rather attached to Jack in a bros-to-the-end kind of fashion.Moral Choices?Only if you care about what's going on in the story and the game, or if you care about the characters.For instance, in the classic level, you're faced with surviving in a hostile environment, but hunger is at an all time high. Do you carry on trying to survive, clinging onto any form of hope, or do you succumb to cannibalism, or even eat your own dog?In another example (since people seemed to disagree), a soldier has a disability of having one leg and is slowing down the group significantly - Do the best for the group and put him down? Or fight on?When I saw this game originally, I was absolutely amazed and didn't hesitate to buy it. Needless to say, I wasn't disappointed. It's an absolute beautiful, stressing, harsh and great experience, all at once. You play as Sgt Burden a hardened war hero known as a legend amongst his own, and you are faced with many survival situations - From taking a lead role in a hostage situation, to being tortured, or having to survive the harsh wilderness, moral choice over well being of yourself takes a lead role in this charming, pixelated art style game. Will you shoot the hostage in the leg to scare the others? will you fire at the guards to make them back up? Will you force on the suffering and possibly death of your friend so that you may live?Gods Will Be Watching presents itself in a very good way, in a way that can be understood quickly, as long as you pay attention, I understood the gameplay mechanics very easily and found myself very quickly addicted to it. I was kind of shocked to see the amount of negative reviews this game got, so I knew I had to post this review to spread the truth of this."
,Not Recommended,274290,19819604,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Synapse,"First level is waaay too hard and it gets much much easier after that.   Game can be completed in less than 5 hours and thus the only reason I could $10 for it is because that's how much it would have cost to rent it at a blockbuster and that's all you should do with this game. Rent it.  I feel bad for the people who bought the collector's edition.The game's major selling point is the story, which was moderately interesting, I'll give it that. But again, for $10 you could just buy a book and get something highly interesting instead. The game doesn't really feel like a game so much as a way to facilitate the story, and the story is not worth $10.I mean, don't get me wrong, if you're rich and have money to spare go for it. Buy it and play it and forget about it cuz $10 is a drop in the bucket to you, but the average person has no business spending $10 on this when they could get so much more out of something else for the same price.Biggest reason for my negative review is incoming, with MAJOR SPOILER ALERT IF YOU CONTINUE READING.So. Yeah it was an alright story. Alright. Not great, not amazing, not compelling, it was alright. And then at the end they went and poopoo'd on your parade by taking the literary suicide copout of ""It was all just a dream.""  ... It wasn't a dream, but every time you die in game your character ACTUALLY dies canonically in the story. Your death is PART of the story, restarting is PART of the story.  Because the main character is stuck in a time loop.Ever see that movie with Tom Cruise where he gets infected by some alien thing and resets to a save point every time he dies?  Don't. It's bad.   But that's basically what's happening here.The main character has to relive every event between point A and point B every time he dies, always starting at A.At the ""end"" of the game you jump in a black hole and go back in time and also infect yourself with... some sort of.. timey wimey disease that was really not elaborated on at all.so the end of the game is just a ""it was all just a dream/recurrence"" copout. Your decisions in the game have no impact whatsoever, no matter what you do the main character is going to go through the exact same sequence of events over and over, sometimes dying earlier (like when you were struggling on first mission) sometimes making it to the end of the full circuit (like when you beat the game and jump in the wormhole.)In summation, the story uses a literary tool which equates to ""and it was all just a dream"" at the very end of the story. This invalidates the story. The story is about 85% of the selling point of this ""game"" (I'd argue it's more of a choose your own adventure story than a game) ...   So the ending invalidates 85% of this ""game"" entirely.$10 for a story that is invalidated by its ending.  I'm really glad I got this one on sale. I don't understand how it got such positive reviews.Good day."
,Not Recommended,274290,13626017,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Bentiem,This game was definitely not what I thought it would be. I uninstalled it and won't be going back.
,Not Recommended,274290,33778403,Posted: 24 July,all,linktheoriginal,"Disclaimer - I lost patience with this game in chapter 2, after two playthroughs.I really wanted to like this game.  I love the pixel art, and the setting + writing is good for an adventure game in this price range.  However, the randomization factor (RNG) is so badly implemented that I can't recommend playing it on anything other than puzzle mode (no RNG).  After playing for a while, I think they may have accidentally implemented a flat RNG instead of a bell curve (or something else with too much variance).  When every decision has a high importance of success, don't use a low variance RNG.Unfortunately, they also dropped some important game elements in puzzle mode which make the game clearly worse.  For example, one of the options in chapter 2 is missing, and it also removes the use of an option when it's not at 100%, even though it may list a very high chance of success.When playing on puzzle mode, the other issues, such as lack of player feedback, start to show more clearly.  Having to restart a 20+ minute section because a puzzle element had a fail counter that's not clearly expressed to the player is frustrating.  There are also instances of very low percentages of success with no ability for the player to increase them.  If the player cannot affect an outcome, don't make the outcome result in the player losing their time and having to replay it.I think this game has a lot of potential, and while I wish I had the patience to deal with the poor mechanics, I'd rather just go play something better.  If you're a student of gaming, this is an excellent case study in how badly designed encounter mechanics can ruin an otherwise great game.Despite the other feedback I've read, I don't think there can be a 'git gud' at a game that relies so heavily on RNG."
,Not Recommended,274290,18498845,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,h0tsp4ce,Meh. I never got into it.
,Recommended,274290,11704408,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,THe,It almost feels like I'm playing a turn-based sierra game
76561198035366155,Not Recommended,274290,15461532,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,ScorpionWasp,"I really like the concept, I like the art style, I like the theme, but the problem is that the game is unbelievably dishonest in the challenges it proposes. It presents you with a risk management scenario and have you devise a plan to crack it. Then midway through it changes the rules just because, and you fail. Even though you fulfilled the original goals. Sometimes it makes narrative sense - even if it's infuriating gameplay wise - but later on the game doesn't even bother to keep the pretense. At one point you're tasked with researching an antidote in 24 hours or everyone dies. It consists of cracking a 3 digit code out of a possible 5, your scientists inform you, and managing a myriad resources to meet that deadline. You devise a plan to meet that deadline. You meet it. Then your scientists inform you they ""forgot to mention"", you actually have to crack a second 4 digit number in the remaining time. Of course you don't make it in time and have to restart, now with your prescient knowledge of how the game intends to cheat you this time. Please. If you're gonna ♥♥♥♥ me like that, at least provide a believable, sensible reason other than ""the scientists forgot to tell you, their lives on the line and everything"". The interface doesn't even help. One of the subjects you can theoretically test antidotes on is a dog, and naturally you wonder if that's a viable option. The option to inject him with the experimental vaccine is there in the menu. The scientists are in the room with you. You should be able to ask them about that, correct? You can't. So you go and inject it anyway, and then when you try to analyze his blood, nothing happens. No message, nothing (other than a very helpful ""woof"". Yeah, that answers everything I needed to know). In short, the game isn't fair, and it appears to actually take pride in how infuriatingly cheap it is."
76561198037584410,Recommended,274290,16044660,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Mr. Chelnoque,"Ну я конечно давно еще с♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ил и прошел, но вот теперь всё-таки решил купить, длц и скидочка там, вся ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥я.Ну вощим чето в этом во всём есть, дух такойНо только посередине два-три тупых уровня, которые портят общее впечатлениеА без них четкоЧеткоВ детей пострелять"
,Recommended,274290,30070262,Posted: 20 February,all,theBrost,"A 1,000 word review of Gods Will be Watching,Gods Will Be Watching: You Fail Your Allies, Lose to Your Enemies, and Run Out of Water in A Deserthttp://awkwardmixture.blogspot.com/2016/11/gods-will-be-watching-you-fail-your.html"
,Recommended,274290,11482374,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,AlexKrelin,Live. Make a horrible decision with cruel concequences. Get your entire crew killed. Get 4 000 000 000 people killed. Die. Repeat.
,Not Recommended,274290,11517373,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Fourl,i want a refund
,Recommended,274290,11411767,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,KeenDreams,"I have only managed to get past episode 1 on EASY. It's a really great game so far with an amusing soundtrack. So far it's been challenging my patience: This game isn't for the impatient, just a warning. The developers have truly pushed the envelope regarding ""minimalistic"" pixel art. Mind you, this is coming from a lover of Hugo's House of Horrors and King's Quest. This game isn't for anyone, but I'm digging it so far!**Edit**Keep playing. Episode 2 and 3 are incredible. I will not lie, this isn't really based on moral decisions so much as heavily resource managed."
,Recommended,274290,11413616,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,ZombieMesh,"I've seen a lot of complaints about the game, one of the most notable being that this wasn't the game they were expecting.As someone who played the flash demo before the game was release, I'd say this is exactly the game they advertised and showed. This isnt a cute visual novel where you make choices and sometimes bad things happen. This is a time and recource managment game thats thick with story and character. If that's not your cup of tea, turn around now.As for the difficultly, yes, it is very VERY hard. I never even beat the demo. I played the first chapter on Original difficulty (there are two difficulties: Original and Easy). After failing 5 times I switched to Easy. Easy isn't exactly easy, but it tones down the difficulty enough that it's beatable to me. It's still difficult, mind you, but not EXTREME MEGA DIFFICULTY OF DEATH.I do see the complaints about the artifical difficulty that comes with the exessive use of chance and sometimes unfair luck. This game uses percentages and chance a lot, which often times ends up with the feeling of unfairness. 1-7 chance of being shot BAM DEAD. 82% chance you'll suceed HAHA FAILED. It can get frustrating, and I felt some segments were unfair (a.i the randomly generated desert in Ch.5 that can lead you into a dead end and screw you over), but it didn't ruin the game for me. It also added a bit on tension. I really did start praying to the so called Gods of the game during the russian roulette segment.The story and characters are great. You can really feel their delema and start to maybe care for them. Even if you don't feel an emotional attachment to the characters and their plight, you do become attached to them due to the fact you NEED them and their set of skills. I don't like Donald, but I need him to repair the robot after the poor guy damages himself charging the batteries. If Donald, if ANYONE dies, the game gets significantly harder. Everyone is usefulThis game is tense and unforgiving and mean, but its a hell of a ride and the story and characters are great. I recomend it, maybe just not to everyone."
,Recommended,274290,11413585,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,structural dmg,"I preordered this game because of a friend and I don't regret it, despite diving head on into a game that I barely knew about. Honestly, this is a beautiful game in my opinion. It partially relies on luck, but it's also based on what you choose. Example: High percentage of this happening, then it probably will happen.. I've had things fail on me before at a 90% success rate. :( That's just unlucky, but still very fun.It's a very fun game because there's so many different things you CAN do. So many options to browse, and you have to think these things out carefully to progress. The beginning might be a bit tedious because it's where you learn everything, and pick up on the mechanics. It throws you straight into the game without instructions, so you might have to bear with that.It is a beautiful game due to the soundtrack and art style. It's a great point and click adventure game with an interesting story as well. :DIf you have the patience to play a game, an interest in the art + style + story + soundtrack, then sure. I would say go for it and absolutely buy it!!"
76561198042563547,Recommended,274290,11414068,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,chugabolt,This is worth it. Such a complex game to play. :)
,Recommended,274290,11414357,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Chrono,"In today's Steam Review collection, people base their purchasing decisions on trailers and blurbs, and get upset that the game they imagined might exist is not in fact the game that does. People get pissy about how they backed something that they didn't realize was a survival simulation game despite the publically available and linked to original Ludum Dare concept game being a survival simulation game. And, a personal favorite, people hate hard games for being hard.To understand if you'll like Gods Will Be Watching, you need to play Gods Will Be Watching. The original game, I mean:http://www.deconstructeam.com/en/gods-will-be-watching/If you enjoyed that, you'll enjoy the full release. If you didn't enjoy that, and felt it was too much micromanagement, or you were incapable of recognizing the animation cues, or understanding the systems in play surrounding 'chance', or if you felt it was too hard and unforgiving by not letting you succeed and forcing you to sometimes start over because of a combination of bad luck and bad management...Well, it's not for you, then. Don't purchase, and move on. It's a very love it or hate it game, but at least be informed what you're getting into."
,Recommended,274290,11406544,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Butters,"I think that you have to be very patient with this game. It is a lot of trial and error and in some places luck based. This is not a game for everyone. I'll admit, i got angry at this game a lot. But when you final beat  a chapter that you have been working on for awhile, you feel very accomplished. If you don't like trial and error, then this game is not for you. I would have to give this a 7/10. It isn't a bad game but with the luck based parts, it makes it more difficult then it has to be."
,Recommended,274290,11414256,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,ShadowTheCoyote,"I have to say, I see where the negative reviews are coming from. Original mode is balls-out hard; pure and simple. It is harsh, brutal, and unforgiving; an apt description of the game at large as well. However, it is very thoughtful and stressful, every decision having consequences both immediate and delayed. I feel that maybe people were offput, thinking it a similar game to Superbrothers' Sword and Sworcery (another phenomenal game I highly recommend), but it is not a simple game like that was; you must manage everything on screen, or failure WILL occur. Once again, I feel this is actually a strong plus, going in the vein that your choices ultimately culminate, for ill or good. Another thing I can see rubbing people the wrong way is that the game gives you zero insight into what to do. It does not tell you what to do with hostages, how they're doing, etc. You have to watch their demeanor, their way of speaking and tone of voice, etc. Once again, this is not an easy game by any means, but It does make you think if you are making the correct decisions, and whether you could have done something different. Granted, I have only passed the first chapter as of this writing (after changing it to easy, admittedly), but so far I am eager to see what else happens."
,Recommended,274290,11458829,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Jeremy Stolfi,I am digging the game. Been playing it about an hour and still cant beat the first level. Thats always a good sign!!!
,Recommended,274290,31264730,Posted: 20 April,all,treeeeeeeeees,Most of the negative reviews are from people who couldnt make it past the first mission (look at their hours)
,Recommended,274290,11460724,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Endoplasmicreticulum,"Here is link of PROTOTYPE of chapter 4:http://www.deconstructeam.com/games/gods-will-be-watching/(UI is not finished and it has no animations in this prototype and many more details is not valid that is in the game)This games idea was an outcome of a gamejam. I was played that prototype and liked it. Although it is hard, it is interesting to discover. In this game Puzzle have a formula and you have to understand how it works to solve it, but formula of puzzle is never stable. There are a lot of random input (in and out of your control) and outcome's of these inputs. You will be asking a lot to yourself; what will happen if do this or that. Game doesn't give you a chance to get hold on to it if you make mistakes. Simply says: ""Try again.""Art style is remarkable, I'm not a artist or such but I really loved these pixel world. On the other hand what a minus could be is story. It is interesting but not exciting."
,Recommended,274290,11428481,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Brutal Rob,"This game is very challenging, ""it's the dark souls of point and click"" but other then that it's a very good game all your decisions matter. the story is short-ish but still the gameplay is challenging like i said up there but it's very addictive i pre-orderd this game and it's worth the price if not more but a nice editon to your libary"
76561198049770487,Recommended,274290,11443993,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Chronokitty,"One of the best strategy games I almost didn't buy.The amount of negative and quasi-positive feedback for Gods Will Be Watching is unprecedentedly large, for this being such an enjoyable game to me. Everything in the trailer tells me that this will be pixelated fun like Maniac Mansion and it will be hard like Dark Souls and I'll have to figure out the method to win every level like Dark Souls or The Fall. After playing this game I realize that is exactly what I got.Yes, the game is hard. They will not spoon feed you the answers like so many point and click adventures. You have to figure out each chapter’s puzzle, which are different. Refreshingly different in fact, as there is little information you can take from one chapter to the next that will help you. I played the first chapter 10 times, before I understood I would need to stop trying to brute force my decisions and really think about each action I was taking. Once I figured that out I breezed through the remaining chapters, several of which I beat first try. And that is the secret to every chapter. Make every action count. I had to pull out my trusty notepad and map out a level, or jot down reactions to my actions on a first run through. I made sure to take every opportunity to take free actions that gave me more information about my situation.Gods Will Be Watching is a refreshing change of pace that gives expert gamers a run for their money and forces you to learn how to play the game wel. If you are easily frustrated when you lose, then this game is not for you. Although if frustration and restarting a level emboldens you and forces you to become a better player, then this is one of the few games out there that does just that.- ChronoKitty"
,Recommended,274290,11458761,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Keshanii,I've really enjoyed playing this game. It has a fairly compelling story and the point and click scenario game play is great. This game is a serious challenge if you play it on Original mode and try to get the achievements. Actually I recommend you challenge yourself to figure out how to complete the Chapters in different ways on Original mode and you will get a lot of replay value out of this gem. You will fail but another review hit the nail on the head... its like a point and click Dark Souls. Very satisfying when you finally complete Chapters! Do it!
,Not Recommended,274290,13471272,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Pupu(Doc),"i wish i could play this game, but apparentely the developers don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the players, i can't even launch the game it just goes to a black screen and then to a white screen, the game seems awesome, but i think paying for a game that you won't play is not worth it."
,Recommended,274290,13784551,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Geri Halliwell,The only reason to buy this game - just to listen to the bonfire sounds in main menu when game is minimized.
,Not Recommended,274290,13677140,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Tartrazine,"Wow, this game is impressively boring. I avoided looking into this game too much to avoid spoiling the plot, but if I had seen just how boring the gameplay is, I never would have bought it. You play as a manager. Aside from the extremely dark tone, this game plays like you're managing a fast food franchise. Have Bob work the grill, Susan on cash, etc. Oops, there's a mess in the bathroom, so pull Tibor off the fryer and have him clean it up. And this was on the easy difficulty where there's much less chance to get forced to restart the level because of a bad die roll! I was hoping for hilarious evil options like in KOTOR, and there's some of that (the pixel art animations for people who are stressed out are funny) but mostly it's just silly."
,Recommended,274290,12622150,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Disruptor,extremely difficult but very appealing game :D
,Recommended,274290,12607994,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Talus,HNNNNNNGGGG YES
,Recommended,274290,11479610,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Talzion,"Based on the short in-browser game of the same name, Gods Will Be Watching is a strategy game, and can be difficult at some times, wich is good, and the fact that you fail is important to learn to play the game. It's a bit short, only about 6-8 hours depending on how well you do on your first tries.The soundtrack is amazing, and the visual style I find very appealing for such a simplistic pixelated graphic design.The storyline is pretty straightforward, but I found the plot amazing and very inventive, however maybe not that easy if you didn't follow the story in the game.I like it, but it's not a game for everybody. It can get frustrating if you spent 45 minutes on a chapter and fail with the finishing line in sight, but it gets very well integrated into the plot.The only sore spot for me is the fact that it is too short. The story gets finished and such, but with only 7 chapters in total, I think it could be much more, because the mechanics, visuals and soundtrack are amazing."
,Not Recommended,274290,13283145,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Ser Zzroar,"Too hard, simple as that. Not in the way of a challenge but more in the way of how fast can you click an option and keep numbers ticked up.Would only recommend if you enjoy monotonous activities and trial and error as that is all this game is."
,Recommended,274290,23431419,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,chop_robot808,This game is
,Recommended,274290,16156628,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,20 см в лежаке,ат души 11/10
,Not Recommended,274290,31563825,Posted: 5 May,all,SHOCKCABLE,"HorriblePoint and click yourself to sleep or death.I for one love a good point and click. Yet, this is just horrible.Go through a torture scene..Hope you pick the right answer over and over till you get bored.Find out there is a  guy actually that can help you,he doesn't help you for♥♥♥♥♥♥..Bored..I'm done trying and now uninstalling.I tried for the benefit of the doubt twice, with this game.Back to the uninstall and forgotten pile with this.Pros:Point and click adventurePixel graphicsCons:Poorly executed storyline and♥♥♥♥♥♥chances of a good choiceOVERALL:2/10"
,Recommended,274290,12623526,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Abnormally Juicy,PLAY NARRATIVE IF YOU DONT WANNA GET YOUR♥♥♥♥♥KICKED. DA STORI.
,Not Recommended,274290,12634299,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Hookman,"Game full of bugs. Even in non random mode there are random elements. Can't save game during chapter. If you fail, you'll have to click each dialog again and again..."
,Recommended,274290,12620583,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Glass Tiger,"I loved this game! It turns out that I've always wanted to play this kind of game and didn't know it. It is extremely difficult and I wouldn't recommend it for everyone, but the difficulty definitely plays in to the anxiety (I played it on the original difficulty, it may be more 'digestable' on one of the easier modes). I cut it really close on most of the missions and the chance factors that play into the game really put you on edge and perhaps force you to make risky decisions on matters of life and death - which is awesome! The game also manages to stay really fresh all the way through and no two levels are really anything alike.My only real complaint about the game is the writing. All of the characters sounded the same and there were way too many bits of dialog that made me roll my eyes around my head until they hurt, and this sucks because this is the sort of game that could have really benefitted from well-written dialog! There are a few good surprises, especially in the more dramatic scenes, but I counted a lot of moments where I was completely removed from the immersion by dialog that seemed really out of place for how serious the situations were. (e.g. ""♥♥♥♥ the gods!"", ""Oh I♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off the White Knight."") Mind you, I only played the game on the English version and the writing may be a lot better in a different language!"
,Not Recommended,274290,22820256,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,wiidad,"This game's description is very misleading. It is simply a puzzle, where you must determine the order of things through trial and error. There is no adventure of any kind outside of watching characters move back and forth and reading their words.A point and click allows for the player to point and click in the order in which makes the most sense to them. This title doesn't even allow that, so it isn't truly a point and click game either. It is simple a puzzle game with no instructions desguised as something it is very much not.I imagine that for a puzzle it would be considered a good game. However I am not a fan of puzzle games. At least not anything like this. I would certainly not recomend this as an indie adventure game or an indie point & click game. Simply because it is neither.Total bait and switch..."
,Recommended,274290,20333563,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,BrotherLewis,"4/5No cloud save, doesn't run on XP and not as potato compatible as you'd think"
76561198079628337,Recommended,274290,11980259,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Submergedpenguin116 ツ,Like skyrim with space
,Recommended,274290,12290193,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Max,"A very good game for what it is.Short, hard, but if you pay attention it can be pretty easy by the end of it.I could recommend on the gameplay and soundtrack alone, the art is far from problematic (and almost welcomed for the setting) and I would definitively buy a sequel with more and longer levels."
,Not Recommended,274290,12063000,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,BaNsHeEp,my god (if he exist...) the trailer was so appealing. Note to myself never... ever again buy something based on how appealing is the trailer. stupid bansheep...
76561197993407943,Not Recommended,274290,20820647,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Bobson Dugnutt,Played it for about twenty minutes.Couldn't get past the first screen.No idea what to do.
,Not Recommended,274290,21002279,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Thot Grips,"This is honestly one of the worst examples of a ""point & click"" games ever made. Why?The pixel graphics are honestly really cool, and I wished I could've like this game, but playing normal feels like trying to pilot a 6-man spaceship... by yourself. Even on easy this game is still a cluster-♥♥♥♥ of confusion.Don't buy it, unless you have a guide that you think goes intowaytoo much detail."
76561198313558214,Not Recommended,274290,25721939,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,indigo292,"I bought this game while on sale, and I was initially excited because it seems like the type of game I'd enjoy. However within 20 minutes of playing I had to stop. The game itself is fun and interesting and I wanted to keep going, but the font used is awful. It's a blocky, retro-style all-caps that is extremely hard to read. In my case it set off a migraine. I kept playing, but had to stop because it's hard to play when you have nails driving into your head through your eyes.Please consider adding an option to making the game more readable, eg an option to toggle fonts between the original/something easier to read. Until then I cannot recommend this game."
76561198044389024,Recommended,274290,11484984,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,shatan7,"just finished the game and it is amazing. the storyline is great, gameplay is great, final boss is amazing! 9/10 ... at the end of the day i wish there were a bit more levels"
76561198015331072,Not Recommended,274290,12653747,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Golden Monkey,"the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain,the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain,the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain,the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain,the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain,the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain,the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain,the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain,the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain,the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain,the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain,the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain,the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain,the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain,the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain,the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain,the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain,the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain,the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain,the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain, the resource management is a pain.Did I mention how repetitive this game is?"
,Not Recommended,274290,11613063,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Lafarda,"Doesn't have any learning curve. First mission feels messy and random. I have the impression that some previous arcane knowledge about the game is asumed from the player or they're expecting too much from the player's patience (or from his luck in the best case).I would have loved to get into the story, though."
76561198058821108,Not Recommended,274290,11618146,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,KixMix,Waste of time
,Recommended,274290,14795606,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Chocobo,Brutally hard point and click game.
,Recommended,274290,34853357,Posted: 9 September,all,The Guest,7/10
,Not Recommended,274290,34013879,Posted: 4 August,all,Fişek MacQueen,Almayın aldırmayın aq böyle oyun mu olur 15 . denemede bıraktım 1. bölümü geçemedim anasını satayım oyun mu oynuyoruz enigma şifresi mi kırıyoruz belli değil . Konsept güzele benziyor senaryoyu daha ilerletemedim sildim şansa dayalı senaryolar var.  He ben kanseri yendim loto bana çalışıyor gibi argümanlarınız varsa alın oynayın ama benim görüşüm gereksiz zor bir algoritma var.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MDinPiqK6Bs
76561198043674676,Not Recommended,274290,12616010,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Dragonjazz,"I'm going to be honest, I'm not very far in this game, but it seems like it has a very compelling story. It's a story that I want to get into, but the game doesn't. It's like I have to prove myself to the hardcore gods that I am worthy before I'm even allowed to get into it, which seems ridiculous to me. That's just me, if you're looking for a challenge, the first level will give you a run for your money."
76561198061374259,Recommended,274290,11404163,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Bernabox,"Not for everyone. Pretty hard.BUT AWESOME.People are complaining mostly about one thing: ""there are no moral choices, I wanted something like the walking dead but this game keeps kicking my♥♥♥♥♥ there is no point in saving or killing the hostages, results the same""That's not true. There are different paths to win, and they are often moral choices, but not in a manichean way. In ""the walking dead"" or ""mass effect"" you have three buttons, ""good"", ""bad"", ""neutral""; Here you got some better options in order to win, and some useless ones, but it's not really clear. It's more complex, it's strategy. I like that. This game speaks about morality in a more mature and realistic way. I can see why you don't like it: it's difficult, it's different, uses frustration as part of the game. Ok, those expecting for a ""telltale-casual-style"" will be disappointed. But for me, it's a masterpiece. GOTY."
,Recommended,274290,11407868,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,The Classy Hippo,this game is very hard but fun like dark souls 2 the main thing you will be doing is trying minimize risk while trying to complete the objective later will have a time limit so this causes most people to panic and take more risksp.s dont trust the reviews that dont have more then 3 hours of game play those are people that just rage quit from losing to muchedit: i forgot to mention the part that most people also felt like this false advertisment enven though the demo been out for year most have not even tried to research the game before buying it i think some youtube videos were made like a week or 2 before its release let talon the demo being out for over a yearalso there is a free demo you can playhttp://www.deconstructeam.com/gods-will-be-watching/
76561197968197050,Not Recommended,274290,11457132,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,CommanderWaffle,"Awful, awful, awful. I liked everything that I heard and read about this game. The dark sci-fi setting, the decision-based point and click, the intense and dramatic music...and then I started playing. I figured, I'm a decent gamer, I'll try it on ""original"" difficulty. After twelve tries on the first task I gave up and switched to ""easy"" difficulty, figuring that I was much more interested in the storyline than the gameplay anyway. After six more tries on ""easy"" I finally made it through the first chapter. I was then introduced to chapter 2, where my character is being interrogated in violent fashion, I was soon informed that I would be performing the same torture sequence TWENTY TIMES! The game actually tells you that you have to survive, performing the same repetitive task, TWENTY TIMES in a row, each one taking about two minutes. And screw up once, you get to go back and do it all over again. The original writing wears itself out once you've read it four times, and can look forward to doing it two dozen more times before you get it right. I understand the idea of a game with consequences or where your character can die forcing you to try again, but the whole premise of this game is try the same task over and over and over and over again. Even on EASY DIFFICULTY. My patience wore out, having not even finished chapter two. This is a complete waste of money, do not buy this game unless you enjoy the idea of performing the same tedious thing over and over and over and over again. This game will appeal to the same kind of people that enjoy going to the dentist for a root canal. I seriously cannot stress enough how awful a game experience this ""game"" provides. If you're intrigued by the story, and I know that I was before playing it, then go on youtube and watch someone else play through the game for the story, then come back and thank me for sparing you the aggravation of actually dealing with this game. DO NOT BUY THIS ""GAME""."
,Not Recommended,274290,12607251,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Asaph,"I like the style and the narrative, making hard choices is really adding a lot to the experince but some of the game mechanics are not clear from the get go and require a lot of trial and error on top of already relaying on chance and luck A LOT.This can lead to a very frustrating gameplay when playing on ""Original"".Got the special edition for the soundtrack and was decent enough the rest doesn't justify it.If you like repetitve gameplay and guessing a lot this is the game for you."
76561198028054006,Not Recommended,274290,11426888,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Jack the Tripper,lame....what a waste. Just a game of chance and making the right actions at the right times or you fail....and you will fail...a lot....so much in fact that you will be able to recite the poorly written text. The same text you will be sick of reading over and over again. I got tired of the game on the first mission...
76561197970981823,Not Recommended,274290,12752729,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Unusual Al,"Horrible. You don't know what the game wants, and logic plays a very minor role in what happens"
76561198038497548,Recommended,274290,11427286,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Spyder9917,"Not a traditional point and click. Do not go in thinking this is like any ""adventure"" game you have played before. It is a game of trial and error. The delivery and atmosphere of it is good. Play the original ludum dare 26 version.http://www.deconstructeam.com/games/gods-will-be-watching/it will give you an idea of what the game is like. I highly recommend this game. For $10 dollars, it is worth it. Unfortunately if you have not played the original version of this game, I can see how the trailer may seem deceiving of what the game is like. If you have played the original, than the trailer isn't deceiving..... Kind of weird like that."
76561198067605097,Recommended,274290,12286778,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,UNACCEPTABLE,Hard as taking a♥♥♥♥♥♥and trying to not make it stink
,Not Recommended,274290,16415271,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Splatymatt [AUS],10/10 will uninstall again.
76561198089018492,Recommended,274290,22522974,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Søt Katt,I still haven't got gud.
76561198035725546,Recommended,274290,12602358,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Spike,"chapters one, two, four, five, and six are great works of experimental game theory"
,Recommended,274290,11422861,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,TomsBrainHurts,"This game is absolutely brutal, in all the best ways. Even though its just pixels, and the story isn't immediately gripping in its own right, the choices you are forced to make throughout the game are morally bruising and incredibly difficult. The gameplay itself, on original difficulty, is challenging enough to keep even the most hardened gamer playing. But again, it's the choices you make and the impact they have that makes this game worth playing and infinitely appealing.Admittedly I did find it a little difficult to immerse myself in the story itself or invest too much in the characters, but the choices in each scenario are involving and intense. It's a game definitely worth playing, and one that you will keep coming back to in order to try and play things out differently."
,Recommended,274290,12662609,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,MorteMcAdaver,"Maybe it's the masochist in me, but I found this stressful, unforgiving game to be quite an engaging experience.  I'm only on chapter 4 as of this writing, but I am compelled by the game's  narrative, retro graphics style, and most of all, the music.  I went in after reading negative reviews and expecting loads of frustration.  Bracing myself for the worst and a possible waste of money and time, I found myself engrossed.Definitely not for everyone, and the game isn't without its flaws and inconsistencies, but as players point out these discrepancies, I am sure they can be fixed in patches.  Great work on this one!"
,Recommended,274290,12624208,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,R3SiST0R82,"It's a welcoming diffrent game experience. In most other games these days, the tasks we do in them seem more or less similar to each other.Not so in this one! Handeling a hostage situation, resist torture, lead a combat group through an endless desert are just some of the tasks you will encounter in Gods Will Be Watching.Nostalgic 8-bit graphics complete the retro feeling to it. The story isn't bad either.Really liked it!"
76561198055079941,Recommended,274290,11439199,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,TheGuardian163,"10/10. I enjoyed absolutely everything from the it. Probably my favorite singleplayer game, definitely my favorite point and click. It might take you longer or shorter to finish, depending on how good you are in this very special kind of strategy game.  have no regret buying it."
,Recommended,274290,11459559,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,odck,
76561197979032167,Not Recommended,274290,20496326,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,alih,Good if you like managing timers
,Recommended,274290,16242871,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,DIGIRICE,░█▀░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀███████░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███████▌░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░████████░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████▌░░░▌▄███▌░░░░▀████▄░░░░▀████▌░░▐▀▀▄█▄░▌░░░▄██▄▄▄▀░░░░████▄▄░▐░▀░░═▐░░░░░░══░░▀░░░░▐▀░▄▀▌▌▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░▀░░▌▌▐░░░▄▀░░░▀░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░▌█░▌▌░▌░░▀▀▄▄▀▀▄▌▌░░░░░░░░░░▐░▀▐▐░░▌░░▌░▄▄▄▄░░░▌░░░░░░░░▐░░▀▐░░░█░▐▄██████▄░▐░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▀░░░▐░▌▌░░░░░░▀▀▄▐░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░█░░▄▀▀▀▀▄░▄═╝▄░░░▄▀░▌░░░░░░░░░▌▐░░░░░░▌░▀▀░░▄▀░░▐░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▄█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░▌▌░░░░░░░░▄▀▌▀▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▄░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░▌█▄▄▀▄░░░░░░▄▀░░░░▌░░░▌▄▄░░░▄▐██████▄▄░▄▀░░▄▄▄▄▌░░░░▄░░░▄▌████████▄▄▄███████▌░░░░░▄░▄▀░██████████████████▌▀▄░░░░▀░░░█████▀▀░░░▀███████░░░▀▄░░░░░░▐█▀░░░▐░░░░░▀████▌░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░▐░░▀▀█░░░░░░░▀░░░░░░▐░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░╔╗║░╔═╗░═╦═░░░░░╔╗░░╔═╗░╦═╗░░║║║░║░║░░║░░░░░░╠╩╗░╠═╣░║░║░░║╚╝░╚═╝░░║░░░░░░╚═╝░║░║░╩═╝░
76561198002678120,Recommended,274290,11540753,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,ozzyturk88,awsome.
,Recommended,274290,31164373,Posted: 15 April,all,Fascist Pat,God's weren't watching 0/10
,Not Recommended,274290,33622051,Posted: 17 July,all,Water,They're not. I checked in the future tense. Time is an illusion. I like that.
76561198020728010,Not Recommended,274290,12126895,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,xMissMaVeNx,"This game is terrible, the pixels are great but even with the newly patched difficulty decrease, it still is overly hard. I've tried beating the first intro level 8 times on 4 different difficulties and am sick of trying and seeing the same damn thing over and over at this point. maybe I will come back to it someday..."
,Not Recommended,274290,12413553,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,mursa.artdragons,"Mac users be warned. This game really has a lot of issues for us. I've seen many reports that the mac version wont start up or runs terribly. It doesnt seem properly optimized and runs sluggish even for those who should have enough for the requirments. (Wich it looks like they updated to be higher) I gave it time for these issues to be dealt with, but it just doesn't seem like the devs care about this user base."
,Not Recommended,274290,11433394,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,TerminalBlue,I guess it's kinda neat to see a game that's so willfully unfun to play.Kinda.
,Recommended,274290,11404953,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,hsmoke,"Usually, I wait a game out until its ending before giving it a fair review. But I can already tell my experience in Gods Will Be Watching will not be getting very different as the chapters progress.I think this game is interesting to say the least, but it's story and gameplay mechanics are poorly executed and do not go hand-in-hand with eachother. I thought that the purpose of the game was to face me with moral issues, and what consequences my actions would lead to. It turns out, Gods Will Be Watching is a time management game which bascially says ""get this done in this many days"" or ""do this as fast as you can without killing anyone""And boy, is this gamefrustrating.Whilst the constant failures do make the game more life like it strips any entertainment there is to be found. My actions don't have any long term consequences either. You ♥♥♥♥ up, you have to start again. That's it. Nothing in the long run that will remind me of that terrible choice I made to shoot that hostage in the face. If I did shoot that poor fella in the head, I get told that was the wrong thing to do and I need to start alll over again. That ain't fun.But I must admit, this game isn't neccesarilybadeither. As far as visuals go, this game looksfantastic.Quite possibly the best I have seen for a while, you can really tell that alot of effort went into this game.All in all, whilst Gods Will Be Watching offers a fine concept and interesting story to go with it it really does need quite the fine tuning before it will be satisfying to play.+ Stunning visuals+ Interesting nartative- Poorly executed game play- Really no fun at all7/10"
,Recommended,274290,11441604,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,HairyNip,This game is diffucult and puzzeling but it adds up with the great story and gameplay :)
76561198080770412,Recommended,274290,12306630,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Strohfist,HEY IDIOTTS THIS IS A GREAT AND CHALLENGING GAME U SHOULD GET IT
,Not Recommended,274290,12331988,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Pugilist,"Goodbye money, you will be dearly missed.   Goodbye face, Im sorry I smashed you all over the keyboard when I realized the trailer had decieved me into thinking it would be a story driven point and click when in reality it was a demonically hard reasource management sh:t heap.  So long throat, I coughed you up in a bloody heap after I screamed at the impossibility of this game.1/10 For successfully trolling me."
76561198028488036,Not Recommended,274290,12685576,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Vaatihastur,A bad puzzle game with unclear rules and some randomization thrown in. Yay...
,Recommended,274290,12526436,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,RoyalGuardian7,Hermit Simulator 2014
,Recommended,274290,11392523,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Crayons,This game makes Dark Souls look easy.
,Recommended,274290,11406614,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Super Hans,"Still not past first mission, 10/10!"
76561198009014715,Recommended,274290,11407687,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Ever-Faithful Leobuilt,Intense experience.....
76561198033724630,Recommended,274290,11413672,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Capt,"Very difficult, yet very Satisfying. :)"
76561197999937795,Recommended,274290,11407414,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,badmathafacka,I like dis
,Recommended,274290,11407693,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,nam,"Well I can understand people getting frustrated. I still haven't ever passed the demo and for the last 2 hours still haven't passed the first level. But I did set it to original which is understandably harder. I got often right to the edge of passing the first level when I assume on easy mode I would have long been finished with it. I agree it's not for everyone but if you enjoy a challenge and oddly it's like that frustrating flappy birds kind of challenge yet involves brain power then I think it's a fun game. I don't expect myself to be giving up on this nor resorting to easy mode. I figure given time and experience the visual cues, the comments people make and all the other clues will begin to become second nature to me and will make the game more enjoyable. Come to think of it, it reminds me a bit of the interview process in LA Noire where at first I couldn't read people at all and by the end of the game I was a master at spotting out liers and asking the right questions."
,Recommended,274290,11422337,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,God-Emperor Trump,"Looking at most of the negative reviews of this game, the causes are just about always complaining about the difficulty of the game or the lack of save points during the middle of chapters.That's the whole point of the game.The dev's not adding a checkpoint in the middle of chapters forces you to play with a level of unease that all your progress won't be saved (which it wont) if you make a mistake or neglect a certain part of the scenario for too long.The funny thing is, you can make the game a whole ton easier in just about every scenario, but it runs against what most people play games with a hero for the main character, which is to get people out alive.If you want the game to be easier, and secure your win without having to really try for it like most of the people giving the game a bad review, start ""trimming"" your staff."
,Recommended,274290,11418698,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,grimfate,"This demonstration of the first level singlehandedly made me buy this game:http://www.polygon.com/2014/7/11/5890697/gods-will-be-watching-overview-videoI DEFINITELY do not regret preordering this game. $9, took me 11 hours to complete and was unlike anything I've played before.The game is pretty much a turn-based decision making game, where time progresses after each decision you make. The game is split into chapters and each chapter gives you a different situation, with a different goal and different factors to consider when making decisions. The first chapter, for example, requires you to survive long enough to hack into a computer system, while keeping your hostages calm (making sure you have at least 1 that is alive and in the main room) and dealing with guards outside that are usually creeping closer and closer to the room.My favourite chapters are the ones where you had a lot of different actions you could choose from. The complexity of these chapters is overwhelming at first, but this is by design. You will likely fail each chapter the first time you play it and feel irritated because there just isn't a clear path forward; there are too many options to wrap your head around. But each time you play you learn a little more and when you retry it will be slightly easier. Eventually, you can solve a chapter reasonably easily, because you understand all the pieces of the chapter and how they work. It is very rewarding and the lack of checkpoints, which can seem irritating when you first start a chapter, turns out to be a great decision, as you guessing your way from checkpoint to checkpoint wouldn't feel like much of an achievement. They really aren't necessary once you learn the chapter.Any complaint I can think up really doesn't detract much from the game and for its price there's nothing that should disuade you from getting it, if it sounds like the sort of game you would like.If you think this sounds like your sort of game, but still aren't completely sure, check out the link to Polygon's attempt at level 1 at the top of this review!"
,Not Recommended,274290,25551208,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,COCK,no soul
76561198030646348,Not Recommended,274290,32326621,Posted: 10 June,all,snaplp,Boring
76561198039231470,Recommended,274290,11416771,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,xEvilMuffin,"This game is awesome,it is everything that I imagined."
76561198024956212,Recommended,274290,11423653,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,MiraculousMoose,"While I enjoy the game and I hate the desert mission, because there is some kind of memory leak in the code and every second attempt the game freezes up on me what seems like right before the end."
76561198026370482,Recommended,274290,11424726,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Imjustatourist,it's great!
76561198030864926,Not Recommended,274290,23466254,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,uty,why would you do that why
,Recommended,274290,11405309,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Shoompon,"Enjoy the story they said, enjoy."
,Recommended,274290,17871455,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,TALIBANSOULJAH,think of meeting a stinky ugly fat dude that seems nice but then turns to♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥your♥♥♥♥♥and cumming inside and leaving you with a billion dollars after that. this game is like that.
,Recommended,274290,22949284,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,★ 🆂🅼🅰🆁🆃,9/10 MyGN
,Not Recommended,274290,12605033,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,vred,"Not even the nice graphics, soundtrack and narrative make up to how heavily RNG based this game is, the resource management chapters are also too long and really boring.Don't waste your time."
,Not Recommended,274290,12482496,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Sir Galaxy,"Lackluster game with no real gameplay, only a couple of choices."
,Recommended,274290,11398012,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,shoggofu,"Okay so I've played through for almost an hour and a half. It's really really cool. The game is reeeally intense and unforgiving.http://youtu.be/kHeq2oxXjFUInitially I was overwhelmed by what was going on in the first situation and to really get an idea of what to do. And like they warn you when you choose regular difficulty, I failed a lot! You would think this would become frustrating. But it hasn’t it just made the more nerveracking.  Playing this game is like navigating a minefield, making one wrong step means disaster. One too many mistakes at any point spells complete failure, in some situations I found that you can only afford a single error and that you're dead if your ♥♥♥♥ up again. Decisions that mean the difference between life and death and just success or failure in making it to the next decision are relentless. Not only that, you also must pay attention to multiple situations in a given scenario, you can't neglect any of them. It's delicate balancing act. I can barely comprehend success in this game being possible on regular difficulty. After failing the first chapter at least 5 times or so I went back and put it on easy and made it to the second situation. Even on easy difficulty I was having a hard time not repeatedly failing and having to start the chapter again from the start. After a few attempts I made it to like the third day and was stunned to be told I need to keep my characters who are undergoing torture alive without giving away too much intelligence for 20 days! I made it to the part where the protagonist is strapped to the torture wall. But I pushed it just one little bit too far and he was instantly dismembered.The game looks very good. The sound and music is well done. The suspense, horror and the brutality of the situations is conveyed really well. The developers weren't afraid to illustrate extreme brutality. For instance a hot iron shoved into your character crotch. You will be in contant fear of some really nasty things happening to your characters and bad situation going beyond critical. I grimaced when my character was taking a hammer to the knee and I gasped when he was suddenly ripped in half. I haven't gotten to the part where you have characters sitting around in the wilderness eating steaks. But I have a bad feeling about where that meat comes from!So, yes I recommend this game. Initially intitially I had a feeling that because there are only 6 chapter it would be short title. I haven't completed it yet. But just getting to end of a chapter is long and arduous. I'm pretty sure the challenge can keep you occupied for quite some time and it's really exciting to play pretty much the whole time.Clickherefor more let’s play videos =)"
,Recommended,274290,11398086,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Hydration Perfected,This game is pretty great.It's a really beautiful game.It currently has a few bugs that can cause the game to crash.This can cause you to lose all your progress on a mission.=(Buy it tho
,Recommended,274290,11397527,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Dankperry,tough decisions and sacrifices are what make this game great
,Recommended,274290,11402099,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,nicky,I'm really really bad at keeping my hostages alive.
,Recommended,274290,11407266,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Dicksmash McIroncock,"I found it pretty difficult, but then maybe difficult isnt the word to use. Its challenging, however, i am really enjoying this game.Also, an autosave or something like that would be nice so that you do not have to restart the entire level. Checkpoints or something maybe,."
,Recommended,274290,11399946,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,MR.27234,i can say this game is one of the best and hardist games iv played this year
,Not Recommended,274290,28318275,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,fongun,Nehh. The story may be cool. But that unforgiving micromanaging kills all the fun.
,Not Recommended,274290,28794921,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Chief Panda,Its like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pretentious version of TAPPER the bartending arcade game
,Recommended,274290,11416048,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,HPLoveshack,"EDIT: So, I'm going to change up my review with the release of the free DLC.Gods Will Be Watching is a non-traditional point and click game that utilizes a sort of resource management to guage how you handle high-stress, morally complicated and difficult scenarios.Based on a flash game and funded on kickstarter, the game expands on the story present in the flash game of the same name.GWBW is one of those rare games that makes up Devolver Digital's line of complicated, morally ambigous games revolving around difficult morality, and I absolutely love it for that reason.The game is brutally difficult, and relies on trial and error gameplay to help you learn from your mistakes and helps to create that tension present in games like Dark Souls that give you a sense of true loss when you mess up a scenario that you were so invested in.The scenarios are structured like puzzles more than they are a telltale game, which hides the morality of your choices through absolute pragmatism. For example, in the first scenario, your hostages fluctuate between two states: relaxed and tense. Relaxed hostages will assume that, while you're negotiating with the hostage rescue team and making sure your hacker is doing well, that you aren't paying attention and make a break for it. You can either shoot them or let them go, causing your hostages to tense up or relax, respectively. However, if they're too tense, they attack you, and they die in self defense.In any other game, its a clear cut decision whether or not you want to spare a hostage. However, here, its all about resource. A hostage can be traded for benefits, or they can be killed to prevent them from attacking you. Your choice is dictated by circumstance and your abilities.Also, you can see, Telltale style, how you stacked up to other players at the end of each scenario, which is a nice little addition.If that seems too hard, (and in many cases, it is), the random elements can be turned off in the puzzle modes that have been added in an update, and if you want to experience the story, you can do so unhindered in narrative mode.Bringing me to the story: it's fantastic. This is minimalist world building at its finest, and the story feels like a reward in itself. Finding out what happens after you save the world from genocide helped get me through the penultimate chapter, and the characters are lively, interesting and well written. Not to spoil anything, but the ending of the game deconstructs the very way we look at morality in video games, and the final boss is one you won't forget.The music is one of the things I remember vividly as well. The way it subtly builds tension and creates an undeniable atmosphere for each scenario is uncanny, and is easily one of the strongest parts of the game.TL;DRA challenging game that isn't for everyone. The great story may be enough to hook you, however, and the unique take on the moral choice in games is something to behold."
76561198061532800,Recommended,274290,11416485,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Tanimoral,"I have to say, it’s a classic style game, and much like I have no mouth and I must scream! You do make choices that impact the game; it’s not like mass effect where all you have is a paragon/renegade option. It’s more of what choice is going to save me, while still not getting myself or my friends, or anyone else killed. Though I kind of wish that saving all the hostages had an effect on the game later on, there was always an option to keep everyone in control. My tactic for the first mission was to freak out the most cocky character and send the girl (violence sensitive character) to the back room, then traded off the dock so he can’t cause trouble for meds, with only 3 to worry about you can keep 2 confident while you trade out one to the back room, and if they start showing signs of over confidence, start shooting the cops or start knee capping people. It’s a complex game, and they warn you about that on the cover, and at the start of the game. It’s like dark souls; if you’re not willing to observe your own mistakes, don’t complain about how horrible the game is just because you just can’t make the learning curb.The game has some pretty noticeable bugs, its almost crashed on me twice while just starting the game up, But I think a lot of this is just patchable scuff that happens to almost all game at launch because its almost inconceivable the varieties of hardware and software that can disagree with a games functions. you cant catch all the problems in one go, sometimes you just have to take a risk and fix the problems as they pop up."
76561198017314668,Recommended,274290,11421243,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Dikfuk Dongsmasher,"struggling to get past level 2.  but damnit, did it feel satisfying, finally finishing day 1.do not underestimate this hard but rewarding on-the-edge-of-your-seat game!"
,Not Recommended,274290,34334483,Posted: 18 August,all,A Dab'll Do Ya,"It's incredibly saddening that Devolver Digital, one of my favorite developers, could make such a mindlessly difficult, skill-less game. Check out the dev's other titles but this one is an easy game to skip without missing much at all."
76561197969696024,Not Recommended,274290,12681105,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Ice_Okami,"lacks logic....  in stage 3 everyone can preform a task for every turn, but in stage 4 only one person is allowed to preform a task at a time.... yeah that makes a whole lot of sence to me..... not"
,Recommended,274290,11395215,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Sarcastro,"They manage to stress you out with situation far more entertaining than most top AAA games these days.The entire torture sequence is nail biting and somewhat tedious in a way, yet fascinating at the same time.Perhaps that's the entire game in a nutshell for better or worse. Tedium and retrials, especially when random chance screws you over and you have to restart.Then again I think this is one of those games where you have to understand what you're getting into. Life isn't always fair no matter how well you try and how many lines you cross to ensure success.Since it's a game you get to restart again and again until you feel that you got a result you can live with, or quit out of frustration.But be warned this isn't so much a morality game (there is some) as a resource management intesive one, where the morality is how much you reduce the people in the game to statistics to improve your chances of winning.With that in mind, the only real issue I can think of is that sometimes their non native English speaking grammar problems are quite distracting. Also the scenarios feel rather standalone rather than forming a cohesive narrative due to their non linear plot. So weird things can carry through while others don't. For example a guy's arm gets chopped off that's recognized in the future scenarios, if he died though it isn't. (Though this inconsistency turns out to be an important plot point by the end. It might be enough to turn off certain people though)"
76561198006487288,Not Recommended,274290,20047534,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,I feel it now,trash
,Recommended,274290,12620763,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Drewsko,You LACK DISCIPLINE! You are MINE now! You Belong to me! THERE IS NO MORE BATHROOM!
76561198078573009,Not Recommended,274290,24030942,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,HYPNOTICA420X,sucks total♥♥♥♥♥ just a point and click game with random death encounters. waste of money and time.
,Not Recommended,274290,33984904,Posted: 2 August,all,Gay Guillaume,I LOVE IT WHEN FLASH GAMES BECOME REAL GAMES AND THERE'S BARELY ANY DIFFERENCE
76561198037255694,Recommended,274290,11411283,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,NOONESPLAYINGMARVEL,All these buttt hurt s c r u b s needs to suck it up and git gud
76561198041242826,Recommended,274290,11402097,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,juizoi,"I had a peep at the description and got irritated by a word in particular, ""puzzle"", this is not a puzzle, far from it, this is a strategy, and one that doesn't always involve knowledge but luck, so there goes the ""decision and choices"" part. A choice is something you can control with ease but without at the same time thanks to the moral dilemma, this is more like a race, if you don't win the race, you restart from the beginning, if you get injured during the race, so what, you can still run. This isn't a ""choice"" like the game gleefully says to you, this is a force win with &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥HAPPENS"" in golden letters. If I had to give a good example of choice it would be heavy rain, for its system of carrying on after a character's death.Another thing is, the levels get way too long, especially when they are mainly based through luck. I am truly disapointed by this, this game is absolutely beautiful animation and art wise, you can clearly see that story has been worked on a lot as well, but not very immersive..."
76561198123900468,Recommended,274290,11405603,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,ColdCat,I can only play through the first scene after which the game would crash.Any advice? The game is enjoyable so far but i cant make a full conclusion from the first mission.
76561197972289037,Not Recommended,274290,22852418,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,In Loving Memory of Harambe <3,"This game has an interesting concept, but considering the scenarios require A LOT of time, random crashes are unacceptable. I experienced far too many crashes to desktop and it completely ruined my experience, therefore I cannot recommend this game."
76561197981568714,Recommended,274290,11444275,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Marcus4600,"I'm not generally one for point and click adventures (I've only completed two in my life) but I have to say that this game is not just a great adventure game, but an amazing game in general. To be honest, calling it an adventure game is only half of what it is. It's really a cleverly disguised strategy game that requires you to read the body language of people around you and keep the mentality of others under constant watch.On top of that, each decision that you make has a lot of weight, and whenever you screw up, you feel it in the pit of your stomach. This game has made me sweat, lurch, and even become short of breath. This is what great art is. Buy this game if you have the money."
76561197961746245,Not Recommended,274290,11471888,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Elbrooke,"Sadly, all the ruckus is true. Resource management makes for a poor story telling device. It just isn't going to be possible for me to enjoy this game. =("
,Not Recommended,274290,20463813,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,acdenh,"Pretentious crap and a waste waste of time.Don't buy please, do not encourage them."
76561198079406308,Not Recommended,274290,23728280,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Warrior of Stick,"It would be an amazing  game I think: IF IT ACTUALLY ♥♥♥♥ING WORKED. The only ""entertainment"" I get from this is having to reboot my computer after it crashes on start up."
76561197992083855,Recommended,274290,11394717,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Matyvalien,"I didin't finish all game yet but i finished episode 4 now, game puts you in so real yet so insane situitions and makes you decide on fates of everyone,makes you think and take really hard choices, but if you can ever beat a chapter (there are tons of stuff that changes everytime you play the same chapter so it is never the same) i can't really describe the game with words TRY IT BUY IT LOVE IT , 9/10 from me."
76561198121496588,Not Recommended,274290,12604150,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Mr Keller,Um... What the fudge? It's in German..? Okaaaaaay... I am German but I can't SPEAK it! And what is it with all the background glitching? I am so lost. Can someone help me out here?
,Not Recommended,274290,22876559,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Karma,"Don't really understand how this game works, they do a terrible job at explaining HOW TO PLAY."
76561198116822462,Not Recommended,274290,12334045,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,shepardfikson,"Dont buy it, dont try it, dont even get hacked version.game simply not worth it.its only game i regret buying on steam. if its posible ill like refound."
,Not Recommended,274290,22847496,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,charlesberg,"uninteresting and buggy.prompted to skip a cutscene, skipped.no interactable characters showed up until I restarted the level.story is extremely boring and the characters are bland. Not to mention the font makes it hard for me to read it fluently."
76561198089597016,Not Recommended,274290,28194383,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Radioactive.sw,not my type of game
,Recommended,274290,11393446,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,E3diu®,"First scene, died 8 times in 30min. I'd suck as a hostage taker.10/10 Will try to get forward."
,Recommended,274290,11474591,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,salko,THERE ARE GODS.AND THEY WILL BE WATCHIN'.
,Not Recommended,274290,11393512,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Kaje,"There are currently a number of issues with the game that force me to be unable to recommend a purchase at this time.For example, during the first stage, despite reading the verbal and non-verbal cues adquately, the hostages do not appear to act in line with their mental state. This is, for many people (read the forums), considered a bug that needs fixing before the first level is adequately enjoyable or even completable without simple luck.Further issues have been raised regarding the second stage, and a transitional story/immersion breaking incident between the second and third stages.I am fully aware that the game is supposed to be difficult, but there's difficult and near impossible - even on the advertised 'easy' mode.The developers need to read the forums and answer the concerns raised, dealing with the perceived issues in urgently-needed patches. Once these issues have been resolved, I expect to be able to change my recommendation accordingly."
,Recommended,274290,11394558,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Thrown | B2R |,"I became a successful hostage manager after the first Chapter9.5/10 ""It's ok"""
,Not Recommended,274290,11460987,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Red Steel,"Why anyone would make a game so hard to play, is past me. I like the point and click aspect of this game. I like the cause and effect situation. They could made it like Bioware or Hero Rise. They decided to make this game really hard to play. It's sad because I really wanted to like this game. Why did they make it so hard."
,Not Recommended,274290,22842405,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,ho13k,"Playing this game is no fun. It is hard and I like hard games, but not when the gameplay itself simply isn't fun and is a drag instead."
76561197984266054,Not Recommended,274290,29054171,Posted: 5 January,all,Tronword Furey,A ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥point and click game. I would rather kill myself then play this turd again.
,Not Recommended,274290,23042888,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,MakePolandGreatAgain,:/
76561198122154745,Recommended,274290,11392229,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Mega Drive,umm why is the text in a different language ?? just because i'm in canada that doesn't make me frenchi mean i like the game but i don't know fix the language
76561198004531228,Recommended,274290,12143961,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Grandmaster Rednecked Crake,11/10Fantastic StoryLive With Those Decisions
76561198096778611,Recommended,274290,21421204,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,verydoge,This is challenging and good story game.
76561198165839598,Recommended,274290,21450091,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,poidorka,10/10 - that's how Telltale should make games
,Recommended,274290,17086485,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Riketz,Like Darksouls only more frustrating
,Recommended,274290,17092526,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Croaker,"Outstanding puzzle game, and this is coming from a non-puzzle game guy.  Other puzzle games have frustrated me easily in the past by requiring me to pick out several objects camouflaged in the background, add them to my inventory, and then rub them against each other in the most unintuitive ritual possible in order to progress.  This game has none of that.  There are very clear indicators of progress, success, and failure for each mission that are simultaneously very clear and very natural.  To cite one particularly gruesome example, on one mission my characters were holding hostages.  The mental state of the hostages was very apparent by their stance.  If they were relaxed, they would be sitting down on the ground flat on their butts, resting with their palms on the ground saying things like ""Hey look, they're distracted"".  If they were scared they would curl up into a ball and rock themselves in a self-soothing manner while saying things like ""I can't take it anymore, I need to get out of here...""  The puzzle was to keep them somewhere in between the two extremes, since if they got to relaxed they would attempt to overthrow you, and if they were too scared they would make suicidal attempts to escape.  There was never any point in the game where I said to myself ""what do I do next?"", ""man I'm stuck, I can't figure this out"", or ""this is stupid, let me just look up a hint on the internet to progress the story."" Overall, it is well worth the money, especially if you can get it on sale."
,Recommended,274290,17291880,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Majima,1/7 chance of getting shot in russian roulettegets shot11/10 would irving again
,Recommended,274290,16670120,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,TheRealDEG,"This game is VERY difficult imo. but worth the money, the freedom to do basically anything you want during the missions is really fun. its all up to you, within limits of course but, you get the point right?"
76561198106976185,Not Recommended,274290,16714881,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,benkun,Most frustrating game I've played on Steam.Even when I switched to easy mode I've done mostly restarting and watching content I've seen before. How do people think this is fun?
,Recommended,274290,16724707,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,WoodenArcher,"This game was amazing, even though the choices you make do not make a major impact on the game. I  loved the story line and the soundtrack. ""Gods Will Be Watching"" is not a long game but it is still worth playing."
76561197963128193,Not Recommended,274290,16950211,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Seth,"Runs at 4 frames per second on Mac OS X 10.8.5 with 16 gigs of ram and 2.4 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo. So I can't play! Tried to get a refund, no response and no fix yet.Sad face."
76561198077106498,Recommended,274290,30597934,Posted: 18 March,all,davavalo,"This game is a rare unique gem, and enjoyed playing from beginning to end. The difficulty level is brutal but one should e over a challenge as part of the gameplay mechanic being focused on making difficult choices.Simply put, this is a panic room moral puzzler and it's amazing. It's the reason I want to develop my own indie title someday. There's nothing else quite like it, and that's too bad.Great story and replay value and the achievements to unlock are fun."
,Not Recommended,274290,16390187,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,JokersRebellion,"If  you are risking yourself only buying this game, then don´t even bother playing it, because you won´t. There is a huge bug where almost half of the people that bought these game got. When you launch it, where a language selection should be, you get stuck in a damn black screen that you have to do miracles to get out of. Please, seriously think about it before buying it, and the only ""solution"" to the problem is cutting content from the game (oh and thanks btw because it didn´t work neither that for me). Developers and especially you GreyShock put a goddamn sign in the page that sais there is an iminent bug that stops you from even getting to the menu of the game. Thanks for your time."
76561198176256861,Recommended,274290,18868917,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,leadfoilhat,"This is a wonderfully fun little game. Plays like a resource management/puzzle game with the kind of story and atmosphere you'd expect in a shooter. Definitely worth playing.The ""mystery"" of Burden's identity is as subtle as a club to the face but it has so little impact on the plot that you can just ignore it if you want and still get the full experience of the game, and the way it handles the glitches of character resetting and stuff (if you lose a charcter one chapter, they'll be there again the next) is good enough that the resets don't break the immersion. Story is passable, gameplay is fantastic."
76561197970624793,Recommended,274290,18684478,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,elbeastie,"*I am going to recommend this game because the devs should be rewarded for their attempts to create a compelling and unique game experience...however the game is sadly flawed..Unfortunatley what is a really good concept with good presentation (albeit quite underwhelming pixel art) is scuppered by a difficulty/challenge setup that can really only be overcome by a lot of trial and error in place of what should be ethical dilemas leading to multiple solutions that refelct something about the player. As a consequence, the constant restarting is really frustrating and really kills off your desire to keep playing the game, which to begin with is strong because it's an innovative approach with interesting scenarios.I recommend this game if you can pick it up in a steam sale. Maybe the devs will get it right next time."
,Not Recommended,274290,11422406,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Largonos,"This game isdifficult... And if I say difficult I meanVERY DIFFICULT. Even on Easy you often fail up to 10 times during just one little chapter. Just for people who are resistant of trying the same mission over and over again.So it's well recommended for fans of Dark Souls and its difficulty. Otherwise if you are just looking for a game to spend some late hours ( you may spend hours with this game, since you will really need them even if you are playing on easy) it's not recommended unless you love games that make are REALLY challenging."
,Recommended,274290,18501742,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Asleaicul,"If you want to have a lot of fun (and some anxiety while doing it) even if you die ALL THE TIME, this is your game.I must say it's reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeealy difficult. And fun. And a little bit more difficult.No regrets. Take it."
,Not Recommended,274290,18426946,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Tokkot,"The art and story are the highlights, while the gameplay feels random and difficult without being fair or challenging. I doubt many gamers will have the patience to finish the first chapter, let alone the rest of the game on the original, intended difficulty mode."
,Recommended,274290,18703176,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Seen,"Enjoyed it but clearly didnt finish it at the time of writing (9 hours).Dont know why I did not start it up again. Maybe its too hard? Still in my shortlist ""to finish"" catagory so recommended but need to bloody finish!...no I will NOT go to lower difficulty!"
,Not Recommended,274290,18231819,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Rzar,"I wish Steam Refunds had been around when I bought this. Its frustrating rng had me repeating the same situation again and again with no hook to get me interested at all. Some might say I quit too soon, I'll say I found no reason to go on. Waste of time/money."
76561198112486771,Recommended,274290,18235760,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,sargent toast,hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198179054422,Not Recommended,274290,18255931,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Mr. Avocado Man,The game is unplayable for me right now. I bought it when it was on sale a couple months ago and haven't played it yet because whenever i go to start the game it crashes my whole computer and forces a restart. If there is some fix please let me know as i seem to be the only one getting this problem.
76561198035805119,Recommended,274290,19051389,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,El Chico Gordo[GER],"""What a weird game"", I thought when I started the game and was a bit lost in the first scene.It took me a while to understand the game concept and what's going on there.Once I was in the story, I really, really enjoyed it. The narration is the important part to me so I played it the easy way. There is even a ""Story Mode"" for players enjoying the story without the ""micro management"".And as much as I like the story and the immersion, once you are in it, the gameplay is kind of difficult. Most of the time you have to manage and rearrange orders for persons. Every level itself more or less like the others. There is a task, limited ressources and only you to decide what to do - and when - and who.So you keep clicking all the time in order to manage people.As boring as it sounds, it has some interesting aspects. This is especially true once the chips go down and you stand there with the hard decicion to sacrifice something - or even someone - in order to rescue the rest of the group.One can clearly see that the story was the most important aspect of the game. Once the chapter is done, all the characters you lost are back in game and the story continues. So don't expect a game with an ongoing consequence. See it more like someone is telling a story and asking how it would have been for you. So the next chapter is ""resetting"" some aspects.This might be a bad thing to some players. But I to myself see it as a positive thing. It gives the authors the freedom to tell exactly their story instead of giving a countless amount of story paths - or even worse like in most games like TWD etc. they give you the same story pretending you had a choice (aka. chosing path one and another character decides for you doing path two anyway).Only thing that I didn't really like was the pixel art. I admit, it works well for the figures to see their mood. This is especially useful when you lost the obligatory character telling you how the situation is (there is always someone who has an idea who is exhausted or ill or angry etc. so you may manage the situation).So well, if you like old school point & click adventures (pixel gfx, no spoken dialogues...) and space-rebell-stories with hard decisions this game is worth a try."
,Recommended,274290,19000958,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Ganso,"This is a strategy game disguised as an adventure game. The game starts with a narrative story that puts you into critical life-or-death situations like managing hostages, torture, surviving in the desert, etc. In order to beat the scenarios, you need to understand the variables and mechanics of each scenario in order to take the best decisions regarding managing your resources.The game has several difficulty levels. The original and recommended one is brutal, the way the variables affect themselves are randomized, making the outcome of each choice very difficult to predict. There is the puzzle mode where the randomness is removed, so once you understand the scenario the outcome of each choice can be predicted and planned ahead.In each chapter you may progress while having no casualties or some casualties, but they end up being ignored in the next chapter, so there is very little, if any, consequence to your choices within a chapter, all you have to do is beat the scenario to progress, the story remains unaffected.The story is short and simple, but the experience of playing this game is recommended."
,Not Recommended,274290,17350571,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Juron,Still unplayable so don't even think to buy it !
,Not Recommended,274290,17816944,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Gaysinspace,"Even on easy difficulty i found the game to be to hard, i was constantly dying and every senario took a lot of time so i had to go back and do them over and over. The difficulty also wasn't one that i felt was fair, in ninja gaiden black for example, it's really hard but you know that you've died because of your skill. In gods will be watching i felt like i was doing a lot of guess work and would accidentily fail constantly.Because of the repitition, the moral choice and consenquences didn't carry any weight because i'd be doing them again once i died (which was often)On the plus side it played really well and graphics and design were polished but i didn't enjoy this game and left it out of frustration."
76561198077208013,Recommended,274290,17871991,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,FutureBeforeCount,"Sweet challenging gameplay, captivating storyline, incredible ending."
,Recommended,274290,15309311,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Ertai,The best retro look Graphic adventure game released in 2014!But just play it on easy first...
76561198018899489,Recommended,274290,16091285,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,KingHadas,"If your interest in this game is fueled by the misinformation that it's a Tell-Tale style narrative where your decisions significantly shape the story, please listen, this is not that game.. What it actually is is resource management, set in different survival scenarios. Survive 20 days of torture, survive being stranded on an alien world, etc.That's where the 'sacrifice' and 'hard choices' stuff comes in. Some character may have to die so there's more food to go around. This may sound harrowing but since it doesn't effect the narrative at all it's hard to get worked up over.I was initially disappointed but in the end I did enjoy it. I just want to make it clear to any wandering consumers out there what this game is and is not. Cheers"
,Recommended,274290,16089777,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,dogsong,"The ""difficulty"" and time it takes to play this game is dependent on dying dozens of times and redoing the  same boring sequences over and over and over again. That being said, the game is worth playing (only) on ""Narrative"" easy difficulty.On the easiest difficulty, it is still punishingly difficult, but it's ""You can save everyone after 2-3 30 minute tries"" difficult, not ""You finally finished the chapter after 12 consecutive 30 minute tries, but only after killing and eating both your dog and your best friend"" difficult."
76561198091277733,Recommended,274290,16127350,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,existencevip1,"Hard as ****. Frustration,,, sense of accomplishment loading... ... ... error; timed out, please try again."
76561198079774901,Recommended,274290,16097541,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,McBeeski,"Do you like random events?Do you like being screwed over when you think you've found a pattern or game mechanic?Do you enjoy becoming endlessly frustrated at a game when try to take in it's world and it's characters?But after surviving it all being able to take away a good story from the game and your own story of triumph?Then this game is for you!While the game does warn you in the first title screen that it is unforgiving, it's not unforgiving in ways like FTL where the random chance you run into an immensely powerful ship trying to kill had ways of being balanced out with enough playthroughs, tactics, and with a bit of previous luck finding a certain module or two. Gods Will Be Watching gives you the bird in this regard, but isn't impossible, you just have to find the right pattern with the right attempt.For the gamer who enjoys the ultimate challenge this is one of the hardest games I've seen/played and is great to brag about if you can beat it on it's normal, what I consider to be ""hell"" setting.However I would like to add that the game offers a difficulty removing the random events and even a ""narrative"" mode which allows you to experience the game for it's story. which provides a moral struggle of ideologies/beliefs seen in series such as the Walking Dead or The Wolf Among Us without being so linear.Along with the option to play at a lower difficulty, which can still be a challenge, the game's concept of a unforgiving world more akin to real life is a great stepping stones for games to take on a more immersive feeling beyond pulling on your heart strings, or providing more realistic visuals/sounds. This is however over looked when an average player is sitting at their computer frustrated because of bad luck.Because of this I would not say ""Don't waste your money"" but rather say ""It's not for the faint of heart.""Overall I'd give it a 7/10 for it's great concept, art, and story telling, but give it a healthy chunk of negative points due to the insane difficulty preventing it from getting a solid 8.5Be prepared for this game to take a while to beat."
76561198055432869,Recommended,274290,16083339,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Viktor Frost,"Unforgiving, brutal, and like time itself, beautiful. It can be frustrating on game play, but I say it's aesthetics, soundtrack, story line, and setting weighs greater than it's cons. Buy this game if you absolutely love sci-fi, master crafted music, and pixelated genocide."
,Recommended,274290,16085080,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Anbrad,"30/05/2015 (Post final chapter free dlc release)Let me start this review off by saying: This game is not for everyone.This game is very difficult and isn't as fast paced as the shooters most people enjoy. It's a slow strategy game that has a deep rich story.The game won't be fair and you could spend hours doing some parts over and over. Longest I got stuck on a level was about 2 days, but if you really can't beat it there's a 'light' version that's easier, or even the narative mode.I strongly suggest this game to people who have the patients to sit and enjoy a good story. Also the graphics are pretty kick♥♥♥♥♥imo"
,Not Recommended,274290,15815337,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,positivestress,"I don't know why I bought this game. This feels like the kind of trial-and-error crap I could get from a flash game for free. The reviews are pretty good so maybe the story is amazing? I wouldn't know, I was having way too much not-fun on the first level to find out."
,Recommended,274290,15818907,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Mark Cuckerberg,Absolutely incredible.The dialogue is brilliant.The art is beautiful.The puzzles are ♥♥♥♥ing hard.
76561198154605312,Recommended,274290,15851714,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,DjBlaklite,"this is hard, but i like it. i just wish my ♥♥♥♥ing computer wasnt so old that this could run faster than 3 frames a minute. #balls."
,Recommended,274290,16117689,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Schadenfreude,"This game is extremely difficult, but worth the time, especially now that the free DLC is out. I recommend playing the game on narrative mode first since half of the difficulty is learning the rules for each chapter. I played this game before narrative mode came out and lost interest since I kept repeatedly dying on the first chapter and didn't understand what was going on.If you're worried that narrative mode makes the game too easy, fear not; you'll still probably fail a few times on some of the chapters. You can go back and play it on normal once you understand all the game mechanics and have a greater investment in the game.The story seems quite basic and in some sense it is, but it is also more complex than it first seems. Tossing the player in media res is probably not the best introduction to the universe and I found myself quite frequently wondering what something was until Chapter 3."
,Recommended,274290,15892170,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Yoru,"This game is (simply put) awesome.It's a point-and-click moral puzzle and it's really difficult and unforgiving most of the time, but you just can't stop playing it. Well I wasn't able to stop at least. I played and tried to beat this game and after around 13 hours in one single gaming session I did it. I was at the end and my eyes hurt like crazy. But the feeling in the end was pretty damn good.In every scenario you need to manage different factors with limited time or resources and try to keep everything under control or you'll lose. And you'll lose often. Start the scenario new. Lose again. But the game still kept me entertained all the time.✓ really challenging scenarios✓ intense and engaging✓ great art style (if you like pixel art)✓ good story✓ awesome soundtrack✓ pixel art gore!✓ no checkpoints (I like that you need to begin the scenario again. The only checkpoints are between the different scenarios.)✖ sometimes too luck-dependent✖ sometimes really frustrating✖ no checkpoints (you can't save the game during a scenario; for some that might be a problem)If you don't want it to be too nerve-wrecking I would recommend playing it on the difficulty level ""original light"" which is easier than the ""original"" game. But it's still pretty difficult.I probably wouldn't recommend it if you're easily frustrated, looking for an easy-to-beat game or don't want to ""waste"" too much time on one game. If you like intense games that are extremely challenging and don't mind the luck factor (and if you like pixel art): this game is for you.One of my favourite games even if I had to take a long break from it after I played through. I still need to get a lot of the achievements. I just think it's awesome how a game can be so frustrating and rewarding at the same time.9/10"
76561198084837435,Recommended,274290,16250429,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Hoploo,"Pros:+Really cool sprite animations, not the generic ""I USED THE PHOTOSHOP PIXELATION FILTER!""+Beautiful soundtrack, It is very detailed, catchy, atmospheric, and powerful.+AMAZING STORY! One of the best, if not THE best, I have ever seen in a video game (Seriously, if you want it just for the story play narrative mode), the characters are deep, the dialogue is funny and charming, I really want to know more about what's in the universe, what other factions, planets, aliens, etc there are! Honestly the story is the best part of the game, it leaves off on a very philosophical ending, but I won't spoil it.+The puzzles have quite some depth to them. Not the wallowing ocean that is Dwarf Fortress, but a little nice pond that's big enough to swim in and have a good time.Cons:-Unfortunately your choices don't really matter in the end, except maybe the sprite is a different color, or someone is a cyborg. Mostly just an asspull.-It's hard. Not a good type of hard like Dark Souls, but an annoying type of hard like Fallout New Vegas: Dead Money. I envy you if you are able to beat god (No pun intended) forsaken ""Original mode"", it's mostly luck based. And maybe it would have been awesome a few decades ago, but now it just makes you want to slam your face on the keyboard. Because you may aswell be rolling dice.7/10.Get it on a sale."
76561198022100219,Not Recommended,274290,15832923,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Zephamphar,"The game seems to have a good storyline. A real shame it's hard you'll be dying dozens of time and therefore skipping all the dialogues... Seriously, play this only if you like boring, repetitive choices all along."
,Recommended,274290,15778401,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,TheImmortalConquerOfTheUniverse,I AM GOD BUT ITS ♥♥♥♥ING ANNOYING IN THE BEGINING
76561198076557201,Recommended,274290,16682602,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,zombiefighter6,"Kill the hostages, seriously, they're ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
76561198008501221,Not Recommended,274290,16611817,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,BinarySolo,"I like hard games, I usually play games on a very hard difficulty level and find that I am rewarded with being forced to learn deeper gameplay.This game is too hard. After 30 minutes on the first 'puzzle', I realized I wasn't really having fun, I wasn't really learning any cool gameplay, and the best way to win was to not play. So I'm not. And I don't recommend you do either."
76561198005748025,Not Recommended,274290,16417372,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,portalite,This game ♥♥♥♥ed me up. I expected it to but not nearly as much as it did. Which is totally my fault but still if I could go back in time and stop myself from playing it I would.
76561198064542225,Recommended,274290,16422026,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,rendeviz,"This game is so damn mindblowing, that i hope Christopher Nolan would make a movie out of it... gonna try harder challanges again, maybe."
,Not Recommended,274290,16427183,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Lovely Elsanna,This game is centered around despair in the same why my life is because I can't refund this.
,Recommended,274290,13622193,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,人弹,"Who would have thought a Point-n-Click game can become this hard?I applaud the intended design, and rightly so this is a punishing experience.(which expectedly fraustrates a lot of people, and therefore the negative reviews are almost inevitable)But do try to judge beyond our senses, because this game is well conceived and well executed.And therefore deserve a positive seal of approval as a game."
76561197967294823,Recommended,274290,13623603,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Raif,"This game is honestly fantastic; I'm not sure how it only has mixed reviews. It is a brief but thoughtful puzzle game that has consequences. I felt under pressure the whole time and that I was making decisions that really mattered. The writing is very good and the plot unique. Some of the puzzle mechanics are weak, but then others are so nuanced... I feel there is a good balance. Sound is okay; with some good set-piece music. I really enjoyed the visuals, they were both unique and appropriate. If you like puzzle games with emotion (ala what Tell Tale has been so good at of late...) pick up this game."
,Recommended,274290,13618251,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Cheez Ravioli,"I absolutely LOVED this game. I enjoyed the difficulty of it and was captivated/traumatized by its narrative.Sure, it could use a bit more introduction to each chapter, but there is something about trial and error that appeals to my inner most masochism.Not for the feint at heart, you will be frustrated, but beating each chapter will feel great."
,Not Recommended,274290,13672015,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,darrensilk3,"For all its visual prowess this game is about as penetratable as a petrified nun lodged at the bottom of a swimming pool filled with concrete. ""Difficult"" as a word doesn't quite do this game justice as a description. It is simply the most difficult game I have ever played to the point where I have to assume that any levels following the initial first level; a hostage siege, simply don't exist, as I have never seen them, and I resign myself to the fact that I will never see them. The first level's setting however is quite apt inasmuch that it is a mirror to my own experience in futility suffered through being held hostage by this game.The developer gives indication that the game is in fact ""their's"" and not ""ours"" as players, this is given away by the fact that there are two game modes ""Original - as it was meant to be played"", and ""Lite - a lesser difficulty"". In that it tells you that a lighter game mode was seen as beneath the grand vision of the auteur developer. This is the risk you play when purchasing Indie games. The game experience is at the cost of the deveoper's vision, when in fact the two should be achieved in unison.I also could accept that the issue regarding difficulty may lie with my ability, yes, were it not for the fact that I've played pretty much every games console and micro computer in existence, right from casette based games you programmed yourself to cartridges and discs and never in all that time of completing games to a completionist level, have I encountered a game as staggeringly difficult as this. On ""Lite Mode"" it simply is just 25% too difficult for any invested player to achieve, makes me wonder if the game saw a gamer based focus group at any stage during its development.However the graphics are bang on the mark and so was that developing story from what I could gather. As an investment I could hardly recommend it however purely based on time and money invested versus progression, as I have so far played 1.4 hours and still have not progressed past the first level. Which is a new first for me, and it seriously makes me want to reassess wether I should keep this installed on my machine just occupying useful space.In essance I really desperately want to like it, but how can you like something that at a base and fundamental gameplay level simply and stubbornly refuses to comply."
76561198062945556,Recommended,274290,13672415,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Sad Magic,"Gods Will Be Watching is a very unique point and click strategy adventure game. This game  is hidden gem and it was the best game  I have bought in a long time. This game is hard, Confusing at time but nothing you can't figure out. This game will make you make so tuff choices to surivie.If this game is on sale throw your money at it now but even if it's not it's worth the $10.00. Now this game is a point and click and it has a pixel art stlye to it so take that into mind. I give this game an 8.5/10 and remeber The Gods Will Be Watching."
,Recommended,274290,13824143,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Lord BEEF,"Excellent story that's thought provoking, and the lower difficulty settings keep it from becoming too aggravating."
,Recommended,274290,13929369,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Lunessence,"Reasons why I love this game:It's hard... if played on the Original setting (you can change the difficulty at the beggining of the game). I absolutely love how challenging this game is. If you aren't up for a challenge, this is not a game for you. Buckle down, be patient, breathe, take breaks and keep trying different strategies until you succeed.Graphics- A throw-back graphical style that reminds me of the glory days of DOS games like Indiana Jones and the Fate of Atlantis or the Kings Quest series. Just perfect.It's mature- The storyline and subject matter the player is asked to deal with is dark and contemplative. Characters are memorable and answers are fully realized by the end of the game.Soundtrack- The score in each of the chapters is just superb. Perfectly aligned with the events and tasks to perform.This game IS hard. And that's part of the beauty of it. Frustrating? Of course. Rewarding? Absolutely.The story alone is really well written but the added difficulty makes the ending feel all that more gratifying. If you are up for the challenge, reward yourself with getting through at least one play-through on the Original setting. It took me 13 hours to do so but I felt it was completely worth it. Because of the achievements and in-story options for this game, it also has good replayability."
76561198061040977,Recommended,274290,13949437,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Bitcheskillooaaar187,"it's hard to beat, can be frustrating at some point and the slightest mistake can lead to failture, what means you'll have to start all over again. But if you manage to beat it, it can be a rewarding experience.So basically it is the Dark Souls of Point-and-click Adventures!"
76561197996480777,Recommended,274290,13774325,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Dostacos,"TL;DR version: INDIE GAME CHEAP! MOVE PICTURE TALK - HAHA! - SOUNDS MUSIC GOOD! YOU BUY NOW!Apology for the above: Sorry, or something.Long version: It is unfortunate that there are so many reviews on the front page (of the default view) which are OLD, which clearly complain almost solely of an OLD problem that has been ""fixed"" with what was called the ""Mercy Update"". AKA - the addition of more forgiving playmodes. Even the newest negative review looks like the person played it a long time ago - maybe prior to the Mercy Update? - and didn't write the review until now, for whatever reason.Okay, okay, yes, this game can be ""hard"", but there are now 17 kuhbillion different difficulty/playmodes which allow you to play this on ""Please bash my surgically-exposed frontal lobe against a spike-encrusted, titanium-plated diamond/brick composite wall NOW! WHY, GOD! WHYEEE?!!"" mode all the way to ""Okay, so if I do something obviously stupid I may need to redo this section once more and/or my 27lb cat landed on my keyboard and chose 'Down' at that crucial moment-part, 'Damnit!'"" mode. Actually the latter mode is the one I first tried this game on - because I was scurred by all the prior naysay reviewers BUT still didn't want to play the easiest mode. There is actually a mode that is called like ""cinematic"" mode or something of the sort that is supposed to be basically you + the game = interactive story time. I assume you can don some footie PJs, grab a hot toddy to snuggle in for a nice, cozy and gentle night-night story. :D About torture. :I Aww... footie PJs! Cute! :DThat over and done with, this is a solid indie game. It has a compelling story. It has interesting characters. It has great dialog. It has fun lo-tech graphics. It has cool music. It has a variety of challenge levels. It's not expensive. A small team handcrafted this game. If that sounds cool - TRY IT! Worst case scenario: You will be doing your part to support indie game-making. Best case scenario: You will really enjoy this little game.Bottom line: If you like indies, and the video/screenshot previews look interesting to you, then what have you got to lose? $5-10? I'm sure you have done far worse at least 8,372 times already."
76561198055625259,Recommended,274290,13753203,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Jabrock,"This game is very hard. It isn't really a point-and-click. Basically it's a series of complex situations you have to navigate through. The levels can take a long time, and you will almost certainly lose the first time.That said though, I really enjoy it. Generally I try only once at a time, as a loss can be crushing and a success will leave you too worn out for the next (generally more difficult) challenge. I saw some reviews that said they ended up seeing everything they did as simply adjusting a variable, which I think really takes the fun out of the game. I was invested in trying to keep everybody alive and well, and it is very satisfying to pull it off.Besides the gameplay, GWBW has excellent graphics, music, presentation, and story (so far). It has a very sleek well-designed feel.Bottom line, get this game if you're up for a challenge. There are also other difficulties to simplify the game, but \I haven't tried them."
76561198042317796,Recommended,274290,13735755,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,NastyNate,"A nice little addition to the library, Gods will be watching, is well thought out and the dialogue is legit. I have been playing this as FTL the point and click adventure. Brutally hard, but fun to watch the various outcomes of your mistakes. 6/10"
,Not Recommended,274290,13780973,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Ruadre,Only play if you view failure as a fun game mechanic.
76561198018206540,Recommended,274290,13833142,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Ein,Для ищущих новые ощущения - самое то.
,Recommended,274290,13836268,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Stanto,I'm finding this fracking difficult and I'm not off the first damned level .. :(
76561197964096110,Not Recommended,274290,13808681,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,JC,"Even on narrative mode which promises no random events you'll die multiple times in less than 10 minutes by events based on chance..... if you like being lied to and treated like a dou che this is for you.Also the game can only be played on full screen though clearly would be better in a window (unless your on a so called smartphone, ahem) and alt tabbing will cause the graphics to glitch, flickering, missing characters etc as you have to click on characters to interact....."
76561198003013246,Recommended,274290,13679449,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,VT,"I thoroughly enjoyed this game mostly for the gameplay, which is largely about picking up on visual cues and making good use of the data the game provides in each of the seven or so scenarios. A lot of people call this a ""survival"" game but to me it's much more of a puzzle/strategy title. In any case, if you're a fan of deduction and solving logical problems, you'll probably end up enjoying it. The themes are pretty dark and the narrative dialogue between the characters is often plodding and cumbersone (especially when you end up playing through the same parts of the game repeatedly trying to solve the puzzles) but overall I like what this game does and how it does it. Some may find the violence and trial-and-error gameplay elements off-putting but they both fit the story being told and serve to give the player some interesting choices and consequences to face. I paid $2.50 for the game during a Steam sale and it was definitely worth that much. Id've even been happy paying $5 for it but the normal $10 price is a bit too high for what the game is in my opinion."
,Recommended,274290,13684121,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,CarlCX,"This game is criminal. The concept is so much more promising and engaging than the execution, and the fact that they made the game more playable by patching out half of its mechanics sort of says a lot about the flaws in its design.But it's cool, and it's trying, and god dammit, that means a lot more to me than it probably should."
,Recommended,274290,13685201,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Mmmmmmm,Not a game for everyone. But I love puzzles and challenges and I that pixel graphics! >:3 ♥
76561198019550271,Recommended,274290,13698380,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,obstructor,"Keep in mind a lot of the bad reviews are from before the created an easier difficulty.I really enjoyed this game, especially after I figured it out a little bit.I definitely recommend looking up some tips for each level if you are going to play on the original difficulty.At first you should only focus on beating the levels at all, then you can come back and do better; when you know what you are doing.  If you are struggling with original try doing it on original light, some parts will be way too easy as it wasn't designed with that difficulty in mind.You have to understand that the game has moments where RNG will screw you over.  I ended up using cheat engine for the desert section (the game uses doubles instead of ints, btw), it is that bad.All in all the game is quite interesting and sometimes the best choice is one you didn't think about; I will try to not spoil anything but: later in the game you end up in a hostage situation and one of the hostages you think is your best tool to convince the other hostages is actually better off being freed immediately."
76561198031076950,Recommended,274290,16583521,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,sheky95,"Though very frustrating and repetitive sometimes, in the least spoiler way possible, I'll just say that this lets the game accomplishes what it sets out to do."
,Recommended,274290,16517088,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Wanderer,"An amazingly written, yet ballbustingly hard point and click thriller. If you enjoy challenge then this game is worth every penny!"
76561198026457380,Recommended,274290,17638861,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,riverbirdman,"It had some bugs that made it impossible to complete the game (and the difficulty level was very high), but I found the decision-making and gameplay interesting. My play experience was not worth what I paid for the game, but it would have been worth it without the bugs. The bugs eventually got worked out after an update from the creators so I have changed my recommendation."
76561198117045023,Recommended,274290,17652615,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Macavity,Really fun. 8/10
,Recommended,274290,17554520,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Crazyclockman,This Gam is a lot of fun and really put together well. It has a sharp learning curve so dont expect to just blow right through it. I died several times before I figured out the mechanics. Here my lets play on it to see how I did.https://youtu.be/SL3YAQ4e8-I
76561198063865341,Recommended,274290,17562187,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Jacky LMAO xD,"simply the best game i've ever played! very hard! but that's where the fun is all about! ""think before you click"" because every decision has consequence! there is no perfect choice! just practical choice is more important. the choice are so like real life, sometimes you need to do harsh things! to the better good. sometimes sacrificing is the your only chance leftif i die right now? 100/10 i will buy this again in the next life"
,Not Recommended,274290,17609356,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,VG Purist,There was really nothing wrong with this game... until the desert scene... that is what killed it for me.  I wish I could give this game an average thumbs up/down but unfortunately I cannot.
76561197983197518,Recommended,274290,17585611,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Derelict81,"This game is an interesting spin on ""point and click"" which at its core is time and resource management.You struggle to survive multiple predicaments, helping the main protagonist and the people he happened to be with. There is a very disturbing undertone to the game and the flow of narration leaves no doubt, that each and every situation, and often every decision, is desperate and will result in a tragedy or a shear horror. The visuals are accompanied by very well done soundtrack which makes the experience even more memorable.The only thing that might be a big put off for some are the difficulty level and the fact that the game's main story arc has its script and regardless of how you handle every chapter it will not affect how it develops overall.All in all, an amazing experience."
76561198039106145,Recommended,274290,17587150,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Vdain,"What an amazing game!!  Using an old pixelated aesthetic, this game is challenging and gripping.  Fantastic story, kept me up later way longer than I should have been :D"
,Recommended,274290,17787321,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,951Jimbo,"This is a really great game.  A fantastic story, I immidetatly want to start playing it again.The first two levels are a little rough.  But once you get to the 3rd level the game gets really gets fun.  The ending is pretty decent, and then the DLC really buttons up the story and makes it one of a lasting impression.  I think any sci-fi or especially Star Trek fan will like this game.  Although there is a lot of reading, the game is GREAT!It is incredibly hard, I ended up playing on narrative mode and STILL thought it was kind of hard.  But there are some good guides in the steam community to help you if you get truly stuck.  My only complaint with the difficulty is that there can be SO much dialuge to trudge through to get back to where you were.  This is the bad part of the difficulty, if you could quickly respawn like in Hotline miaimi it wouldn't be nearluy the problem.Most of the gameplay is either stroy based dialogue, or some sort of puzzle.  Puzzle is really the wrong term.  Its more like each level has a unique gameplay mechanic that you have to learn by trial and error.  But this makes the game really fun because each level is so differnet and yet the story ties you in and keeps you interested.  Its like Scifi + Oregon Trail + a telltale game's decisions + a completley original story + puzzles/tasks/rescource & time management worked directly into the story.Pros:-Super fun story, feels like a good sci-fi book; very interesting-Can run on nearly any computer-Fun gameplay, for the most part ;)-You will want to play again-PLAY THE DLC, it ends the story wonderfullyCons:-Locked to 60FPS (doesnt really matter for this title)-Music and sound was lacking in my opinion-Dialgue can drag on and feel somewhat pointless at times-Not enough checkpoints, level 2 is escpecially bad IMO-The DLC's gameplay/puzzle feels like an afterthought but the story of the DLC is so important!I definitly recommend it as long as you are willing to do some reading.  One of my favorite games this year."
,Recommended,274290,17747547,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Star-Lord,"Frustrating random-chance mixed with alternatingly timed puzzles, no instruction of puzzle solution parameters in even a vague sense.  Premise is interesting enough to keep itself alive, but a lot like the main characters in the torture scene it begs and diverts and loops around to buy itself more playtime.  Rogue-like death on overdrive with none of the actual ""tedious"" (sarcasm) dungeon crawling or control.  This game gets from me likely what the devs wanted: Annoyed disbelief at the mechanics and bugs, but a deep desire to not see $10 go to waste.All-in-all, get it or don't.  I recommend buying it, but only because misery loves company."
,Recommended,274290,17319330,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Hurricane Calvin,"I don't quite know where to start with this one.Gods Will Be Watching is a hard game to review. It has tons of great mechanical choices and moral decisions. The game is actually challengingin a non-artificial way, and the story is solid. And then all of a sudden it's not. Then the game becomes trite and tiresome for a while, and then...it's good again. This game is incredibly hard to peg down. I would recommend this game, purely for the first few levels, which will keep you challenged and engaged for quite a bit of time. I might recommendthat you don't play the game in one sitting, as I did, because when you get to the stupid parts, you'll remember how good it had been and think ""Is this even a good game?"" My anwser, at least is yes, with a few brief interludes of artificially hard segments with no narrative function. And dear god don't play the DLC.Spoiler:♥♥♥♥ time travel"
,Not Recommended,274290,17277911,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,excitable boy,♥♥♥♥ this game. ridiculous
,Not Recommended,274290,17420081,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Datguy47,torture scene impossible
,Recommended,274290,18030423,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,[^] 𝔭𝔥𝔞𝔷𝔞𝔯𝔯.𝔵,A very good story based adventure which has some nice turn based puzzles.
,Recommended,274290,14081635,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,keep it mello,"hard game.so hard.there's nothing left, almost like this life.I failed so many times even in the first mission...."
,Recommended,274290,13418872,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,MaxKorylus,Amazing game with stylish art and great atmosphere. A unique mix of adventure and survival strategy. And it's not that hard as said almost everywhere.
76561197977277174,Not Recommended,274290,15055223,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,al0ysiushwww,"The game has some merit if you don't mind wasting a few hours per mission in trial and error but skip the ending. If you don't feel like torturing yourself for nothing, do not buy this game."
,Recommended,274290,25820993,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Lindley,"Incredible game. Such an interesting concept and so many different components to each level (Ensure you play it on the original (hardest) difficulty if you want to get the most out of the game)I did however want to clear one thing up. Some of the reviews state that they dislike that so much of it is based on luck. This is not true, although it may seem like that at the beginning or if you're just not fully understanding the game and how to play it - which I can understand would cause it to seem frustrating.There is of course chance elements within the game but every bit of chance involved works in relation to how you play the game and your strategy. You are in full control of the risks you take and are always thouroughly informed with all the varying details of that risk.A lot of the strategy revolves around creating a perfect balance between safety and risks which you will perfect through the failure of the levels, learning from your mistakes, gathering new information and taking more and more into account with each attempt of the level.Advice: Read EVERYTHING and constantly search the visuals and text for clues, indicators and information. There is so much information packed away into each level, it's simply a matter of finding it and using it to your advantage."
76561198117861731,Recommended,274290,19557249,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Reyadh.Rahaman,"This game is all about a very well written non-linear story. The plot and characters are all interesting and dynamic in their own way, which makes you care about them. This is a crucial high point for this game, since you'll be forced to kill those characters you will come to care about. Sacrifice is is the key to this game and you will be forced to make tough decisions every step of the way. If you play this game the way it was meant to be played be prepared to lose often. With each loss comes new information about why you lost, though. So, you get better as you try new things.The visuals are the typical retro-pixel style. This style has been incredibly popular recently, so it's nothing unique, but it is done well and is visually pleasing. It also allows the game to run pretty well since it's not as CPU intensive. Each stage has it's own awesome music, which is nice.This is one of the better ""Choose your path, every choice matters"" games out there and I would highly recommend it to anyone who likes great sci-fi stories and games about tough decision making."
,Recommended,274290,19302105,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,❤Haunted Trash Bag❤,this is the most fun game i have played in awhile if you like hard puzzles and nice pixel sprites then give it a try
,Recommended,274290,19289235,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Greg,"When played on original difficulty, this game is wickedly hard. I want to say it involves too much trial and error and I got sick of losing over and over again, but I really didn't mind. And if you do mind, there are several easier settings to choose from. All in all, a great story and a great game."
76561198010333136,Recommended,274290,19369125,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Rgriff528,Worth it for Chapter 2 alone.Also if you hate yourself its a great torture device.
76561198031830485,Recommended,274290,19449282,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,TheBigSucc,Hostage Kicking Simulator 2015
,Recommended,274290,19515553,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,President of Calendars,"When you feel that you have played every type of game immaginable, it is nice to be surprised by hidden gems like this that leave you wanting more."
,Recommended,274290,19222414,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Mattia Not Found,"While unnecessarily frustraing at times, Gods will be watching is definetely worth a try.The most criticised aspect of the game - its randomness - is indeed a bit too punishing, but it's good to experience it at least once. The danger and thrill of dying during a Russian Roulette is something only this game can give you, and it'd be a shame to miss out on what GWBW can offer.If it gets too frustrating, you can always select an easier difficulty.In general I really enjoyed the game. The writing was good and catchy, the story offers food for thought, and the gameplay played differently than most of the games out there. It's nice how elegant and clean its system design is.Give it a go, especially if discounted."
76561198050102597,Not Recommended,274290,21290779,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Sertun,Replays take too much time. Otherwise this game could be tolerable.
76561198077586013,Recommended,274290,20865236,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Thomas,"Not an adventure game,  but a narative driven management game. It's well designed though not perfect ( crashed twice during my ENTIRE experience )."
,Recommended,274290,20286423,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,waiting for iphone y,it's hard
76561198037414149,Recommended,274290,21152625,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,KoZMo,"""One year ago... the impossible happened.""-Just daydreaming of having passed the first chapter."
,Recommended,274290,13713873,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,(O)RE,"+Pixel Art.+Nice scenario.+Cool dialog options.+Very good soundtrack.+If you want to enjoy the story, there is an easy difficulty option.+Randomly generated details in each act. You won't replay the same stage easily.-Very difficult overall-Only dialogs or dialogged-like decisions for actions. If you are looking for a p&c adventure, this is not one.-Few acts. Each act lasts long, but it gets repetitive and a little bit boring for replayability.-Because of the randomness, many things are based on luck, so you may finish an act easily or you may spend too much time at it.Buy the game if you like pixel art, science fiction or the feeling of old school adventures (gui, gameplay etc)."
76561198109185685,Recommended,274290,21824713,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Peter Lion,"Hard as nails, story driven, point and click game.  Very interesting  style of game play. Reminiscent of choose your own adventure stories. But not quite.  You go through the story interacting with certain scenarios one after the other in chapters.Story is dark and draws you (me) in.  Fairly depressing story as well. Every choice you make will/could effect things later on.Also has a pixel art style that I REALLY enjoy.Hard as 'F'7.73/10"
76561197963941144,Recommended,274290,21895830,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Toast,A game has never made me feel so small. Yes so significant.
,Recommended,274290,21622136,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,HSIAMetalKing,One of the best games I've played
,Recommended,274290,11396153,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,d4ddypu$$yw33d,"the most frustrating game i have ever played in my entire life. for people with more patience, play it. If not, i dont reccomend it.I wrote the above review last year with a do not reccomend. ♥♥♥♥ that♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game has an amazing story to tell. Play it on easy if you are a ♥♥♥♥♥ like me, but play it.P.S.Nihilism FTW"
,Recommended,274290,21908524,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,ReasonablyTall HD 4K,"Excellent game. Somehow fun and harrowing at the same time.Gods Will Be Watching aims (I think) to put you in the position where you can make monstrous decisions, but not 'in a split second of panic' like Walking Dead did; it gives you all the time in the world to choose to do something necessary, but positively atrocious. This way you get to dwell on the ramifications. Also in contrast, this time to Papers Please, only the Gods are watching. How you complete the objective is irrelevant to the game, and there's no 'second booth' assessing your mistakes or concessions. It's quicker to inject a lethal dose of a virus into a human patient to find if the antidote works, and sacrifice your men in the desert to cover more ground, but if you're as immersed as I was this won't be an easy decision.Other reviewers will criticise the mechanics. Other reviewers are missing the point. Most moral choices are down to chance at the end of the day.Long and the short of it is; I went in as a total pacifist and within ten minutes I was rationalising the knee-capping of tied up hostages."
76561198074674215,Not Recommended,274290,21933700,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Doc Mitchell,"I Dont know if i can reccomend this game. i never have been a fan of games that are unbelievably hard to the point the entire game loses its charm and fun but this is a niche for those kind of people. This is game is hard. Expect everything to go wrong, expect the things similiar to When your soldier misses point blank in X-COM levels of insanity and everything being against you. Secondly there is only autosave and it only saves at the beginning of the chapter and when you leave. But say you are at the last part of a chapter and your character dies you must start all over from the start of the chapter despite how hard and infuriating it was to get there. The game punishes you for everything. For example in the first chapter, if you do not shhot, kick or be mean in any way the hostages will revolt that's a good thing. But in the 2nd stage and you say you want information so you can lie better, It's full of♥♥♥♥♥♥ helped only once other than that better hope the RNG gods have mercy on your soul. I did not enjoy the game but i hope someone else will enjoy it more than i have. All that is left to say is  Thank God I got it on sale"
76561198173851118,Recommended,274290,21942202,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,simon armitage,great but hard game
76561198033661160,Recommended,274290,20215523,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Abdurrahman,"The one game that allows you (Nay, requires you) to be Hannibal Lecter, Dr. Morriarty, and Darth Vader... all while keeping the moral high ground.They say psychopaths can only think of the positive outcomes of their actions. Keep that in mind while playing.Gods Will Be Watching... and hopefully, forgiving."
,Recommended,274290,20266869,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,emredog,Absolutely the best game i played in 2015. The story and the dialogs are brilliant.Couldn't recommend it enough.
,Recommended,274290,19805001,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Sternie,"A resource management puzzler with a story that integrates your choices pretty well.  You will fail, iterate, then succeed no matter the cost.  It's rather like Dark Souls in a way."
,Recommended,274290,19708442,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Ravel,"If you're on the fence, trust yourself and buy this game. It will break you of bad habbits of the RPG genre. You will discover more about yourself through the journey of this game than through any game you will have played in the last five years. Good luck, and don't godspeed."
,Recommended,274290,19826096,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Dude579,"Great dark story, it is more of a resource management game where the resource you are mainly managing is survival. Highly recommend."
76561198071848230,Recommended,274290,19834463,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Byte,This Game is Cruel. And it does not give a ♥♥♥♥. So good luck...9/10
76561198084183153,Recommended,274290,20098231,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,HolyShit,"Wow.. What a game.. Intense, surprising, brutal, and somewhat philosophical. Exactly the kind of game i want to play.. Kept me busy for some hours and i couldnt let it go until i reached the end.. and the end ;)Really worth a try!!"
76561198072486506,Recommended,274290,20079142,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,gribblet,This is a super fresh & interesting way of looking at an adventure game. There are challenges that get too long (keep going after you've mastered the mechanic) and the narrative sometimes gets a bit... thick. But it's a solid experience that pulls you along really well & is satisfying to complete.
76561198020882236,Recommended,274290,20674042,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Cpt Thule,"The feels man, great game and very intense action choices live with you forever"
,Recommended,274290,20759913,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Starman,"This game makes me feel weird.Which is a good thing, I think....?"
76561197984743364,Recommended,274290,20708743,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,vapour,"other puzzle solving point and clicks will have you find a stick, add something to it and then have knock something down. The usual find the only five things to click on and use them.This is not one of those.I love it due to the insane complexity:you need a girl friend, but you dont have a job, you need a job but you dont have a car, you need a car but you dont have a job, you have a gun but this attracts cops, and you have 5 days to do this in before some one walks off with the girl. most of the puzzles have more than 4 dynamics to them and you have to complete them all.it also adds in a fair amount of chance.so you may find yourself playing the same thing over and over again.chapters 1-4 took me 3 hours, I have been in chapter 5 for the last 4 hours.we need more games like this."
76561198103635798,Recommended,274290,25117048,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,timo.aun87,"Couldn't stop playing until I beat it. Twice. Many people would find this game too hard and tedious, but I found it very enjoyable."
,Recommended,274290,25045555,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Romi,"For those who like frustrating and repetitive challenges. As much as I don`t like them, I realize they`re well made."
76561198067225629,Recommended,274290,25029221,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Altamura,One of the most interesting games I've played in the last years. Brief but intense. Fun and hard. An amazing game.
76561198093216081,Recommended,274290,24808849,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Theta,This wonderful game is all about moral dilemas and surving hard scenarios. ive had fun losing and winning this game. any hardcore gamer should play this
76561198080186155,Recommended,274290,17011853,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Dangerlurking,Gets far into the 2nd level gets to play russian roulette we both get killed with the 1st shot 10/10 has to restart the level from the beginning. Much crying and rage afterwords finishes the stadge after 10 other triesBONUS: You can be equally dark as the game is for example in the later stadges you hold a group hostadge trying to figure out passwords you can threaten to shoot people purswade them hit them or free them or exhange a password for a person to be freed there is also a child in the scinareo with his mother watching so what I immedieatly did was threaten to kill him nobody tells a password shoot the child his mother has a heart attack so they both die from that point on nobody that was there was ever the same they still have nightmares of burden killing the child and her mother falling over and her shaking on the ground then dying. I love this game10/10
76561198120587172,Recommended,274290,14261657,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Swegmaster,"After replaying with the puzzle mode that allows you to disable random variables, ill give this game a 8.2/10 its hard even on easy mode, but the new modes allow much more lineacy and for that game developers i thank you."
,Recommended,274290,17172862,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Brentius Caeterson,"Pick it up on a sale and be prepared for...Cruel deaths, horrible failures and abusive situations.Glorious victories, satisfying puzzles and an amazing soundtrack."
76561198068396670,Not Recommended,274290,16505057,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Revan Mandrake,"This game....really it gave me headaches, I really wanted to like it, buuuut it´s bad don´t buy it.The game has a feeling of work to it that I just don´t enjoy also it misslead me with the description."
76561198062197497,Recommended,274290,16812239,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,gaben circulation,This game is insane. Its conclusion left me speechless for hours.
,Recommended,274290,16837147,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Han Yolo,"Some of the best hard sci-fi I've ever encountered, in this world or the next."
76561198070178126,Recommended,274290,16430578,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,AsianCaucasian,"If you're into unforgiving, consequence-driven storylines and are a multitasking master, you will love this game."
,Recommended,274290,16433738,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,bisquick,"This is one of the greatest plots in any game I have ever played. If you endure the suffering of playing the cruel levels, you will find that you are in love with the characters. If you get to the ending, you will see one of the most poetic endings and it will be worthwhile."
76561198066642453,Recommended,274290,16434312,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,WITCHES,"This is an excellent adventure game. Extremely difficult at times, but immensely gratifying when you eventually succeed. Great story, terrific pixel art, unique approach to adventure genre gameplay."
,Recommended,274290,16416608,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Boom95,Hungergames meets Star Trek meets NES
76561198057976822,Recommended,274290,27831274,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,HE PERDIDO,It's like an clasic Sci-fi movie but is a game. A painfull game.
76561198051817583,Recommended,274290,28137403,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Isaaaca,"Gameplay is basically numbers and luck, but it's wrapped soooo well in it's moral choices and story that you'll feel compelled to play through it."
76561197993537024,Recommended,274290,27736967,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kowix,Fantastic game. 10/10
76561198052176378,Recommended,274290,27868947,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,McBreezy,"Oh boy, this game messes with your head (in a good way), that meaning the story line is very interesting. While presenting snipets of the story to you, it gives you a task to complete (which is usually no easy feat, and challenges your brain). You become attatched to the characters, and eventually may have to decide their fates. The colors, pixel art, and animation used are the best I've seen in any pixel game. The DLC which as released really ties ends together for the story and is an overall great addition to the game.It's kinda one of those games that you may want to play all over again just to understand it."
,Recommended,274290,27868953,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Hideoyomi,"I had tried to beat the game so hard in the browser version years ago.Now I'm learnig how does the story started and i'm pretty sure It will keep me struggle til I'll reach the END.A very dangerous experience, We r gonna learn how to act morally and wisely or else GODS WILL PUNISH ALL OF US."
76561198080493208,Recommended,274290,28473231,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,iampantherman,"The endless struggle to impact our environment and circumstances measured against the inevitable and ultimate futility of such efforts- that's what Gods Will Be Watching encapsulates beautifully. In life (and in GWBW) we try repeatedly to affect outcomes, despite the fact that results are largely out of our hands. Our actions are always causing change to the total picture, but no one can be sure that the actions we choose to take will result in the changes we seek. It's a lottery and a crapshoot where we play percentages, roll the dice, and hope for the best. That helplessness - that we often deceive ourselves into believing is fallacious - is reinforced in life time and again, yet we continue to believe in our power and control over circumstance. It really is quite amusing in a darkly comedic way. And it's easy to understand why it's more comfortable to believe in our sovereignty. Firstly, to act at all would be rather pointless if we accept the alternative. Additionally, despite all evidence pointing to our near-total insignificance and impotence, we desire, we dream, we want. So we push and we sometimes see outcomes that are in harmony with that pushing, reinforcing our desperately held notion that we are, in fact, making these things happen. This is the flavor imparted by ""Gods"" for me, and I found it to be quite compelling.In terms of the actual execution of things mechanically, it really boils down to a game of prioritization. You are continually faced with desired objectives that are often balanced precariously against opposing forces. You are faced with questions about what you can sacrifice, where you can yield versus elements that must not be compromised. And these factors are always dynamically changing, forcing continual reassessment of your circumstances. In this juggling act, balls WILL fall and you will struggle to come to terms with your relative helplessness.In contrast to the aforementioned idea, however, there are strategies that work here, and you can achieve your aim, but in the end, you are still faced with the humbling and sobering realization that despite getting what you wanted, it had little to no affect on anything.I don't want to get specific in regards to the narrative because I think it is best experienced personally, but suffice it to say that I found it gripping. This was a game that I found grew on me over time and with failure. I was drawn in to the point that my failures weren't a deterrent to my desire to press on, and so it is apparently with us in real life. We act, we fail, and we continue on, sometimes seeing results we desire giving impetus to our continued action."
76561198046849117,Recommended,274290,26990068,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cash Cab,"I freaking love this game. It looks nice, has a cool story, and is a great concept for a game."
,Recommended,274290,26957327,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Racaoma,"One of the best indie games i've ever played, and one of the hardest too. If you beat the first level (which may take quite a while believe me), the story just won't leave your mind."
,Recommended,274290,26971338,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fidelis,"Although it is in part RNG-driven, the challenging gameplay of GWBW is very rewarding and never feels cheap or unfair while having an amazing story on top.If you like games that don't treat you like a vegetative state baby and/or the idea of parallel universes and/or pixel art and/or fashionable blonde dudes, you will most likely like Gods Will Be Watching."
,Recommended,274290,26880248,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,"Frank - Can't Stop, Won't Stop","An absolutely astounding game. The difficulty was definitely part of its charm (at least for me), and the music, as well as their alternatives, was exceptional"
,Not Recommended,274290,26745344,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,f4ri007 [Fijú],way too hard first mission. lost interest completely in the game after i kept dying for an hour without making any real progress
76561198053058189,Recommended,274290,26624049,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Chronie,The game mainly is done through dialogue choices in puzzles with slight variations on the result. Possible to win every challenge but you are increasingly at the mercy of RNG (random number generation) as you progress. This game is not for everyone and your choices matter as if people die the next challenge gets harder. If you cannot stand torture or other dark themes this game is not for you.
76561198044131703,Recommended,274290,27166693,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Karl Poppa',This game will break you in all the right ways.
,Recommended,274290,19974872,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Honest Jerk,This is the best god damn story I have ever played.Even It's full price is a joke according to it's quality.
,Recommended,274290,27099494,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BroodingJustice76816,I LIEK THE DOGE ANd It is real;ly hard 2 gwtet all the achievemenrts'.(This Comment has no speling mistakes)
,Recommended,274290,28733521,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Lord Covenant,"This game has some amazing ideas... Initially, it looks like a point-and-click adventure, with great graphics and animation... but it's so different from that, it's like 6 puzzles that you have to master. Not logic puzzles, but human interaction puzzles, which is amazing.Story was interesting as well.Only downsize was the randomness of it all, but when I played it with randomness turned down (you can set it from the new game menu), the game really clicked for me... Maybe for other people, the random factors are fun, but for me they were just frustrating...All in all, it's a great buy!"
76561198006509480,Recommended,274290,28745744,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,gulbrand18,"My first review on steam; just felt this game was getting an unfair rep. Fantastic atmosphere, a story that keeps you guessing and challenging, innovative gameplay. What more can you ask of a game?Gods will be watching is a cross between retro point and click and survival sim, with focus on the second.Original mode at first seems punishingly difficult, but you learn from your mistakes and as you get the hang of it some of the later levels almost get too easy. I played through the game+DLC on original in about 12-13 hours and would have been bored if it didn't put of more of a fight.Is it for everyone? Probably not. But if you like the aesthetic and atmosphere of games like Gemini Rue and enjoy rougelike strategy games, then I think you will thoroughly enjoy this. Not saying it is a rougelike strategy per se, but it has the same element of teaching the game mechanics through failure, which makes it all the more satisfying when you get the hang of it."
76561198087220255,Recommended,274290,31874782,Posted: 20 May,all,TheRealZorah,"Gods Will Be Watching has a wonderful narrative buried beneath its chance-based puzzles. I appreciate it tried to be creative, and the writing is pretty good from what I've seen. That's enough for me to leave a recommendation, but be warned--you may, like me, never finish the game. So just keep that in mind going in. There is no shame in playing on the easiest difficulty, and even if you never see the resolution of the story, the situations this game puts you in are thought-provoking and demonstrate needs-based morality unlike any other game I've played, since in the end you have to acknowledge that your crew members' lives are all forfeit to the horrible calculus that is required to progress through this game."
76561198074292362,Recommended,274290,31905968,Posted: 22 May,all,Napalm,"played russian pirate version of this game, i like it very much! atmosphere, music, dialogs, gameplay, all is cool, i just dislike horrible random and unfarly hard chapter in desert XD (it's really hard to complete). In the rest of all it's good, i decided to buy this game, because i like it, also the new chapter is released, i hope for further continuation, cuz hardcore is funny :) and all who do not agree with that can go play kopatel online)"
76561198068018389,Recommended,274290,32041536,Posted: 29 May,all,AA,Great game the characters look real. The game is intense. It desensitises if you run a mission too much. You always want to save everyone.Instead of holding your hand this game holds it. Drops you off  middle of desert for you to figure out how to get out.The only thing keeping your from finishing this game is your attention to detail. You don't need much enough to understand RGN is not what's killing your level.
76561198004068349,Not Recommended,274290,32165246,Posted: 3 June,all,oak606,"As much as I enjoyed the art style, narrative, dialogue and music of the game, ultimately these aspects were all tarnished by the game's design. Even on the 'easiest' difficulty setting you're likely to need to redo missions a number of times before you succeed, meaning you can be hearing the same music and reading more or less the same dialogue between characters over and over for 30-60mins. This rapidly reduced the novelty I initially felt during each level and instead made the levels a bit of a chore. Compounding this, after persisting through the more arduous moments in the game I was hoping for more of a satisyfing ending to the game, but rather what we are left with felt convoluted and annoying rather than clever or thought provoking as I think the devs were attempting to pull off. As a result, the real narrative they'd built up during the game of the struggle between the two factions felt abandonded and thus wasted. So overall,sadly I feel like there are better uses of game players' time."
76561198091949345,Recommended,274290,32046916,Posted: 29 May,all,LeoJFBR,"So... The game is interesting (it deals with real issues of war and terrorism). Somewhat (it is way too hard, even on light mode). Not a lot (forget about being hard, sometimes it doesn't make sense and you will get bored).Graphycs: niceStory: niceControls: horriblePace: badHUD: horribleMusic: okOnly buy it if you are not looking for action but for a different perspective on games.I bought it on a sale and for that price it was worth."
,Recommended,274290,32056276,Posted: 29 May,all,Svartekunst,"Makes you feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥by the end, but intentionally."
76561198040607673,Recommended,274290,32794037,Posted: 25 June,all,Unsung Paladin,"The game is interesting but I thought it would be more like a point-and-click adventure game. It plays more like a management sim. You are placed in a variety of scenarios where you have to balance resource levels such as food, energy, ammo, aggression, fear, etc. This is not really what I expected it would be based on the trailer. It's okay but it was really not what I was expecting or hoping for."
,Recommended,274290,32916181,Posted: 27 June,all,Lizard,"Simple and appealing graphics. Tough decisions. Great story. And extremely challenging gameplay. Objectievly, this is one of the greatest video games I have ever played.It should be noted that ORIGINAL difficulty is only for true hardcore gamers. You WILL fail a LOT. It WILL feel like a torture and it WILL frustrate you.If you are not willing to sacrifice a couple of hours repeating the same episode over and over again until you figure out how to beat it via trial and error, DO NOT, I repeat, DO NOT play on ORIGINAL difficulty. You don't have to hurt yourself.Also, for extremely fragile people there is a ""Story"" difficulty."
,Recommended,274290,29216455,Posted: 12 January,all,herkal,"Gods will be watchingOr the game that ♥♥♥♥ with its player until the very end.(there won’t be any concrete spoilers here !)And i mean that with all my affection. It’s a great game, from it’s way to put action as a mean for narration and never long♥♥♥♥♥explanations instead, to its very interesting characters that are just enough developped for you to care about them and the story around.The original ending (before the epilogue chapter) was extremely sad in my opinion, logical, well done and terrible, but sad. It’s the kind of game that you finish with that sour taste in your mouth. You “won” as, you finished the game, but you didn’t “won” in term of story, no matter what you did, because yes, your actions really have impact as a player level.When i started the epilogue i had the foolish hope that, maybe, they were going for a somewhat more “satisfactory” ending (again, the original ending is great and perfect, but you are frustrated xD) and the more you go, the more you know they won’t change their mind all of a sudden. You won’t get any kind of regular satisfaction. Nah, that’s not this kind of game.It’s the kind of game that under a very clever scenario and actually false simple designs (because they are ♥♥♥♥ing detailed and well think really) asks you questions, characters give answers, their answers, their doubts, but it’s more about puting you in front of various paths and leaving you with that taste of “maybe”, that thought “maybe if i choosed, if “they” choosed, to do that instead, it would be different.” and it makes you think about your reality outside of the game and it’s really rare for a game to take the risk to do that, especially not this directly.Especially when it’s done that well.Gods will be watching is a bittersweet game, that you leave sad, a bit frustrated, but happy that you had the experience. I can only recommand to anybody interested in good story and game (because really the actions are great too) to play it."
76561198031897812,Recommended,274290,29769865,Posted: 7 February,all,sargsoeren,"""God Will Be Watching"" was for me the most immersive Pixel-Art Sci-Fi Adventure only follow by ""7 Day A Sceptic"" and even with ""6 Days A Sacrifce"". I spent another 14 hours on playing it inclunding the epic free DLC. If you can spare the time, spare it, learn it, everything makes sense. Great game, would like to have more of this style and with such a deep story, nice 4th wall breaks included, please."
76561198161606184,Recommended,274290,29855118,Posted: 11 February,all,mcrobine,"This is a great experience, it will shatter your ethics, put a lot of pressure on you and make your heart stop for a moment as you make a risky move. No game has got me thinking like this one before.The game is also hard has hell, experimentation is your friend. Guides can help you if needed.It explores a very hard and dark part of humanity in most critical situation.This is a suicide mission."
76561198004044383,Recommended,274290,30150617,Posted: 24 February,all,Schlennsen,This game is just mindblowing and unique.It questions your moral and ethics in a nice way and makes you maybe think a bit about your own life and how you would handle the misery.Totally worth it!Would get philosophical again...
76561197983774187,Recommended,274290,31127527,Posted: 13 April,all,Sorry4KillU,"Oh boy, where to even begin on a game like this? It is, in a word, brutal. The game drops you in a situation that seems absolutely hopeless, and you're expected to manage that impossible situation and come out ahead. When you get through one chapter, you'll breathe a sigh of relief, and then remember the next chapter will probably be just as difficult and hopeless. It is.That's not to say it isn't enjoyable. This definitely is NOT a game for everyone, but I happen to love the art and the weird nihilistic tone of the whole thing. It satisfied my need to micro manage, even though in many cases, this game asks you to do too much on purpose. Here's main goal 1 and main goal 2, but don't forget these other 6 things and keep an eye on the moods and stamina because lets throw even more ways to lose in there. Not to mention the RNG is wonderfully cruel in this game. You can play every choice 100 percent perfect and still lose sometimes! That's life. Good play is not always rewarded. Sometimes you'll lose people. You'll learn hard lessons, you'll replay levels, you'll probably get frustrated.Some chapters are better than others, bad luck on chapter 5 is going to make a lot of people salty. This game is special. It's not what I thought it would be. It's almost intimidating to open it up and play, like you just know it's going to kick your butt. It's dark and difficult and hopeless. I beat it in less than 7 hours (not including DLC chapter) but if someone asked me how long it took, I would have guessed 20 hours. The time spent in this game is dense time.Somehow, I like it."
,Recommended,274290,31306205,Posted: 22 April,all,Happy Crazy,"I didn't run into the frustrations everyone else seemed to and completed the game on Original, maybe I got lucky or maybe I faired better at managing resources. I even completed a couple of missions straight through without needing to restart. I think the largest obstacle players face is the first mission as the overall gameplay will still be unfamiliar to a new player in that they need to carefully manage resources.The game tries hard to push nihilism, but due to my success in the various scenarios it felt more like I was prevailing against immorality, as I completed the game on Original without doing anything extreme or immoral and kept my buddies alive as best I could, who cares if the game says ""b-but your choices never mattered in the end!"" constantly throughout the story, your choices mattered in the moment and defined who you are, just as every action we take in life has a rippling effect across our world. Also your choices do matter in the very end, to a large degree too.Punch the angsty nihilism in its face just like you would Nietzche, and if you have trouble with restarts as others seem to there are other difficulties that will allow you to avoid this.Overall it's not bad and had interesting concepts that were implemented in the game."
,Recommended,274290,31499584,Posted: 1 May,all,Good Mouth Feel,"The main game-loop involves you being presented with scenarios where you have to juggle multiple needs and a win condition in order to succeed. You will die, a lot, until you figure out how to balance everything, but that all feeds into the narrative in the end."
76561197995418576,Recommended,274290,31891489,Posted: 21 May,all,Ragequit,"Beautiful graphics, interesting story, well-written dialogue and an innovative game design with high replayability. Plus, it's dirt cheap at the moment. Don't be frustrated by the difficulty, no shame in completing it in one of the easier modes first, you'll want to come back to try again after having finished it once."
,Recommended,274290,34053322,Posted: 5 August,all,Themacuser751,interesting story with significant challenge.
76561198036344001,Recommended,274290,34047229,Posted: 5 August,all,キルケー,"A really refreshing and innovative narrative puzzle experience, that leaves you puzzled about its morale afterwards."
