user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,274350,20520710,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Tom,"Dropsy is a point and click adventure game with a really interesting pixel graphic art style that was released in September 2015, being developed by Tendershoot and A Jolly Corpse.In all good point and click style, Dropsy is a confusing yet very entertaining adventure game. The game’s puzzles and game world environment are all extremely interesting to explore and solve. Following the trend of classic point and clicks, some of the puzzles make no sense what so ever and you will be resorting to the help of forums and wiki posts to progress without wanting to spoil too much of the surprise. Dropsy the clown only wants to help people, as you wander around the modern day world solving small puzzles for anyone you come across, all you want in return is a simple hug. It has a very creepy vibe throughout the whole game that is portrayed excellently through the main character, Dropsy.  Very early on in the game you assemble a party of three other characters, these are a dog, a bird and a mouse. These other party members can be used to complete puzzles, find more items and explore parts of the environment that Dropsy would not otherwise be able to do himself.The art style in Dropsy is gorgeous. The pixel art style that takes you back to yesteryear showing off exactly how you pull of the pixel graphics to a very high standard. The game’s animation of all the character is splendid too, with not one wrong move being seen throughout. You will also be very creeped out by a lot of the art in the game too; some of it is very trippy, a lot of it has a really dark feel to it whilst being in a very colourful scheme, but this fits very well with the main character being a Clown though. The art is definitely my favourite aspect of this game.Even though the game does not have any spoken English dialogue, you are still able to get a grasp of the game’s plot. It has some very sad and tragic undertones, whilst also being bright and cheerful at points too. Most of the game’s story is portrayed with the use of thought bubbles above character’s head. I thought this was a very interesting way of getting the plot across to the player as it leaves a lot of it up to the player’s imagination as well.Dropsy was a very difficult game to complete; I think if I didn’t have the aid of a walkthrough at times I probably wouldn’t have been able to complete it. Some of the puzzles and solutions are just fundamentally whacky and I really don’t see how anyone could solve them without some sort of prior knowledge of the game. Throughout the game, you will also have the opportunity to collect lots of collectable items as well, this adds to the game’s longevity and offers a little diversion from the main plot when you need a bit of a break.I finished Dropsy in just under six hours; this was with completing the majority of the side puzzles for the citizens of the town on top of collecting the other items as well. The game is split into 5 chapters as sort, the first four chapters take about an hour each to complete, whereas the last chapter is more or less just one long cut scene with very little interaction being needed at all. There isn’t any real replay ability in the title as the ending will be the same whatever, but there has been points which you can change the reaction of some of the characters in the latter stage of the game, depending on how you treated them on your play through – whilst this may not be a massive change on the game, it may add a little replay ability for fans of the point and click genre.I didn’t have any technical problems during my play through, there isn’t a tutorial in the game, but if you have some knowledge of point and click games, you will be able to work it out very quickly as the inventory and controls are all the same.Dropsy is one of the better point and click games I have played in recent memory, with a very exciting but sad story on top of some beautiful graphics and art style. The game’s low price of £6, 99 should be considered a bargain given the production values on show here. I cannot recommend this top notch indie title enough.Tom's Score Card1) Stay away2) Not Recommended3) Only recommended when on sale4) Recommended5) Highly recommended6) This is a must playIf you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over athttp://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/Please also check out Completing the Backlog's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!http://store.steampowered.com/app/274350"
76561198013074398,Recommended,274350,17987322,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Brokusu,"After one playthrough I barely can tell what I just played. Dropsy is a heartwarming and beautiful game, with some really creepy moments.As the title says, this is a hugventure. And it really is. If you would just complete the main riddles, the game should be pretty short. But it feels like Dropsy's actual goal is to make everyone happy and so it is the thing you will do most of the time.With that in mind, the whole character of Dropsy is wonderful and I always just wanted to hug everyone. Especially that lil dog that follows you the whole time (One of the cutest game characters I know). The soundtrack is fitting perfectly into it. While it can be very creepy, or sometimes different, it always fits to the cuteness or creepiness of the game. Followed by the wonderful art, that can only be described as the very best pixel art since the old Lucas Arts adventures, this game should be considered not just a game, but pure art.I will definitely play this again and can already say, that this is one of the best games of the year. If it isn't even my favorite.Jay Tholen, you are great! Please don't let this be the last thing we see of Dropsy and his sidekicks, because it was just too great to be the end. I will look out for every game you will ever make."
,Recommended,274350,32242766,Posted: 7 June,all,Twitchy,Dropsy is a clown that folks around town are wrong about!When I first saw this game I wasn't quite sure how to feel about it. I got it while it was on sale and played it and after a little bit I was in love with this clown and his goofy ways. I think dropsy is like a kid or someone with a kind of disability. I don't mean to be rude by saying that but that's how I see him. The game is a really different from most games. There's no text anywhere in the game at all witch is really cool and playing and your trying to earn the trust back of all the towns people and hug them and all is right in the world! It also has a lot of sweet music to so I would suggest the warm damp hug edition to.So overall: get the game its great!
,Recommended,274350,18039480,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Hahahrawrrahaha,"Ask anybody, I'm dead inside. But this game made me feel. If you like adventure games and have a soul, it's more than worth your time to play Dropsy. If you don't like adventure games or have a soul, I'm sorry. You sound like you need a hug.I give this game, 2 hugs up."
,Recommended,274350,32829448,Posted: 26 June,all,Don't Hate The Kate,Never had a game make me feel so happy and sad at the same time.Don't play if you don't like hugs
,Recommended,274350,18031474,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,bobert awful (F+),"One of the reasons I love Devolver Digital is that they are willing to take bets on outlandish♥♥♥♥♥♥ Whereas other publishers would see a point and click adventure game about a functionally illiterate clown man who only wants to be loved and run the ♥♥♥♥ in the other direction, Devolver Digital charges headfirst towards it, eager and willing to be the recipient of terrifying damp clown hugs. Even if, so far, the reaction to Dropsy has been a little less than lukewarm.Dropsy is one of the weirdest goddamn games I've ever played. It plays a lot like an old school SCUMM-VM title with all the modern user interface conveniences thrown in, and that's a big ♥♥♥♥ing plus - you can look the part with the beautiful '90s era pixel-art scenery, but you don't have to go all in and start forcing players to play with a verb bar that takes up 35% of the screen. A lot of the fat has been cut out and it allowed me to focus on what mattered - figuring out what the ♥♥♥♥ to do with half of my inventory to EARN THOSE WARM DAMP HUGS.Earning those damp hugs, though, is not entirely easy, and it's partially due to the fact that the game is centered around a character who is functionally illiterate. And that's a big plus - in order to figure out what I had to do next, I had to disabuse myself of my inclination to focus on the language and pick up on the details surrounding the game. It alienated and made me feel like a tourist! But even then, a lot of the time I was wandering around, trying to figure out what to do next while feeling really stupid, like I did with classic point-and-click adventures. Some of it was due to my own incompetence, but I feel I can pin some blame on the game's idiosyncracies. The daytime/nighttime system feels like an inconvenience and I felt it could have been left out without sacrificing too much of the dynamic feel of the world. Some of the puzzles just felt too plainly obscure, and the developer saying something to that effect in the game forums kind of cemented my suspicions. If I were a veteran of these kinds of games, I probably would have had no problem, but I'm not, and I felt kind of lost.Along the way, you can do all sorts of side-quests where you are able to hug people, kind of like an open-world game system where you figure out solutions to people's pressing dilemmas. One in particular, in fact. One where there's dragons and swords and vampires. I forget what the name of it is. Starts with an S. I know some people modded their anime waifus into it.Oh, yeah! Skyrim! This game is like Skyrim, but with hugs."
76561197973027454,Recommended,274350,17979213,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Hampig,Right away I'm extremely charmed. Ten minutes in and it's making me smile.
,Recommended,274350,18111599,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Original *Space* Name,"I hugged people and made them happy.Honestly what can I say about the game that hasnt been said.Its entertaining and stuff, plus it has a really rad soundtrack, but I really dont wanna spoil anything so buy it and enjoy it like I did or something."
,Recommended,274350,18231117,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Orayn,Dropsy is sad and sweet and wonderful and makes me wish I could create something even half as genuine.
,Recommended,274350,32208275,Posted: 5 June,all,Indigo,"This is the happiest game I've played since the original Chibi-Robo on Gamecube (which... come to think of it, this game reminds me of very strongly).It's a game where you're a creepy clown guy, and you just want to hug everyone (and everything), but you're freaky looking so you have to win their hearts by doing nice things for them. That's... basically the lot of it, there are some deeper plotlines that are hanging around in the background, but the gist of your motivation is ""make people happy so you can hug them,"" but it executes the concept so well that it just works, the phrase ""elegance in simplicity"" comes to mind.It's all the good things of a point and click distilled into their purest form, it is a lean, satisfying short experience devoid of unnecessary filler. There aren't even any legible words in the game, everything is told with pictures and illustrations (I believe the implication is that Dropsy has the mind/worldview of a child and can't read), but it's usually fairly clear what you're supposed to do, and it's thankfully free of the ""adventure game logic"" that plauges many games of this genera, the puzzles are all logical and with one or two exceptions I'd say you could absolutely 100% this game with no hints. The art style and tone is bright and colourful, but simultaniously creepy and macabre (this game goes some pretty dark places, especially towards the end), and I adore the aesthetic, I'm a fan of pixel art done well, and this is some good stuff.Also, I've gotta comment on the sountrack, I love it, it's consistantly upbeat and relaxing (most of the tracks wouldn't feel out of place in a Kirby game), it fits the tone of the game perfectly.The best way to sum this this game up is that it's a childrens game for adults, and I mean that in the best possible way.There is legitimately almost nothing I disliked about this game, I liked it so much that I burned through almost all of it one sitting, and if that ain't a reccomendation I don't know what is.I give it two malformed nub things up!"
,Recommended,274350,18013027,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,JoshuaLee Hawkeye,One of the best Point and Click Adventure games I've ever played. It's amazing how much emotion is conveyed without ever actually speaking a word. I love the twisted world and Dropsy's innocence throughout everything. Everything about this game was a great experience and you can tell a lot of love went into it.
,Recommended,274350,18033022,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Sai_Deschain,"If you had told me I'd feel emotional about a game featuring a clown I would've laughed at you but this is what happened and I wouldn't have it any other way.Dropsy is one of the most unique games I have encountered in terms of characters, settings and story, which might be why I enjoyed it so much. I can't recommend this game enough, when you play this game you will feel as if the game is hugging you back.http://www.kickstartadventure.com/home/dropsy-review/"
76561198213387056,Recommended,274350,31516760,Posted: 2 May,all,Nairiel,"It's one of those game where it makes you inquisitive and sad but warm and fuzzy inside at the same time.It represents innocence and pure empathy in a world of lonely, angry, bitter and sad people very well and this is personal opinion but I also feel like Dropsy symbolizes those adults with down syndromes and those who stayed as a children on the inside but grew on the outside. But that's a personal observation and everyone perceives the game differently."
,Recommended,274350,32019984,Posted: 28 May,all,Kyller3030[RO],"Surprisingly good writing for a game that doesn't contain words.It's unusual in it's theme and execution, this one probably being the firstopen-world point&click hugventureI've ever seen."
,Recommended,274350,18039966,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Doggy Davis,"After its success in ""A Boy and His Blob"", I'm pleased to see another game make use of a Hug Button."
76561198140299850,Recommended,274350,18006292,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,foofaraw,"I only have two or three offline hours in on ""Dropsy"" so far, but since I notice several friends are interested, I'll give a brief overview.Dropsy was a circus clown until the circus burned, leaving the town distrustful of poor, no-handed, dentally challenged Dropsy. (Oddly enough, one of the interaction icons is a hand.) So Dropsy must travel through the town and countryside, restoring his good name as he gives hugs to any and all, resolving their many issues along the way. But Dropsy is not alone, travelling with his (dog with a snout? pig?) who pees where he goes, gaining the same rewards as Dropsy's hugs.The player can control either Dropsy or his pet at any moment. There is little prelim info offered, but additional options are hugs (people, squirrels, trees rocks, you name it), inventory (as he reaches down into his pants) and settings/saves. There are two others I have yet to obtain. This is a land of mostly unhappy people, with sadness of their own. The sad people have no time or use for Dropsy, so Dropsy must solve their problems as best he can, in order to give them his trademark hugs.The problem is that there are no words or speech in this land; all is told in pictures. Even sentences (of a sort) are related in little pictures, so the intent is usually vague. But mistrust of Dropsy is never vague, and his feeling are crushed often. Yet he never quits, working day and night in an interesting system that tells you where you currently are in a 24-hour clock. Some tasks can only happen during one or the other, and Dropsy must sometimes sleep, even though the result may be horrifying dreams about blood, or his deceased parents.I'm enjoying Dropsy enough so far as to justify its price. The OST seemed a bit steep at $10US, so I passed. Actually, the music included is more than serviceable, and I'm enjoying it very much. (Still, if I could justify the expense, and the OST is of the quality of the rest of the game, I'd be inclined to say ""Go for it!)(As with most Steam games, offline game time is not recorded.)"
76561198009611899,Recommended,274350,18038517,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Mademoiselle Karma,"So Dropsy is a Point-and-Click-Adventure strongly reminding me of the 90s. Gameplay wise it reminded me the strongest of the Legend of Kyrandia Series by Westwood. It also reminded me of a kids game I had on Commodore 64, which was a Winnie The Pooh game, where the goal was to collect all items and bring them to the right character. Despite those similarities tho Dropsy is a very unique game of its own kind.The biggest strength of this game is its character design. The main character looks scary at first, but as soon as you play a few moments you notice how adorable he is and that you shouldn't judge a book by its colour. Besides of that the NPCs are really intresting as well. They are very well pixeled and even tho there is no dialogue, they all have their own character. All that is portrayed by great animations.There are also quite a few weird and quirky moments in this game, some of you may even call them creepy. But if you like these kinda things like I do, it will only make you love the game more.Dropsy is one of those games, that comes out of nowhere just to make you smile."
,Recommended,274350,18063847,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,(YouTube)Dragnix,"Summary:This game doesn't clown around: it hits hard with the story and presentation from the get go, and delivers a Point and Click adventure experience that will tug on your heart strings, and will make the concerns of your day go away. And yet, beyond the surface is a story that has underlying themes that don't hit you heavy handed with them, but cause those looking for them to think about what they truly mean. Dropsy is definitely worth your time and money if you've played any sort of point and click adventure and remotely enjoyed it, and the few faults that can be found are overshadowed heavily by the game's charm and it's ability to evoke feeling. This year a lot of good point and clicks have come out in Anna's Quest and Technobabylon, but Dropsy stands as the leader of the bunch at this point. 10 bucks? Well worth it.Gameplay Footage and Video Review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8IDAEGR7Pp4Lists:+:Bleeds Charm. The game is one of the most heart touching games I've played, where even the darkest hearts will be touched.The accessible story will touch those looking for a light-hearted tale, but those looking for more deep commentary will find it if they look.Puts together a fantastic story without saying a word. Use of imagery is strong and tells you all you need to know.Presentation adds to the storytelling with a good variety of locations as well as beautifully put together pixel art. In particular, animations work fantastic, in particular with Dropsy the Clown.Variety of characters that you care about and want to know more about. Great world building.Humorous moments are few, but deliver when they are executed.Great varied soundtrack, especially in the findable cassettes.Dedicated Hug Action. Need I say more.Have I mentioned the charm? I think I need to mention the charm. It's got charm.-:When you get lost, the game doesn't do a reasonable job of pushing you in the right direction.Did face a significant bug that stopped process on that save entirely.Would have like to have seen keyboard controls for certain menus implemented. Would like to have seen screen resolution options.I wanted to hug the ground."
,Recommended,274350,17992524,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Malik,"Dropsy is easily one of the most charming and creative games I've ever played. The soundtrack and artstyle match perfectly, and the absence of text or dialogue is oddly refreshing for a point-and-click adventure. I'm honestly genuinely excited to rest on it for a while and do a second play-through to catch anything I missed."
,Recommended,274350,27241505,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[x] Zmey,The “Villain Most In Need Of A Hug” Award nominee.
,Recommended,274350,28240742,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,marcomalachias,"Amazing point and click adventure that surpasses any language/cultural barriers and has a beautiful story about love, compassion and accepting each other for who they really are."
,Recommended,274350,23031617,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,virotti,"If you enjoy point and click games, you'll be delighted by the uniqueness of this game. It made me think about the fact that each and every human being is facing many struggles everyday, and that a hug can heal many wounds. It made think of the beauty of pure love and childish innocence.Technically speaking, the pixel art is perfect, the soundtrack is professional and has good variation, the game has side quests that are not required but a lot of fun to complete, and the only complaint I have is that, not using text but only images  for dialogues, this made the game a bit harder than necessary, so a walkthrough was required (I'm also not too patient to figure out puzzles).Two thumbs up!"
,Not Recommended,274350,18382440,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,BlishBlash,"When I first started playing this game, I loved it. A charming aesthetic, a unique form of storytelling where characters speak in pictures instead of words, a simultaneously weird and down-to-earth world, a hug mechanic, etc. Everything felt so fresh and exciting.But over time, the flaws started to rear their ugly head. What the hell is this character trying to say? Where's the specific item I need to continue the plot and do I really need to comb over this giant world again just to find it? Why are the NPC vignettes so much more interesting and well-thought out than the main plot? When will the puzzles actually get interesting? What were they smoking when they came up with that ending?Ultimately, Dropsy is a game with great ideas but less than ideal execution. The game's plot became far too divorced from its own world, and the ending left me unsatisfied. I can't recommend this game because I don't want others to feel the disappointment I felt, or to experience the tedium of revisiting the same areas and listening to the same music just to find one item (repeatedly).Maybe you'll like it, but don't expect clever puzzles or a strong story, because you won't get them."
,Recommended,274350,26208305,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Baphomet,"Dropsy is probably the most surreal adventure game and possibly the most surreal game I will ever play for some time. It stars a friendly yet horrifying looking clown who loves everyone and wants to spread joy in a world full of sadness and hatred.Right away you will notice that there is no comprehensible dialogue in the entire game. Instead, speech is conveyed through small pictographs such as a thumbs-up for approval or a pair of legs for “go”. Another neat feature of this game is the active night and day cycle, where travelling between areas will cause time to pass. It’s very important to check out all of the game’s areas in both night and day so you don’t miss anything, as there are puzzles that can only be solved at certain times of day. Eventually you will gain a troupe of animal allies that can help you to solve puzzles and retrieve items, each with their own advantages.The visuals and music in this game are both bizarre and surprisingly well executed for a retro-themed title and the amount of soul they add to the overall experience is reminiscent of older LucasArts point and click games where you would feel like something changed inside of you after finishing them. This is amazing when you consider the fact that the game has no real dialogue but still manages to entertain and challenge the player.I don’t have any bad things to say about Dropsy. It’s pretty much perfect as far as point and click adventure games go and you’d be mistaken to not pick up this gem ASAP."
76561197973402038,Recommended,274350,23805526,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,bara,This game was weird...I like it
,Recommended,274350,34376433,Posted: 20 August,all,Foggy Dreamer,"PROS:- Unique and touching story- Great soundtrack- Expressive art style- Visual icons instead of text- You can hug complete strangers!CONS:- Still no Beach DLC- In-game hints can be vague and confusing- Can't hug strangers in real-life without risking jail-timeIn this game, you play as a big fat clown that everyone in town either ignores, fears or outright hates. But despite that, you just have to keep on hugging, keep on helping, and keep on hoping. Tomorrow can only get better, right?I highly recommend ""Dropsy"" to anyone who:- Feels that they are at a really low point in their life- Needs a break from the drudgery of school/work- Is doing fine but could use a hug anyway"
,Recommended,274350,32260601,Posted: 7 June,all,Topless GO GO,"I absolutely loved every frustrating minute of Dropsy. I'd forgotten how much I loved Putt Putt and Fatty Bear. If you grew up with point and click adventures this is a must play.There's so much good to talk about, the plot had me guessing and legitimately worried about what the final outcome would be,The enviroments are engaging and well spread out, not too far, not too close.The characters are all great, everyone is animated in their own particular way, and trying to figure out how to get a hug out of everything and everyone was extremely and oddly satisfyingThe music also is amazing, it did such a great job of placing you in to that world, and it stayed fresh throughout the whole story.On the downside I felt like some puzzles were a bit too vague or difficult, but I could just be dumb too. But lucky for both of us a kind sir or madam wrote up a great guide here on Steam, I had to peek a couple times but it was mostly very intuitive.I'd hug the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of Dropsy if I ever met him...10 out of 5 would play again"
76561197967558464,Recommended,274350,18079635,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Mr Torgue,THIS GAME IS WONDERFUL! IT IS EXACTLY EVERYTHING A CLASSIC ADVENTURE GAME SHOULD BE AND OH MY GOD I'M NOT CRYING YOU'RE CRYING *SOBS UNCONTROLLABLY* *SAD GUITAR SOLO*
,Recommended,274350,22572552,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,chaser,A truly brilliant point and click adventure game. One of the most charming and enthralling ones of recent memory for sure. Dropsy is a game about an eponymous clown who only sees the good in this world. Hug and befriend everything you see. It's definitely an adventure game through and through but the colourful tone contrasted with themes of alienation and misguided hatred are what make this game so different to others. Dropsy is an adventure game undoubtedly worth playing.  Give it a chance (and a hug).
,Recommended,274350,31101807,Posted: 12 April,all,AesAthena,"While playing DROPSY, instead of saying ""How can I kill the bad guy?"" I explore each area asking, ""How can I help that person?""For me, a game that celebrates the sincere loving and serving of others is well worth the price of entry.Just wish I'd bought the soundtrack, too!"
,Recommended,274350,26057699,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Person Guy,"This game has more heart than most of the AAA ttles out there, makes you connect with all the charecters immidiately even with no spoken dialogue in the game"
,Recommended,274350,28248489,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,iris of ether,A++++ Would befriend and hug things again.
76561198027195003,Recommended,274350,21010009,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,blackmantaray,"Strange, weird, unsettling, beautiful, charming, melancholy, sad, hopeful.A must play for adventure fans and lovers of the bizarre."
,Recommended,274350,30388325,Posted: 8 March,all,~Fujoshi-chan~,"I love Dropsy.I really, really love it.I'm no good at leaving proper reviews, and everything's already been said before, but I just really wanted to give it a thumbs-up because I adore it."
76561198018340366,Recommended,274350,30305081,Posted: 3 March,all,EmmaEchoic,A bittersweet adventure game with a great story told without the use of any text or spoken dialogue. Worth full price.
,Recommended,274350,18051719,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Graychild,"Theres a lot to love here. and it does have structural problems that make it a little hard to love. but I personally think its well worth the effort. the main character cannot read, so none of the text in the game is in plain english, but it does follow an alphabet which I took the time to read, as there are some small documents here and there that help flesh out the story. Also, as this game forgoes text almost completely, communication with characters becomes a little difficult. A hint system would improve it vastly, but. 4.5 out of 5 stars."
,Recommended,274350,31949719,Posted: 25 May,all,lljk://the.deadly.hume,Well that got weird.
,Recommended,274350,26814663,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,bean,Hugs. Lots of hugs.
,Recommended,274350,17990046,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Doppelganger,"The adventure of Dropsy the clown and his animal companions. you play the role of a misunderstood clown who only wants to make everyone happy in his town by solving their problems by finding items laying around and handing it back to them or doing random tasks that are expressed through cryptic thought bubbles. Dont be put off by the clowns disfigured demeanor, Dropsy hands down is the pure embodyment of love and caring and shows it through his actions  Its rather heart warming story that plays around 5 hours depending on how well you are at point and click adventures to enjoying the game and exploring every bit."
,Recommended,274350,17975696,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,SahAnxsty,"Holy sh*t, this game had the emotions rolling. Dropsy the Misinterpreted clown is on a point and click adventure with his dog to find happiness and answers, with beautiful art (thanks to the use of psychedelic drugs I'd pressume) and the funkiest of soundtracks I've heard in a long time this game was fun around every corner, To the whacked out dreams and bangin' cassette beats. Being unable to hug anyone around you to start with is beyond upsetting (being able to take a poop in multiple areas of the game eased that upset feeling) I gotta say, but you soon befriend a squirrel and get your first hug of many.After fixing problems for people around the town, like giving a chicken some twinkies, to helping a little girl by planting a rose for her (while she's sleeping) in place of her dead rose, all the way over to a homeless homieless granny getting a sandwich after it was rescued from the local church with heavy metal, the town soon comes to like you and give you the hugs wherever you go.Due to this games point and click nature you'd assume there's not all that much to do, but for every new place you come across you have 5-10 new options of learning and seeing new and cool things. The added feature of a day and night cycle will have you going back to previous areas to re-explore. Dropsy is so great you can even hug a government operations agent all you like which felt pretty nice, Dropsy was super happy and that made me super happy.Dropsy is beyond misinterpreted and I believe you all need to have a purchase, and a play of this wonderful game. If you would like a further look at the game I've created a short video that shows a large expanse of the Dropsy universe, to the fun and happy, to the sad and miserable, come one come all and join dropsy and I in an adventure:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YsZZXDAGldI&feature=youtu.be"
76561198034132252,Recommended,274350,27998604,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Bladida,"Never thought I'd care about a clown as much as I do about Dropsy ;_;It gets sad, unsettling and pretty weird on occasion, but Dropsy's wish to make people (and some animals) happy really is the main focus of this surprisingly sweet game.I really enjoyed playing this, and I wish more games would use hugs as a reward."
,Recommended,274350,28789562,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,africa by toto,"I played this on NyQuil, which was interesting. I shed real tears a few times, and the sound of clown shoes squeaking will haunt me until my dying day. I will never know peace. I wrote this review on NyQuil as well"
,Recommended,274350,25969644,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,it's💀shoepacabra,"Too many works use creepy clowns as a shortcut for being edgy or faking some kind of atmosphere. Dropsy doesn't do that. Sure, the title character is more than a bit creepy, but he's a perfect ball of trust and kindness too pure for this world. Protect Dropsy at all costs.The soundtrack is excellent (especially the hoard of collectible tapes with real-life bands on them), puzzles make sense (though the day and night cycle and some pixel hunts make a few of them a pain), and the illiterate Dropsy's symbol-based method of communicating with the world is pretty great. It's also pretty fun to solve puzzles with Dropsy's growing cadre of animal friends, though it's occasionally unclear when one animal can handle a problem and the other can't.Overall, it's a delightful little adventure for fans of the point-and-click genre or anyone who wants a cute, uplifting game."
,Recommended,274350,25645540,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Steel Jawbone,"BEFORE YOU BUY:-Do you like PnC (point and click games), even in the slightest?-Do you like games that are so charming that they will stick with you long after you play it?-Want something that stands out amongst a crowd of an already great selection of PnC games?If you answered yes to the first question, you are all set to buy this game. In fact, I can vouch that this game is good enough that you don't have to wait for sale prices.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Jawbone's 6-Point Review:~~~~~~~~~~~~~~1.--Front Page BS: Can't find anything major, so I'm gonna nitpick. The second trailer makes the came a little more twisted/creepy than it is.2.--Characters: Not a single spoken word or a line of immediately legible text is needed to feel for almost each and every character in this game. Honestly, this game is a great example of such.3.--Hugs? The first game where hugging is your 'most powerful weapon.' Dropsy is full of legit love right there. Pure of heart and all that without being nauseating-ly sappy or saccharine.4.--Difficulty: Overall? Just right. Easy for minimal effort, slightly harder to 100%. I got delayed on about two puzzles, but nothing that ruined the pacing of the game.5.--The ride: After the opening, it's a little slow to start. After that, it's colorful, full of feels, moments of raised eyebrows and creepy things. The only time it got dull was when you couldn't warp to other places, but then they give you an option to do that too and it goes right back to being awesome. The ending is incredibly satisfying. Incredibly. I'm gonna definitely play this again.6.--Impression: An adventure game the likes of which I've never played before, and will probably never play again. If you like PnC games, don't pass this up. Seriously. The only reason I'm not hyping this game up more than I am is because nobody is paying me to do so."
,Recommended,274350,29297600,Posted: 16 January,all,ThatNickGuy,"Looking at its surface, I expected a creepy♥♥♥♥♥game starring a creepy♥♥♥♥♥clown. What I DIDN'T expect was a charming adventure game that is actually very warm-hearted. Especially given that you can hug just about anything and everything in sight. Or solve puzzles in order to hug more people or things. And the game makes the hug mechanic so rewarding that you can't help but collect as many hugs as possible. For example, for every new person or thing you hug, your bedroom wall gets a crayon drawing of them. And you just feel good about helping these people and getting rewarded with a hug (or, of course, a new item or access to a new area).The ending was a little odd and anti-climactic for me and you never really learn the antagonist's motivations, but it's still a solid, 5-6 hour adventure game."
76561198273401710,Recommended,274350,23965283,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Nybu,"To be honest I mostly bought this game because of the nice trailer (the song is SO catchy, A++, would listen to 4124214 times again).The gameplay is easy to understand, it's just... well, pointing and clicking. there's almost no text, and you have to find out what people want from you by looking at speechbubbles which are filled with pictures; it's a bit confusing at first, but very nice! You usually get some kind of idea about what you need to do (or in a lot of cases which items to find) pretty fast.The story is summarized quite well in the trailer, you play Dropsy, who is feared or even hated by a lot of inhibitants of his town, yet still tries everything to help people. There are lots of hugs and also animal companions (and mysterious mysteries).Playing this game is a nice way of spending a couple of hours, 10/10 would recommend"
,Recommended,274350,23906750,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,THiNGYBOBinc,"This game is adorable, charming, and surprisingly grippingMy only complaint is I have no ♥♥♥♥ING idea what's going onUpdate: So I just completed the game (I will admit I had to use a guide several times) and if you're wondering if things make any more sense at the end, I can confirm that no, they don't"
,Recommended,274350,18480166,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Morrinn,"What I bought: DropsyWhat I expected: A creepy psychedelic trip with some messed up characters and dark humour.What I got: A creepy clown that you can't help find adorably likeable.Dropsy is an ode to the old point and click adventure games of the 80's and 90's and playing this I felt oddly nostalgic, as if I were returning to an old favourite. It's very reminiscent of old point and click classics like Day of the Tentacle or Sam & Max hit the Road, both in style, humour and game play. The graphics are a gorgeously animated retro style pixel fanfare, the soundtrack is incredible and the game is absolutely saturated with character. The idea of forcing the player to decipher some of the pictionary pantomime in favour of regular dialogue was a brilliant decision and adds both to the mystery of the world as well as a unique game play element that is a perfect fit for this style of game.All in all, I found Dropsy to be an amazing experience, and a must have for the old grognards who pine for the olden days of Lucas Arts and Sierra adventure games."
,Recommended,274350,26122066,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,RenderingPixel,"You play as a hideously deformed clown who's only joy is making others happy. A few years earlier Dropsy was blamed for an uncontrollable circus fire that claimed many lives, including his mothers. This influenced a negative opinion of Dropsy within the community. He now lives with his father in what remains of the circus. His father's heath is failing and works for a greedy junk yard owner. Day in and day out, his father fails to satisfy his boss until one day Dropsy's father falls extremely ill and cannot continue working. With no money for medication, things are looking dark for Dropsy and company.At least that's how I believe the game begins. There's no dialogue or legible text in the game, so you're kinda on your own to connect what happens. During gameplay, instead of talking, speech bubbles appear above a character's head displaying their mood, opinion of Dropsy and what they desire. I found this style of communication to work really well, making you feel like more of an outsider. It makes it difficult to connect with the world and alienates you as a player. The story is simultaneously cute and dark; funny, yet tragic. There are many hidden objects and pictures to find that bring more emotional depth and weight to the overall story. And it's pretty good. You'll find more if you take the time to help out other individuals that aren't required to finish the game. Admittedly, I was moved several times.It's also fun to play no doubt. If you liked those Lucas Arts adventure games, specifically Sam and Max Hit the Road, you'll probably enjoy this. The gameplay is all about looking at stuff, collecting items and figuring out who to give it to or what's the best time to use it. The logic of the puzzles sometimes hinges on cartoonish, and that may put some players off. Dropsy plays off of old mechanics of point and click adventures, but also brings many new ideas to the genera. I would recommend this game to people who actively enjoy playing point and click adventures. I'll also say this is a good one to try out if you've been looking to dip into the genera. It's a memorable experience."
76561197969749884,Recommended,274350,34460195,Posted: 24 August,all,Sarkoth,"Dropsy is probably one of the most disturbing yet friendly as well as unique adventure games I have ever played. You play this disfigured clumsy clown in a disturbing world, yet the only things you do are being nice to everyone as much as possible. It's a completely mindf***, which is what makes this game so great.Played it once close to the ending, restarted again for some missed achievements. And then I completely forgot about the tab and left it open for about 2-3 days, so my actual playtime should be rather around 15 hours.Definitely one of the most unique expierences on steam. If you liked The Cat Lady or Distraint, chances are you'll probably love this as well."
76561198070264638,Recommended,274350,32600951,Posted: 20 June,all,Plaidsheep,A fun little point and click where although it looks very simple at first theres a lot more to it then that. I got this on sale and I didnt think I would like it as much as I do. If you are considering buying this then definitely do so as the game is lovely and will appeal to those who love point and clicks and those who dont. Also theres hugs. Lots of em. Gotta hug em all. ♥
76561198031903307,Recommended,274350,34850475,Posted: 9 September,all,Pha cops,"In world of violence and mayhem, you can leave a little space for this one in your big top, as your every adventure ends in a hug. :D"
,Recommended,274350,32211701,Posted: 5 June,all,Studious,"Being a circus clown is tough in the sadness continuum. When you're a large jiggling monster with noodles for arms, no one seems to respect you. But that's fine. Dropsy won't let that get him down. He's equipped with his ultimate weapon of friendship: a hug.But be careful, Dropsy. It isn't as simple as just giving someone a hug. Ok, sometimes it is, but sometimes there are more complex problems going on. The vortex of misery spares no one in this faux reality of letters swapped out for Russian moon runes; where the days are short, and everyone is addicted to the hard stuff, like ice cream and cigarettes.Dropsy is more expressive in one hour of gameplay than the vast majority of other video games' entire run time. The first thing that struck me while playing was the music. And whoda thunk it, real instruments can have a big impact on the tone of a video game if they're used right. Sort of like panting with as many colors as possible vs choosing to paint in black and white shades of generic slav discotec beats and royalty free xylophone music. The difference is night and day, and goodness is Dropsy good at utilizing its strengths. Personally, I was on the verge of tears for just how melancholy the first couple hours of this game turns out to be. It's telling how one of the first areas you go to is a graveyard.The thing is: Dropsy doesn't ever ask you to be sad. Sure, there are some serious themes at play here, provided you know what you're looking for. But the fact that everything is presented in such a vibrant, easygoing way; sort of fills the void of misery the game is trying to paint. None of these characters want to be here. None of these characters are happy. They're all feeling terrible, and they all have problems of their own on top of problems where they live. Most everything in Dropsy is in a state of disrepair. Roads are broken up. Fences are tattered. Stores are decayed and depressing. The game itself does a very good job at inspiring you to bring some light back to these people. The way I see it is, Dropsy is Dark Souls: Prepare to Hug Edition.The mechanics of the game itself are interesting. Aside from the standard point and click theology of take everything that isn't nailed down; understanding the day and night cycle and what it means for these characters is required for game completion. Certain people show up at different places at different times. This means that puzzles are only solvable at certain times. Other times, game progression is tied to showing the right thing to the right person to get a clue what's going on. Everyone speaks in pictures in this game, so sometimes it can be challenging to interpret what anyone means; probably intentional on the game designer's part.This is a game that's a little on the shorter side. But I'd consider it particularly fruitful considering how much work was put into the atmosphere of this game. Being everyone's friend is tough work, but its certainly not impossible in Dropsy. The game moves along steadily as long as you think like Dropsy. It's a very fun, colorful experience that doesn't shy away from being interesting and poignant. As long as you're capable of feeling, this game will show you a great time."
76561198006276098,Recommended,274350,18052188,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Samurai Cop,"feel good game of the century! certainly one of the most unexpectedly endearing games, i've ever played. ranks right up there with any of the good old classic lucasarts/sierra adventures. you can really tell this game was a labor of love. the concept of an adventure game without really using text seemed a little strange at first, but once i got down to it, i was really pleased how well this game conveys it's story. the old saying ""don't judge a book by it's cover"" certainly rings loudly as you get to know dropsy throughout this tale. i couldn't recommend an adventure game more highly than dropsy!"
,Recommended,274350,17989562,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Bellerog,"This is a lovely, unique, and somewhat frightening game.There are many things that I love about it. The art style is phenomenal, the music is extraordinary, and the puzzles are tricky enough to be engaging without being so ridiculously obscure that you'll need to make a deal with the devil to solve them.But the thing that really hooked me is the story.I adore Dropsy - the character, that is. He's a little scary. I certainly wouldn't want to hug him if he was walking down the street. But he is such a completely pure person that it physically hurts me to watch people run away from him when all he wants to do is help.I think that's the real strength of the game. By the time the credits roll you're so emotionally invested in Dropsy's well being that it feels almost like a release. It's fun, it's fulfilling, and it's a goddamn work of art.If you're on the fence about getting this game, err on the side of adventure and get your hug on."
,Recommended,274350,17977486,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Pullahoko,"Dropsy is a quirky game that oozes character.  The sprites are all well-animated, the soundtrack is great, and some of the puzzles I've seen so far have been pretty clever.  Even though there's no dialogue, you still have to pay attention and use some logic to solve some of the puzzles, or open up new areas."
,Recommended,274350,17979360,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,it's miscu,"I was looking forward to this ever since the developer was showing it on the SomethingAwful forums. I had fairly high expectations, and they were totally blown away by this game.I'm not usually a fan of adventure games. Even the easier ones have me lost and confused most of the time, desperately searching for the one small nook or cranny I missed to find the critical item to advance. I won't lie, I had a period of that in Dropsy for a little while, but otherwise this was a very smooth ride compared to my experiences with the rest of the genre.But wow, this game. The way it manages to balance out the absolutely grim themes with gushing optimism was more than enough to play my heart strings like a fiddle. It's a very offbeat adventure game where you play as a scary-looking clown named Dropsy who, even in the darkest moments of the story, strives to bring happiness to everyone he meets.Dropsy can hug virtually anyone (and anything, including inanimate objects) in the town, though some cynical citizens are either too miserable to accept it or flat-out don't like Dropsy much. In these cases, you can go through these optional ""hug quests"" to do light adventure game puzzles, in the end bringing joy to the townsfolk and earning a hug in the process. Along the way you also get animal friends who can help with a variety of puzzles.Another truly unique aspect of it is that, aside from the title screen, there isn't a single bit of text in the game (at least that's in any human language, all hieroglyphics). All characters talk in sort of picture-book pantomimes, creating this visual language which adds both challenge to the puzzles and a bit of nuance to the storytelling. There are a couple instances where this system can be unfortunately vague, leading to the occasions where I got lost, but outside of that it's a brilliant way to do narrative.The only critiques I could really come up with is that the wonderfully mellow soundtrack is desperately crying out for better transitions between screens, and that the ending is a huge trip which might be divisive for some. Everything else just cements this as one of my top favorites for this year, and I wholeheartedly recommend playing it."
,Recommended,274350,17988552,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Sana-Kan,the only game that lets me live out my fantasies of hugging old people and inanimate objects
,Recommended,274350,32920468,Posted: 28 June,all,CoasterCraft Gold,Very sweet. Hug everyone.
,Recommended,274350,17981068,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Robot Joe,"a really cute, wonderful point and click.sometimes the pointing and clicking can be a bit finnicky but that's okay."
,Recommended,274350,20723268,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,BeckiiAnne,I can honestly say that this is one of the best games I have ever played. The storyline is actually incredible seeing as there are no spoken words in the entire game! Absolutely loved it and definitely recommend it to everyone!
,Recommended,274350,26704972,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,LambdaCalculus379,"Feeling down? Cynical? Depressed? Dropsy is there to lift everyone's spirits with his simple innocence and love of hugging!So what about the game itself? The pixel art is well animated, colorful, and a sight to behold. Everyone has the greatest expressions on their faces, and the use of visual cues instead of spoken dialogue is genius! The soundtrack is moody and fitting, and I never would've thought an open-ended world would work for a point-and-click adventure game, but for Dropsy, the nonlinear layout gets you to think a little more about how best to tackle helping out others.So hug your friends, and then hug the developers and give them money!"
,Recommended,274350,28771518,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Distressed Babushka,"Dropsy.Wow, this game is extremely hard to review because  I loved the game and characters like Dropsy who you learn to love without them uttering a single word. Well why isnt this an easy review? I was forced to restart the entire game because of a game breaking glitch in a previous save, I was extremely discouraged and didn't want to come back after this happened. Although, i got bored and decided to visit the game again and got sucked back into it. Aside from that I didnt get any other major glicthes or bugs. The game is quite linear and does not hold your hand. I wish it would help the player a little bit more because some parts can be quite confusing and you will be searching the entire game for the answer. I give it a 7/10, its a great point and click advernture with memorable charcters but glitches and lack of advice or help the game gives to players holds it down from getting a higher score."
,Recommended,274350,27785165,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Yossarian,One of the most heartwarming stories about an ugly clown you can find
,Recommended,274350,21296712,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,✿Vimes✿,"A sweet, charming game in which you play as a mute clown whose sole form of communication is hugs. The graphics are amazing, the music is great, and the gameplay is simple, but the puzzles are challenging enough to keep you on your toes."
,Recommended,274350,33670677,Posted: 20 July,all,pavig,"A masterpiece of visual storytelling in the point and click genre. Took me about 7 hours and had to look up a few hints, but thoroughly enjoyed it. Surreal and strangely soulful. Recommended."
,Recommended,274350,33759779,Posted: 23 July,all,ManiacalJackal,"Dropsy is fantastic. It lets you view a corrupting world from the eyes of complete innocence, which is something very difficult to capture in any form of media, but Dropsy does it perfectly.Pros:Beautiful to look atEnormous worldlovable charactersFRICKING HUG BUTTONCons:Slightly confusing gameplayUnsatisfying endingGlitch forcing you to restart the game involving changing window size (on Mac at least)Overall review: 85/100"
,Recommended,274350,28235937,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,CupcakeGoesRawr,Dropsy is an adorable point and click adventure game. It's the perfect length for playing on a day off.
,Recommended,274350,26240030,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Starsmore,"I can't recommend this game enough.  Every aspect of this game blends seamlessly together to create one of the most original and memorable video game experiences I have had in the last 10 years.  Never has a game made me feel so warm and content inside.  Since I have beat the game a few months ago, it continues to haunt my thoughts.  I often times find myself browsing my over 500+ game library, just looking for something similar to play...to give me that feeling back.  Like an adult longing for his days of youth...I long for another experience similar to Dropsy."
,Recommended,274350,20044764,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,sHeist,"It is a hard game to recommend to -everyone- but it is definitely worth your time if you're into Indie titles, adventure games, and enjoy a unique approach to storytelling.Dropsy is a simple game on the surface with a lot of heart, subtext and personality. It's an odd mix of sometimes conflicting themes with a very real world for the player to connect with.It has done something to me that a game hasn't done in a long time: I actually CARE about the troubles of an NPC. I can't remember a game where an NPC wasn't just a store, or a worshiper, or a quest giver, or someone that just spouts flavour text. Dropsy present these pixelated characters as 'sad', 'troubled', 'jaded', 'angry', and so on. Due to a combination of minimalistic sound design with excellent pixel art and animation, these feelings are presented as very real. Combine that with the main character, a bundle of misunderstood sweetness, and you have the recipie for a beautiful ""feels"" fest.As a game though, it's not what I would call 'fun'. Due to the scope of the world, it was difficult for me to figure out how to solve certain puzzles because some items were faaaaaar away from the NPC that needed it. Simply because there are so many NPCs with a vauge idea how to progress (especially when starting out), this can be a bit frustrating at times. If the game was restricted in certain areas with new locations opening up as the player progressed, solving NPC problems would have felt a lot more managable.As an experience, it's incredible. The story is presented to you with pictures, symbols, sound effects and music. That's it. Everything you experience is based on how you perceive these elements. If adventure games aren't your thing, I'd recommend looking up a guide just to complete the game. It's worth it.While I wish I could reveal the spoilers and discuss the game's core themes, play the game yourself and take from it what you will."
,Recommended,274350,19974204,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Scout's_Rebellion,"It's as cute as Undertale. As simple to pick up as Uno. As heart wrenching as watching one of those animal cruelty commercials. Play it. I dont play point n click games, but after going through a story with ups and downs, I was left crying in a room by myself as I finished the game. It takes so many play throughs to find everything that the replayability is worth it."
76561198031266459,Recommended,274350,20075963,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Jehosheba,I <3 Dropsy!!
,Recommended,274350,35203108,Posted: 25 September,all,MattDistrAAAHction,"Warm, comforting, and a little moist.You might expect, just like I did, from looking at this game, with its strange-looking clown protagonist and psychedelic atmosphere, to contain some subversive narrative, or that it's secretly a horror game. I thought there at least might be some predictable twist that Dropsy is a serial murderer, or a monster, or god knows what else. But it defied my expectations. While there are many dark themes running throughout this game, and a number of twists, Dropsy himself is pure-hearted.It'd also be easy to pass this game off as just being too simple, sappy and over-sentimental, teaching you the same old things you learned in Sunday school; Don't judge a book by its cover, be nice to others, and so on. The game is about those things, yes, but it does it in a way that, at least to me, felt genuine.Dropsy does a lot of things that fans of point and click adventures should enjoy. While there is a plotline to follow, the main thrust of the game is wandering around the world, meeting its inhabitants, and getting them to let you hug them. However, almost everyone you meet has some kind of problem, and one way or another are in a non-hugging mood. You solve their problem, then get to huggin'. All the dialogue they give you is done by representative pictures and symbols, which both help demonstrate Dropsy's loose grasp on language, and also make the thankfully simple puzzles a little more challenging, since you might not fully understand them at first. Many of these puzzles can only be solved once you have an item or a companion from doing the main story, but the rest you can solve at your own pace, and aren't required to finish the game. It's rare to see a game, especially a point and click adventure one, where you genuinely just help people out. It's a nice feeling, wandering back over familiar areas, and seeing a character you helped earlier in better spirits. Hell, you can even hug them again if you'd like.What mainly will determine if you'll enjoy Dropsy is its presentation. Personally I found the artstyle quite charming, and each character is animated quite well. The soundtrack also really appeals to me, having a good variety between upbeat, bouncy tunes and softer, more atmospheric melodies. In The Court of the Junkyard King is a particular favorite of mine. The soundtrack is what seals the deal on this game for me, so keep in mind it's also available separately if you're interested.Overall, it's a simple, charming experience with a unique personality and style. In a world that could always use more love, Dropsy has plenty to share."
,Recommended,274350,34696679,Posted: 2 September,all,Bronan,"A game that is funny, cute, gritty, and heartwarming. Dropsy is a character that you can fall in love with and care about."
76561198028711579,Recommended,274350,24780354,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,E.M.J. ㋛,"Possibly the best game of 2015, or at least one of, for sure. The design, music, characters and story is all top notch and all filled with love and inspiration! My only complain is that some puzzles are a bit too obscure and some ""dialouge"" too difficult to decipher. The creator himself even thought so as I understood it, but then again, some got themselves all the way through, while others did not. It may be a case of people being a bit spoiled with quick solutions in the modern age compared to the golden age of LucasArts and Sierra, where pixel hunting & trial and error basically were the rule as there were no forums or walkthroughs on the web.But to conclude: I love this game. It enriched my life."
76561198078233069,Recommended,274350,18115180,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Captain_Omelette,"Really good. I was on the fence about getting this game, but it's presentation and overall charm really won me over. While I wasn't born in the time of Monkey Island or Maniac Mansion, this game is definitely one of the most memorable point n' clicks I have played. Don't be discouraged if you don't have experience with the genre, I think it is a great starting point for those wanting to try out this unique style of gameplay."
76561197995884684,Recommended,274350,23773327,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,gantauer,"Are you kidding me, Dropsy is <3<3<3<3<3<3<3 great! The soundtrack alone is worth your money. If you were intrigued by the trailer in any way than this game is meant for you.  If not, then it's definitely not  for you… You cold hearted ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!"
,Recommended,274350,17991992,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Sfdfd2,This is one of those games that you beat but just dont really feel like you beat it. It feels like there is so much more to do based on how colorful and expansive the world and characters are.
,Recommended,274350,18006412,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"This is a review for theJohn Wayne Gayce Simulator 2015.------------------------------------------------------------------------Dropsy is Love - Dropsy is Life.-forum randoDropsy is a creepy♥♥♥♥♥clown that stores radioactive twinkies in his pants. But I love him and he lives in my heart.-Ryan Dorkoski------------------------------------------------------------------------Dropsy is some strange mix of a cute lovable clown and mentally ill man-child.I have only cried twice so far(4 hours in, and I am sure I am very close to finishing it). You will fall in love with this dude that both hugs everything and stores all of his items in his pants, and always has to organize them in a pervy way, lol.This is the best indie point-and-click I have probably ever played.It gets tons of points for originality. Totally fresh stuff here.Pros:+There is no text in-game for this, which is totally beautifuland breaks all language/translation barriers in a brilliant way+Music is really great - it does get repetitive, but its awesome+The premise of the story is so fresh - and it really does tug on your heart strings+Slightly creepy at times - not sure if this is intended+Artwork is really nice+Puzzles are logical, yet challenging, unlike some of the other more recent indie point-and-clickers (ahem, I am looking at youDeponia)+Open-world map is well done for a point-and-click+Great use of famiiliars, or pets, to add a bit of MetroidVania into the mix which gets you to revisit old areasCons:-No fast travel which was probably intended to draw out playtime-You cannot hold a click to get him to follow itTotally worth the money *if you like indie point-and-clicks*."
,Recommended,274350,17999182,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Panzerklown,"If you like indie games, devs that actually care about their game (unlike most of the garbage on Greelight) and beautiful pixel art - then you're gonna love Dropsy. It's worth the 10$ tag and I'm not even that far into the game."
,Recommended,274350,32148063,Posted: 3 June,all,qwestnar,"I watched a YT LP months ago and couldn't stop thinking about how much fun the game seemed to be, with its funky graphics and its heartwarming story. Any game that requires you to collect hugs is awesome in my book. Decent length for the price plus I got it on discount, graphics are clear stylized as adventure point-and-click games can be, and the story really is just adorable, even if not a single word can be read or heard. Just a fun little game that borders on following the eyes of a loveable child, just covered in terrifying clown make up. Highly recommend!"
,Recommended,274350,17990135,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Tewi Potato,"Thoroughly enjoyed this from beginning to end, completed every hug-filled quest in the game (besides one that was bugged at the time of review). I couldn't help but smile each time I finished a quest and see Dropsy get the hugs he's looking for. A truly heart-warming, entertaining journey.If you enjoy point and clicks, Dropsy is easily worth your time and money."
,Recommended,274350,18140475,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Vonadi,"FOREWARNING, BUYER BEWARE! This game is noted for black screens and not running visuals on Windows 10! Hopefully they'll update this, and if so I'll remove this warning. I have Windows 10 and managed to run the game using the Windows 7 service pack, HOWEVER, cutscenes won't work. (This doesn't really matter since there's only two, beginning and end.)Dropsy is a marvel of indie games development. One of those shining gems that comes few and far between everything else. The game is a masterpiece, truly beautiful. It should sit among games like Super Meat Boy, Faster Than Light, Binding of Isaac, Fez (If we are able to ignore Phil Feesh.), and a few others.Here's something different: THERE IS NO COMBAT. AT ALL. This is your old, classic, 100% point'n'click adventure game! Oh, oops, I meant ""Hugventure"". Because you hug everything.For those of you that LOVE puzzles, point and click, and/or non-combat/bloody games, this is a game for you! Lemme explain.MOTHERF*CKING PUZZLES.The game, as said, is a point and click. And it wouldn't be a point and click if it wasn't for the puzzles! YAAAAY! This game legitamitely made me want to play Portal 2 again and it has no relation to it, simply howaggravatingfun the puzzles are. But seriously, this point and click, unlike others, makes sense! I mean, the world doesn't make sense, but how you solve the puzzles does! You do not need to use bucket on hospital lady to acquire fish so you can summon the goblin peasants. Hooray for half-logic!HUG (and p*ss on) EVERYTHING.F*CKING.EVERYTHING!!!You want to hug the fridge? Boy you can hug the fridge! You want to hug the NSA dude who looks like he'll shoot you? You can hug him too, and he won't shoot you! You want to hug a tree, you tree hugger? YOU GO HUG THE SH*T OUTTA THAT TREE. Oh yeah and anything that looks REMOTELY like a fire hydrant (or is a fire hydrant) your dog can p*ss on. And he even has a wittle map in his wittle doggy home to mark all the things he's p*ssed on. I love it.WAIT DON'T SKIP TO THE NEXT PARAGRAPH YET! Dropsy does the most heartbreaking thing after he hugs people, too. I didn't notice until I had almost finished the game- Dropsy draws kindergarten-esque pictures of everybody (and everything) he hugs and puts it on his wall. I, being the perfectionist I am, tried to hug as many people possible, but I never visited Dropsy's house (nothing to do there, really.) Well, I came there at one point, and I looked at the wall, and said ""This looked empty at the beginning, wtf."" And so I clicked on one of the paper's, and I saw... It was an adorable little drawing of the fridge, with a smiley face!I kept clicking, and seeing crude (but adorable) smily-faced versions of the characters I had hugged. Some even made me laugh (Trust me, the NSA dude and Bouncer drawings are a scream.)IT WOULDN'T BE A MASTERPIECE WITHOUT THE STORY.I won't spoil it, but I will say the opening half. Dropsy is a clown who, as a kid, watched the circus tent catch fire and his mother, several performers, and some audience members burn alive. This doesn't come into play in the game except for two flashbacks, one being optional/by chance. However, the towns folk blame Dropsy entirely for killing those people, and have labeled him a murderer. This leads to most of the first part of the game being people yelling at you and calling you scary, as your heart breaks watching Dropsy get depressed and scared. Oh yeah, and the ENTIRE ISLAND is depressed and angry. Literally. EVERYBODY is sad, angry, or just a downer.Slowly, if you actually play the game the RIGHT way, you do small tasks for the people, gaining their trust and making them happy. Hugging people makes them happy, but they will refuse to hug you unless you've actually gained their trust via these small tasks. Some tasks are forced to continue the game, but most of them are optional. But you'll do most of the optional ones, anyways. Right? You're not some kind of monster, are you? YOU WANT DROPSY TO BE HAPPY,RIGHT?CHARACTERS ARE ACTUAL CHARACTERSThese people have personality. But, here's the confusing part. Dropsy can't read, and assuming from the game (I may be wrong so don't quote me here) I don't think he fully understands English. Or any language, for that matter. People make little emotes and noises showing what they want, their mood, or otherwise, but there's no actual readable text in the game. Dropsy's character is a sweet, 100% innocent, naive, gullible, damp package of joy and love. He is dedicated to just making people happy, and keeping his father well. Call him ""Stupid"" or ""autistic""- but he does more than any of the normal people. I may be looking to deep, but this may be a statement on society.It probably is.Anyways, the other characters are great too, but I won't spoil it for you you naughty little buggers.GWAPHICS GWAPHICS GWAPHICSThe color scheme of this game is how you'd expect a game about a clown to be. EXTREMELY BRIGHT AND VIBRANT. But not in the OH MY GOD MY EYES ARE BURNING way, in the good, pastel kind of way. Few pixelated games are able to make me understand what it is I'm looking at, but this works! That and the colors mix well, day, night, or otherwise. The environments are pretty, EXTREMELY detailed, and well-made.RETRO MUSIC IS STILL STYLISHB*tch you thought Retro was out of style? HELL no! Much like the graphics, the music is very fitting, and compliments the art style and environments well. AND AND AND! You can collect these Casette tapes which you can play elsewhere. The music in the casette tapes are great, but they only play in certain places and in your car. (Although I did see a boombox icon in the settings, you may be able to play them on the go, but I doubt it.) So the casette tapes, if I'm right about not being able to use them on the go, are pretty useless but add a good amount of flavor.TL;DR and final results: 9.5/10 for a game. The concept, graphics, characters, music, and everything else are great. The only complaints I've had are for the starting issues with windows 10. Aside from that, I never encountered any bugs, and only met with some mild frustration towards certain puzzles. I recommend this game to EVERYONE, ESPECIALLY if you're depressed or have a loss of hope in humanity. This game has a cheerful beauty to it.It's cute, sweet, warm, damp, creepy, loveable, sad at times, but brings you right back to happiness.P.S; The ending is a bit confusing and maybe a bit disappointing to some, but the game itself makes up for it entirely, and that's just if you don't like it. I personally didn't like it much, but I'm one person, and other people seem to love it."
,Recommended,274350,33324220,Posted: 6 July,all,Primed Betch,what a nice happy
,Not Recommended,274350,24513176,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Pirateguybrush,"I was expecting to love this game, but I just didn't.  I'm a long time fan of point and click adventures, and this looked like a particularly heartwarming and delightful one.  It has a great soundtrack and attractive art stle, but sadly the rest falls short.  The story is very minimal, mostly consisting of very short side stories (fetch a homeless woman a sandwich, now she's happy).  Many of the puzzles are obtuse and have little internal logic or clues pointing you towards the solution, which makes for a lot of backtracking in the hopes of stumbling over the next solution.Well done to the devs for trying something different, there's clearly some talent here.  I hope to enjoy their next project more than this one."
,Recommended,274350,19567521,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,C.Mongler,"Dropsyis a classic style point-and-click adventure game starring a mute, friendly circus clown, aptly named Dropsy. The game begins with a prologue flashback that sets up the game’s overall tone. During a circus performance starring Dropsy and his parents, a fire engulfs the tent and claims the lives of Dropsy’s mother and some residents of the nearby town, leaving Dropsy mentally scarred and villainized by most everyone he meets. This is one of those games where I’m hesitant to reveal too much more about the plot, as I feel like a lot of the enjoyment from this game comes from experiencing the story first-hand with as little prior knowledge as possible. Essentially, the bulk of the game revolves around Dropsy performing chores for his aging father that require Dropsy to interact with various townsfolk that have a nefarious impression of the seemingly innocent clown.The game plays exactly like any classic point-and-click title you may have played. Players click where they want to go, and Dropsy goofily waddles over to that spot. Dropsy can interact with certain objects and characters, open doors and explore alleyways, and pick up items to store in his inventory to use later. Dropsy also has a few animal pals that tag along with him, which can be controlled separately from Dropsy to help solve puzzles. For example, Dropsy’s dog can dig up items or go into smaller spaces that Dropsy couldn’t possibly fit. Dropsy also has a dedicated hug button, which is used for the game's major premise, which is to make everyone happy and to hug everyone and everything you meet. Dropsy is a clown, after all. Dropsy’s hugs usually aren’t well received at first, but after Dropsy performs a good-deed (in layman's terms: solves a puzzle) for an NPC and their mood shifts in his favor, they’ll gladly accept a hug. When Dropsy is able to hug a character (or object) a delightful message appears on the screen to indicate that Dropsy’s done a good job. There’s also a day and night cycle, and certain puzzles are only able to be solved during a certain time of day. This could have potentially lead to a lot of waiting around to complete puzzles, but luckily Dropsy is able to sleep and choose to wake up at a specific time of day, instead of wasting time waiting for it to be nighttime.One of the most unique aspects aboutDropsyis that there is no legible text whatsoever in the entire game. There’s no written dialogue, no written helpful hints, and no menu text either. Even the aforementioned “delightful message” that pops up is written in the game’s fake illegible script (though translation guides exist for those curious enough about its meaning). InsteadDropsyrelies on the use of iconography to tell story, communicate objectives, and convey emotions. For example, clicking on an NPC to speak to them might cause them to show a sad face in a speech bubble, followed by another bubble with a picture of coins. “Ah,” the player may think to his or herself, “this NPC probably wants some change to make them happy”. This is how the story and objectives are presented inDropsy; not with words, but with icons. Similarly even the menus rely on icons instead of text; something like changing resolution is represented by icons of increasingly larger computer monitors. This design decision actually helps convey the experience of a day in the life of Dropsy. It’s clear Dropsy isn’t quite socially and mentally developed as your average person, so having to infer your own meaning from every interaction lends greatly to experiencing Dropsy’s child-like intuition.However, while not using any conventional language is certainly an interesting concept, it only compounds the usual issues common to the point-and-click adventure genre.Dropsy, just like many point-and-clicks, has issues with clearly defining objectives that’s only made worse by the fact that no one will say, “Go here, talk to this person, do this”. Since the player has to interpret meaning from NPCs, some messages can easily get lost in translation. This results in the player doing the “point-and-click schtick” quite frequently; that is trying every available action and inventory object on an interactable set-piece or NPC hoping for some sort of positive result to advance the game. I found myself frequently taking stabs in the dark trying to figure out what an NPC wanted from me. Oh, the church woman is sad and thinking about the empty seats in her church? Clearly she wanted me to find the well-hidden window shutter key (which has no indication what it's for) and open the shutter, which results in her noticing the homeless people outside whom she then invites into the church, fulfilling the requirements of her puzzle. While I totally think that adventure games shouldn’t hold the player's hand from one objective to the next,Dropsyfalls short in thoughtfully guiding the player to a logical solution fairly regularly. To be totally honest, I resorted to using a guide a couple of times during my playthrough when I lost my patience trying to solve certain puzzles,and in those instances I genuinely would have never conjured the solution on my own otherwise. That’s not to say thatDropsyis impossible to play without a guide; most of the puzzles are clever, well planned, and were a blast to figure out, there were just some that could have hinted a bit better as to what the player needed to do to solve them. Luckily many of the puzzles inDropsyare completely optional, so as long as it’s not pertinent to the main storyline of the game, players can give up on a puzzle if they’re finding it too obtuse and focus their efforts elsewhere.The two biggest areas of praise in this game are the audio and visuals.Dropsysports a 16-bit-esque graphical style with a tremendous amount of detail. I know a lot of gamers are getting burned out on the retro-style that seems to be popular with a lot of indie titles these days, but many games use pixel graphics as a lazy means of design, whileDropsyis carefully crafted with a lot of thought and love. The best part of the game though is hands down the audio.Dropsy’s soundtrack is phenomenal, and may just be my game soundtrack of the year. The soundtrack is a mix of jazz, orchestral pieces, folk, and some electronic and rock pieces as well. Every single track fits perfectly with their respective setting, and I found myself frequently stopping what I was doing just to take in the music at a given locale. Seriously, even if you don’t end up playingDropsy, at least just check out the soundtrack: it’s that good (though it’s even better in the context of the game).Overall,Dropsyis a great game with a lot to love about it. The story, while muddled and hard to follow at points due to the lack of traditional communication, is interesting, funny, surreal at times, yet compelling. The puzzles can be hit or miss, but for the most part they are well designed and help build a vibrant world with an interesting cast of characters. From a purely gameplay standpoint,Dropsydoesn’t bring anything particularly new to the genre, but if you’re a fan of point-and-click adventures,Dropsyis a great game through and through, with one of the best soundtracks I’ve heard in quite some time. Currently the game goes for $9.99 USD, and I got 5 hours of playtime out of it; I would imagine there’s closer to 10 hours of enjoyment for those looking to find every secret and give every possible hug. I’d recommend it at it’s base price, but it should be a no-brainer if you ever see it on a good sale, now get to huggin’!"
76561197960947385,Recommended,274350,19646203,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Quick$hot,"Devolver Digital does it again with another great game! So far every game I've played from them I've enjoyed to the fullest. Let the Hugventure begin!!! I love the music selection, the puzzles, and the emotions in the game. The story was also great as it was original and always had me wanting to play more. I beat this game in one sitting just because I didn't want to stop. The squeaky shoe factor definitely was funny along with figuring out how many people you can get to like you so you can hug them and any objects that need some loving too. 11/10 Going to hug through again. The Hugdiction is real!"
,Recommended,274350,19700909,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Affinity Archives,"Hugventure is the best word to describe Dropsy. This game is both aesthetically gorgious and emotionally engaging in ways you'd never expect when you have a protagonist that you'd run in fear from in real life.The puzzles are fresh, the dialogue system inventive, and the gameplay duriation is spot on. Pair that with some amazing music and this game will leave you with an experience you won't forget."
76561198086263525,Recommended,274350,18363710,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,BoxTar,"A bit on the short side in terms of game time, but definitely not short changed in terms of feels. Dropsy is a simple little point and click which leaves the player completely on their own. There is no dialogue, the story must be inferenced from the scenarios at hand, as well as the pictures that the characters use, in place of dialogue.You go around hugging people and animals. You hug them after you have made them feel better, or solved their problems. Seriously, how can that not make you smile? Sure, Dropsy is a terrifying freak on the outside, but it just goes to show that this little weirdo has a heart of gold, and you will quickly warm up to this hugging machine!Charming characters. Great music. Wonderful, albeit short story; and genuine puzzles that had me stumped for a while (I looked up some help, I'll admit it), but nothing feels unfair or unexplained, so I don't blame the game for that. Overall, this is another one of those diamond-in-the-rough indie games that have been coming onto Steam in droves - and I welcome it and all its kind in one big ol' damp warm hug. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,274350,27514643,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,somebody play duck game please,"Dropsy is one of my favourite games from last year. It is a fantastic point-and-click adventure game with a heartwarming story. Dropsy never fails to make me smile while I play, no matter what my mood. While some of the puzzles are a little obscure, the dev has some hints in the forums to put you in the right direction. Would recommend anybody to try it."
,Recommended,274350,20650246,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,ryz,"Dropsy takes you back to an age of excitement and wonderous point & click adventure games, a nostalgic time you so dearly long for."
,Recommended,274350,25124537,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Squeaks,"I'll start this review with an anecdote.WARNING! -Very Mild Spoilers- There's a lever near the end of the game that you have to use your birdy friend to trigger. So I sent him to do his thing. What I didn't notice was the turret... until it fried my birdy friend. When this happened, I reacted as if I just saw my dog get ran over. I literally screamed out ""No!"", and stared in shocked horror until the game reset the scenario and my birdy friend was safe and not dead.It's not exceptionally hard for games to get an emotional reaction out of me. This is the first game, however, to have me react identically to how I would if I had actually witnessed it in real life. This game knows how to take your heart on an rollercoaster that, while often remaining in the fluffy clouds, sometimes plummets into the depths of super sadness and utter rage. I won't spoil when, but there was a segment of the game where I really wanted the hug option to change to a 'Choke The Jerk Until He Stopped Kicking' option."
76561198078026325,Recommended,274350,25484631,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Anissa,"Jay Tholen’s Dropsy is captivating.It is not often a game leaves one with such an impression but with its emotional tone it is not hard to see why; not to mention its beautiful pixel art, flawless musical accompaniment and benevolent narrative.If you have not played you are truly missing out, not only on such an original and wonderful game but also to support someone able to make such games."
76561197974559132,Recommended,274350,21622587,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,MoonMoon,Very nice point and click with vibrant colors and perfect pixel art. Kind of reminds me of Toonstruck but less dark and more heartwarming.
76561198287225798,Recommended,274350,30210453,Posted: 26 February,all,Shabe,"Dropsy is a fun game. If you're looking for a super long game where the main character develops and grows and becomes this new person, this is not that game. This being said, on my first full play thrugh the game I had fun finding out who needed what, and what I had to do to help people out; because at the end of the day, Dropsy is a game about helping people. heck, a tragic thing happens because of a hug. Some events are unexpected. Some are natural and not crazy. I liked this game, and hope you do to. I grew attached to the squeeky shoes."
,Recommended,274350,19770016,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,YoSizzle,"Dropsy is a peculiar gem, it isn't like any game I have played thus far. It's a game about hugging, while that doesn't sound so interesting on paper the execution of it is amazing. Graphics are spectacular, music is awesome, and the gameplay is just like your regular point and click but a lot more...happy seems like the word. That's what this game is, happy, and if you're looking for a game to get you in a good mood then I highly recommend this game. Though this game isn't all happy or else the story wouldn't be good, it gets dark but it never strays from the happy clown for too long. Play this game."
,Recommended,274350,20861533,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,INVINCIBLE1214,"I came for the catchy theme song,and stayed for the hugsand catchy casette tapesand the evil twinkie company.But most of all, I stayed for a world that seemed bizarre at first but ultimately felt just right."
76561197972319866,Recommended,274350,27520978,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Duff,"Dropsy is a great point and click adventure with a heart warming story. The games choice to use diolouge with visual pictures adds a great personal touch from the player. The puzzles are also very clever (sometimes too clever for my idiot self). My only complaint is that the game felt short, but I would gladly replay it anytime I want a pick up."
,Recommended,274350,27861898,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Selma Lagerlöf INFANTDATING.net,"The best clown point and click game on the market.I played through this game twice, the second time to find and hug everyone.It's a fantastic game and I'm looking forward to that new game of theirs.Definitely worth a buy."
76561197984391373,Recommended,274350,31945782,Posted: 24 May,all,Cocaine Lightning,"3/5 Would Hug AgainLovely art style and a sweet sound track made for an enjoyable experience. The game uses no text, and what text is illustrated is jumbled into nonsese as it's not meant to be read. But it seems like the devs were trying to tell too much story but without significant story-telling tools. I can look at all the images, but if it's up to me how they're related, you're not going to tell the same story. The ending is a terrible let-down"
,Recommended,274350,27940379,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Darakin,Gave a hobo a big wet hug. 10/10
,Recommended,274350,17994369,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,KoreyCabra,"Dropsy is a game I had noticed a while ago on Kickstarter, and while I did not have the funds to give it then, I certainly hopped onto the ""Warm Damp Hug"" edition, if not for any reason than these folks deserve. The art style is amazing, the story is emotional and you actually CARE about Dropsy and the people he becomes involved with. That is very rare for most games and the point and click mechanics are done with pictures, absolutely no text here-- so any language can enjoy this game.While I have not reached the finish of this game, I will say that is is slightly challenging and took me a bit to work through some of the puzzles. It is a truly open-world experience path and you are not timed or given a penalty for slowly figuring things out. The only real improvement would be to get some trading cards/backgrounds for Steam, because this has to be one of my favorite indie titles out there-- has a lotta heart and hugs put into it."
,Recommended,274350,18007979,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,mikau,my goty
,Recommended,274350,18047400,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Batten,"No amount of detail could put praise to this simplistic and emotional rollercoaster of a game. What I CAN detail is how the title is enjoyable, the music is surprisingly well done, and the humor to the game is deeply charming.While there's not much of replay value, all you need is a single playthrough to get the full effect and stirr of emotions that the game is invested towards."
76561198118075030,Recommended,274350,27663654,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Beef Product,If this doesn't win  “Villain Most In Need Of A Hug” I don't know what I'd do with myself
76561198019078954,Recommended,274350,32962957,Posted: 28 June,all,javidscool,"The best point-and-click game I've ever played.  The graphics and animation are incredible and hand-crafted to perfection, the puzzles are inventive and fun, the music is orgazmic, and the story is an instant-classic.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED"
,Recommended,274350,33015081,Posted: 29 June,all,tobuggsy,this game.... is SO much fun. very reccomended!!!
,Recommended,274350,21985176,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,cheshire.panther,Very nice hearthwarming oldschool quest with a bit of twists and turns.
76561197979487649,Recommended,274350,18124332,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Trashware,"It is by pure coincidence that I had just finished Hotline Miami when I stumbled upon this gem of a game. These are two entirely different kind of games but they do bear a resemblence in signature. The color palette, bizarre storyline, strange characters and awesome soundtrack made me feel right at home from the very first pixel. This is one point and click that has been done really well.Dropsy is a beautiful, warm point and click varied with some fittingly disturbing elements. Like with Machinarium there is no speech or text involved, communication is with little rebuses that almost all of the time make perfect sense. There are phones and writings that you'll never be able to comprehend since well.. you're Dropsy. Your main activity will be helping - and hugging - all the people around you, gaining their trust and love while making the world a better place. It is by exploration that both story and the pretty big game world unfolds, giving you that great sense of wonder with each new screen you walk into. The surroundings feel fresh and slightly weird, comparable to those of Sam and Max (albeit a bit less over the top I guess.. maybe).There are some minor sidequests to be done besides following the main story line. That gives the game some longevity besides the four hours give or take that it would take to complete otherwise, but also I do believe that you'll get different endings according to how much you have done. I only finished it once so far though so I'll have to figure that out myself as well. Steam achievements are not yet working at the time of this writing, but that's about to be fixed very soon so that will be an extra incense to explore thoroughly.So yes, give this game a hug and buy it, the fart button alone is totally worth it! 3<"
76561198092451271,Recommended,274350,33495520,Posted: 12 July,all,Raenst0rm,I think this may be my favorite point and click to date.Every person Dropsy hugs or helps (usually both) is simply heartwarming to watch.Puzzles are just the right amount of challenging.Can't wait to finish the game- but I also know it will be very sad to see it end.
76561198043030891,Recommended,274350,33160467,Posted: 2 July,all,LizzyLady,"An amazing game about a non-verbal clown who is the nicest potato ever but everyone hates him.If you have the money and want to smile, I suggest buying this game."
,Recommended,274350,18071129,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Carlofornia Raisin,"Game of the year for me; all that I love about classic point & click adventures, and games in general for that matter."
,Recommended,274350,19874817,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,BinarySplit,"A charming and fun adventure game. Dropsy has interesting characters, a good sense of humor, and just the right level of difficulty. Definitely a good buy for any fan of adventure games."
,Recommended,274350,33255586,Posted: 4 July,all,Shaggy Kris,"This is a wonderfully silly game that will bring a smile to your face. It also has its sad moments, but I won't reveal them here. Fantastic game :D"
,Recommended,274350,29055333,Posted: 6 January,all,...,Best point and click adventure I've played since the 90's! Lucasarts reincarnate! Just so awesome - 5 stars!
,Recommended,274350,32921146,Posted: 28 June,all,CliftonB,"Telling a story without dialogue is difficult. Nintendo used to be pretty great at it, but these days, they can't seem to make a game that isn't dripping with text-heavy quests and novel-length exposition. It's even harder when you want to give some insight to a character's backstory, and even more harderer when you've limited yourself to a low-resolution display. But the world of Dropsy, with its colorful characters and locations, provides an assortment of meaningful hints and symbols to point you down the right path. Dropsy is proof that environmental storytelling works best when the environment is dynamic, interactive, and alive.Plus the main character is adorable yet terrifying, his story is tragically cheesy, and helping him win the hearts of those around him is rewarding and creepy at the same time. It's all the worst parts of stereotypical circus life brought to life in the best way.(Side note: Steam is totally lying about the amount of time I've played the game. Somehow my playtime for all the games I have got knocked down to 0, but I've made a good deal of progress on this game.)"
76561198110558083,Recommended,274350,32919530,Posted: 28 June,all,s1emeckii,"Dropsy is a really good throwback to classic point-and-click games, but it's more than that. It's a game that lets you experience what it's like to live in a world where you can't communicate with other people the way they'd expect, and have to make the best of the limited understanding you have of what they feel and what you think they need. Much like with older quest games, a lot of the puzzles are obtuse, but here they're obtuse for a good reason: we have a hard time understanding what to do because Dropsy does. That's the sort of experience only a game can give you, and it's done beautifully here.Also, you have dog in it, and every game where you have a dog is always good."
76561197963487819,Recommended,274350,32920150,Posted: 28 June,all,Jacob,"This game is phenomenal. I'm a huge fan of adventure games and I really was impressed how Jay approached the genre in a non verbal way. The game was so engaging without using a single world of text, seriously awesome. Even if you are not an adventure game fan, please, play this game, it's incredibly wholesome."
,Recommended,274350,32918984,Posted: 28 June,all,Zac,Music is amazing
,Recommended,274350,32919592,Posted: 28 June,all,Annoying Old Party Man,"This is a classic adventure game, fun for everyone. The animation is great and there's so much personality packed into every aspect of Dropsy's world. It's impressive that the devs were able to make such a satisfying game without any dialogue, too! The story gets a little goofy near the end, but that's a small flaw in such a charming game."
,Recommended,274350,32609074,Posted: 20 June,all,Maxxor501,I am going to make this as simple as possible: I loved this game to death and I may consider Dropsy a permanent addition to my top 10 favorite games of all time. Play the game yourself; I don't want to spoil a single thing!
76561198069877806,Recommended,274350,28811987,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ur Game Buddy,"Free extra hugs included :-)Had fun playing this pixel type click and point. Riddles were fine, humour was decent, interesting time of day concept that added complexity to the game. An all-rounder good for a leisure game time of a few hours."
,Recommended,274350,18077882,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Sirei,"I can only say this is the most precious, most wonderful feeling adventure I have played in a long while. The need to hug them all is real and makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside. It also shows in it's own way how wrong the media/peoples opinion can be and that you should never give up and give those people a warm smile and a hug. It's deep, meaningful, sad, tragic and all in all such a good mix with storytelling without words that I can only recommend it to anyone who likes adventures and logic puzzles."
76561198049673739,Recommended,274350,18021517,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Jawawa,Sweet yet surreal adventure reminiscent of classic point and click games (down to several puzzles proving extremely taxing!). Touching and terrifying in equal measure with a fantastic soundtrack. Incredibly clever use of symbols instead of dialogue - impressive universal accessibility and for the most part works a treat. The hug mechanic is also adorable. Highly recommended.
76561198119489553,Recommended,274350,18025591,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,sharklikefish,One of the most beautiful games I've ever seen. Honestly already in love with it
,Recommended,274350,18025100,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Engineface,"A game about making everyone you meet happy.Dropsy is endearing and beautiful, my favourite point and click I've played in a while."
,Recommended,274350,18021994,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,TheSambassador,"Dropsy is seriously a great game.  I'd call it ""disturbingly heartwarming"" but it really isn't even that disturbing.  The graphics are very well done, with a lot of animation techniques that you don't normally see with pixel art.  The soundtrack is incredible.  And the character of Dropsy himself is so unique and special.Overall the puzzles are very easy, and not all of them are mandatory.  Most of the game is spent wandering the world and making people happy.  Usually you do this by finding a specific item for that person, but there are a lot of exceptions.  The developer has somehow made solving these sorts of mini-puzzles incredibly satisfying and rewarding.There are parts of the game where you feel a lack of direction, and you can get stuck not really knowing what to do.  The only happened to me a couple of times, so it wasn't really a major concern.The ""horror"" aspects are not a big deal at all.  There are a few dream sequences that have some slightly disturbing imagery, and the end of the game also has some kinda messed up stuff, but overall the game is about an innocent being who just wants to make the people around him happy, even when they don't accept him.Get this game, it is easily worth it."
76561198035689895,Recommended,274350,17989076,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,ewokskick.888,"This game is weird and adorable.  It follows a cartoon clown who has a tragic back story and a love of hugs.  It follows the general adventure game formula of encountering people with problems then helping them fix them.  However, it has some distinctive qualities in gameplay.  First, there is a day night cycle.  Sometime problems can only be solved at certain times of the day, othertimes you will encounter someone in a different situation that might give you a hint about what they want.  Second, the game has no dialogue.  Unlike most adventure games where the protaganist and characters chatter, this game uses only pictograms.  It ends up being very effective and still communicates distinct charatcer traits with just a few images.  Thirdly, the game features animal companions who have access to areas that dropsy doesn't and can help you solve puzzles and complete side quests.  All in all, the puzzles were at worst competent and at best surprising.  It avoids the pitfalls of impossible or incoherent puzzles, but still manages to be challenging enough to satisfy.The art and animation are quite brilliant.  Dropsy has no right to be as cute as he is in this game.  It's like the developer challenged himself to make a horror clown cute and succeeeded.  The way he hugs things is adorable and the compasion and diginity the game gives this outcast clown are really special.  It's a pretty memorable art style that mixes psyachdelic art with classical cartooing.As a last note, the game may be worth playing for the music alone.  Many game soundtracks seem like workmen efforts.  They effectively hit a tone you need for a point in the game, but don't stand out.  In Dropsy, the music stack in my head.  I found myself listening to casettes (a collectable item with music on it) for no reason other than to hear the music.  I didn't buy the special edition with the soundtrack, but maybe I should have.The one drawback I had was that the game hit a bug (after the scene in the shed).  I restarted the game and it worked, but it was a tad bit annyoing.  I noticed a few minor moments that might have benefited from some polishing, but overall the quality of the game as pretty high.In the end, I gladly recommend this.  This game is great for: fans of adventure games, people who want to play something tripy, people who like pictonary, video game music fiends, people who need to get over their fear of clowns, and honestly probably anyone interested enough in the game to read this review."
76561197976351228,Recommended,274350,18366286,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Æ √ Snarks,"I typically avoid adventure games because of their nonsensical puzzles, but Dropsy plays it straight with the logic. Instead of insane solutions for puzzles that have nothing to do with the story, Dropsy ties the narrative closely with the puzzle solving. Scattered throughout the (free roam) map are various items: newspaper clippings, pictures, etc. that build the motives and background behind the characters. There's a fantastic soundtrack so take your time in solving the puzzles, appreciate the artwork, and explore the world. The beauty of Dropsy is that without a single line of dialogue, you are able to interpret and appreciate its intricate narrative. This is a game that builds itself on a combination of happiness, melancholy, and the goodwill of helping others, all of which are a farcry from most games today. Did I mention you can hug almost anyone and anything?"
,Recommended,274350,18232517,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Bones,"While this point-and-click adventure game doesn't seem to have quite all the charm those classic Lucas Art games did, it's astounding how much they managed to pack in this mere ten dollar game. Dropsy has the perfect combination of simplistic puzzles and that classic, ""Use every item on everything until it works,"" Lucas-ism that brings nostalgia to my aching clicking finger. With a well-balanced mixture of humor, intrigue, and some rather unsettling imagery this gem will both cover you with hugs, and send chills down your spine."
,Recommended,274350,28198572,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Dez,point and hug adventure
,Recommended,274350,17997827,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,DaVince,"Sure, Dropsy may look like a scary clown - his head looks like a skull from the side! But you know what? Besides his looks, which causes everyone to blame him for things, he's actually the sweetest clown with a heart of gold, out to spread cheer and joy to everyone and help them when he can.This story has its creepy moments, and it's got its incredibly sweet and heartwarming moments. And it all happens in an expertly crafted world with many puzzles to solve.There are a lot of jokes, the game contains no (readable) text, and there are all these hidden little extras that you can find if you look hard enough. The artwork is colorful and well-made, and the puzzles actually make sense. Definitely try this game out."
,Recommended,274350,17994580,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,[RUST] Plusperturbatio,"Just finished playing through Dropsy - took about five hours, and I'm pretty sure I hit everything in the game, minus maybe some very small things. And, I must say, those five hours were just as wonderful and twisted as I'd hoped - I totally recommend it!It's super charming and sweet, despite its sinister-looking coating."
,Recommended,274350,18145028,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Trillions Tems,"I've been trying to describe this game to people for a while now, and they just don't seem to get it. What's so hard to understand? You're a terrifying-looking but extremely lovable clown who just wants to make the world a happier place. With warm, soggy hugs.Seriously, though, as a textless adventure game that isn't afraid to mix up the gameplay at times, and one that actively makes you feel a little better as you go through, there are so very few games of this calibur to spend 10 dollars on in this world of ours."
76561198085423093,Recommended,274350,18155350,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Chomsky-Honk,"Dropsy was a very special experience to me. I am so glad that I made the decision to get this game. In the beginning, the first thing that struck me about this game was the soundtrack. I eventually started listening to the soundtrack in my free time, and other Chris Schlarb albums. Definitely made the experience more enjoyable no matter how many times I heard the songs repeat. Not only that the story was very captivating, if you paid attention to it. Such an amazing game that I advice everyone to purchase and take the time out of their day to play. When I got finished with the game, I had the same feeling as if I had just read a really good book, as if joy was shaking me. I think this will go down as one of my all time favorite games ever. Thank you for this joy you guys have brought to me, and I'm sure many others with this outstanding game."
,Recommended,274350,18036475,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Lictor,"If you're craving old-school point and click adventure or wish to experience the sick addiction us old timers developed back in the glorious Sierra days, you've come to the right place.  Well-done pixel art, Sound Blaster inspired audio, the whole works is right here for you.My only negative critique is some of the difficult puzzles are difficult because there's little to no context letting you know that a thing has happened arbitrarily.Otherwise, it's clever.  Quite clever.  Come get some hugs!"
,Recommended,274350,31878386,Posted: 21 May,all,Hellhamster,"Fantastic game!! Extremely good value, funny and fun."
76561198174888245,Recommended,274350,31650881,Posted: 9 May,all,massol.louise,"Touching experience, really good gameplay and awesome soundtrack. A must-play!"
,Recommended,274350,17999184,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Har0x,An amazing throwback to yesteryear.Soundtrack is amazing.Artwork is amazing.Story is amazing.10/10It reminds me of playing any of the old LucasArts point-and-click adventure games when I was younger. Keep up the good work and I look forward to purchasing any further releases from the developers.
76561198001656242,Recommended,274350,17981296,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,KlausGaming,"Dropsy is a classic point-and-click adventure game but with some new and interesting ideas. The protagonist is Dropsy the Clown and you spread hugs and happiness. Dropsy cannot speak to anyone, so you have to figure out the puzzles by images.The game has a distinct visual art style and a lot of subtle humor. If you generally enjoy adventure games, you'll most likely be happy playing Dropsy. Check out my First Impressions here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EERd7vNUXNs"
76561197993234801,Recommended,274350,17978520,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,スマシ,"Too weird to live, too rare to not play !!! ... a lovely point and click game with hug"
76561198273267787,Not Recommended,274350,32710527,Posted: 23 June,all,Ugonhavabadtime,"I really want to reccomend this game.  I really do.  There are a lot of things I like about it.  The character is interesting and lovable despite the fact that he is an ugly potato that can come off rather creepy.  The humor is great and the art style is even greater (especially if you like pixel graphics).  The story is interesting and blends horror and comedy just right.  The map is rather big as well which is annoying for travel but great for exploration.Despite all these pros and more, I just...I got bored.  I got bored fairly fast and I wish I didn't.  Not enough was happening fast enough.  The goal of the game is to make friends with the inhabitants of this world (because they all hate you) and to give them hugs.  I love that goal, it's adorable, but not enough mystery was unfolding early enough in the game for me and the goal was too simple.  I don't know how the rest of the game pans out - perhaps it gets better and more exciting.  But for as far as I've played the story is slow, the quests are slow, the goal is too simplistic, and the result is boredom.  I reccomend trying this game but I cannot promise satisfaction.Even so, I commend the creators for a well-made artistical and unique experience.  This is not a poor game it just...lost it's luster too fast for me."
,Recommended,274350,18036640,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Shunn,"Open world point and click with lots of optional puzzles. No moon logic required, just lots of questionable hugging."
76561198078582252,Recommended,274350,17975938,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Baggy,"Point and click perfection, this will make you dance, laugh, cry and have sleepless nights. Welcome to the world of Dropsy the clown, our simple minded friend with a heart of gold. The music is fantastic, the art work is fitting to the overall style. I have to give this a thumbs up, I know, I know I'm only 2hrs into it. But you can know right off whether a game is for you! Dropsy is right up my street."
,Recommended,274350,27751607,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Calistique,"Quirky, beautiful, charming, if it caught your eye just get it. There's no doubt you won't lke it."
76561198184385459,Recommended,274350,18044674,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Helxx_Lutja,"Watched Pushing up Roses review of this and she has always been right in the past about good adventure games.  But i was still so very hesitant about this.  It looks so weird, the graphics look weird, wtf is up with the conversation system?All doubts be put aside - this game is great, brilliant even."
,Recommended,274350,18189824,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Kurtican Mobain,"Just buy it already, it's freaking awesome!"
,Recommended,274350,30235059,Posted: 27 February,all,䷃䷋䷃䷏䷀ ䷴䷼䷝,"At the time of writing I'm 6/30 achievments through this game. I plan on writing a far more detailed review once I'm finished""So far I have neither had to consult a walkthrough nor found the obstacles too easy to overcome. And based on my experience so far I'd rate the experience as at least equal, perhaps even greater than the first time I played Monkey Island 2. It's that good.""""Although it does use the slightly awkward adventure game mechanic where there is no actual dialogue, so the comparison to Monkey Island is purely qualitative.""I was initially a little disgruntled when I realised that this was an adventure with no actual dialogue. But I found I quickly picked up the logic in the pictographic style of communication this game uses. And I have heard said many times that a reasonable percentage of face to face communication is non-verbal, and I the pictographs often express various emotions.And the protagonist does appear to be an itinerant circus performer, so I guess there's the possibility that he does not speak the language. And speaking of language, this also means that they don't have to make different versions for different countries and that can only be a good thing in my opinion even though I am lucky enough to speak English natively.I was also mildly annoyed that I could not jump to locations on the, addmittedly quite useful and easy to navigate, map. That is until I unlocked the car, which wasn't very far into the game really, and I felt a little ashamed that I had judjed this game so harshly, as this is perhaps one of the most flowing, engaging, funny, melodramatic, and well, just about any other word you could think of to describe desired qualities in an adventure games plot's games I've ever played.Maybe hardened adventurers might find it a little easy, I find it mildly challenging myself. But then as I've mentioned, I'm the kind of adventurer who usually needs to consult some kind of walkthrough at least once or twice. But even then it's still an attractive and engaging story so even if you do find it a pushover it would still be reasonably entertaining.You seem to score points by giving people hugs, and when you're controlling your faithful pet dog, urinating on fire hydrants. I found this mildly amusing, and gives a nice diversion to the main plot. And speaking of plots, there also seem to be numerous sub plots which parhaps aren't necessary, but unlock places to sleep. Which come in handy as this game features time passing from day to night, which is a mild inconvinience at times, but didn't bother me really. And also I don't think I've found any obstacles that are time sensitive, everybody's pretty much wherever they were at the same time yesterday.This game is definitely worthy of at least 9.1, but maybe by the time I've finished I ight even go as high as 9.3 out of 10"
,Recommended,274350,23607249,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Plant Ghost,honk honk
,Recommended,274350,33632380,Posted: 18 July,all,Salarn,https://youtu.be/KMz5wIs1hC0This clown based point & click adventure game is filled with mysteries and hugs.  Join Dropsy on an incredible journey of discovery while trying to make as many people happy as possible along the way.  The lack of dialog works surprisingly well in conveying to players what their next objective should be.
76561198099004547,Recommended,274350,31920102,Posted: 23 May,all,Fishy Fish Scale,a very interesting game
,Not Recommended,274350,34033046,Posted: 5 August,all,Jorjowsky,"I wanted to like this a game, I really did. No, scratch that, I wanted to LOVE it. I love point and click adventures! I love bright, cheery graphics! I love hugs! This should be a slam dunk!But I found the game absolutely impenetrable. I can't for the life of me figure out what the story is, what I'm supposed to do, where I'm supposed to go, or what the **** the NPCs want. ""A story told without words"" is a noble an intriguing goal, but it fall aparts when it simply substitutes words for incomprehensible low-res pictures whose meaning I can't even begin to fathom. I kept yelling (internally) ""WHAT THE HECK DO YOU EXPECT ME TO DO, GAME???""I know the game has lots of fans (including Jim Sterling, whose opinion is normally much more in line with my own). I know those who ""get it"", love it. But for me Dropsy was just confusing, infuriating and frustrating, and I cannot recommend it."
76561198026300134,Recommended,274350,18001883,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Magnus,"I have a mixed opinion about this one.It's a really nice classic point-and-click adventure, just like the old Sierra/Westwood quests we loved play. The graphics style and animation are awesome, and the soundtrack is really good.However a very bad decisions regarding the storytelling and whole gameplay design were made. First of all there are no dialogues, or any other text in the game (the only existing text pieces are written in cypher), so basically you have to figure out the personal stories of each character (and the main story of the game) by interacting with them and solving their quests. In the beginning it seems like an innovative idea, but very quickly you discover that it just making the game story empty, and some quests absolutely pointless.For example there's this costume guy in a wagon - he has this display case with some rings that some alien dropped some time ago, but the rings are decayed already. So you go find that alien, get new rings from him, and bring the new rings to the costume guy again. End of story/quest. Why this guy sits in a wagon all day and shows everyone his rings? What was the point of all this quest? I have no idea, probably a hefty amount of very creative imagination needed from the player to actually enjoy this kind of stuff.More than half of the game is basically pointless quests without a proper writing like that, you find some character - you see what they need in an image box - you bring it to them - you hug each other - end of quest. The fish in the pond, the aircraft crash site guard, the music dude who wants an album, etc, etc...And then you get to the finale - a rushed, weird, out-of-context, and again without any proper writing, that probably supposed to be left to the player's imagination - but if you won't find through the game an extremely difficult hidden secrets, you won't understand anything (and even with all the secrets it's still hard to figure out what's going on), and the game will leave you with a very bad taste.Still I have to say that even with all these bad design ideas. I enjoyed the game while I played it, and can't say that I disappointed too much, so in the bottom line I'll recomend it, and hope that the author will make another point-n-click adventure, but this time with a better storytelling."
,Recommended,274350,18325948,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,GC Positive,"Drops is a great game about a clown that just wants to make people happy, and he does. It is a heartwarming tale that inspires positivity and the spreading of good feelings. Love radiates from this game and I cannot recommend it enough because it is also exceptionally well put together."
,Recommended,274350,33007376,Posted: 29 June,all,If U Seek Amy,hug
,Recommended,274350,19228803,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Skelebone Slad,"Despite everything the media would want me to believe, I don't think clowns are at all scary. In fact, I like them quite a bit. I've known multiple people throughout my life that think clowns are terrifying, and I've never understood it. TV, movies, video games, books, all of them have loads of SCARY MONSTER CLOWNS BOO that keep reinforcing the stereotype, leaving the real clown to become a dying breed of performer, having to adapt away from the facepaint and bright colors for fear of scaring children and adults alike.Dropsy is the exact opposite of all those cliche monster clowns, grotesque as his face might be, he's the most friendly and endearing clown I've ever seen in anything, ever. He wants to be friends with every person he meets, even if it means listening to their problems and helping them out any way he can, the end result of all these new friendships being a big, warm, slightly damp hug.Dropsy's put more smiles on my face in just a few hours than most games can manage in hundreds of hours of play, I ended up caring for lots of the characters despite none of them having real dialogue, and Dropsy's personal struggle to prove his worth to the populace won me over without an intelligable word ever being spoken.If you want to play a fun adventure game, try Dropsy.If you want to reconsider a fear of clowns, try Dropsy.If you want to feel like you really helped someone, even if they're virtual, try Dropsy.If you're into hugging everything you see, definitely try Dropsy."
,Recommended,274350,19239129,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Gorrsnus,"Dropsy is an equally disturbing and heartwarming ""hugventure"" about a grotesque, misunderstood clown who tries to make new friends in a town where everyone believes he's a psychotic arsonist. With nostalgic graphics, a mind-blowingly awesome soundtrack and challenging puzzles, this is a game you won't regret buying."
,Recommended,274350,17987882,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Why Bother Living,beautiful
,Recommended,274350,19304701,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Coaldust,"Dropsy is an interesting graphical adventure.  Whether you will like it or not depends heavily on your tolerance for weirdness.  The videos and screenshots give you a good idea what you're in for.The Good:It's unique.  There is minimal violence, and almost all of it is directed toward the player character.  It is very psychedelic, and disturbing in places despite the relative lack of violence.Despite how bizarre the setting is, the solutions to the puzzles all made sense, and seemed fair.While mute player characters are a common defect in game design, it is intentional here.  Dropsy also cannot read well.  Coping with this is part of the puzzle solving.  I haven't seen that done before.Even though Dropsy can't read most of it, all text in the gameismeaningful, and you can find translations online.  You may get more out of the plot by reading the translations after completing the game.The ending is satisfying.The Bad:There are no volume controls.  It really needs them since it is pretty loud by default.The music won't appeal to everyone.  It's not all like the videos.  I'm not sure what the genres are, but some of it is very distorted and noisy.It's easy to get ‘stuck’.  I can't fault the game for this, but it is a problem nonetheless.  Almost every time I had to resort to a walkthrough it was because I had missed a mousehole somewhere.  They're inherently hard to notice.  Unlike some adventures, I never got into a state where progress was impossible."
,Recommended,274350,19284721,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,vodsel,"I played through the whole game, expecting Dropsy's kindness to be invalidated, or his actions to be shown as transient and that anyone who once loved him could easily turn around and try and harm Dropsy but it never happened and I think that is what is so touching about Dropsy. It's sort of messed up, there's grief and hopelessness, people stuck in their unhappy ways not sure how or not willing to change them, a whole cavalcade of human emotion and strife but it is so refreshingly single-entendred and honest. A very kind game I suspected all along to turn on me but never did."
,Recommended,274350,17978339,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,ㄧˋㄇㄛˇㄙㄢㄈㄣㄌㄟˋSuen,"If love does not exist, humph, my god, what am I feeling? if love does exist, what is it on earth? If love is good, where does my sorrow come from?"
,Not Recommended,274350,35309313,Posted: 29 September,all,Mooders,"I enjoyed this game for a few hours, I liked the world and there was a lot of build up and mystery about the plot but ultimately the pay off was not worth it.I may have had a different experience if i had explored everything like some people say the problem being that the game abruptly comes to a point of no return in the storyline with no warning or indication this is going to happen around 3 - 4 hours in, due to the areas of the game i had not explored yet I thought that there was a good amount of story left and it would run me through those areas and then comes the ending ... the ending makes completely ZERO sense unless you find everything in the game and due to the point of no return i wasn't allowed to find everything in the game so i felt cheated out of any sort of closure which is a shame because i really wanted to love the game. I wanted to go back and find what i missed unfortunately i did not have a game save before then and the game is very tedious if you already know what is going to happen. big let down :\ I would say the game was enjoyable before that but the enjoyment i got out of the game was the build up in events and the feeling that i was about to discover something huge but I didn't and it left a sour taste in my mouth"
,Recommended,274350,18825355,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Gargaj,"Disturbing and endearing, bizarre and heartfelt, unsettling and adorable."
,Recommended,274350,20590615,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Tillburg,"What a wonderful, bizarre, creepy, and joyful experience. Hug your way through a delightful point & click adventure game in an effort to cheer up the town."
,Recommended,274350,24683813,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Pickle Boy,"Maybe the best point n click I've played. There isnt a cynical bone in this game's body and hugging everyone is its own reward. The wordless approach is cool as hell, the symbols characters ""say"" communicate your goals clearly and make for some effectively funny/emotional moments.  The huge world keeps you on your toes to think about all the things you gotta do as you explore, and its makes for one ""AH HA"" moment after another as you find new things at a brisk pace. the art is excellent and ill fight you on that. the music rules. everything is so sadhappy it hurts.I was worried the puzzles would be too obtuse and theres definitely a few that are (that weird gold christian charm is a  keyring, believe it or not), but its overall not as bad as you'd expect from these types of games.  Most of the solutions make sense but its a matter of paying attention and having a good memory.also movement speed is slow and it makes going from location to location kind of a pain early game. you do eventually get fast travel by going thru the main plot until a certain point. i recommend focusing on that before exploring outside town more than you have to, because boy does fast travel help things along, and any side thing can wait till then.obtuseness and slow moments were the roots of the main reservations i had going into dropsy, and point n clicks in general, but im glad i saw it through to the end. jay tholen put his heart into this and you ought to buy it to see it for yourself."
76561197969189311,Recommended,274350,18135604,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,<? $this->user->kill($you); ?>,Mystery Science Theatre 3000 reference on the first screen. I love this game.
,Recommended,274350,33342009,Posted: 7 July,all,Mr. Luca,"Very cool old school point and click game. And hugs, lot of hugs!"
,Recommended,274350,28281139,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,1337pino,"If you like stylized point-and-click adventure games, than this is for you.  The music selection is very good (particularly many of the songs you collect via the in-game tape cassettes);  however, the background music did eventually get repeatitive to the point of starting to annoy me, so at some points I had to mute the in-game bg music for my own music instead.  The art style is very cool and definitely feels like a throwback to oldschool games.  As for the gameplay itself, the character, for the most part responded as expected to my clicks.  The puzzle solving itself was pretty simple and straightforward.  Because in-game speech is limited to pictures inside of speech bubbles, NPCs would essentially show you a picture of what they want you to bring them, so it's pretty easy to figure out what needs to go where.Overall I would give this a solid 8/10"
76561198071148592,Recommended,274350,27870420,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,JustJakob,"One of the far more heart felt games out there, great aesthetic,music,and design.also warm hugs <3."
76561198302353703,Recommended,274350,29699556,Posted: 4 February,all,Nightmare_Fuel,"This game is revolutionary and whoever created this game is a genius. A lot of games you might like because they are fun but this game you will love because of it's heartwarming story,music and art. Please buy this game. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,274350,18650772,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,mafgar,unique and beautiful
,Recommended,274350,18267112,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Atmaz,"A slightly creepy but heartwarming adventure about a clown who just wants hugs.Dropsy is a shining example of how to properly execute ""show, don't tell."" The game doesn't overwhelm you with text boxes or tutorials. You start the game and you're a clown. What you do from there is up to you.Even the NPC's won't use text. They have their own unique language based on a series of clever symbols. You can quickly figure out how someone is feeling or what they might need just by hanging around and listening to their thoughts.The game does an excellent job of showing you just enough to give you an idea of what you need to do next. There's plenty of extra stuff, too. I completed the game and noticed there were a few areas on the map I never reached.The art and animations are very unique and endearing.If you like adventure games, you'll like Dropsy. If you've never played an adventure game, Dropsy would be a good place to start."
,Recommended,274350,19132744,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,DinosaurSharkz,"I'd absolutely recommend this game. This game gave me emotions and made me cry a few times. It's an absolute masterpiece and beautifully done. For a story without words, it tells so much more. Watch someone else play it to see what they choose to do in which order. The developers poured their souls into this game and I'd absolutely recommend you all buy it."
,Recommended,274350,19498099,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Gonk,"Really fun game with a lovely world to immerse yourself in. I mean you can hug every single person (and many things) in the game.The puzzles are challenging but not too hard. I had to look online foe help two or three times, but in general I was able to figure them out, and felt clever about it. Luckilly you can work things out in different orders, so it works out well to just poke and prod at everything.So yeah, I loved this game mostly for the beautiful music, bueautiful world, lovely characters, and fun puzzles. Good game to break up the pace of life."
76561198040666876,Recommended,274350,18805212,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Commander Kay Shepard,Wet Clown Hugs 10/10
,Recommended,274350,20433705,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Rick,Touching and wonderful. It has been updated so that there are practically no overly obtuse puzzles and the puzzles all feel very satisfactory. Incredible game.
,Not Recommended,274350,31912484,Posted: 22 May,all,emeraldRogue,"Dropsy has an incredibly charming art style with a protagonist you will grow to love. The game also lacks any text, which I think is executed very well through symbols – you can still understand what characters need, the (general) plot, and what they are trying to say. However, the game is more exploration style (think LISA: The First or Yume Nikki): you know you need an item to advance, but you're given absolutely no hints as to where that item may be, leaving you to comb the entire map for one small item (which may end up being relevant to a side quest, not the main plot). I used walkthroughs to get through Dropsy, because the game leaves you in the dark so often. Dropsy was unique and visually appealing, but lacked a quality plot or gameplay features (which, frankly, are sort of the main two things I'm looking for in a game)."
,Recommended,274350,22853162,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,malon!,so cute i cried fam
,Recommended,274350,18768556,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Syril26,"Hugged 10 people , now they love me.10/10"
,Recommended,274350,18088073,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,The Salt King,its good but not $10 good
,Recommended,274350,31880299,Posted: 21 May,all,vichoware,Balada triste de trompeta
76561198128472773,Recommended,274350,25684724,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,valahbr,Dropsy is the most adorable game I've ever played in my life and it's the first point 'n click adventure that I've ever truly fell in love with.It's mindblowing how it manages to be so touching and relatable without having one single word.
,Not Recommended,274350,32663967,Posted: 22 June,all,chrisac33,"If you like point and click adventures, this game might be for you. For me, the colors were too bright, music too repetitive and not into randomly running around clicking on everything until I find the things I need for each ""puzzle""."
,Recommended,274350,17976190,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,benly,...7/10...
76561198142396326,Recommended,274350,22855413,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,SquishierGnat,Undertale goes to clown college
76561198035770816,Not Recommended,274350,28738445,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Shinycakes,"i really liked the art style and music, as both were great, and the game does a great job of making you like/appreciate the main character! (i got headaches over the pixel stuff, but not sure why?? its nice stuff)the idea of going textless is... a great idea, but not executed all that well. for one, all text was made into an easy-to-translate swap of the alphabet into nonsense symbols. it feels weird that, for a game boasting how it has no text, it still includes some? Now, this is a minor complaint, i get that! but then the use of pictures ended up giving me a headache, and i only played through the game purely by reading a walkthrough--most of the puzzles are obtuse, and i really couldnt get anything, especially with the division of skills among different characters. since hints aren't really available,on top of this, the text issue works horribly with the story! no spoilers, dont worry!i didnt really understand any of the plot, and only understood the ending (about 1/4 of the way) only because of the descriptions from the walkthrough i usedi had no idea what the motivations of the antagonist was, why the ending was the way it was, and how the ending ties into the story. it's like i bought a thriller book, only to find the ending has been swapped with a joke bookthe only reason i know things now is because of the dlc stuff, and even then it was still frustrating to find the only explanations via the notes for the game....i really do love the concept of a textless game, and i love the idea of changing the opinions of the public, but the entirely weird ending and no real way to explain various motivations without supplemental materials makes this kind of a waste of several hours of my time..."
,Not Recommended,274350,24436391,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,andy,only play on class a drugs
,Not Recommended,274350,22384300,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Engine Er,"I liked the premise of this game, at first... but it's just tedious to go through."
,Not Recommended,274350,20270401,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,El Botijo,"Dropsy is a point and click adventure game. One thing that differentiates this game from most other point & click games is the icon based dialogues. However, that means that dialogues become just a few icons, such that I could not sympathize with the main character at all. There are a lot of optional quests that grant no other benefit than a hug. The day/night mechanics make it easier to accidentally avoid some important bit, and harder for you for almost no reason. One example would be the costume shop clerk that visits the cemetary at night. There is no obvious hint that would happen, and this example can really block the main story.Graphics are OK for most part, but the inventory is awful. With no text to help identify objects, you are left with your imagination. One clear example of this difficult to identify items is a necklace that looks like some sort of hammer from a distance.Music sounds good - although a lot sounds like elevator music to me. However, use of music might be inappropiate at times. It clearly does not react to whatever is happening on screen. The music is varied, maybe too varied.As far as the story goes, it is not really coherent to me. Main character is acting in good faith most of the time, except for when it needs something from S-Corp. You know how most of the time, Point & Click games show that the main character is a cleptomaniac, taking everything that is not bolted down. However, Dropsy usually acts in goodwill, except for a break into S-Corp in order to steal secret thing guarded by two killer robots.For the reasons cited earlier, I cannot recommend the game to anybody else I know. There are definitely more enjoyable games out there."
,Not Recommended,274350,20010787,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Sham,"It's a love it or hate it game. I was actually creeped out after some time, aad I think it tries for the retro feel a bit much. I can't honestly recommend the time I had with it before I was grossed out with the whole feel of it.On the other hand, I had some friends who just really liked it.Edit: It seems that because of how I refunded the game, I no longer have hours. I had around 1.6 before I had to put it down, and solved the first half dozen puzzles."
,Not Recommended,274350,20981506,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Spartan,Sorry this game looked epic but the style and characters just really bothered me the music PHENOMENAL but the gameplay is just not right i dunno its just me...
76561198026069206,Not Recommended,274350,19783016,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,GrogGeneral,"Good aspects of Dropsy:- Fun, novel setting idea- enjoyable graphics if you love Pixel Art- heart warming story sequencesBad aspects of Dropsy:- The overall ambiente of the game is depressive (homeless people and poverty, your mother is dead and you are constantly reminded of it, everybody hates you): It's not a ""fun"" game to relax in that sense. The handling of those serious topics is also rather serious.- Will the setting is novel and fun, the gameplay is absolutely boring - this is a point and click adventures and those can be tremendous fun! (Like deponia or monkey island!) - but where Deponia and Monkey island embed their riddles in their storyline so that figuring out one riddle after another feels like progress and fun, Dropsy takes another approach. You have to convince every npc that you are good and collect hugs after they're convinced. That's the whole story. In a sense, this gameplay feels like a typical questgrinder from an MMORPG - you run around to find the items that match what the npc needs, give it to them and move on to the next search-quest. Gameplaywise, figuring out these ""Riddles"" feels tedious because you know after you have done one, the story won't really progress - all that waits for you are 20 other search quests.- Characters don't develop any depth. The developers tried their best to develop characters without the use of language (there is no text-speech or voice-speech, people speak with pictures in their speech bubbles) and while the concept is interesting, it ultimately falls short on developing a rich story or characters. Characters you meet feel completely exchangeable (in comparison,  think of monkey island where characters like the pirate captains, captain le Chuck, the three headed monkey, Elaine, your own pirate men etc. brought so much fun to the experience) - in Dropsy, none of the characters (except for your dog companion) is memorable or interesting or entertaining at all.- The story is poor. There is not much of progression, but you basically need to do 50 fetch/search quests and that's it.All in all, I wouldn't recommend the game to anyone unless it's on sale for under 2.00$. It's a bit of a disappointment really. the dropsy trailer was great and I hoped I could support a point and click indie developer but there are far better point and click games out there. The Deponia series or games from wadjet games for that matter."
,Not Recommended,274350,25978459,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Purrple,final boss isn't fouseytube
,Not Recommended,274350,19892833,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Methossa,"Diappointingly heavy handed undertones. From the copy of Atlas Shrugged in your dad's boss' storage locker, to the entire display and involvement of the corporate CEO that I can't get into without spoling it. Oh, and the president on TV looks kinda like Nixon. Buy it if you read Vox and don't think it's satire.I guess in the plus side, the art is nice, the hug idea is neat, and there's some cute moments. But I wish I hadn't bought this or spent my time on it."
76561198041903633,Not Recommended,274350,30606057,Posted: 18 March,all,CaptMidway,.
,Not Recommended,274350,31547332,Posted: 4 May,all,Axiluvia,"This sounds like a very interesting game. Too bad it's impossible to play it. I can get through the beginning couple of rooms, and from there, it just does not work properly.I've tried everything I can think of to fix it, and posted on the steam forums, and haven't got a response. I'm a Linux user, and this game is unplayable for me, even though many other Linux users have gotten it to work. No contact and no help though, makes it even more frustrating.So no, I can't recommend a game that is unplayable for me, and any help doesn't seem to be coming."
76561198061173103,Recommended,274350,21422019,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Wiseguise,"This game was absolutely adorable, and truly heartwarming. It was actually my first experience with Point&Click Adventure games, and did not disappoint.This game has a dedicated ""Hug"" button... what else is there to say?"
76561198124701786,Recommended,274350,21468268,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,beautifulxpastels,"► Dropsy ◄Likes:→ Cute animation.→ Side quests.→ [spoilers] The ability to hug people <3 [/spoilers]→ Interesting plot and characters.Dislikes:→ Rather creepy.→ Confusing saving/loading mechanism.For me, there was not much to dislike about this game. I found it enjoyable though it gives off a rather creepy vibe with the [spoilers]realistic clown scene in the bathroom[/spoilers]. I also had a problem figuring out the saving and loading section of the game, but it's not too bad as it took little time to figure it out. There were not many problems I have experienced in the game.Other than that, I would recommend this if you'd like to experience a bit of creepiness with a bit of cuteness on the side. Would recommend if you'd like to creep your friends out too."
,Recommended,274350,18890191,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Drone-Sleeper,"I hate point and click games, I hate them so much, ever since the day I played discworld as a child, they torment me clicking back and forth between every area never finding the one puny object required to move on with the ♥♥♥♥ing game but Dropsy hit the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic spot of lusting pleasure for me I actually managed to almost completely ignore the hatred of clicking all over the screen to move and find puny ♥♥♥♥ing objects to continue progress thanks to it’s incredible art style, story and optional content.Dropsy is not a very long game in terms of it’s actual story some people may see this as a curse but I find it to be a blessing, the world of Dropsy is full of colour, if you feel like taking a bath in hallucinogenics Dropsy is the way to go, yet it carries an air of depression with it, most of the NPCs are miserable and if you choose to you can be change all of that and fill the broken down colourful world with happiness by finding items to develop everyones love for oneself but this is entirely optional (If your a mean spirited ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥) Dropsy can almost triple it’s length if you try to find every item to help every person which i recommend as this game does give you a feeling of achievement in doing so, plus HUGS ARE SO WORTH IT!Dropsy in itself does feel very personal as you play it, ever been that person rejected by everyone Dropsy feels you and is waiting to give you a wet hug, it did get very personal to me I must admit, there were smiles and tears feeling like Dropsy was a less handsome version of me in a game, the game itself has no verbal communication everything is given to you in pictured gestures which at first was confusing but very easy to figure out in the end.Dropsy gives you some animal friends to help you on you’re journey, obviously there are puzzles that specifically require you to use these friends in very specific ways to move forward but you will find yourself getting very attached to them especially the dog as characters they have depressing stories to add to the game if you are willing to look for them, the puzzles themselves can be quite difficult at times but they are usually short so any progress is usually enough to satisfy you that you’re coming to the end of that section, also the pixelated graphics can make it difficult to discern what is helpful and what isn’t, but thankfully if you move your cursor over things it changes to a hand or an eyeball so you know it can be interacted with even if you don’t know what the ♥♥♥♥ you’re looking at.The ending I shall not spoil but I will definitely say that I loved it.Play this game, your life is incomplete without it, you will never feel joy again if you ignore this, play it or die that is the choice here, jimsaw will find you otherwise and we all know what will happen.I would give this game an 8/10 deducting a point for my intense hatred of point and click games."
,Recommended,274350,18864145,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Grip King,"Dropsy gives a reprise from modern day ""slaughter-all"" games with a happy-go-lucky take on point-and-click puzzle games.As the clown named Dropsy, the game begins on your mother's birthday. However, as revealed in the intro cutscene, she has died some time before from a circus fire, which was blamed on Dropsy. The main goal of this part is to take your drawing and the dog's present (yes, there is a dog) to Dropsy's mother's grave as a present. From there, the world is slowly revealed to the player through Dropsy's actions.Will you be the loveable, huggable, and happy clown that everyone loves or will you forever be vilified for actions from the past that you haven't even done?"
76561198195989650,Recommended,274350,18861334,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,natashacavata,"This game is beautiful. The story is touching and memorable. It shows a lot about our world and it doensn't even need text to do so. It does an awesome job taking us through pain, sadness and hearwarming moments. The gameplay is clasic point and click adventure and the graphics are colorful pixel art style. If you like this type of games, Dropsy is a great choice.The only thing that bothers me, is the fact that the achievements are not live by the time I'm writing. But since achievements are not a MUST for this one, it's ok."
,Recommended,274350,18750590,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,AMX,"What happens when you combine the face of Quasimodo with the heart of Superman, and then give him two balloon arms for good measure? Well, such a creature does exist. His name is Dropsy.Dropsy is the story of a simple clown, living a simple life, with his beloved parents in a simple circus. But that all changes when one night, a fire breaks out, taking the circus and Dropsy's beloved mom with it. For whatever reason, Dropsy is blamed for starting the fire; soon after, his beloved father suddenly falls ill.Also, the poor guy is bald, overweight, illiterate, and gap-toothed to boot.By all accounts, Dropsy looks like he should be a deranged lunatic. But the thing is...he's not. Even after suffering all this trauma, all the poor guy wants to do is make friends, help people, and give hugs. Dropsy's a grown man with the innocence of a child, but it somehow doesn't come across as creepy. He's just a good-natured clown who loves other people and animals (like his puppy, mouse, and bird friends), and he just wants to help.Visually, this game looks a lot like those old point-and-click games, such as ""Monkey Island"" or ""Sam & Max Hit the Road."" There is one major difference though: this game has no dialogue. At all. The entire story is told through word balloons and pictures; some people might need time to get used to this, but it's not that hard to follow. The soundtrack is pretty good, too; there are a lot of different songs, and they stick with you.Yeah, the story's not a very deep one, and there are plenty of other stories with the ""beauty is only skin-deep"" moral. But at the same time, ""Dropsy"" makes it work. If you're a fan of old point-and-click games or just like stories or characters that help restore your faith in humanity, I'd definitely recommend ""Dropsy."""
,Recommended,274350,18476157,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,g-o-b-j-ä-r-k,: >
,Recommended,274350,18465528,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Zurkon,"For the first time in the history of anything ever, a Likable clown!And I'm not counting Harley Quinn and your depraved Coulrophilia you degenerates..."
,Recommended,274350,18413988,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,PoCalJoys,"Very good game from beginning to end, worthy of a point-and-click of the best, the personality of game are not copy past on other games, the graphic style pixelated is a very good idea because realism kills the video games. The game is full of life, full of mutual assistance that is what I liked. The puzzles are complicated, so hard, that I have see the videos of other players to help me. The soundtrack is excellent, that of the game, the  audio of cassettes are not really music, but instead  gibberish. However I did not too understand alien delirium, weird but remains rather not bad to justify full of things. Best point and click I've played in my life. 10/10"
,Recommended,274350,18005469,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Crossedfall,Truely the hugventure of a lifetime.
,Recommended,274350,18000357,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Enforce,If this game was released 10 years ago it would be a work of art.And it still is.
76561198043168588,Recommended,274350,18063723,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,neonwhite900,"Heartwarming and nightmarishly twisted in equal parts. Dropsy on the surface seems like a LSD driven nightmare. But pull the rug up and it presents a touching story with one of the most lovable gaming characters in recent memory. Having played lots of the classic adventure games in the ‘90s, I find myself now completely bereft of nostalgia for them. Games, I’ve felt, have generally moved on and found better ways to impart an experience of “adventure.” But Dropsy is wonderfully executed and so full of genuine heart and warmth that it overcame my cold-hearted distaste for the form. It’s sweet without ever being saccharine, tells a story that disturbs without ever resorting to cynicism, and is ultimately uplifting."
,Recommended,274350,18061965,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Adam,A unique and wonderful game. Good job devs!
,Recommended,274350,18060568,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,MothTheDeadMan,"Get them damp hugs.In all honesty a fun, happy, warming game that is really messed up. Give it a shot, the puzzles are simple enough and nothing beats the good feeling I got whenever I got to hug someone."
,Recommended,274350,18060575,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,FuriousLemon,Wow. Wonderful point and click experience with and amazing soundtrack
76561198011173565,Recommended,274350,18079187,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Brekli,"While it still has the moments of frustration the click-adventure games of old had, it also has their strange sense of satisfaction, and even triumph. Aesthetically Dropsy is one of the most enthralling games I've played in ages, and it's charm and heart were completely unexpected. I don't want to say much about it for fear of giving anything away, but it's more than worth the price of admission to this three-ring circus of fun. Dropsy manages to convey it's message in a way that is completely immersive, and I found myself devastated when I beat it, I wanted to stay in Dropsy's world even longer, but as visually rich as it is, I'm likely going to be going back to it a few more times just to see what secrets I can tease out."
,Recommended,274350,18072807,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Beavis,Beautiful just beautiful 10/10. If only everyone thought like Dropsy. <3
,Recommended,274350,18094870,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Somfin,A quiet little gem with an excellent heart to it.
,Recommended,274350,18095770,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Slippery John,"Absolutely beautiful game, highly recommend"
76561198040074047,Recommended,274350,18096093,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Zammy,Dem feels man....
76561198079331454,Recommended,274350,17980790,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,bluetent,"be the clown, hug everything, clown everything!"
76561197998944478,Recommended,274350,18118323,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Lumikki & seitsemä taskuvarasta,"I want a pair of those shoes, god damnit."
,Recommended,274350,18128080,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,imummey,"Worth the $10. Would like to see more games in this ""universe""."
76561198091210341,Recommended,274350,18142329,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,pinkpinnn,"A Point and Click adventure featuring a terrifying looking clown that will actually have you feeling all warm and guzzly inside. Didn't plan on getting this at first, but I'm glad i did. Go Dropsy!"
,Recommended,274350,18142529,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,"Beebos, The Games Clown","Dropsy was one of the best games I've played in a long long while. All the characters and locales were beautiful and well-made and charming. Absolutely the best Adventure game I think I've played, and I definitely will be replaying it. Can't wait for the upcoming content!"
,Recommended,274350,18089761,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Sleepimedes,"Out of all the hugventures out there, I can safely say that this is the best one I've had the pleasure of experiencing."
76561198030083009,Recommended,274350,18091084,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Master of Space and Video Games,this is the best rpg ive ever played and the soundtrack is excellent as well
,Recommended,274350,18112931,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Purge,"This game made me feel feels I've never felt before.The opening pounds on you instantly, not stopping until you leave the forest outside Dropsy's tent home. But from that point, the feels are non-stop. Dropsy lives in an unusual town, filled with colorful characters, all with their own problems but unified by one thing; they don't like Dropsy. The circus tent fire that happens during the opening cements that, the fire claiming the lives of several citizens, along with Dropsy's mother. But, with a bit of luck and some ingenuity, you can solve these problems and show them that Dropsy is a forgiving clown who cares not about their hate. All he wants is to help people. And hugs. Lots and lots of warm, damp hugs. The music is fantastic, and the pixel art is beautiful, and nothing more needs to be said. This is some top notch point and clickage."
,Recommended,274350,18104503,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Pazuzu,Beautiful
76561198038037769,Recommended,274350,18052019,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,treelaunka,"Great game, made me happy. Only problem is that the auto-save saves right before your locked into the one ending. So..... make sure to actually make save files."
,Recommended,274350,18052234,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Guts,It's like Skyrim with clowns.
,Recommended,274350,18053536,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Jennegatron,"Truly one of the most affecting and touching games I've ever played. Played through it twice in one week because I couldn't stop thinking about it, and bought our household a second copy to support one of my favorite games of all time. I highly recommend it for anyone who has even a passing interest in point n click adventures."
76561197970325980,Recommended,274350,18054039,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Eddaus,Dropsy is a game about decency and kindness. A simple point & click adventure following the adventures of a clown with the biggest heart of them all. Dropsy is a role model for the ages.
76561197994765320,Recommended,274350,18006343,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,ExaltedBlizzard,"Amazing quest! very ceative, compelling and emotional."
,Recommended,274350,18006625,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Caffeine Heart,"Hilarious, yet heartfelt. Cute, yet weirdly gross. A really fun adventure game with well-balanced puzzles, an amazing soundtrack that sets the mood perfectly, and pixel art animation that squashes and stretches like a classic Tex Avery cartoon. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,274350,18005873,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Lateralus,"A brilliant if not insane story told with out a single word being said.Clever puzzles, brilliant characters and HUGS!"
76561198011914727,Recommended,274350,18017805,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,gerberBabey,Just the art style is worth the price.10/10
76561198173036161,Recommended,274350,18018127,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,El frito bandito,Buy it now. Its soo ♥♥♥♥ing cool
,Recommended,274350,17993290,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,UnholyKnight,Do you like adventure? Do you like hugs? Do you like clowns? Do you hate clowns? Play. This. Game.
,Recommended,274350,19139909,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Dama,"Pretty decent point n' click adventure with a unique story, characters and setting. Unfortunately the ending leaves much to be desired and the ""plot twist"" was very underwhelming. Worth it on sale, if only for the twerking."
,Recommended,274350,19223247,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Chi,I'm speechless.
76561197993269284,Recommended,274350,21971050,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Deleran,"I enjoyed this game. As such I'm going to give it a positive review. With that being said, it's a qualified positive review. This game would likely only be enjoyed by genre fans. If you enjoy, or are at least willing to put up with, frustrating and unintuitive inventory puzzles, then you'll probably like this game. It has an interesting aesthetic and unusual themes for the genre that I think are implemented well. If you're not a fan of older style adventure games, this probably won't be the game to change your mind."
76561197998052402,Recommended,274350,22247250,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,CorpusChristine,"This is probably one of the most human games I've ever played. Dropsy's appearance and past make people believe he is a monster, but instead of this causing him to become spiteful, he has nothing short of unconditional love for everyone and everything around him. Being a rare modern example of a completely straight-forward clown, his only goal in life is to make people happy. Through some easy-but-not-too-easy puzzles (and lots of hugging), this short story is heartwarming without being saccharine, with some surreal and at times grotesque visuals that complement the genuinely sweet concept. If you like to take your time exploring an open-world environment and enjoy point-and-click adventures, this is definitely worth your time. It's a bit slow going at first, which is common for this kind of game, but the well-crafted world and even more well-crafted soundtrack certainly make it worth pacing yourself."
76561198022018852,Recommended,274350,27688503,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,LeoLiuos,"If you've seen the trailer, erase it from your mind if you can, this game is at best when you don´t get spoilers.You´ll find yourself in a world that is sympathetic, funny, evil, surreal. A classic yet fresh adventure that is a cure for any cynical person.Personally I skipped this before as I thought it would be too surreal and colorful for my taste but after 2 minutes of gameplay already changed my first impression. I could as well have paid the full price for this. I recommend it with or without discount, an adventure you most likely haven't seen before."
,Recommended,274350,27607650,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,aaefiikmnnnr,This game gives me bipolar disorder
76561198132397150,Recommended,274350,27731674,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,petermaffayswarze,Much too easy for a really good point&click adventure but it's a ♥♥♥♥in lovely story
,Recommended,274350,27585119,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pentaro,"A surprisingly sincere and touching story about an illiterate clown searching for friends among the people that shun and fear him.Also, the soundtrack is amazing.You've come a long way since your CYOA origins, Dropsy. :)"
76561198062172729,Recommended,274350,27567168,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,EffingA,"Sometimes people run and cry when I try to hug them. I'm simply glad I don't look like a creepy meth head clown at the same time.That being said, this game is hilarious, slightly frustrating (in a way only a point and click can achieve), and 100% wtf and fullfilling. Highly recommended."
76561198017392344,Recommended,274350,27794046,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Xavaneca,Hug the world
,Recommended,274350,27095362,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,░ ΠΔTHIΔs ░,;(
,Recommended,274350,27370530,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Alfonso Molestro,"This is a really good point and click game, if you enjoy those.  Dropsy's kind of an artsy game that makes good use of context to tell the story; it had to because there are no words in the game."
76561197987741969,Recommended,274350,27369946,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,JCloud,"The most perfect ""Hug to Win"" game of all !!!Dropsy is destinated to win the “Villain Most In Need Of A Hug” Award."
,Recommended,274350,18965294,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Cham? Jarred? Who knows?,"Dropsy is a damn good point-and-click. The soundtrack is beautiful, the graphics are vibrant and dreamy, and the story was enough to bring a tear to my eye by the end. It manages to accomplish all of this without ever using a word of written English. My only complaint is that it's just a few hours long.If you like good music, trippy visuals, and a heartwarming story, Dropsy is the warm, damp hug you've been looking for."
,Recommended,274350,27302329,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,HalfNHalf,"Just an amazing experience. You get into it thinking it'll be a freakish head trip, but it manages to accomplish a lot more emotionally than you anticipate it could.It's also amazingly trippy."
76561198044354348,Recommended,274350,27348306,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Variablemania,"Dropsy is my first experience with the point & click genre, and I quite enjoyed it. There was only 1 part I got completely stuck on, and for a game with no dialogue, spoken or text, I'd say that's an achievement. Maybe that means that people who are very familiar with the genre would find it too easy, it's possible. The original soundtrack is really ""comfy"" feeling, I'd say."
76561197962655102,Recommended,274350,27063040,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Raymand63,A heartwarming game. good music.if you like point and click you should give it a try
,Recommended,274350,26927374,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Meowstodon,"Dropsy is a beautiful game. It borrows the best traits from old school point and clicks and melds them into an emotionly heavy story you'd expect from a new tell-tale style adventure. They put so much love into this one, it's one of the best i've played in a long time."
,Recommended,274350,26915034,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,J. Kyle Pittman,"Dropsy gets my nomination for the ""Villain Most in Need of a Warm, Damp Hug"" award. Having grown up in the golden age of Lucasarts and Sierra adventure games, Dropsy appeared tailor made for my sense of nostalgia. Happily, its appeal goes beyond its gorgeous pixel art backgrounds and animations; it's a brisk, rewarding, charming, and surprisingly moving work of art. Its characters communicate clearly through actions and emoticons, and only on the rare occasion did I feel that the lack of written or spoken dialog made it difficult to infer a goal. I never had to resort to a walkthrough to finish this game, which puts it head and shoulders above the majority of adventure games I've played. I did find myself reaching the point of having to try every possible combination of actions towards the latter half. Despite a quibble or two, it's highly recommended and an absolute must-play for fans of the genre."
76561198087017758,Recommended,274350,26274091,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Low-poly cat,"If you have coulrophobia this game might change that.Dropsy is a wonderful graphic-adventure with an equally heartwarming message about preconceptions and the power of kindness.The lovable protagonist, Dropsy, is a disturbingly ugly yet innocent and caring clown who, despite the townies' general dislikeness of him because of a tragic accident, does his best to help them all. Thus, by mere acts of altruism, Dropsy is capable of gradually changing the hostility of his surrounding world into a friendly environment and switch the folks' negative opinions by showing them his warm, gentle personality.Dropsy has moved me deeply, and coming from me and my generally cynical way of thinking, that is really saying something. The game is not sentimental in any way (""sentimental"" as in ""excessively cheesy""), it doesn't tell you how you should feel about something or force you into a certain ""moral"" path. You can help people feel better or you can go straight to the main story (although the former is the whole point of the game) So, if like me, you are allergic to melodrama, worry not. Dropsy has a lot to offer and delivers well along with its charming pixel graphics and its beautiful, sometimes jazzy soundtrack."
,Recommended,274350,26944397,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Baller's Gait,"I'm not finished with this game, but I have to say it's one of my favorites of the genre.The way it presents itself without ceremony (outside of the jingle that plays when Dropsy hugs someone) or weighty exposition but lays out the pieces of backstory and characters for you to put together yourself is truly remarkable, and not just in contrast with the modern school of game design.I bought it for the full $10 pricetag the other day and I will be taking this sale to upgrade to the WDH edition. I will not be getting a refund to match the sale despite buying this only two days before the 75% markdown. At $2.49 I absolutely recommend it to anyone that enjoys point and click adventures and lovingly drawn worlds and characters."
,Recommended,274350,26889155,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,friend frog,"A game with genuinely a lot of love. If you come into this hoping for a ""creepy clown adventure"" you will be sorely disappointed."
76561198271962473,Recommended,274350,20478576,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,aperuzu,"Dropsy is a ""point and click"" adventure well developed. Plot and puzzles are logic and interesting enough to be considered a good adventure, as well as music, sounds, animation... But they are not the reason to recommend this game. Dropsy has an unique point of view which turns reality into compasion in a superb way. Dropsy the clown and his world are universally human, as its dialogues show, avoiding words to use images to create a non verbal, but globally understandable, meaning."
,Recommended,274350,20497609,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Usernam_Pending,"Beutiful, Heartwarming and at the same time heart breaking. This is possibly the best game i have ever played. The music is absolutly beutiful, and i listen to it on a regular basis. The story is expertly told through the gameplay, and theres hugs. HUGS. A must buy."
,Recommended,274350,20518742,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Vekter,"A really good point and click adventure game in the style of Lucas Arts classics. While it mechanically doesn't do anything new or outstanding, it is a great game for any fan of the genre."
,Recommended,274350,20552508,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Doktor Stev,Adorable and weird. Heartwarming and humorous. A great little point n' click that just oozes origninality.
,Recommended,274350,19943236,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Nathan_Cypher,"Dropsy! A heart-warming tale of a hugging clown, as well as a really good soundtrack. If you like adventure games, you should play this one."
,Recommended,274350,20019746,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Blood War,"A picture is worth a thousand words, and this game uses nothing but that. No spoken diologe, all the character communicate using images. Pretty short with some side missions in makeing people happy and some collectables to enlongate the playtime. Fantastic trippy art style, simple point and click game play, and a nice time discusting whats going on."
,Recommended,274350,20024888,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Leonhard Euler,"I needed hints a couple of times, but overall this was a very addictive, charming, and oddball point-and-click adventure.The fast-travel that you unlock at a certain point is a welcome feature."
76561198002082616,Recommended,274350,20561814,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Dr.Demencio,"Point and click adventures are evil. Seriously, I can't remember the last one I played where I didn't hurt in some way at the very least one (usually innocent) NPC. Over time being mean to other characters has become a staple of the genere. Even if this is rather usual in other kind of games, it feels very different when done in point and clikc adventures. More concious, more meditated, with a far clearer mischievous intent. And I love it :-PDropsy isn't really different to similiar games in that sens, though it definitely does feel different. The main character has an aura of innocence about him. All his actions are clearly aimed to ultimatley helping his neighbors, even though they openly despise him. It is very unsual to find games where the main objective is making everyone happy. And I truly appericate this.Dropsy the clown isn't alone in his adventures. As his jorney progresses, a trio of additional playable characters joins his party: a dog, a mouse and a bird. Each of these are different sizes and have different movement possibilities. These differences are cleverly exploited to block acces to specific areas or objects until the needed friend has joined the party. It may be not immediately obvious how these additional characters are supposed to be used. They lack inventory and all their puzzles are very physical, usually consisting in finding the path to a specific position.I find laudable the effort that was put into telling the whole story without resorting to text or voices. Unfortunatley the meaning of some of the icons used during dialogs is not always clear. Speaking of which, keep in mind there is text in the game though it just contains additional details which aren't really important to understand the story. These texts are in english but written in a custom alphabet instead of the latin one, so they must be deciphered by the player.These game is rather non-linear. In fact, many of it's quests are optional. This is great, though sometimes it may be a bit disorienting. It's not always obvious whether helping one of the neightbours leads to a dead end or has further reaching consequences.Artistically the game is great. Backgrounds and characters and detailed and full of personality. The animations are also great, very lively and charming. The music is excelent too and very varied. It's also integrated into the gameplay since there are a handful of additional pieces that can be optinally collected through your journey. The SFX are fine, though not very impresive.All in all, and although I felt disapointed by the ending, I enjoyed playing Dropsy. It's quiet easy and not very lengthy, so I recomend it to anyone looking for a frugal, pleasant and warm experience."
76561198065308627,Recommended,274350,20654910,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Darkxaur,"Seriously tripped out point-and-click where you play as a hideous wobbly armed clown with a hugging obsession. Once you  get your head around the pictorial dialogue, this game proves to be rather entertaining if a wee bit short. HUG ALL OF THE THINGS!"
,Recommended,274350,20727343,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,jartur,"This is a short game, but a good movie is also short. 100% worth it. A lot of love went into this game and you feel it."
76561198035338590,Recommended,274350,20719695,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Sawwave,"Beautiful and evocative, Dropsy is the point and click adventure game I've always wanted. As a game, Dropsy is less interested in the brain-melting puzzles of many other adventure games, and instead attempts to create truly human experiences. It juxtaposes a bleak, modern world with the titular clown's childlike myrth, and creates beautiful meloncholy along the way.The pixel art is quite nice, and the soundtrack varies from nice to amazing."
,Recommended,274350,20691452,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,DigitalMily (✿◠‿◠),LOVED IT!
76561198136843720,Recommended,274350,25128320,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,HairyPiotter,Would hug again 11/10
76561198322105870,Recommended,274350,24736462,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Noyjoy,A must buy game! One of the best point and click games I have played. Twisted yet charming story and a trippy visual style.
,Recommended,274350,25414667,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Zizi Thrush,"sad, sweet, and beautiful. An example of powerful storytelling using video games as a vehicle. One  of the best soundtracks in a game overall, one of few I would just listen to day to day."
,Recommended,274350,25450010,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,BADGERPIG,"This game is wonderful in every way!It's very well designed, it has a strong, lovable personality and a supricingly compelling story.It might even be the best point and click game ive ever played!"
,Recommended,274350,25557615,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Boulard,lovely story and beautiful animated pixel art
,Recommended,274350,24633548,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Mr. Parga,"As Dropsy hugged everyone throughout the game, he also hugged my heart and my soul.Great, original point-and-click. Awesome visual style and music also.Highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,274350,24451986,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Walking Casino,"Aside from a couple sections where I had no clue where to go or what my next step was, which isn't terribly uncommon in point and click adventure games. I found the game to be a steady and enjoyable experience that caused me to feel some genuine emotion at times. I wish I had discovered fast travel a bit sooner, but such is life. Overall the game play is fairly simple and straight forward.The graphics are simple but expressive. The music is really unique, kind of trippy but the majority of it I found the be quite enjoyable and I might even listen to the soundtrack outside of the game. The puzzles themselves are fairly straightforward and the game is more about exploring the environment and learning the history of the town and its characters.I am thankful for the experience and look forward to playing it again someday."
76561198175445865,Recommended,274350,24522750,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,freefood024,"it was charming, and has that perfect amount of challenge were your not ""clicking everything in site""the only thing that was bad about it was the ending felt kinda rushed8/10"
,Recommended,274350,20125382,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Slawfish,
76561198055327463,Recommended,274350,21805280,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,kittysoftpaws (Hollyhawk),"Play this game. You won't regret it, just don't get the iOS version, you can't finish it until they fix it. I bought this game while looking for something surreal. It really is unique and touching and the music is great too. Good work!"
76561198021079811,Recommended,274350,26030241,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,AWESOMEO,"Great game, the soundtrack is soothing and fun, the world is colorful and a blast to stroll through and the story is poignant. Get this now."
,Recommended,274350,25587466,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Meat&Bones,"A sweet, strange, wonderful game that hearkened back to traditional adventure point n clicks without being nearly as frustrating or obtuse as them.As a deformed clown in a strange wonderful world of color and sound (there is no real text in the game), Dropsy tries to do good for other people and help however he can. I went in expecting a gross-out and found myself cracking up, fascinated by the excellent music, and genuinely moved by some of the small emotive stories that this strange clown goes through as he tries to hug everyone and everything.Check it out."
,Recommended,274350,25585566,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Shamrock_Red,"It has been a while since I played through this game. I remember it having a great story, wierd and alluring vibe, just the right difficulty, and it left me wanting more.  I hope Devolver makes another point and click game similar to Dropsy. I loved being in the world of Dropsy and want that feeling again."
,Recommended,274350,24528749,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,DasWunderKind,"Dropsy is a point and click adventure about a clown who loves giving hugs.This is a game that if you happen to be in the right mood you will have a good few hours (3-4 which is what took me to reach 100% )You play as dropsy and 3 of his animal companions and basically you point and click and hug your way to the ending.Story wise the game uses symbols and images instead of text since dropsy cant read and there are no voices at all so all we have for sound is music which is OK not fantastic nor terrible but if you get stuck in a puzzle I can see how a few tracks might become annoying.Everything is told through symbolysm even though there is a story it is nothing mind blowing, this game is all about making people happy and hugging them !!!The puzzles are not hard and getting 100% will take your less than 6 hours.I enjoyed my time with dropsy I completed it in one sitting too !!!But its a complicated game to recommend, for $9.99 I wouldnt say its a must buy I would highly recommend to wait for a drop in price maybe $5.It has no replay value nor does it have anything incredible going for it, but its a nice game worth a playthrough.6/10"
,Recommended,274350,27986917,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,hisserbee,"I love this game. It's cute, gross, funny, and poignant all at the same time. Definitely one of my favorite point and click adventures."
,Recommended,274350,27848839,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Prodigy,Damn ninjas cutting onions...
76561197961564251,Recommended,274350,19557126,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Fuzzy-Fox-Rocks!,Wonderful game. Cured me of my coulrophobia.Brilliant soundtrack too!
76561198078869232,Recommended,274350,28179165,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,QwissRoll,What a charming point-and-click adventure. The day/night cycle makes for some pretty clever but logical puzzles. Hug all the things!
76561197980429671,Recommended,274350,27863873,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bubba Jones,"My nominee for ""Villian most in need of a hug"" award 2016.Um, what can I say.  This is a fantastic indy adventure game.  The storytelling manages to capture emotion and make you empathize with a protagonist and characters in a way I haven't seen too often.  I also have to say, I haven't met a protagonist as admirably selfless as Dropsy in a long, long time.  If you enjoy adventure games or want to find good and imaginative storytelling experiences, this is a game that belongs in your library.The game follows the story of Dropsy, an overweight, horrifying looking clown who is so mentally disabled he can't speak except to laugh or mumble, writing looks like unintelligable squiggles to him, and he can't understand a single thing other people say.  The story begins on the anniversary of a tragic accident he caused which resulted in the death of his mother and affected everyone in the city around him.There are only a few ways you interact with the world around you.  The most useless, is speaking since you can only understand generally what they are saying and everything comes out as unintelligible.  The second, is by using the assortment of items you find.  Third, is by having several animal friends you make interact with them.  Finally, and most usefully is hugging - you should hug everything.The puzzles for the main story are not too complicated and you should have no problems figuring out where to go and what to do.  The real meat and most enjoyable part of the game are the interactions you have with NPC's on the side and solving their problems, the game does quite a bit to push you to these people.  Dropsy has this interesting gift to see how depressed people are around him and the game nudges you to do something about it - since Dropsy wants to do nothing more than make the world a better place.  The result is almost always heartwarming and satisfying to watch.  Finishing these side missions and finding out how connected all the people in the world are to each other and how they connect back to you is more rewarding than the story itself and makes the story that much more enjoyable.The game isn't without its problems, the pointing and clicking can sometimes be a little off and the soundtrack can sometimes be a little...grating.  Travel times, in the early game can be a problem and even after you get fast travel you may find yourself walking around...a lot.  None of this detracts from the overall experience as far as I'm concerned though.There is only so much more I can say about this without spoiling it.  Suffice it to say Dropsy is a wonderful little game and a satisfying experience I will not likely forget."
,Recommended,274350,28460290,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,veggiesama,"We played this together for about an hour. Every day, I keep asking her to play. But my girlfriend just says, ""I don't like playing Dropsy. It... makes my heart feel sick.""Highly recommended."
76561198025582721,Recommended,274350,26901813,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,natsumenokage,"Dropsy is a vary hard to describe game. It's vary intresting game with no dialog it uses imagery in speech bubles to easly convay the mesage. The game can be vary happy but, also dark. It plays with your fealing. It suprised me how attached I became Dropsy and his frends. This is done in the stile of a point and click adventure."
76561198106159078,Recommended,274350,26329090,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,big bopper,"all you need to see to know if you will like this game is dropsy's walk cycle. it is funny, bouncy, cute, a bit creepy, and just great"
,Recommended,274350,26528473,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Jacob,This game is worth it just for the music.
,Recommended,274350,26570409,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,courtnicles,"Dropsy is soooo sweeeet. Try not to use FAQs because it really takes away from the game. I took a bit of time but it was worth it even if I didn't get to do everything and hug everyone. Would play again, the art is so beautiful. The characters are incredibly designed and very naturally diverse. I love it."
,Recommended,274350,26584956,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,BananaInspector,"A bonkers, tragic and yet exceptionally heart warming adventure about a misunderstood clown who likes to spead hugs."
,Recommended,274350,26174609,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,St.Hiccup,"This game is great. I love the art, story, and music. It easy to get through the game without getting lost. The best part of the game is Dropsy. He just wants to make everyone happy and hug them. He made me happy with his game. I'd recommend this game to anyone that wants to play a good point and click game."
,Recommended,274350,28940529,Posted: 2 January,all,ryanxj9000,"Pretty good. Strange. Only had to check online a couple times when I got stuck. It is possible to finish the game without solving every single puzzle, so there is a replayability factor with a walkthrough if you are a completist."
,Recommended,274350,28975083,Posted: 3 January,all,Fenkai,"I loved this game! I came in thinking it was goin to be creepy and crazy, but it ended up being a real sweet adventure filled with hugs, kindness, and adorable animal companions. Some of the puzzles were tough to figure out, but I was able to beat it without a guide, so props to the developer for giving the players the tools to solve it's puzzles without making the solutions truely out there. I also didn't expect such a nice twist ending. It didn't come completely out of left field either, so it was honestly a believable ending given all of the information you come across during the game. The music for this game was especially well made as well! Very relaxing adventure that wasn't afraid to get depressing and creepy at the perfect times. I look forward to hopefully seeing what the developer makes next~"
,Recommended,274350,23930324,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,savingdata,Great game for when you don't feel like playing an intensive game! A lot of fun!
76561198041952197,Recommended,274350,23956127,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,unplay,"Don't know what this game was,but I hugged a fridge, so,10/10"
76561198068967529,Recommended,274350,29345062,Posted: 18 January,all,Spook Memes?,One of the few point and click games that I did not get bored with.  It manages to tell a complete and fleshed out story only using pictures.  9/10 good game
76561198025401368,Recommended,274350,30118310,Posted: 23 February,all,BenzelWashaton,An excellent homage to Lucasarts classics
,Recommended,274350,32934527,Posted: 28 June,all,madned,"What a game! Dropsy is worth it from start to end. It's not only its humor, which is hilarious, it's a game made with love and full of love. A graphic adventure that is so much fun exploring, which challenging puzzles and lots of things to do. You'll love Dropsy as soon as you know his story, he is a good guy, he is just a bit unlucky, but pure at heart.One of the best graphic adventures I've played in the last years. 100% recommendable."
,Recommended,274350,33479976,Posted: 12 July,all,RainyDayPlays,"One of the better point and click adventures I've played, the music is soothing and I'd highly recommend getting the soundtrack. The story is good and the book of secrets is full of wonderful goodies which are an inspiration to anyone who's ever thought of developing a game. Money well spent in my opinion. This game, with it's beautiful and gently unsettling aesthetic, is heartwarming and pure. Worth playing several times over to revisit the scenery and characters."
,Recommended,274350,33183653,Posted: 3 July,all,Sardia,This is a very well made Point and Click with good art and great musicPlaying this made me want to get a hug from Dropsy
76561197990505519,Recommended,274350,33047201,Posted: 30 June,all,AidsBolaPoxFlu,Good point and click
,Recommended,274350,32960651,Posted: 28 June,all,ACEJester,Beautiful game.
,Recommended,274350,32962961,Posted: 28 June,all,Toholk the Blinded,"I feel for this clone, I too appreciate what toilets do for us, they all deserve a hug."
,Recommended,274350,32949148,Posted: 28 June,all,Inspector Gesicht,"""I'm sorry Ronald, there's room for only one clown in my heart."""
,Recommended,274350,32786990,Posted: 25 June,all,SpikeDaPenguin,"This game was fantastic to play, listen, and enjoy however act 3 and the ending ruins this game entirely.  I can't go into spoilers but you've been warned.  *Sigh*  If it wasn't for act 3 and the ending I'd recommend this whole heartedly because it's such as sweet and adorable adventure.  However, the things you learn and see during the end of the game throws everything out the window.Edit : After a couple days with the songs stuck in my head and the overall enjoyment I got out of the game, I'm changing my review to 'Recommend' instead.  I still think everything above is true and that hasn't changed but if 80% of the game has great music, story telling, etc. then I have to give it props.  So the least I could do is 'Recommend' this game with a warning about the last act/ending.  I think that's fair.  Enjoy!"
,Recommended,274350,32932296,Posted: 28 June,all,Dora,"Completely unexpected and completely charming. I think a lot of people will probably look at Dropsy and wonder when the other shoe is going to drop... you keep expecting it to turn gross and creepy and ""edgy"". But the simple fact that makes the game so pleasantly surprising is that Dropsy is simply a very positive, very engaging point-and-click adventure with a wholly earnest and lovable protagonist. He may look king of scary and act weird, but Dropsy's whole point is what an honestly good person he is despite how unfairly he's judged and often treated, and I think that's kind of wonderful.From a gameplay point, I would call Dropsy fairly standard for the genre. There's a lot of backtracking and some questionable puzzle logic, but exploring the world (and thankfully eventually finding quicker ways to travel around it) feels very organic and rewarding. Unlike a lot of point-and-click adventures, Dropsy doesn't lock you into rails, so it can be easy to feel overwhelmed when you discover so many places and people and puzzles, all at once, and trying to figure out when and how to tackle them can be daunting as a result. If you follow the main story, however, you'll usually come across items as you need them, and anyone looking for classic adventure with a lot of charm and heart should absolutely check it out."
76561198371599028,Recommended,274350,33614727,Posted: 17 July,all,if.alice.remembers,"This game is amazing -- it's warm, creative and genuinely moving.  I loved experiencing this world and learning about these characters...  Dropsy himself is so sweet.  His wall all plastered with drawings of the people and things he's hugged, all with giant smiles, just broke my heart.  THANKS FOR MAKING THIS GAME, MR. THOLEN~~~  It was unlike anything I've played/read/watched before, honestly!  The plot/little details kept surprising me.  I laughed, I cried, I babbled about it to patient friends.  Yes."
,Recommended,274350,33871203,Posted: 28 July,all,nat,good game
76561198330392895,Recommended,274350,33927118,Posted: 31 July,all,YaraM,This is the first and last game that has brought tears to my eyes. Thank you for this masterpiece.
,Recommended,274350,33940620,Posted: 31 July,all,TaterToots,"I absolutely love this game. It has such a uniqueness and charm that you don't see often. I love point and click games, and this one is a gem.Aside from the gameplay, the art is phenomenal. If you love point and click, or clowns that give sweaty damp hugs, this game is for you!"
76561197998338822,Recommended,274350,21792391,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,ShadowMaster,"I'ts all about hugs!! Dropsy goes into a ""HUG"" journey and to find out about his ""HUG"" story, in a world that is all about hugs! hugs for you and for everyone else!"
76561198130246294,Recommended,274350,35509933,Posted: 5 October,all,SensitiveGamer,"The only clown I truly like! I definitely recommend it! It's a cute adventure game and pretty funny! You wouldn't think it would tug at your heart strings but it does! I definitely recommend this to anyone who's looking for something fun, different, and in my opinion kind of relaxing. It's a nice break from all the shooters and stealth games. I hugged and peed on everything possible in game and I have no regrets!"
