user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,274310,10205114,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Spirit,"""Always Sometimes Monsters"" was an experience, for sure. Thought-provoking, clever, humorous, and dark in all the right places. The interactive story of people at their best and worst. But I have some serious gripes. For one, there never seemed to be any consequence for starving your character. Early on I made sure my blocky textured game self was properly fed at least one brick of bacon a day. By the end of the game, however, it didn't matter. I went the last few days without so much as entering a store. No complaints of hunger, no risk of starvation... I just kept trucking.Another complaint: pacing. Man was this game hindered by poor pacing. The game runs out of interesting tasks early on, and getting on to the next ""level"" require monotonous grinding under the guise of ""man does real life suck or what?"" And I get it. You want to buy expensive things, you've got to work for it... or be greasy enough to rob people blind. But as a game mechanic it turned the experience into a chore. But I kept on trucking, like my malnutritioned game character. I had to get to the end. Surely that would make it worth it? All of these choices - so many variables! How will my story turn out? Well, SPOILERS...It ends the same way every time. Me in an alleyway with a gun pointed at me. Did I betray my friend? Yep. Marry my girl? Yep. Did everything end up falling apart? Yep. Okay, seems logical. If you're a♥♥♥♥♥♥ you're going to get a♥♥♥♥♥♥ending. I'll do it differently! I'll help my friend. Let my girl marry him. Maybe now I won't end up all distraught in an alley? Didn't I make friends in my travels? Friends who swore they'd help me and be there for me? Wasn't I a good person? Rescuing dogs and helping old ladies? Nope. I'm in an alley, begging for the sweet release of death. Well, that isn't very fun. Again, this feels like lazy design disguised as some seriously angsty philosophy... life sucks. It doesn't matter what you do, who you are, or who your friends are, it all ends the same way: you, in an alley, hoping some guy will execute you to make the pain go away. Really unfortunate. You can be a horrible monster or a paragon and it ends the same way. What, bad guys don't win sometimes? Good guys lose, sure, but they don't EVER prevail?I may have to play this through a few more times, but what I'm seeing from other players is the same preachy, bummer ending. I'll rescind this review if need be; assuming there's a way to end it with me not sucking the proverbial barrel of a gun.Edit: As of 5/24/2014 I'm seeing that there were some finale bugs that resulted in the player character  ending up in his/her homeless predicament regardless of doggy rescuing and old lady assisting. It seems the devs have corrected this. It also seems that there are a few happy endings that require a bit of finagling... choosing arbitrary reasons for the initial break-up, choosing how to make a quick buck, either planting seeds or harvesting medicinal marijuana... I don't know why. I still can't recommend it. Some people will enjoy this. It's an interesting story with some flashes of brilliance; just not enough. If you like bummerfests (as that is likely how your story will end JUST LIKE REAL LIFE MAYBE SOMETIMES ALWAYS),  and you don't mind monotonous grinding, THIS might be the game for you."
,Recommended,274310,12599185,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Mumu,"I had been sick of saving the world, fighting zombies or shooting people in games. Always Sometimes Monsters featured a storyline where I was just an ordinary person trying to stay alive in this cruel world & to get back with my significant other. I definitely recomend."
76561198034164242,Recommended,274310,10193356,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,CorpusKuso,"Updated Review:This is a hard game to review. I personally enjoyed what I have played thus far which at this point is 4 hours,but have not completed it. It allows the player to make choices with no morality scale,but rather allows a sense of introspection for why we make the decisions that we do and to see how it affects the story. Although I am left feeling like many of the decisions I have made would not lead to drastically different outcomes,but rather just affects my own view of myself. Again the title ""Always Sometimes Monsters"" is pretty apparent. The game starts off showing what I have the great assumption is the ending,but it is the journey of discovering how my character got to that point that is intriguing. While also discovering what I am willing to do or not do in a video game whether it is virtual or not based upon how the characters are written. I enjoy it thus far and it has been for me worth the 9$ and supporting indie developers who created the game that is inspired on their adventure around the country. If you like choice based games and interaction then this may be one for youOriginal comment:I was promised a 3-some they left for lube and never came back :(9.999999999999999/10"
,Not Recommended,274310,10203075,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Varotyk,"Let me start off by saying that this game has a lot of potential. The idea of a game that lets you choose your own path starting from the bottom in this way is somewhat unique, and it is fun for a while. The issue with this game is that I feel that I merely have the illusion of choice (which I realize could be the point, but it still annoys me). It seems as though I can make some little decisions that mean nothing, but I am essentially forced to follow a fairly linear story for the most part. In one instance, wihtout major spoilers, I had a job moving boxes. My character repeatedly complained about the job and recommended I quit. However I decided to truck on. eventually, 96 boxes and 30 minutes later, nothing had changed. Sadly, I tried to take a screenshot using f12, and it kicked me to the start screen, losing all of my work.This leads me to my second complaint, controls. I appreciate the simplicity, but it is too much. I haven't found a way to remap keys which results in the keyboard using the arrow keys for movement, enter for actions, and escape for back and menu. Considering the constant use of the enter key, I am forced to either cram my hands together, or endlessly shift my hand. Using a gamepad does not fair much better. The analog stick is finnicky at best and for some reason the x button is action rather than a. considering the constant travel around the world that is necessary to proceed, this is a major hassle.Finally, the game doesn't run at 1080p. I didn't look too hard, but I couldn't find anything that warned me about this, and frankly, I kind of expected it to at least scale. I'm not sure what it is about this game's particular visuals, but they seriously hurt my eyes as well. I constantly feel like they are being strained despite no problems with other games or computer activities.Ultimately, I can't recommend this gam in its current state. The idea is there, and honestly, it lured me in, but it just isn't done well enough. If given another chance, I would wait to see improvement and further reviews before buying."
,Recommended,274310,18189224,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Faudraline,"""Every man builds his world in his own image. He has the power to choose, but no power to escape the necessity of choice."" ~ Ayn RandAlways Sometimes Monstersis one of those experiences that would make you stop in a random moment of your daily life, and reminiscence some irrelevant happenstance from long past. You'd ponder, you'd sweat. You'd ask yourself if you did the right thing back then, or how your life would be turned out if you'd do otherwise. You'd feel uneasy for no relevant reason to your actuality. The only relevant reason is that your conscious decided to pay you a visit and you just got a hit on home.On a rainy night, a furious young man with a 2000 dollar suit and an Italian accent slams the door behind him as he proceeds towards the dark alley. In mere seconds, a shaky middle aged gentleman with spiteful features does follow him, and orders the Italian to come back that instant. The Italian refuses, and declares that he is done. They start to argue, as the Italian keeps walking away and the other man keeps throwing threats around like Halloween candy. Suddenly, their argument is cut short with the appearance of a faceless hobo who asks them to listen to a story, with a .45 at hand. As his ex-boss keeps yelling for the Italian to shoot the hobo, he keeps the hobo on gunpoint and makes a choice... This is the defining moment ofAlways Sometimes Monsters, and as you make your very first choice, the camera rolls to tell you the hobo's story.Always Sometimes Monstersis a story of someone as real and as ordinary as you or me, who'd hit rock bottom and take a journey to redefine their place and worth in this world. The narrative is excellent and compels you to take every little aspect of the game personal. I've emphasized with my character so deeply and invested in her achievements, her choices and her personality so thoroughly... I found out that I've been playing the game as myself all along. Considering the whole display of the game consists of 16 bit graphics, a repetitive techno soundtrack and a text narration, such atmosphere is a great feat by itself.The world you play is as uncanny and as simple as the real world, and nothing is sugarcoated. The game is a contemplation on human nature and the element of choice. By definition, the storyline forces you to make choices and live with their consequences at every given turn. There will be moments that would make you, and moments that would break you. You will be forced to face the ugly, cruel and downtrodden part of reality; nuances and topics that we'd better left ungazed in our daily life. Sex, drugs, language, immoral and unethical, even violent actions are only the beginning of the content you'll be forced to deal with. By the first hour of your gameplay, you'll become familiar with the term ""lesser evil"".As you may have guessed so far, the game has multiple endings and huge replay value. You are given an open world with limited time for one conquest. The journey in between is what would define you in the end. One thing that I've appreciated the most is that there are achievements only relevant to plot progress. As you'd complete one casual playthrough, you'd have every achievement. This encourages the player to experience the game with honest choices and make his/her own decisions: play the game as it is intended to be played.Bold in tone, bare in nature, ordinary in content and extraordinary in achievement,Always Sometimes Monstersis an experience. Take out a can of beer, pick your headphones and start the game. By the end, you'll discover more about your own self than you'd be comfortable with.Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
76561198008754466,Recommended,274310,32144748,Posted: 2 June,all,Rowdy Mouse,"I'm honestly not sure whether or not to recommend this game. Ultimately I enjoyed playing it but there were some things that made it way less satisfying than it could have been.Non-spoilers version: I think the central theme of the story wasn't conveyed well enough so the ending I got caught me off-guard. Some of the writing suffered from mood whiplash and typos. The SNES-style urban environments, character art, and music were all really good, though, and the game featured some really interesting storytelling. Ultimately I think it was more ambitious than it was capable of delivering.SPOILERS VERSIONIn retrospect I should have probably picked up on this, but in my playthrough I seriously did not get that the primary motivation of the main character is SUPPOSED to be to win back your ex. I somehow ended up playing the character as...kind of learning to get over her old relationship and hitching to her ex's wedding to make a clean break and a new start. The ending I got only made sense, though, if you view the story through the lens of trying to win back the love interest, and from poking around on the internet it seems the other endings are much the same. The love story was told in playable flashbacks throughout the game, which was neat but the fact that I knew practically nothing about my character and her girlfriend starting out meant that I wasn't really invested in their romance. Also, the whole climax of the game only makes sense if the protagonist was travelling to the wedding specifically to crash it, so...probably they shouldn't have given me all those options to NOT be interested in crashing the wedding, then. Oh well.The writing was kind of mixed. I did end up caring quite a bit about the characters, and it was suitably funny in parts and emotional in others. The pacing is kind of odd (I found myself saying ""well that escalated quickly"" a lot in the casino scenes) and sometimes it can seem like the authors didn't know whether they were writing a wacky comedy or a realistic drama at any given moment, so scenes sometimes lurched through both a bit jarringly. Later on in the game you get judged on your prior actions in a super heavy-handed way that left a bad taste in my mouth -- especially since I was kind of judged negatively for actions that I had no control over (I wasn't ever given the option to stop Mark from racing against the mechanic, for example, but I still apparently ""let"" him take the bet on my behalf??), or that I couldn't reasonably have predicted would have the effect that they did in-character. The game throughout did a pretty good job of presenting interesting choices with no obvious right or wrong answer, and then kind of hosed it up with the heavy-handed moral judgements right at the finish line.I also thought the game might have been improved by a more realistic depiction of homelessness (being able to get infinite food by fishing in urban canals was sort of laughable)Visually the game features some good character art with an extremely diverse cast, all of whom are rendered very distinctively. The pixel art environments do a great job of evoking urban squalor, the dusty loneliness of a small rural town, and the seedy opulence of a big casino hotel. The music is catchy but doesn't get old. The minigames sometimes got repetitive but honestly that worked for me since it's pretty accurate to the actual experience of being a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ temp worker.All in all this game reaches really far and falls a bit short, but the end result is not so bad.Ultimately I recommend it because of what it's trying to do, and because it's the only game I've seen where the protagonist can a broke, depressed lesbian who failed to write a novel, which I find very relatable."
,Not Recommended,274310,10209763,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,dande313,"I am usually a fan of games that are thought provoking with branching and complex storylines, as well as ethical decisions that affect the world around you. There were some points where the game was very enjoyable and others where it taught be something about my own morals (pretty straight, but willing to hose the people who try to cheat me). And I enjoyed how the creators were meta, and stuck themselves in the game. And some points were pretty hilarious, like when I broke into a doctor's mansion to recover evidence of his teddybear fetish for blackmail.Unfortunately, there were many points in the game where I was unsure of what to do. I would spend a good half hour or more wandering around town trying to find something, ANYTHING to do to pass the evening so they game would FINALLY let me start a new day. Othertimes it was very redundant. Don't get me wrong, it was hilarious to get a job butchering pigs ALL DAY LONG... but when I've got to do that for three days in a row, it got pretty dull. I guess work is work, and that's reflective of real life. But in the end I felt it sort of forced my hand. As recommended, I named the main character after me, and the ex after my ex. But I really had no desire to travel across country to go to her wedding. I mean, inviting me to her wedding? That was a ""dickish"" thing to do. I'd rather work hard and get my life back on track... But butchering pigs was pretty dull, so in the end I bought a bus ticket, just so I could pull out a little more entertainment out of this game. Because there was literally NOTHING else I could do at that point.I also wasn't a huge fan of a lot of the dialogue. There was a lot of swearing, trash talking, etc that detracted (I felt) from the game. Maybe that's just me, but it felt overused. Also some of the dialogue and cut scenes were... long and without much substance. Maybe that's another way this game tried to mirror real life. But sometimes I felt myself skipping through scenes, thinking ""I really need a break, but I HAVE TO SAVE MY GAME!"" 15 minutes later, I finally get a chance to save.I really hate to say I don't recommend this game. You can tell a lot of thought and effort went into it. It's only $10, and a lot of people really enjoy it. You might really enjoy it too. Who knows? Maybe it's worth taking the chance. But for me, it wasn't worth the investment."
76561198046156647,Not Recommended,274310,14396706,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Librarian54,"This game is disappointing on many levels, but the quickest way to explain it is ""The ride was much more enjoyable than the destination"".The Good:I enjoyed Always Sometimes Monsters for how inclusive it is and the little changes it makes for the character you choose and the sexuality of that character. The attention to detail is really nice. Some parts of the game are monotonous, but I find that it completely jives with the overall theme of the game. I didn't have a problem being bored, because the boredom of mundane work is kind of the point of the game. I did enjoy the many ethic decision making the game forces upon you. I did find out something about myself that I didn't know before playing, and that experience is very rare for someone as self-reflective as me.The Bad:The end is terrible. I expected my past decisions in the game to affect how I would choose the ending, but they didn't. The ending you get depends complete on the last 3 days that are completely scripted and on rails. I was enjoying my freedom for most of the game and then suddenly everything went into this singular tunnel. A lot of the choices are binary, but it's never more apparent than at the end of the game. Another problem is I kept thinking that the time limit would be more constrictive, but I got to the goal with double digit days left over and I got no reward for showing up early. In essence, the game punished me for being efficient. This also makes it possible for you to play the game with no real reason to ever deviate from society’s moral standards. You don't have to choose between love and ethics, you're choosing between working hard and being lazy since you have a ton of time to make it to your destination. This game has the same problems as Tale Tale Game's games; choices are fun, endings that are not meaningfully impacted by your previous decisions ruins the fun.What would have made it better:More moral choices, giving how many days until certain jobs or areas open up, telling you how many towns are between you and the goal, and finally make a decent ending(s).Recommendation:Skip this game. It's pretentious and the ending will spoil any fun you'll have during the game. I am excited for the next game from this studio, but this experimental game is far from optimized. It suffers from being part of the first wave and I hope the devs will learn a lot from it and from the community response to it."
,Not Recommended,274310,29371337,Posted: 20 January,all,lafouboy,"Here is NTR the video game. It has no happy endings and only the decisions made within the last 30 minutes of the game actually matter. If you played only the last 30 minutes of the game, you'd get a more logical ending than playing through the entire thing.*SPOILER WARNING*I played a character who went through an adventure of self-discovery and learning how to love oneself + have hope for the future, supported by those who she built relationships throughout the journey with. Didn't matter. Still a depressing ending where everything the game invested into character building and plot building is thrown in the drain for a completely cheesy ""I hate myself, I am going to attempt to kill myself or die completely alone on the streets"" ending. It didn't even make any sense, as there was absolutely no reason she'd end up there after everything she went through. Literally, almost all of the choices have absolutely no consequence on what ending you'll get and how your character will turn out. I looked up the other endings and they are all pretty much the exact same, with minor differences in dialogue.Do yourself a favor. Don't buy this game. It is seriously infuriating to see absolutely nothing come from such a long and, what should have been, an enlightening journey. It's literally just an NTR bait game, where you have to decide whether you want to let someone NTR you or if you want to NTR someone else.*note*NTR stands for Netorare, which is pretty much the equivalent of ""I stole your romantic partner and flaunted our love in front of you so that you could choke on hatred and sorrow"". It is the absolute worst thing and this game forces your character into it, even if you try to make them appreciate their life and find deeper meaning/a purpose after lost-love. The worst part is that the game actually makes you think that an ending like that is completely possible, thanks to the long-lost uncle character giving you a foothold and moral support, along with making you feel like a winner in life again; teaching you that there is more to life than we let ourselves originally think. It's all about perspective.My perspective:This game is utter garbage. Don't trust the other reviewers. There is the ""Mass Effect 3 Ending"" paradigm of endings here and A LOT of completely trashed potential. It is actually quite depressing and infuriating. For the love of all that is holy, don't subject yourself to this game. You've done nothing worth being punished by this pile of wasted potential, I guarentee it."
,Recommended,274310,10193849,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,fr33kill,"I helped an old lady then i killed a guy, just like in real life. 10/10."
76561197973488954,Recommended,274310,22805429,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Bailey,"There are four kinds of pain:1) Physical pain: Injury caused to your physical body; cuts, scrapes, bruises, etc.2) Mental pain: Traumatic thought; particularly rough lines of reasoning that cause distress.3) Emotional pain: Distress revolving around the way you are feeling; pangs of sympathy for someone in an unfortunate situation.4) Soul pain: Like emotional pain, but deeper, and personal. Not simply empathy, but more of a... resonance between a person or event and yourself.This game hurt my soul."
76561198115181261,Recommended,274310,10193561,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,i wanna win a soccer game,"I don't write game reviews, but Always Sometimes Monsters is an exception.  This game, or life sim, more appropriately labeled, is a masterpiece.  The rarity of violence makes the few scenes that contain violence that much more intense and it is complimented by dark storylines and troubled characters.  The character development is flawless and deep and it is a delight to see your character's story play out through flashbacks and the choices you make throughout your journey.  This has all the makings for Indie game of the year and I hope it achieves this."
,Not Recommended,274310,10745370,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,snoot,"I was really looking forward to playing this game after I had heard about its creation: the developer was inspired by his hippy, back-packing roadtrip across the US and Canada, and sought to expand the treatment of morals in videogames. I'm a sucker for story-rich games and love ethical ambiguity (for example, my favorite game, The Witcher).But once I got into this, the play was just awful. I found myself doing stupidly simple tasks, like one job where I literally have my character just go left and right across the screen carrying boxes from a conveyor belt to a truck (over 25 times!). It seems like the creators just had very little creativity when it came to gameplay. Not to mention the self-referential jokes that started to sound haughty and overdone.Many times during the game I found myself bored and confused: why are all these shops here? What is the point of this stamina bar that LITERALLY DOES NOTHING? Why create all these items if they serve no purpose?? And the worst question for an RPG game - WHERE are all the people/dialogue??I would normally excuse these kinds of detail problems if there was a great story to hold onto...but again, this element lacks in ASM. We get a very short introduction to several characters, are told to apply moral depth and meaning to the relationship our character has with them, only to then be expected to ignore said storylines for half the game and be satisfied with a terribly shallow development/ending.To me, this game was a contrived attempt by hipsters to create something ""meaningful;"" akin to making a really great sauce while burning the meat."
,Not Recommended,274310,10240228,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Gorewolf,"Preachy, wanky and long winded. Imagine a world created by a first year philosophy student just dumped by their first romantic partner. Horrible. Boring. Painful. Kept waiting for a redemption that never came."
76561198065066248,Not Recommended,274310,10328981,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Jack Frost,"Always Sometimes Monsters represents the worst kind of stupid game: it is a stupid game that calls itself a brilliant work of art.ASM is advertised as a story-driven experience, but ASM’s narrative is at best silly and at worst downright dumb. The plot involves slowly meandering through less than a handful of sparsely populated, small towns to dissuade a former lover from marrying someone else. Along the way, decisions must be made about whether to be nice or mean to uninspired, cardboard cut-out NPCs.You are never really provided a reason to care about the former lover. You are simply expected to care about her/him. This expectation applies to all the other flimsily developed NPCs as well. Sometimes they have problems involving drug-use, sex, violence, suicide, etc., but these subjects are never thoughtfully explored.  ""Mature content"" is inserted as if merely including it is enough to elicit emotional investment in the characters and story--but the trivialization of sophisticated issues only comes off as a failed attempt to be ""edgy.""Clumsy, unpolished writing also plagues the entire game. Dialogue between the protagonist and NPCs is uncreative, insipid, and dull-witted. Characters often spew unnecessary profanity like children who say “bad words” to sound “cool.” And when ASM isn’t transparently trying to be provocative, it bludgeons you with trite declarations about life, choices, and consequences. The ponderous tone of these statements gives an impression of self-importance, rather than intelligence. While playing, I couldn't help imagining the folks at Vagabond Dog spouting this stuff to each other and saying ""that's deep, man.""Actually, I didn't have to imagine much because ASM's creators apparently think shoving themselves into the game at every available opportunity is clever.Pixelated versions of the creators stand atop the Delvolver logo. They make an appearance during character selection. They show up in every coffee shop of every town. They even squeeze themselves into the epilogue. And their dialogue often consists of praise of ASM's content and comments such as “whoa, meta.” Maybe the cameos would be less irritating if there were more NPCs (and more stimulating NPCs) to interact with, but the NPC population dwindles as the game progresses.Instead of repeatedly congratulating themselves, the team at Vagabond Dog should have focused on making ASM a better game.Definitely, not recommended."
,Not Recommended,274310,12882869,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,ABob71,"I really wanted to like this game, but I haven't been able to immerse myself in this world for reasons that escape me.  |I LIKE pixel graphics.I LIKE thought-provoking concepts.I LIKE things that aren't based around world war whatever or aliens or zombies or goats.Too many of the situations in the game come off as trite. However, maybe I will eventually come around to enjoy this, but as it stands the world is/was too bland and forced."
76561197968796544,Not Recommended,274310,22830903,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,KEVON,"starts out fun but quickly devolves into monotony. and why should i give a ♥♥♥♥ about my ex? its the entire impetus of the story and doesn't seem to offer any alternatives, not even going to the wedding just to ♥♥♥♥ it up rather than trying to win your ex back. the choices in the game are entirely binary, which just isnt true in real life. for example: choice A - give key to landlord, choice B - run awayI wanted to run away just because I needed some extra time and I knew the landlord wouldnt give it to me. my character instead tells the landlord to ♥♥♥♥ off and calls him a miserable old man etc. wtf? choices dont need to be 100% good or 100% evil. its 2016.I refunded this game for 2 dollars"
76561198005511672,Not Recommended,274310,12851020,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Marshmallowmancer,"It's very difficult to recommend this game despite its rather lofty goals, which I respect. However, it fails to deliver on practically any of them, including an engaging premise. The consequence-driven gameplay is little more than a thinly-veiled illusion and the ""adult choices"" amount to little more than having tosubject yourself to menial, boring minigames in the semblance of menial, boring labor to earn a paycheck. There's little reality here, despite all its claims to be more mature and adult.I respect what the devs tried to do, but ultimately, they failed."
76561198122638444,Recommended,274310,12766497,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Zardu Hasselfrau,"Wow, this game is good.I'm a sucker for any game with a good story and Alway Sometimes Monsters does not disappoint. Not only does this game feel real but it also makes you think. I really do enjoy the simple graphics and I just love games that let you chose your sexuality instead of forcing you to be straight.I want more games like this."
76561198136462355,Recommended,274310,12487324,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Bubbarelli,"Always Sometimes Monsters is far from perfect. There are glaring flaws to be seen. But for every misstep, there are moments that hit their intended mark so well it transcends any amount of mini-game drudgery that came before it. It oozes personality. That personality can often be found to be your own. It's absurd, mundane, and hopeless, but always endearing. Sometimes it's brilliant."
,Recommended,274310,10195908,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Caydln,I watched an old lady have sex.10/10
,Recommended,274310,31175866,Posted: 16 April,all,JMPunk,"It is not an happy game, it will not make you feel better, and probably it will not entertain you. So, why do you have to play Always Sometimes Monsters? Because, in a nutshell, it has one of the best narrative we've seen these days.Always Sometimes Monsters is one of those independent, cult-classic-to-be, games that fans of narrative storytelling should really give a chance."
76561198060473997,Not Recommended,274310,13926148,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Chisaleya,"Overall I enjoyed this game. The story was pretty cool. It got pretty repeative at times but it was ok.One thing I was disappointed into was the ending. I got the ""good end"" and it felt like it shouldve continued more further on. Ending didn't give me that satisfied feeling that I was looking for, we we're kinda left hanging.So the game was ok and I enjoyed it somewhat but the ending was a turn off."
76561198079217752,Recommended,274310,32843293,Posted: 26 June,all,Michael Scarn,"I'm so impressed with this game! I loved similiar games like To The Moon and A Bird Story, this game however has a little more grit to it. The storyline is addicting with so many possibilities to decide upon. Dramatic yet everyone can relate. Definitely a game worthy of a replay. In addition, the soundtrack is amazing! Pick it up while it's on sale!"
76561198108950242,Recommended,274310,24435450,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Cosmo_Kat,"You get to be a pathetic underachiever with a dead end carreer, a somewhat frivoulous sexuallity and a desparatly sad love live, working♥♥♥♥♥♥job so that you can try to put your life back together.Hey i get to be me... 10 outta 10"
76561198050102918,Not Recommended,274310,33057151,Posted: 30 June,all,evilxcandy,"No spoilers: I didn't really like it. I was expecting more conversations with the ex that you're trying to win back, but I got more boring job gameplay. You spend most of the time doing jobs trying to make money and the love of your life isn't in it at much. Ultimately didn't feel like choices mattered, but maybe they did and I just didn't notice? I would have preferred more interactions with the love of your life than working. Although if you're looking for a game where you're super poor and doing boring jobs while having feels with npcs, it might be your thing."
,Recommended,274310,32191325,Posted: 4 June,all,AZ,Not a feel good game.BUT you will feel. This is one of the most immersive story based games I've ever played. This is a game that seriously makes you think about what you're doing and how you're affecting the people around you. I was probably a more conscientious citizen of the world in Always Sometimes Monsters than I am in real life.The game kept me on my toes the whole time; plot was anything from predictable. The thing that kept me engaged through the whole game was the uncertainty of how my choices were going to pan out for me in the future.Solid story heavy game for a good handful of hours of gameplay. Definitely worth the $10.
,Recommended,274310,25250988,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Sparrow,"Great narration, this game constantly challenges your morality by offering non-linear quests and objectives. Almost every quest can be completed with more than one ways. Loved the story. If you like adventure games with great story then knock yourself out. this one's great."
,Not Recommended,274310,10221796,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,bonesy~,"Always Sometimes Monsters is an interesting game that promises to deal with the darker themes of life through the ability of choice, and its consequences and rewards. However, the game falls short.First of all the graphics, surprisingly not a problem. I'm not a huge RPGMaker fan, but the game does what it can to make the graphics good within RPGMaker's limitations. While this may be a problem for some, it really doesn't interfere with the game.The music for the game is very well made, but when it loops the audio can sometimes cut out for a few seconds which is a bit annoying. After listening to the same few loops it can get a bit annoying, but generally it's very good.Now for the main part of the game, the gameplay (really the writing). A game like this isn't bought for gameplay, which just consists of running between buildings and people and talking, choosing dialogue options, finding items, etc. The writing is where this game falls short. It's promise to deal with serious topics falls short because of the game's absolutely horrible approach to dealing with serious topics. At certain times, I can't tell if it's poking fun at the topic or seriously trying to be dark. The amount of obvious tongue-in-cheek references to other video games and video game review sites also go overboard after they start to interfere with actual writing, such as the scene in the theatre, which seems to be an obvious cash-in.From the short while I played, I really wanted to like the game, but the writing was not very good. It was goofy in too many ways, and this ruined what otherwise would have been a very good game. Maybe it'll be better if I play more, but from what I've seen I wouldn't recommend it to anyone interested in this genre of game."
,Recommended,274310,10200151,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Humperdinck,"The Hobo wanted me to listen to him so i shot him in the face and ended the game,10/10 would shoot again...."
76561198052080317,Not Recommended,274310,10226533,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,WilltheFo,"I REALLY enjoyed this game despite a few gripes... until the end, and no this isn't a complaint about the ending itself being potentially sad.*Spoilers*After having been a paragon of virtue for the entire game, making as few bad choices as the game would allow me, stealing nothing, helping everyone, working honestly, I reached the part where my journal was read back to me. I thought, oh cool, this guy will see that I have been super nice for the last month. Nope. He started reading out crimes and sins that I hadn't even commited.""You gave a kid an allergic reaction and didn't help him!"" ... ""No I didn't"".""You did this!"" ... ""Nope!"".""AND YOU DID THIS!"" ... ""NO I DIDN'T!"".The one thing I did do is blackmail a man to save a life, because I didn't see a bag of drugs on the floor. Those drugs were not easy enough to see for me to feel bad when I was held accountable for those actions 7 hours later. AND I did NOT write about the whole situation in my diary. Yet the man still read it from there? Is this some magic diary? Designed to send you to prison for crimes you didn't commit by just inventing them?So no, I would not recommend this game after finding out that literally every choice is forgotten by the end of the game, at which point it yelled at me for the choices I did NOT actually make anyway. Might as well just yell at myself in the mirror for NOT stealing from the elderly instead."
,Not Recommended,274310,13681531,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Venetia,"Oof. I played this to the end, just because I bought it.It's obvious that two dudes with too much time on their hands, and too high of an opinion of themselves, decided to open up RPG Maker one day, rope in some folks to do all their art/music, and release a turd.The beginning has some nice ideas, but in the end, the game is just thoroughly unenjoyable. It's not fun.If you like poorly-thought-out minigames, grinding chores over and over, save scumming when you bankrupt yourself just to get a slightly un-♥♥♥♥♥♥ ending, and writing on par with a seventh-grader's English assignment, then you'll enjoy this game.Don't waste your money."
,Recommended,274310,23267946,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Ness1228,"I put this game off for months after buying it on sale. One night (particularly, the night I'm writing this review), I decided to play it from start to finish in one sitting.And it ruined me as a person.Many interactive story-driven adventure games draw emotions out of me, and in those games it feels like each decision I make affects the story.In Always Sometimes Monsters, the story constantly forces its way into the darkest parts of my consciousness, tears it to shreds, picks out the parts it wants, then obliterates what's left as it makes me question life itself.I've never come across a game that pushes one's moralsfarbeyond their breaking point, a game whose story is so decision-based on whatyou- the player - believes in, a story so immersive is an absolute must-have."
,Recommended,274310,22708559,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Meteoloques,"Dude, this story is amazing. No wonder they won a writing prize.I'm a fan of RPG and pixel art games so the art for me was totally nice.In the start it felt like pixel GTA because I had no idea what I was doing, but then I got in the story and woah.Such great story.I just finished it and I'm probably playing it again in the future. Because I was told there's multiple endings."
76561197975155351,Not Recommended,274310,10208201,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Rexia,"At first this game seemed interesting and compelling, then as I got further in no plot line or development seemed to go anywhere at all.  Towns quickly become empty of anything beyond a few repetitive job center tasks and the whole thing quickly becomes a repetitive, choiceless snore-fest.Next game, put some content in please?"
,Not Recommended,274310,23932435,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Vaylon,"Always Sometimes Monsters is a game that I thought at the beginning had a lot of potential given its promise of morally complex situations. However, after watching someone else's playthrough and playing my own, I realized that the game is far more linear than it lets on, playing out more like a visual novel with a superfluous stamina mechanic.You play a person who, a year after a break-up, is still despondent and decides to travel across country -- through whatever means possible -- in order to chase their ex. The love interest you're pursuing is selfish, shallow, fickle, and absolutely unhealthy for you. Like other reviewers, for all this game's hooting about choices, I was disappointed and annoyed that there was no option to be an adult and simply move on from my ex.The drama of decision making is supposed to come in what you're willing to do in order to get the money to travel from place to place, but near the end of the game,there's a casino which lets you win large amounts of money. I won $10,000 and was able to pay off Sam's gambling debt with no problems, thus making the entire struggle for money throughout the game seem rather pointless.The Dubstown segment is probably the game's strongest part, and the narrative becomes progressively weaker and less interesting afterwards. Story-based games live or die on the strength of their writing, and Always Sometimes Monsters is no exception. There were sparks of interest here and there, and it was certainly an ambitious concept, but for the most part, the writing is just not to the level it should have been for the ideas it was wrestling with. The author insertions were ridiculous and off-putting. I can't recommend this game."
,Recommended,274310,22641155,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,ミントSupreme,"I'd say that the style here is an acquired taste. I kind of hated it to begin with, the way things are done in the beginning seems so backwards. And I'm talking about the prologue and means of character selection, which is kind of counterintuitive. The game itself has a couple of really obnoxious plugs and references to a culture that really doesn't resonate with me. But once you get it going and start fishing, the game becomes more like an interactive novel with some genuine surprises. You can't please everyone, and you'll only meet your downfall for trying. With that said, there's also a lot more than you might think. I don't really like the ending of this game, but the middle was pretty darn satisfying. There's probably a whole lot that I missed out on, but I will give it another look at a later time. Finishing the game can burn you out quite a bit. Not sure I'd pay full price (got it for 99 cent) for it, and I'm not so invested that I would pay full price for the upcoming sequel, either. But if this title is on sale, you're getting well more than the value for your money."
76561198272660456,Recommended,274310,34431195,Posted: 22 August,all,HawwahIsEve,played this when i was going through a breakup and answered the way that i would if me (irl) was put into that situation. Gave me another view on why we didnt work out; 8/10 would reccomend.
,Not Recommended,274310,17707455,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Lyndinias,"Am I enjoying the game? Not really. Am I going to play it to completion? Absolutely.I really wish they would change the name of the game to ""Always Sometimes Monotonous"". There are points in the game, if you don't make absolutely every single perfect choice (and maybe even if you do), where you will be stuck doing mindless minigame work to make ends meet, or to earn enough money to make it to the next town (which will render you pretty much broke, causing you to do the exact same thing once you get there).Maybe it's some sort of insight into the lives of those who pinch pennies just to get by, who chase after their dreams and end up facedown in the dirt. That seems like what it's trying to be. But it just isn't doing it for me. Maybe I'll finish the game and decide it was all entirely worth it, but for now, this is how I feel. I'm on a roller coaster that loops and twists between great gameplay and story development, a game that's obviously trying too hard, and punching numbers into a real-life calculator to figure out exactly how much profit I can squeeze out of an adorable pig corpse....Is that one... irradiated? What the hell is going on here."
,Not Recommended,274310,17568718,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Kobold Kommando,"Nice idea but the game is flawed and a misfire that corkscrews off target. Varied music sound track and a deliberate attempt in SNES era rpg graphics are a nice touch. But after that I run out of good things to say.Although it tries to focus on plot and caring about the characters in game this is totally detracted from greatly by the presence of overly smug programmers who appears in game and they are so not needed. They do nothing to advance the game or plot and it just feels pretensious, premature self-praise.The game is about choices but to be honest it is overly limited and locks you out fast if you go the wrong way. Prime example is the Jack story, you can not get information about him if you take the newspaper job despite being able to walk into his ad agency office but are unable to ask more information about him despite being able to ask other people questions before this crises, instead you must work for the ad agency to get this information. This sort of binary limiting of choices is in too many games and detracts from the game experience a lot and is a good example of terrible writing.Nice try but no cigar. Not the worst game ever but definetly flawed in major ways that detract from what could have been great. Only buy in the sale, totally not worth full price.  The overly smug attitude and inclusion of the coders was too much for me to stomach, the game itself isn't that worthy of massive praise by any means."
76561197975359487,Not Recommended,274310,10263712,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Savage,"Always Sometimes Monsters is a game that I just couldn't get into. Which is unusual for me since I'm a gamer with a lot of patience and wouldn't have bought this if I thought otherwise.Sadly from the very start I felt the game suffered from bad writing and plot pacing. The writing is simplistic in nature and will probably satisfy less picky gamers, but the game sells itself as a somewhat serious take on life followed up by mature content. However it's as if the game is trying to take itself serious at times but the writing seems to take on a different form altogether.The moral choices in the story are on the edge of black and white, and we know it's never that simple. There are also various character connections that just don't make any sense or is sufficiently explained. I can't go into detail without this turning into a spoiler review, but it feels like cheap tie-ins are made to your character in order to make you feel like your previous decisions carried weight.There is also no real connection to the characters. At times it's as if the game wants you to feel 'connected' to a certain character in the story, a character that should mean something to you. Someone important. However, due to hardly any depth given to any character background, you're left with the mindset of just not caring. Why should I care for character A, B or C if the game doesn't bother to build up a relationship? Snippets of dialogue between characters isn't enough for a game like this and it's something that the devs/writers really missed out on.The game makes the mistake of jumping you into the shoes of a random person and building their 'life' without actually filling in all the gaps. This leaves a gaping void that just hurts the overall game.If the writing and general plot pacing along with improvements to the gameplay such as the rather annoying repetitive money earnings had been much better, I'd probably be playing this a lot more and pumping more time into it.Sadly the game is a bust and I can't recommend this."
76561198002986817,Recommended,274310,23676009,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Phantom Virus,"Honestly, I wasn't as impressed as I thought it would be. I thought it was going to be a thought rendering story filled with twists and turns but it didn't live up to that. It was only a few dollars for an rpg maker esc kind of game. In the end it just wasn't worth it. I still played it through and it was a decent enough game for a few bucks. Still, the ending was far to obvious as was the story itself. To many times I was just grinding to do something to make money and I don't think being evil or good really mattered at all. I don't think the decisions made the main character monsterous at all. Still, other people enjoy it and think the ending was gut renching. Me, I thought the ending was too predictable. It is, what it is and I'll always be a fan of Devolver, but I just wasn't that crazy about this."
,Not Recommended,274310,29401517,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,"Grindy, and tries to pound in the message that you are in a miserable situation and can only make bad / selfish choices even though there are clearly better options. Eventually makes you hate every character it presents, especially the main."
,Not Recommended,274310,25248247,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Evaheist,"I'm a narrative freak. I love my video game stories and I really dig a game that goes beyond the norms of gameplay to tell a potent story. ASM does tell a good story but in a form that is just a drag to experience.It takes somewhere around 10 hours to grind through the story, picking up monotonous jobs along the way which consist of boring ""work"" instead of doing anything worthwhile to move the story along in a game engine that is super limited with a super clunky UI and menu systems. Low resolution creates a huge black border around the game (even when it's set to fullscreen mode) and I feel like I'm playing some kind of a GBA ROM of a bad game.The RPG aspects are boring and underdone and don't really matter. You just need to grind for money so you can eat and sleep in your own apartment. This may be a design choice because I truly felt like a bored zombie trying to get through some days as soon as possible and get to the next. But as gameplay, this is just grueling and boring. Especially when it's presented in such a rudimentary way (both aesthetically and experiencially) that doesn't give you any incentive to keep playing unless you're really interested to see the story to its end.To be honest, the story does go to some very amusing places but it's just too much work to see it to the end. This could have been a 2-3 hour game with MUCH better pacing and I would have fallen in love with it, however ASM is just about stretching an idea too damn thin for my tastes."
,Recommended,274310,18718213,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Actual Skeleton,"This game is honestly, something extremely different from pretty much any other game I've ever played.And it broke me.There were so many decisions that I felt really bad about so I had to go back and fix those choices.Very few games have ever hit me this hard.I'd recommend it to everyone I know with the disclaimer that it may tear out their souls."
,Recommended,274310,33123820,Posted: 2 July,all,Chizu~,"A story rich game.Sad, fun, and full of plot twists.Worth every penny i've spent.Disclaimer : If you're just got separated with someone you love. Don't play this game :p"
,Recommended,274310,22688480,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,shirlsie,"Favourite game on Steam. Fantastic storyline, so many routes to take, been playing it over and over since October and still finding new things"
,Recommended,274310,28731794,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Sutalffa,"Definitely one of my favorite games on Steam, especially given the cheap price point, especially when on sale.  Before I explain though, note that the game is more of a Choose Your Own Adventure instead of a Roleplaying Game.  There is no combat other than a boxing part with a highly customized combat scheme that's nothing close to traditional turn-based combat mechanics.ASM is ultimately a game about choice and consequences in the pursuit of love, and how your character is defined by one's choices.  That said, this isn't a story about the good guy winning in the end.  It's a lesson in pragmatism and compromise.  Playing a pure idealist will cause your character to suffer greatly, and there's really no way to escape it.My only wish for this game is that it became an MMO.  If thousands of players had to play it simultaneously while making difficult choices, the game mechanics could be applied to their greatest potential.  This should be a prototype for a much greater project."
,Recommended,274310,22571306,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,zero-drogues,"Wow, this game really beats you down. Your character's situation starts out already depressing, then you go through many ups and downs throughout the story, but mostly on a downward trajectory in my case lol. In the end of my game,I lost everything, including my ex, and ended up worse off than I was at the beginning (then killed myself lmao).That being said, however, I loved this game. The themes really resonated with me and it's very creative and unique."
76561197999260141,Not Recommended,274310,10238531,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,McZarklesby,"Great first third of the game-- clever, interesting, multi-faceted. This is the part most people seem to be reviewing.Middle third was a mini-game slogfest. The boxing, oh, the boxing.Final third just became depressing and, depending on how you'd played thus far, thematically nonsensical.I wish I had just read the reviews and enjoyed the IDEA of the game rather than actually have the experience of it.That said, I eagerly look forward to future games from these people!"
,Not Recommended,274310,17577502,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Tired Cliche,"I love story rich games. I wanted to like this. And I'll play anything if it has a good script. Telltale Games is my favorite games company. I actually have buttons for this game that I got at PAX on my wall.I finally got around to buying and playing it, and it's just awkward and clunky, script-wise. Everyone's hanging on tenterhooks. Regular conversations turn into people telling each other to go ♥♥♥♥ themselves and then going back as if nothing happened. People don't act like people, it's like a first timer's novel that's unedited. There are meme and Bob the Builder references. There are two meta-references where the game devs show up in the first 30 minutes. I finally turned it off and am returning it after reading the line ""More babes will show up so I can share my secret sauce with them!"" from a bouncer. Maybe it's because I just came from the excellently written biopic Straight Outta Compton, but this is weak.The writing in this game would be fine if there were interesting gameplay or world, but it's about the writing, and the visuals and music seem like ""default RPGMaker."" Read a book instead."
,Not Recommended,274310,10280914,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Lagomorphic,"Always Sometimes NonsenseThis is game about making choices and seeing how the consequences shape the story. There are a few dreadful mini-games tossed in here and there but at its core this is a narrative game, a digital choose your own adventure that sells itself on the quality of the story and it's ability to be shaped the choices you make.Unfortunately the writing is awful. The dialog is flat, the characters are a collection of unmemorable types with no depth or originality to be found. The choices offered are contrived almost always breaking down into do a bad thing for money or give up money to be a good person. The effect on the story is negligible until its time to decide which ending you get. Do to many bad things and you are judged to be selfish don't do enough and you'll be forced to play bad mini-games for money. The final act is particularly disappointing as it is largely driven by the bad choices of others forcing you into yet another contrived choice.Tonally this game is a mess. It purports to deal with heavy social issues but the writing is too outlandish to be taken serious and the characters are too flat to make an impact. This is a deeply silly game in which you will occasionally be called a terrible slur because the creators think that this is important social commentary. It's a game that has no idea how stupid it is. The whole story is framed with a ridiculously overwrought frame narrative where the protagonist retells the games events to armed criminals in between monologues about choice that waver between ludicrous and pretentious.This is a game that forgoes gameplay in favour of a story that is awful, choices which are contrived and shallow, and thinks it is making important statements when really it’s just using some naughty words and being stupid. It’s a complete waste of time."
,Not Recommended,274310,10224711,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Dyrielle,"This game showed so much promise and potential when I first started it, but like most of the negative reviews already written about it, it's very linear. I was hoping for twists in the plotline or thought-provoking points and that's what kept me playing it and eventually finishing it, but there was none, leaving me very disappointed at the end. The storyline was very mundane, a typical love story. I didn't feel any connection or desire to get my ex-partner back at all because I barely got to know them.Another thing I really didn't like was the game developers inserting themselves into the story. I get that it was supposed to be a tongue-in-cheek sort of way, but it just came across as egotistical to me. I also noticed multiple typos in the dialogues and programming errors (wrong portrayal of the character for the dialogue), and it just didn't feel like a polished product."
,Recommended,274310,23812193,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,igloos_r_green,Try play this one without any spoilers and make up your own mind about the characters. Everyone experiences things a little differently. Great game. Would eat stale nachos again.
76561198085274247,Recommended,274310,32902606,Posted: 27 June,all,catsalaad,"A nice break from killing things. Thoughtful, rich and deep story. Definately worth a play through."
,Recommended,274310,32959853,Posted: 28 June,all,DerTebbers,"I didn't think I would like this game, but after ""To The Moon"" this seemed to fit the same genre and I thought why not. After playing through I can't recommend the game enough. The slice of desperate life and the yearning of the protagonist really makes the game shine. Much like ""To The Moon"" the graphics look RPG Maker-esce, but for me that means the story had to carry the game and it did. I'd highly recommend adding Always Sometimes Monsters to your library."
,Recommended,274310,27773194,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Rin,"This game is one of my alltime favorites, it makes me cry even to this date and I cant believe it is getting a loose form of a sequel... Cant wait for the next one... If you want a good story about modern problems poverty, and love. This is the game for you, it may move slowly at first but it is indeed worth a full playthough!"
76561198182087570,Not Recommended,274310,29257622,Posted: 14 January,all,frankwlux,"I wish I could recommed this game, but I can't. At least, I would not recommend it to a friend. The game lookes promising at the beginning, but then it can become repetitive and not too clear about what you are supposed to do (or rather, your goal is clear, what is difficult to understand is why you don't go for it and instead waste time doing other things - I am not giving more details to avoid spoilers)."
,Not Recommended,274310,13511801,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Aurumlamina,"I was excited to play this game when I first saw it appear on the Steam store.  It looked like it was going to be a thought-provoking, deep experience where people would be able to compare the different choices that they had made and the outcomes that resulted from them.  I was wrong.Though on a first playthrough it is easy to believe that the choices that you are making change the story, a second playthrough (or even a bit of research) quickly prove otherwise.  At best your choices make a minor difference that lasts about as long as the next scene.  At worst, there is literally no difference at all.  Once you discover that the choices in the game don't matter all that much, your second realization is that the story is rather bland as well.  I'll avoid discussing the ending for the sake of those who are reading this review but still wish to give the game a chance but I definitely suggest not getting your hopes up.As far as the story goes, there were several parts that entertained me and (while still having the belief that choices affected the narrative in a major way) seemed promising.  On the opposite side of that, there was plenty in the game that drained the fun out of it.  The vast majority of the jobs in the game were an absolutely terrible grind.  This makes it so that earning money is less of side quest and more of 'you know, I think I'm going to skip eating today' moment.  Call that realism if you'd like, though I prefer to enjoy myself the entire time that I'm playing a game.Overall, the game was okay up until the discovery of an extremely linear storyline and downright bad after it.  It had potential to be a great game if the developers had put a little more heart into it."
,Recommended,274310,11069781,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,bobert awful (F+),"I'm amazed this came out of RPG Maker.I'm amazed that this game basically is The Adventures of Commander ♥♥♥♥up on Planet Anguish-Fueled Poverty. It even allows you to choose what race, gender, and sexual preference you want to be, adding little hints of flavor text that color the world around your character. I didn't notice this because I played a short-haired white male and therefore WHITE MALE PRIVILEGE MAKES THE BITTER MEDICINE EASIER TO SWALLOW, TRA LA LA LA LAIt does that thing where it turns the little mini-games that should be easter eggs and makes them a part of the game. Some of these are justified (and can even be fun), some really should have been flushed down the toilet. So you have to play Frogger in order to not ♥♥♥♥ up at a mission. Then you have to learn this confusing boxing mini-game in order to finish an objective on the straight and narrow. I hated these parts. Luckily, you can (mostly) skip these by being an unlikeable ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Can I love the storytelling some more? ♥♥♥♥ yes, I'm going to.It's one of those games you have to play for the storytelling. The game is centered around emotional bonds and relationships and how easily you can make or break them. My playthrough took me down a horrid little path where I used a character's secret plushie porn as blackmail, ended up fixing a boxing match in the most horrid way possible, and journeyed my way to San Verano, burning bridges and narrowly avoiding one emotional, traumatic bullet only to get hit with another. On top of that, there's loads and loads of opportunities for the writing to shine here, and they are not wasted. It's the game where you can be a horrid ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ through actions and dialogue alone, like in real life! Like I did! Like I am doing right now!So if you're looking for a reason to hate yourself over a video game, make it because of something you've experienced in Always Sometimes Monsters. Don't do it because you're bad at Dota or Halo or whatever trivial ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t is the flavor of the month, do it because you accidentally took a family's lost dog and sold it to some awful dog trainers. Like I did."
76561198118697312,Recommended,274310,14204060,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,My dudes,"Starts game chooses shoot option. Game ends after literally 48 seconds.""10/10 Longer campaign than cod."""
76561198165850068,Recommended,274310,31874799,Posted: 20 May,all,Bone King,"This is one of the most single beautiful games I have ever played. The range of choices and cleverly placed humor makes this game almost perfect.I had bought this game on sale, thinking it wouldn't be all too great, but after playing, it turned out the be a great buy!10/10"
76561198141932387,Recommended,274310,17924609,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,wil-o-wispo,"The greatest thing about this game is that there isn't an illusion of choice, as most choice games seem to revere. It questions the player's morality, it was easy to make the wrong decision, thereby encouraging a higher replay value. However, that brings me to the pacing of the game. For one thing, I spent SEVERAL HOURS working in a tofu factory making tofu products for extra cash and then gambling for another hour just to make a little more; makes me hesitate on picking up the game again...unless of course I can find an easier way to make money. The story makes up for it for the most part and while grinding is technically realistic, it felt a little too strenuous.Secondly, there are quite a few points in the game where you, as a player, feel very isolated and the game seems to be going nowhere - but I'd say that's pretty typical for an RPG-maker style game. This would happen if you miss a certain point in the game such as miss a job opportunity or skip the bus to get to the next town. It seems as though you can almost just stay in your home town and let the wedding go and while that says 'CHOICE', it also says boring.One weird side quest in the second town over (or the third; I can't remember) that I'd like to mention, has a fishing kid who asks you to fetch some lake crab. This felt incredibly 'RPG' and far-fetched from reality and to top it off, his sprite turns into a black kid after you finish it. I didn't know if this was just a joke but I laughed with a questioning look on my face. You gained almost no benefit from it besides gaining more fishing spots to get free food.Something I really adored about the game is the choosing your character and partner mechanic. I didn't get it at first but when I did, I was very pleased. It was unexpected and surprising but very clever.In regards to the story, it was interesting, dark, romantic, intense, sad, silly. It makes you think, it rewards you, it beats you up and kills your insides. No matter what, in the end, you'll feel like a bad person, regardless of the 'good decisions' you make. You're selfish and subtly (or not so subtly) mean and rude but in my opinion, that's realistic. The cameo of the developers, Jake and Justin, was a bit of a weird meta stretch but their conversations were pretty entertaining so it wasn't all that bad. However, it did seem a bit over confident.I'd recommend this definitely, especially if you're into a choose your own adventure visual novel-like game. If you're into the Louis CK 'local man's life gets progressively worse' theme, this is the game for you. And despite the little small weird details to the game, I can't wait until the sequel, Sometimes Always Monsters, which I got to play the demo at PAX'15 and got super excited with Justin over it."
76561198016839744,Recommended,274310,11103660,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,^1Joey ^2Wheeler,I tried to steal money from Game Developer but then i died10/10 Will play it again sometime
76561198045105436,Not Recommended,274310,17607277,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,JackaL,Unfortunate that a game with such a promising synopsis could turn out to be so uninteresting.
,Recommended,274310,28323143,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Vidservent,Choose your character's sprite from a bunch to go through the story any kind of pairing is possible. Play as a writer that's hit bottom and can do any kind of job available just to get by and get money to get back the love or your life or fail trying.Free to roam around and steal anything when possible. Many branching choices that might have an effect later on. I had to fight a dog in a boxing match on my first playthrough due to my actions in the past.I only wish that SwagFest was real D:
,Recommended,274310,14049516,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Catto,masturbated 7 times in a row in the shower while my girlfriend took a nap in the next room. 10/10
,Recommended,274310,22864668,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Harley,"Your career is slipping through your fingers, you can't afford to pay your rent, and the person you once thought would love you forever has walked out of your life. When things go so wrong so fast, it's human nature to obsess over what you could have done differently. Story-heavy RPG Always Sometimes Monsters asks what we can do instead, and specifically what choices we will make when we try to set things right.Your character's goal arrives in the post on the second day of the main story: an invitation to the wedding of their now ex-partner, in one month's time. To make it there, you'll walk from place to place, visiting and talking to dozens of different characters via some basic top-down RPG interaction and managing a simple inventory of things like the food you'll need to keep up your stamina.You'll have to balance the need for enough money or favours to get across the country with the time it takes to earn them, and face the consequences of that balancing act along the way. The day before the invitation arrives acts as a neat demonstration of that process: your landlord threatens to make you homeless unless you can bring him $500 in overdue rent by the end of the day, which you'll discover is only manageable if you do things like steal from your trusting elderly neighbour or pick people's pockets during a shift as a cloakroom attendant.Later on, you'll be able to opt for low-pay but legal manual labour, which Vagabond Dogs has made deliberately slow and tedious for the player to ensure it's about as tempting as it is in real life. But most choices in the game are less obvious. Consequences are unpredictable in this world and aim to reflect real life situations to some degree, where chatting to colleagues at your temp job about the guy you've replaced might be enough to stop him from shooting himself.Sometimes these options lack the choice that tally with your instincts or sense of logic, however. Always Sometimes Monsters cannot help but fall prey to this – you can't just phone a friend for help on that first day – but also uses it to its advantage in flashbacks that prevent progress until you make the choice your character has technically already made. You can't change the past, is the obvious point being made here, but it is dramatically effective. The flashbacks also play a crucial role in making the protagonist relatable.The chance that you'll relate to your character is also increased by the additional choice of their gender, race, and sexuality. In a clever prologue scene set at a party, you choose from a range of potential protagonists via a publisher choosing which writer to sign, and while their backstories are the same the reactions of other characters will differ. Play as a black lesbian, and you might experience a doctor accusing you of playing the race card, a 'friend' ascribing your apparent lack of fashion sense to your sexuality, and plenty of everyday sexism. “I still expect a hard day's work from you,” says the warehouse foreman, “Even if you are a woman!”The low-res RPG Maker aesthetic might seem at odds with the often stark subject matter, but the limitations of the tool help rather than hinder the game. Limited by little more than the amount of words the writer could produce and the player's imagination, Always Sometimes Monsters is able to tackle everything from homophobia to drug abuse to suicide with credibility. The focus is on the writing, sometimes overly dramatic but always engaging, and on the many branching paths down which your decisions can take you.It's refreshing to see this kind of real-life subject matter explored in a choice-based game, and presented in a way that's competitive with the best written of those types of stories. Always Sometimes Monsters' vision of the real world can be painful to experience at times, but only in a way that demonstrates the level of craft in developing this strong tale about modern life.The Verdict80100Always Sometimes MonstersA convincing examination of player choice set in an all-too-realistic modern world."
,Not Recommended,274310,18139641,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Leroy Peterson,"Distractingly poorly written and shallow. Two dimensional characters and plenty of cliches. Gameplay is a slog. The concequences are there, but I just didnt want to finish the game. It often feels like cheap manipulation."
76561198045255782,Recommended,274310,10215866,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Moppit,One of the better rpg's I have play in a long time. Your given options through out the game whether they are right or wrong depending on how desperate in situation you get into. Would love to go into more details but they would be consider spoilers have to play this yourself. You won't be disappointed
76561197970728484,Not Recommended,274310,11697845,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Solitaire,"The story is decent.The graphics are ""RPG-Maker.""  (some love, some don't)Music is good.It's a hard game to rate, it's well put together, and obviously made with a lot of love by it's dev's.Map's are a decent size, characters are well planned and there are some very clever twists/decisions along the way.Choices and morality are part of the game, and they seem to matter.That being said,.... it's boring.... I couldn't bring myself to finish.My score 7.5/10  for being a good idea with a ton of character.Would I recommend it?   At the $5.00 price point, sure. I'd pay that to support the dev's. At $10.00 I'd pass."
76561198089315601,Recommended,274310,10198281,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,hudomonkey,"Always sometimes Monsters is a game about being morally corrupt and evil to get through the game easier.From the offset you are set with the task of travelling across the country to go to your Exe's wedding to attempt to win her back and to this you need to raise large amounts of money for bus trips, make friends with people who can help you out and maybe rig an election and get some people killed on the way...It is a pretty entertaining game with a lot of content, my first playthrough lasted 6 hours which may be abnormally long so I wouldn't trust that as the average play time but the game spans 30 in game days which each have 3 sections for which you can perform actions such as working and talking with acquaintances making big decisions along the way.Overall it was a satisfying experience and seems to have a reasonable amount of re-playability if you are the kind of person who wants to see everything the game has to offer if not one playthrough is probably enough to justify its price depending on whether or not you attempt to rush it or take it at a slower pace."
,Not Recommended,274310,23681263,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Lush Life,"I put my hope high at first. that I would experienced a rich story game and had me lots of moral lesson, like butterfly-effect-movie-feel, where it doesnt matter what you choose there're times you become a monster. But instead:-the game is over if you pick wrong choices.-ridiculous story,spy, a boxing dog, mafia, fast and furious, fishing kid, packing weeds, etc.-empty towns.-walk too much.-pointless fatigue n' food variant. I only bought barnstormer the entire game. no drink. no smoke.-boring. I left the game open sleeping alot.-tedious money grinding.-I moved 100 boxes in the warehouse.-I moved 100 boxes in the warehouse!-why?! IDK noone told me to stop! or told me I've done a great job moving all those boxes and you can stop if you want!-do you know how it feels? try it and I bet you would tumbdown this game also.-some of h-games was more entertaining than this game.-try huniepop if you dont believe me or everlasting love, a free gem.-you need to patch it first tho to unlock the h-content.-last, I don't even think all bad decisions made the main character any monsterous at all.I dont want to be harsh, but tbh the game is basically just a collection of bad mini games with bad story. sorry.recommendation : buy the game while on sale."
76561197997599089,Not Recommended,274310,25296371,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Jonathan B,"I really wanted to like this game, because I like encouraging indie game developers and new game genres.  This was a great idea for a game that kind of went awry. It's a pure story role-playing game, where as a character you mainly make choices, have experiences and move the story forward. This part was great! However, the following dragged down the game:- Unsympathetic characters (a.k.a. losers) that were hard to like, especially the main character- Dialog that tried really hard to be deep, but wasn't- I hate it when writers write about writers (the main character is a writer). This is lazy writing. Writers really need to get out there into the world and experience things, so that when they ""write about what they know"" they actually have something interesting to say- Did I mention that the main character was a loser? We deliberately lost the game because we thought the main character was such a doorknob that they didn't deserve the love interest.- Mini games that were uninteresting and repetitive, but that you were often forced to endure- A theme of ""you only get true love once!"" UGH- I could never get the game to go fullscreen, and it was impossible to remap the controls to something less awkwardSo, it was a game with a lot of potential, but it didn't live up to that potential. I look forward to seeing other games delve into this pure story RPG genre and succeed where Always Sometimes Monsters failed."
,Recommended,274310,12336477,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,DJ Elliott Rodger,"Few games manage to tell such a breathtaking story with such admirable minimalism as Always Sometimes Monsters does. What’s even greater is you are in control of the story, and how the game will pan out. For me, calling this a game is an understatement of what it really is. Always Sometimes Monsters is a declaration about life, about how our choices are all we really have, and about how those choices, no matter how small, can reorient our life in ways that we can never predict. In life there is regrets, happiness, anger, wishfulness and countless other human feelings. Always Sometimes Monsters shows that while experiencing these feelings is inevitable, you will never be able to travel back and reshape your life with different choices, so you have to make the best of what you have and never sink into regret with the decisions you’ve made in life, or you will never be able to move forward in the unique journey that is your life. 10/10"
76561198043396498,Recommended,274310,10204547,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Slow Rick,"This game made me feel so many things..Lust,Love,Trust,Betrayal,Hope,Dispair,Sorrow,Fury,Depression,Happiness...The list go's on.. But I guess what the game really did teach me, was how to let go...I guess there will, Always Sometimes be Monsters... and they aren't under your bed, or hiding in your closet.They're in the mirror..."
,Not Recommended,274310,11783635,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Suzuka,"After completing this game in its entirety, I can't bring myself to recommend it, yet I feel compelled to share my thoughts.Beware, minor spoilers may follow.If you had asked me when I was 2 hours into my playthrough, I would have given Always Sometimes Monsters a thumbs up, but my perspective on the game changed as I neared its conclusion. It did not take long for me to realize this game is certainly out of the ordinary, perhaps purposely deviant from the typical RPG, and it is very mature, story-rich, and at times, a brilliantly written work. I certainly think a lot of thought was put into the story itself and the consequences your character's decisions have on others.Basically, the plot involves a struggling writer who lost the love of his/her life and has a month to make it to their wedding.As such, after you get thrown out of your apartment in the very beginning, you are given a city to explore, with the goal of rounding up enough money  to get your key back and eventually buy a bus ticket to the next city. Making the money is a day-by-day process which can sometimes seem like a chore depending on how you go about doing it. I found myself going to the employment center in town to spend the day working at a tofu factory making countless soy burgers for a mediocre salary. I later found a job as a reporter, where I was faced with the decision to accept a bribe to write a fake story. It wasn't too uninteresting, if you keep in mind your final goal, but it might not appeal to someone who is looking for the story to move at a faster pace.The biggest letdown for me was the fact that despite the numerous decisions you'll end up making during the course of the game, it seems that in the end, the options for endings are rather limited. The ending I got was not at all fulfilling for my character. The moments leading up to the ending sequences left me guessing, but I suppose I was left wanting something different.Unfortunately, some of the dialog options I was given did not really fit with what I would have personally said. I tried to be the nice guy throughout the game, yet at times this was impossible as there was a lack of ""good"" options for certain situations, making you feel like the bad guy no matter what.I appreciate Vagabond Dog's efforts here in many respects. They have produced a realistic choice-based game where one can easily relate to the character they chose to portray, and tells a lot life and people's struggles. I just wish the final product was crafted better.6/10"
,Recommended,274310,21193693,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,doing the obvious,"I only recommend this for it's story, which is somewhat meandering but still interesting; as a game, I would not recommend this. Mostly because it is too rigid about what you have to do to get the best ending possible and far too much of it is padded out by tedium and random chance.Sprite work is charming and the music is decent, but if the same team makes another game similar, could you add a volume control, please?"
,Recommended,274310,20829168,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Objection!,Really loved the the different choices you can make throughout the game. Some choices can affect the ending while others   change scenes and dialogue. I thought it was funny at times. I recommend this if you like choices/consequences games.
,Recommended,274310,24766772,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,tanner-brasher,"As a gamer for over 20 years, i can honestly say this is one of the best games ive ever played.Pros.A nice realistic storyMultiple ways to tell your storySome pretty fun games within the game (Coldline Toronto)The character selection at the beginning is extremely awesome and uniqueThe never ending epilogue is a nice touchConsYou must pursue your ex, and although you can flirt with others, you cant romance any other charactersIt's really hard to tell whether or not you're going to win back your ex in the end.No way of telling what choices actually effect the endgame.Hopefully all of the few problems i had will be corrected with Sometimes Always Monsters. This is definitely a game worth playing."
76561198041636869,Recommended,274310,25667536,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Brother Alpha,"Always Sometimes Monsters is a RPG of sorts. You don’t fight monsters and level up. You instead make choices and these choices affect your story. It is a very interesting story with lots of decisions to make, with a couple of flaws. There are some parts that are really tedious. (Making tofu and boxing to make money are the two worst examples.) Also, there is more of an illusion of choice in some cases. That said, it is worth playing through more than once, so it is worth $10 to pick up."
76561198244387248,Recommended,274310,22041920,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Kina-chan,"I absolutely love this game.  It's definitely one of the best games I've played in quite a while.  The premise is intriguing, the execution spot-on, and the story just phenomenal.  The game was crafted beautifully.  There are so many little things to explore and choices to be made.  This is definitely a game I wouldn't mind revisiting.  Which is a good thing, because I didn't get the good ending during my first playthrough.  I will keep trying until I get it, and I'll probably keep playing even after.  I really do love this game that much.I highly recommend this game to anyone who is interested in games where your decisions made a big impact on the story."
,Recommended,274310,14554082,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Mierrr,"This game is what happens after Ness grows up, and his life spirals out-of-control into seven year herion binge. You give up turn-based strategy in favor of choose your own destiny, and it works. You basicly set off on this morbidly funny adventure to right the wrongs in your life...to what sounds like, but isn't, the soundtrack of Drive.Always Sometimes Monsters is freshing to me. I grew up during the NES/SNES days and some of my favorite titles looked just like this. Earthbound being one of them. I've found that as I get older..I crave a game like what I used to enjoy as a kid, but something newer, different, more adult. Always Sometimes Monsters quenched that thirst for me. I hope there will be more like it, but this game is a gem regardlesss."
,Not Recommended,274310,29449312,Posted: 23 January,all,thelazyred,"I am not sure if it were me, but I couldn't get the point of this game.From its preview on steam, it seemed like a very promising title. Though, once I started playing, I got bored after a few hours. Probably it's just not my kind of game and I hope that my disappointment comes from the fact that I stopped playing too soon."
,Not Recommended,274310,29406297,Posted: 21 January,all,Jezebel❤️Sabe,"Uhh, well then. Another one for the neutral list. Foremost issue being the full screen mode. It was working till I accidentally hit a key while eating and now it doesn't work. At all. There is a work around, but often feels weird still seeing it in windowed mode after having it in fullscreen. If I can all this an issue, no noticeable directive or even maybe a little information on controls. Even though it may be common knowledge for most, it's often taken advantage of.If I can sum this game up in a single phrase: ""that was unexpected."" It has mature themes. With one particular incident sticking out in mind.If you go to the ""apartment"" of the girl who wanted the happy pills, you end up walking into a scene similar to what you may find at a hostel. And you unlock the ability to stay in the apartment (on the seemingly clean couch.)I wouldn't call the story bad, but I wouldn't call it good either. As I said, I'm neutral towards it. More picking negatively for the technical issues. It's not something I would replay. It's a good once over, but due to choices, can be replayed for different outcomes. Also, if you like sandwiches, there may be a character you could get fond of. Didn't really get attached to anyone. Story seems rather shallow. Like why would Iwant to stop my ex's wedding and try getting back together?Many things raise questions, but I wouldn't doubt many have realistically tried any of it.I bought this out of curiosity during a sale. You may like it or you may not. I caution however, that if you have family around, it may get awkward."
76561198025310339,Not Recommended,274310,14168957,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Blarhgx,"A really interesting concept and first couple of hours, but really falls apart after the first town. I'm all for understanding cheap indie-games for not having funding, but there are a few PAINFUL sections in this game that just demonstrate a complete misunderstanding of both games and story-telling... Far from worth the price tag, and that's sad because I was really intrigued by the initial premise."
,Recommended,274310,32862875,Posted: 27 June,all,Zeroclimax,I fully enjoyed this product. Can be a little slow in some places. The story however is fantastic with a real sense of choices matter at certain points. 10/10 would get cucked again
76561198177291425,Not Recommended,274310,31204688,Posted: 17 April,all,skyjoos,"Always Sometimes Monsters was a game I picked up about 3 years ago during a July sale and I regret everything. This game could've been amazing but fell very flat for me. So let's get into the review.Pros:-Soundtrack is decent-Very nice art-Lovable, funny characters-Good sense of humor-Morality based chocies-You can name your character 'Titts McGee' or something equally as inmature and none of the characters seem to careCons:-'Moral' choices are not actually choices-ONE ending. ONE FREAKING ENDING-Lazy story telling towards the end-Characters do things out of character and ultimatley ruin everything-Goes for the predictable ending when it could've been something so much better-'Twist' MY♥♥♥♥♥SPOILERS REVIEW:The friend character Sam (girl or boy depending on which gender character you pick) ruins the whole game. They were a lovable character until the last hour. It's completely out of character for them to be a gambler and then OF COURSE they have to be the guy whose telling the whole story. And then they get shot by the gansters? It literally makes no sense and makes me want to break a kitten's neck. Sam and your character STILL COULD'VE BEEN FRIENDS BUT NOPE. SHTTY STORYTELING.Overall: 5/10 for the art and side characters for stealing the show."
76561198009291175,Not Recommended,274310,20475418,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Frogspawned,"I was sure I wrote a negative review for this game once before - soon after I completed the game, in fact. But it seems to have vanished into the ether.This is a game about choice that does not respect your choices.This is a game with a message that comes off as forced and juvenile.I do not recommend this game. From what I still remember, while it does touch on some serious life issues this game does not have any great depth - and every issue you are presented with seems to boil down into a reductionist binary, to say nothing of the pretentious way they are presented."
,Recommended,274310,10201468,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,hsmoke,"For me, a video game is something that I use to escape a stressful day, to get away from the high demands of life and work. With Always Sometimes Monsters I was hoping to jump into a surreal world full of death danger and decay. But it delivered an experience much like life, and rather than give it a surreal outlook it showed me how surreal it really is.Always Sometimes Monsters sends you on the road trip from hell. Broke, depressed and just about to give up hope you must travel from place to place to reach the other end of the country to stop the love of your life from tying the knot with someone else. Whilst this sounds like a pretty easy task, it isn't. And sadly, it wasn't one I enjoyed as much as I had hoped to.I know that this game is centred around choice, and on my first play though I came across a lot of hard decisions and I gather than everyone's experience will be different. But to be honest, I never found any of them to affect me or the characters in the game on an emotional level, up until the final hour so of the game. Everything I did just seemed to brush off, until you get a summary of everything you have done near the finale. Choice is something I long for in a game, but I feel as if Always Sometimes Monsters made these choices abrupt and I never really had much time to work up to them.Whilst I do gather that I have gotten a different version of the story from everyone else, I never really found anything allthatcontroversial for video game standards. I was hoping with something with a little more depth, rather than just giving me a harsh re-telling of reality. I was forced to work, make friends, loose friends just like everyday life. I found the first half of the game very tedious. Moving from place to place, scrounging for scraps, living off others and just being an all round disaster of a person is not something I long for in a video game. Choices really didn't start to get serious until the latter half of the game. My version of the ending really disappointed me. It completely destroyed the atmosphere of the game, so I will be hunting around to try and change it somehow.Always Sometimes Monsters does have its good side, mind you. I don't know what living a broken life is like, but I really feel Vagabond Dog pulled it off. The atmosphere was amazing, I did really feel I was living a life rather than just watching someone’s life. I did really feel like if I didn't pay that rent, I would ruin my life even more, and I really did get motivated to stop the wedding. As well as feeling great, it also looked and sounded great. Lovely artwork, and a great sound track to supplement it. Great work.All in all, whilst it had its downs, Always Sometimes Monsters is something that I think can be enjoyed by anyone, and the multiple scenarios make it something I shall visit often. I followed this game for months, watching every video, reading every story. My hopes were very high. And whilst it was something I did have a good time with it, I wanted to love it.+ Multiple choices that will effect the outcome of certain events, highly replayable.+ Great art direction and soundtrack.+ Created an immersive life simulation, and the struggles that comes with it.- Some of the game felt like a chore- Slow paced first half. Took me a while to get into- Some choices in my play through were brushed off too easily, i.e.I killed a man with four children and seemed to show no remorse7.5/10"
76561198011178686,Not Recommended,274310,19356711,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Delacroix,"This game is entirely story-driven; as such, it is entirely dependent on the quality of its writing.The writing is bad."
,Recommended,274310,21683628,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Mr. Hugh Mannity,"Well, didn't expect this much fun when I bought this.The idea of this game is good - to induce self-reflection, analysing your own actions and choices and try to get you to think about yourself as a person. I think in this, it succeeds somewhat. But the execution leaves something to be desired. I think there are a few times in the game where it tries to go 'philosophical' on you, but it feels forced and therefore not particularly intelligent. And, although I've only played through once, it seems like a lot of the stuff you do doesn't really matter in the end. Though to some degree, one could say that the fact that it makes you think about the choices you made is worthy of praise. It's not bad for a first attempt. There are mistakes littered throughout the world, but for me that was part of its charm. There's a certain feeling of sincerity that can only be achieved by a small team writing about life.It's certainly a game that deserves attention. The concept is great and the story compelling. It's pretty cheap and I would say worth the asking price for the amount of enjoyment it brings. However the execution is wanting. Therefore. not everyone will like it. Some typical gamers will flat out hate it. But if you’re not typical, and if story matters to you more than twitch reflex, then by all means buy this game."
,Recommended,274310,32535492,Posted: 18 June,all,RiikkaSofia,Amaizing story and fun unique gameplay.
,Recommended,274310,32973270,Posted: 28 June,all,bonzoWhale,"Time progression inflicts a strange sense of urgency and despair as you cope with your (character's) life spinning out of control. The ending doesn't completely deliver, but the journey is surprisingly memorable."
76561198087835273,Recommended,274310,30211890,Posted: 26 February,all,Mason lx4,"I was surprised at how much I actually enjoyed this game. I was only expecting to get a couple of hours out of it, but I ended up getting about 8 hours of game time with it. It's not for everyone, but it's still very good. :)"
,Recommended,274310,25493006,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Protocol Cringe.Exe 🔊,"Always Sometimes Monsters is a very simplistic looking game, it looks really easy and like it wouldn't be that great a game but honestly, it's an extremely fun and complex game, I've now finished the entire story of this game and I loved every second of it, from balancing the amount of money needed and also food and energy to making sure I get to the wedding on time to reminiscing about the past, this game is beautifully written and has some beautiful little easter eggs like the companies own building which will have you crying with laughter, there's also a very beautifully done story in this game and it's just done brilliantly, it really makes you think about what you need and makes you aware of the limitations you have while also having incredibly interesting mechanics (especially the character selection). This game has you breaking friendships and partnerships and occasionally brutally murdering people with consequences and it's beautifully well done. I highly recommend this to anyone."
,Recommended,274310,22915452,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Qoteq,"This game made me question the worth of my efforts.If you like painbut don't have enough cash for any of the Dark Souls games, then you'll love this game."
,Recommended,274310,30234170,Posted: 27 February,all,Pandacat150,"Where to start?This game is a very.. unique one. I want to say it was ""cute"", but honestly, it wasn't all fun and happy. (It's style is very cute and neat 2D though!) It can get very boring and tedious at certain points in the story, but was overall entertaining. It's not your typical, get in the game, git muny, git rich- kind of game. You are relatively poor throughout it, and through hard work and choices you make you can go up or down. The choices are very important in this game and can affect the outcome of the entire game. So pick what you believe would be the best, I suppose. (-: It took me a couple play throughs to get a good ending but really was worth it in the end. The only cons to this that I faced were the tediousness of your tasks, the choices, etc. A main con would have been how I felt like I was just flying through the story with no handles on everything. I felt like I wasn't doing the story right, but there was no ""right"" way to go through the story. (that was point of it wasn't it?)It was very engaging, fun, and lasted me 15 hours of trying to figure out where the hell and what the hell to do. I throughly enjoyed it though. q:-)"
,Recommended,274310,22779650,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Keltop,Beautiful game designAmazing storyOne of my favorite games of 2015If you like RPGMaker games then you'll love this one. Not a lot of complex gameplay but you really get attached to the characters and the story itself.Can't wat for Part 2.
,Recommended,274310,31453949,Posted: 29 April,all,loldemort,"I thought this game was impressive! I enjoyed its humor, though I do think the writing became a little too obvious and hand-holdy at times, sometimes abruptly breaking the flow of dialogue to brow-beat the player with its philosophical messages about fate, decisions, determinism, and responsibility. Despite that, I was engaged and interested the whole time and was surprised by the variety of gameplay as well as the interactivity of the world. A lot of work was put into this! I enjoyed the experience a lot.The only thing I might gripe about is that pretty much every character (except Mark and the love interest) acted like a complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to my character, and the MC themselves also reacts in melodramatic ways more often than not. A little more control over their personality and responses would have been nice. But other than that, I enjoyed this game.(PSA: I probably wouldn't have enjoyed it nearly so much if I hadn't started using a guide halfway through...)"
76561198000365424,Recommended,274310,34144803,Posted: 10 August,all,Rensin Redjaw,"Interesting as hell lil' game about trying to go all ""The Graduate"" at your ex's wedding.Don't screw it up.  You'll have lots of chances to screw it up.Well written, and fun.  Can't wait for the sequel!"
,Recommended,274310,22865626,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,mud,"On my first playthrough i got the good ending and i honestly gotta say... storywise? This game is amazing i wont talk about gameplay since... you know it's an RPG Maker game, but just in terms of story it comes close to ""To the Moon"".Especially now that it's on sale for 1,99€ if you got some money leftover in your Steamaccount get it."
,Recommended,274310,22876169,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Karma,"An amazing story driven game, your choices really don't matter at the end, except for the last few. It does make you realize how you went about it may or may not have been...ethical.Though I was very let down in the end, realizing that everything led up to really two choices, and those choices affected your ending.The journey was great though, sometimes felt tidious, but overall a good experience and worth checking out.EDIT: Most of the negative reviews state ""Why should I care about my ex?"" Well I put my name and the name of my actual girlfriend and it made it a lot more personal. I felt like I was actually fighting for someone I care about, and it really drove the game forward for me.Second Edit: I should add this game felt so unique and different from every other game it left me with what I like to call the ""Stanley Parable Effect"". Basically some games make you look at every other game in your library and say to yourself ""Well crap, this game just doesn't stand up, nothing is going to give me that feeling of the said games I just finished"" Just a heads up, that feeling wears off (Thank God) and eventually you will move on and find another gemstone of a game that makes you feel like this industry is still worth fighting for."
76561198301293059,Recommended,274310,22891300,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,xd,"Probably one of the best indie games I have ever played. Really makes you think how decisions you make in life that make the day ""easier"" come back to haunt you, and the more work you put into something, the more you get out. I feel like the game taught many valuable life lessons, and even made me think about some choices I have been making recently. A very beautiful game with an amazing soundtack, storyline, and development crew. I will forever believe this game is one of the few that actually made me rethink my life choices, and video games usually lack the ability to do such a thing.Always Sometimes Monsters is definitely worth a playthrough."
,Recommended,274310,25262707,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,IssacFunny,"I liked this game, even though I probably got a really bad ending or whatever. Indie games have this capacity of explore things, in this case humans, it's quite interesting I didn't though i liked it as much as I did.I felt the story was realistic, you could see people living this kind of things and that was nice. Narrative was nice, gameplay was easy, but I guess it's okay for the type of game it is."
,Not Recommended,274310,13923851,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Raponion,"This game was initially very fun, but it left me feeling disappointed and unsatisfied no matter which ending I got. I love choice games but without giving anything away I will say I was sort of annoyed to find there were no endings that were even remotely happy... Now I don't want or need sunshine or rainbows and this game definitely didn't need the ~happily ever after~ but every ending is just downright depressing. And all over a love interest. I sort of expected it to be either a story of winning back your love or getting over a love. I would have particularly loved the second option, myself. But the way that your character's happiness clearly hinges on another person and whether or not they love them just leaves me uncomfortable, to be honest. The gameplay itself isn't bad and it's an interesting concept. It's just poorly executed and very unsatisfying. I really wanted to like this game, but it just wasn't my cup of tea."
76561198095748234,Not Recommended,274310,13966271,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,RandomzJake,"A lot of this game was ♥♥♥♥♥♥ writing with the promise of a fantastic story where your choices actually matter. Truth is the only choices that actually do matter are the ones you make at the casino and wedding at the end of the game. The game seemed to force the idea that good choices aren’t always easy by making the good choices set you back, making you doing hours about hours of grinding to get any farther, while most of the bad choices help you complete the game faster. Those bad choices don’t even really matter at the end as the choices that actually do matter are the ones you make at the casino and wedding. Along with some poor dialogue the “great story” was heavily weighed down. Sometimes I wanted to make choices that were totally reasonable and logical but I was forced into situations I wouldn’t choose.Potential SpoilersPoor writing caused this game to suffer, like how Sam and Rose got together even though she was totally weirded out by him, to the point where she wanted me to tell him to stop because it was bothering her but somehow they end up together, I don't understand. I don't think any ending is really the good ending, someone always ends up in that alley. I don't think really any of these characters would ever be happy in this story, Rose was so broken with losing Sam that I can’t help but think she was always broken and would be still in every ending no matter if they showed it or not.OverallThis game had great promise but ruined it by focusing on quantity and trying to enforce an unrealistic moral code."
,Recommended,274310,11415661,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,heychrisfox,"(This is just a snippet.Watch the whole review by clicking here.)Always Sometimes Monsters is definitely not a game that has disappointing moral choices, as it most certainly lives up to every expectation I leveled at it, and performs more than admirably in it's execution. And what a treat it is that the moral choices in Always Sometimes Monsters are so complex, because this gem which can be seen as inaccessible at times and obtuse at others, tells a story that is a standout title in video games as a whole, one that confronts the player with mature subject manner that is almost never discussed in games, the exact stuff that anyone who loves video games has been begging to see for years.Always Sometimes Monsters is complex, potentially one of the most layered and intricate games I've ever played. It was even explained in an interview with the devs I was privy to that the average player will see less than 50% of the game. Rarely is a game so ambitious to try to explore such a complex story in a complex way that is actually meaningful, and you would be a fool to not see how uniquely Always Sometimes Monsters accomplishes this goal."
,Recommended,274310,31476003,Posted: 30 April,all,TrueMegaManFan,"The title of this game is very misleading. It's actually a great RPG, with a solid story. However, if you expect traditional turn based combat? You'll be sorely disappointed. Go into it with an open mind and you'll discover an excellent game with charming humor... although... it also has some repetitiveness. No monsters in the title at all, really."
,Recommended,274310,14172121,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Manuel048,"Great game, tons of choices, really gives you the feeling of struggling in the ""real"" world."
,Recommended,274310,14396173,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,RepoGirl2039,"I love this game! I played through a friend's copy before I was able to purchase it myself, and was hooked. I think I played non-stop beginning to end in one session. Playing through again is almost as fun as the first time, since you can have different choices and outcomes. Wonderful game that makes you think deep  about your decisions in real life as well as the game. This is definately going to be a classic."
,Recommended,274310,22659627,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,2Phenix9,"Well literally jsut finished playing this one, gotta say  the storyline is amazing, the choices you make really do define how the game ends (won't give away any spoilers) but I will say be careful what you choose and what you do it will all come round near the end with one particular conversation.The soundtrack is completetly beautiful. really suits the games, the scenes, sets the atmosphere really well.Didn't really mind the whole complete dialouge after dialouge after dialouge becasue for me it helpeed set what was happening in that particular part of the story.really enjoyed the fact you have to work your butt off in each city to progress onto the next. money wasnt ""easy"" to make but it wasnt hard either.all in all as others have said, minus the ending which was a REALLY big let down, i do highly recommend this game, for $0.99 you can't complain much."
,Not Recommended,274310,17182780,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,BALLIN' OFF GOVERNMENT CHECKS,"I can tell that a lot of thought went in to making this game, but that doesn't mean that it's good. It's just okay. I wasn't compelled enough to finish through the entire thing. I made it to boxing gym and gave up at that point. I didn't care enough to write down the counter-attacks/etc.. and follow through on the boxing matches. There was really nothing in the game that made me to move forward.The artificial pauses in this game are infuriating. If you do another title like this, please have less of them."
,Recommended,274310,11114149,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Bit Bandit ツ,"Always Sometimes Monsters to me is a very interesting game to talk about for me, the game’s narrative is an emotional trip, testing your morals and filled with many choices like an RPG, which ultimately shape the outcome of the game.Always Sometimes Monsters is an indie story rich game, where narrative is the main focus of the game, the game was developed by Vagabond Dog and published by Devolver Digital.At the start of Always Sometimes Monsters, you choose what character to play as in a party hosted by a man named Larry. How people act towards you will depend on your character’s characteristics, for example choosing a gay person will have some people call you a “♥♥♥♥♥♥”, choosing a black character may have some people call you a “Deadbeat” and so on. After you choose your character you then choose your partner; your love interest. After this you write your name and give a toast to the success of a book your character is writing. Then a year passes and you are single and living in an apartment which is a mess while your rent is overdue, not only that your book is put on hold due to lack of time. You then receive an invitation to the wedding of your partner who is marrying someone else, which is due in 30 days; because of this your character gets angry and makes it his/her goal to get to the wedding and attempt to get his/her love back for your character.Because of this plot setup, your character and you are put in a state of desperation, and because of this, the game gives you countless choices in many situations such as acquiring money so you can successfully reach the location of your love one’s wedding, while at the same time testing your morals. For example, in the starting town you get a job as a guy who hangs up the coats for people entering a night club, when no one is watching you can look inside the pockets of the coats and steal anything you can find.At the beginning of each day you have a limited amount of time to perform tasks, such as acquire money or help a friend out with an issue. If you choose to help out friends or ignore them, this can dramatically change the storyline of the game, the wedding is always a top priority, however the means to getting there can be changed. Here is an example which is a minor spoiler but please ignore if you want an entirely enjoyable experience, or you plan on picking the game up.Later in the game during in the first town, you meet a man who is suicidal, if you cheer him up he promises you to take you to the next city to get closer to the wedding in his friend’s car. After this your friend wants you to black mail a doctor who is providing many medical expenses to a woman who may die as a result. One of the blackmailing ways is smashing up the doctor’s car, do this and you save the woman’s life, however the car you smashed was the one the suicidal man was going to use to take you to the next city, because of this you need to find another way to get to the next cityThere are many more situations like these present in the game, and the countless choices and consequences really stands this game out as unique.If I had an issue with the story, it would be the pacing, because you need money, you need to work jobs and most of these jobs are extremely dull and go on for too long, this could've been intensional, however it isn't fun when you have to do it again especially on repeat playthroughs. If I were to recommend something, it would be playing this game in short bursts instead of long sessions.Nothing much to say in the visual department, the 16 bit style is charming and the character drawing present when you talk with somebody is a nice touch.The music is great however, the beginning menu theme is excellent, most of the music suits the location and situation, and deserves attention because of it, the music is by far one of the best assets of the entire game.If you get bored talking to people and feel like taking a break from the story, there are a few arcade games you can play, which are a neat distraction but nothing I would play a lot.Always Sometimes Monsters is by far one of the most unique narrative games of the year; it manages to make the player feel desperate in his/her situation, and makes you question your moral code. It’s a look at how you will deal with situations under desperation and pressure, and because of this combined with the story, Vagabond Dog deserves praise.Always Sometimes Monsters is an emotional trip that is defiantly worth playing through, and should not be missed.9.0/10"
76561198172133177,Recommended,274310,13891244,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Yvune,"Always I aim for the best ending, and I ended getting the worst in the first playthrough lol. Thanks to my trusty friend Standby422216 (my other gamer buddy) for joining me for this ride by my side <3. Here's my thoughts and review of the game, along with my expirience. No spoilers, promise.So I played it through once, choosing answers and choices that I would normally choose, and then played it again following a guide to get the best of both worlds. I definitely recommend you doing the same. It's how I got a full experience. :)Not having any strategy guide (or any guide in particular) was difficult at first, especially with how oblivious I am as a person, so you could only imganine how many wrong turns I took going at it. LOL. Anyway, given how it's supposed to be a realistic ""pick and choose/your choice determine the outcome"" type of game, not having a guide would actually make sense, seeing as how life itself doesn't come with a guide.Back to the game, however, I give it a 9/10. The storyline is absolutely amazing and delivers a better show of how reality can be tough while still adding a little flavor of that romantic fantasy like feel. I've always been a sucker for ""choose the outcome"" type of games, so I was really happy when I found this gem. (Many thanks to Cryaotic on YouTube for introducing me!) Also another reason is how the game made me feel very touched to each of the characters. Each character (that mattered) was very well rounded and I appreciated every one of them. Another reason was how the game had me at the edge of my seat with every choice I made. It reminds the player that once you make a choice, you can't go back. (Of course, you can here, because hey, save files, but that doesn't really work irl does it?) The game kept me involved and coming back for more each time. I played it twice to get the full feel, and I seldom play games twice this quickly.Now as for the downside or the 9, I have to say that some parts of the game were extremely tedious and unnecessarily long, such as working to farm money. I mean, sure, working irl can be tedious and boring, but it feels a bit draggy in a videogame. Also, I wouldn't have minded perhaps a more juicy/romantic scene as a reward for getting the best ending (because it's a tad difficult to accomplish) but hey, again, I'm a weird gal and that's just my opinion.Once again, 9/10. Great game overall. Thanks for the memories, Vagabond Dog!"
,Recommended,274310,10900920,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,space viking,I still feel really bad about selling the dog.
76561198119692289,Recommended,274310,17938654,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,kissyface,"This is one of the best games I have ever had the pleasure of immersing myself in.I dont think I even have words to describe the in depth emotion I felt while playing this game. The fact that I couldnt put it down for more then a few moments speaks volumes as my attention is getting harder and harder to keep these days (yes, I am old).Although on a second play through I must say it is a touch more guided then I would have thought at first but still has a ton of options to carve your own path. All in all I would suggest this to everyone and anyone I happen to meet that likes video games"
76561198000030333,Recommended,274310,10231538,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Karpov,I'll never forget how thoses hogs looked at me... never...
,Recommended,274310,33447295,Posted: 10 July,all,mercy pog,i bought one hundred sandwiches at a convenience store and then ate 20 of them in 3 seconds in front of the guy who owns the store and walked out
76561198109329636,Not Recommended,274310,17343245,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,thebuttertoad,"First of all this my opinion. I didn’t like this game because it was boring, repetitive, and the ending was terrible. The story was not interesting and ultimately lead to an unsatisfactory ending. The dialogue was terrible as well, along with the choices involved in the dialogue. Choices barely mattered. I can’t even describe the gameplay. This game had little effort put into it.  I strongly would advise not spend your money or time on this game even if the game was free. I love story based games, but this game was neither story nor game. Please save your money and time. This game is not beyond terrible."
,Not Recommended,274310,23814499,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,The Mighty Beast,"I got interested in playing this game after I read the summary.  ""Set out on a cross-country journey to win back the love of your life and endure the hardship of making story-defining choices that affect your life and the lives of those around you.""It sounded like it would be an epic adventure with an amazing story.But then I actually played the game and it was a total waste of 11 hours.I kept on pushing through this game and hoping the story become more engaging, but it was a constant snorefest. The plot is very predictable and filled with meaningless choices that have no reel impact towards the plot or its ending. The different endings are all practically the same but with minor tweaks.Its gameplay isnt any better. It constantly feels very slow and tedious, even for a product of an RPGmaker."
76561198031555641,Recommended,274310,10326587,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Corporate_Investher,"The game I've always wanted to play, it just didn't exist yet. Looking forward to more from Vagabond Dog!Entirely worth the 9.99$, if only for the crack smokin mayor of Beaton."
,Not Recommended,274310,23605511,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,spacefree,"Story was quite boring and didn´t really provide much variety.Wasn´t interessted in the Ex-Story. First choise in the game was to shoot the unknown person.Should have stayed there. Seems like if you don´try to get your ex back, you will always get a bad ending.Was a ""Im adult and can continue my life without my ex"" too much for an ending ?"
,Not Recommended,274310,14709905,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Dasher,"I thought I would enjoy this game initially starting it. I'm a sucker for 'romance' and 'starting-at-rock-bottom' plots in RPGs.After playing a few hours it just didn't hold up. Most of the things my character was tasked to do were meaningless in driving the story forward and felt redundant. Due to all the filler content the game had my character doing, I ended up not caring enough about the main plot to even finish the game.In the time I spent playing Always Somtimes Monsters, I didn't see anything groundbreaking with morality or decision making, and the game wasn't all that 'edgy' as it claims.I don't recommend this game."
,Recommended,274310,10551912,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,TwiceIn2Minutes,"Traveled across the country just to get turned down, then killed. 10/10"
,Recommended,274310,11766533,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Vaughn Demont,"Industry jokes, easter eggs, glitchy content, typos galore, sections with artificial difficuty, and a lot of scenes that drift into preachiness, sometimes literally, Almost Sometimes Monsters is, well, an indie game. Leaning on retro graphics from the SNES era, ASM relies primarily on its story to get you hooked, opening with a choice that'll either end the game as soon as it began, or drop you into a tutorial-free experience (as, the creators tell you in game, Life has no tutorials) to choose your protagonist from an array of partygoers and then pick their significant other, suffer an off-camera (for the moment) break-up, and set you on a quest to break up a wedding and try to win them back.ASM touts the power of choice in the game, with some conversations literally meaning life or death, while others are borderline-transparent attempts at character development. The freedom to be LGBT is definitely one of its selling points, normalizing LGBT relationships by showing they're just as fraught with difficulty, though racism plays an element as well, as picking a Latino or African-American character will definitely get you a different gaming experience than a white male. All of the phobic comments are casually made, with the player given no option to refute or call people out on them, likely to simulate the day-to-day casual comments that are made that minorites are forced to suffer through to make their way in society.But for myself, the career scenes hit pretty close to home. While I'm not qualified to speak on the experience anything other than a white male playing this game, I can definitely attest that the concerns and insecurities of being a writer, and how they affect relationships will cause some players to feel as if they're watching a scene from their lives play out on the small screen.   Reading the text of my in-game boyfriend dumping me because he was tired of seeing our relationship written on the page, well, a LOT of writers, particularly creative non-fiction writers, know all too well the inspiration and danger of mining their relationships for material.It was these scenes that carried me through the tougher sections, and by tougher, I mean artificially tougher. Some missions will be enormously aggravating and send players running to the forums to shatter immersion because they can't figure out the most convoluted vent system in North America, or because they find themselves losing precious days to a wedged in fighting game that will find some players shouting at their screens, ""CAN'T I JUST *BUY* THE STUPID TIRES!?!"" Sections in the 4th act will require save-scumming to make any reasonable progress, and the angstier scenes that bookend the story will sometimes find your cursor lingering over ""Shoot"" longer than it probably should.So, it's not a masterpiece, not quite a diamond in the rough, more a cubic zirconia in the gravel, but there are still scenes that will drive you to the next, questions to the story that will make you want to find the answers, and conflict jarring just enough to make you ignore the cheesiness. Going back through to try different choices is always an option for replayability, but personally, I found it a one-and-done.Still, as Marla Singer said, ""It's cheaper than a movie and there's free coffee."""
,Recommended,274310,13362219,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Evervescent,"Liked: The art, soundtrack and story are brilliant.Dislike: Can't think of one at the moment."
,Recommended,274310,29933610,Posted: 14 February,all,SnowyDrift,"Much better than expected, especially from cheap indie games. A few possible variation runs, not too bad. It's actually fun if you like these old type rpgs."
,Recommended,274310,13951526,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Deep_Thought -AO-,"Admittedly I do not normally play games like this, but I was intrigued by the premis and it was cheap so I decided to give it a try.   I've only done one complete playthrough and may play through again to see another ending and outcome determined by the choices I make.  Especially knowing the impact of certain decisionsI was able to ascertain where exactly the story was headed early on, but it did not disuade me from continuing to play it out in hopes from some surprises along the way.  Not to say that the writing was contrite or anything but given the medium and the probable limitations on time and the software as well as budget to fleshout the story any further and making it any more intricate just doesn't seem feasable although I would like to see something similar with some of the same mechanics but on a much broader and potentially open ended scale someday.  Given that it is still a lot better than the usual fair that we find in games these days and the narritive does give you a bit of pause as to what really you your self would evne do when placed in a similar position as the protaganist.Always Sometimes monsters is a peculiar break from the typical fair and it's presentation is decent despite some of the tedium that I would like to see altered, primarily the balance involving food/stamina (do I really need to eat 100 sandwiches  at $6 each to gain full stamina? - slight exaggeration ) and I'm sure many others have gone over some of the other tedium in the game that makes it less fun like the well mentioned warehouse scene with the boxes, and other things that just seem like a grind or busy work to artificially extend the length of the game.  It adds no value to the story or otherwise.Regardless it is worth at least one play through I would say, and is a nice take on things with decent potential if you are looking for a decent story game and the journey to go along with it."
,Recommended,274310,12170099,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,bulletforsummer,"Love-hate relationship with this game. There are so many ways to play. Even after several playthroughs there are unexplored paths left; just when I think I've seen every option, something new happens. You can play plenty of times without getting bored and the player's adventure always gets me thinking- the main character has a pretty common backstory: they're a struggling artist. That could've just been it, and in real life that's pretty much as far as it goes, but instead they end up on an adventure. It feels realistic in the sense that anybody playing COULD do something like that, but they won't, but as they play they can't help but wonder ""What if I did, though?""The gameplay itself is great; equal parts lighthearted and serious, compelling, many ways to play, and overall good enough to overlook what I'm about to say, but I'm still saying it: The story doesn't make sense. The devs put so much time into character development early on and then just throw it away for the sake of moving things along towards the end. The characters do things that go totally against their development for the sake of setting up a twist ending. The thing about twist endings is that it's supposed to be shocking at first, but then the player thinks about it and has a eureka moment where they realize all of the subtle little hints and nagging things throughout the game that now make sense. It's supposed to ultimately make sense once it sinks in, and this one doesn't.Despite that, it's an enjoyable game and I'm happy to own it."
,Recommended,274310,13511878,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,hard in hightown,"While not for everyone, if you're into games that are less about escaping into a fantasy world and more about the hellish real world...then you'll definitely enjoy this game. It did get a little too dramatic for my tastes (especially near the end and a few points during the election that happens mid-game), but it's just an overall really unique experience (and I personally LOVE the soundtrack).Also, the character selection is really clever and subtle, as well as the selection as to who your romantic partner is/was. There are a ton of choices of characters of different sexes and races, and you candecide what sexuality your character is. I played as a lesbian and there were some rude comments directed at me from other characters, which sort of made the experience feel a little more personal and real.Overall, this game is just a joy...well, I suppose ""depressing"" is a better word to use...but it's a good experience and is now among my favorite games."
76561198025438037,Recommended,274310,13475025,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,El chapucero,very nice and original game.
76561198098699935,Recommended,274310,14011371,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,RaisAsari,"Whether or not I can truly reccomend this game is a tough call to make. While I have a lot of fun with this game, partly due to playing with a friend and making fun of it, and also because the game itself is fun enough on its own as well as the choices you make gives an experience different enough to add some replayability.In short: the game has many interesting concepts (such as having a pessimistic view of the world, interesting choices that branch off into fairly surprising events) and carries a lot of potential, it does not live up to all it promises to be, sporting a predictable story (with some redeeming factors), sub-par writing and boring mini-games.Of course this game has quite a lot of problems. First off I should mention that the mini-games or side activities, whether they be arcade mini-games or jobs your character does, are incredibly boring. I understand jobs being boring is related to how part-time jobs in real life are boring, but in a game that level of tedium should not extend for too long, which this game does. Also mini-games should be better designed.Another issue this game suffers from is, with most games that follow the concept of having a diverse storyline that changes depending on your choices, is the illusion of choice. You have all these choices with all these different outcomes introducing you to all these different characters. But the characters are boring, stale and two-dimensional, and in the grand scheme of things it does not matter as the events are overall the same with minor alterations, and though the changes are significant enough to add some replayability, when I replay I find myself skipping most of the dialogue due how little is changed, despite choosing a different main character and love interest.This game is not all bad though, the game itself is not boring as I can play it for hours without falling asleep, and some of its concepts are fairly interesting. One thing that should be noted about this game is that almost everyone in this world are not pleasant people, and you as the protagonist will have to choose things that bring your morality into question and being on the side of angels does not guarantee the best ending, something I can respect as that was always an issue with most choice-based games.However the story itself is fairly bland and its themes are very not subtly thrown at your face. Often the script presents itself as some philosophical, thought-provoking or ""deep"", but instead it sounds more like it is just running around in circles spewing out words that feel as shallow as the characters saying them. It tries to be clever, but all it does is repeat messages found in a B-rated hollywood film. While these messages are not inherently bad, some are true enough in our modern society that it should be addressed, the delivery could be better."
76561198078290498,Recommended,274310,13667285,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,allypantss,I rather enjoy the story based nature and multiple choices and playthrus.
,Recommended,274310,11762812,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Hankuro,"This game is ADDICTING! Buy this game, don't watch 'Let's Play' video or anything like that, it'll spoil the game. If you like a good story and a story that revolves around your decision making within the game then you will like this.Support Indie developers and buy this game, you won't regret it."
,Not Recommended,274310,10898852,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,fantomexmas,"I want to like Always Sometimes Monsters. I really do. The idea of a game about just trying to get by, about morality without it being tied to some sort of meter or measurement, and it being entirely about how low or far you're willing to go to get what you want is really appealing to me. It's not just a departure from most games, it's a refreshing set of ideas, too. But where it falls apart for me is the writing, particularly the attempts at humor. It almost always comes off as unnatural and rarely succeeds in its aim of actually being funny, which takes me out of the game every time."
,Recommended,274310,14006107,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Zaijin,"It starts out as a very interesting game, but as I played through it; the writing wasn't there anymore. It felt like the story could've went either way in the middle and towards the end. I knew what the creators were aiming for, but how they presented it after the credits was done poorly. The creators also leave you able to roam the house in the very end but with no more activities and people to talk to. TLDR: Good at the beginning, pretty bad towards the end."
76561198079979744,Recommended,274310,17811491,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,sebastian.ludes,"Great Game!!!I did everything completely  my way, made lots of cash and I've got the best ending!I don't know what everyone is whining about? You don't need a guide, just put some honest work and heart into it!It had very rare parts, where I didn't knew where to go or what to choose, but that's what life is about I guess?Overall it was a great experience!I'm happy there's gonna be a sequel, even if I'm not sure if this idea is made for a sequel?But the game is awesome for what it is, get it for a few bucks!!!"
,Recommended,274310,16866886,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,xGamergirlx,A unique experience that will take you on a rollercoater of emotions.
,Recommended,274310,31876693,Posted: 21 May,all,Mr. Wolf,"Great Little Game, some similar things between this and a little RPG Called Stick RPG but I love this game"
76561198018498180,Recommended,274310,11581169,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Creed,"To start off, ""Always Sometimes Monsters"" is not an uplifting game. From the very start, the morality system enforces the idea that good actions are often only rewarded by inner peace, and evil actions are often never punished. If you're careful, most people will never find out that you're a bad person at all. ""Always Sometimes Monsters"" will make you question your choices. Not just the choices of your character, who is enduring one of the most insane road-trips across the fictional United States anyone has ever had, but the choices of you, the player, in your REAL life. It isn't a game, it's an experience, and one I reccomend everyone has at some point.If there is any worry you should have, it would be that the price-point is a little bit higher for the amount of gameplay. I finished the game, taking my time, in 6 hours, which is alright for the 10USD price, but I wasn't too thrilled with the replayability of the story, so that might be a turn off for some people. I think it well worth it, you can't see a movie for 10USD anyways, and this is the length of three (or two, if Peter Jackson's involved)."
76561198221822988,Recommended,274310,22759915,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,ÉchoDulans,"I really do like this game, but even the best end leaves you a bitter taste in your mouth, but I have to say that that is not necessarily a bad thing. Not all stories had to go along with the Happy Ever After.I played a lot with different characters and approaching, and that one of the things I like the most. There are not a lot of video games where you can play as a LGBT+ character, and here you can. You can choose your character, your partner, and the way the story goes.In the graphics and gameplay part it is true that fails a little, but that is not the part that caught me the most in a video game. I am thrilled by an argument and the story, and when I can choose how can it can change, even if it's mean that everything it is going to go terribly bad, I cannot ask for anything more.If a have to give you some advice, I would say to you that you should at least try it out. It is not expensive, especially in sales, and we don't give an opportunity to little indie companies, what are our alternatives? Bugisoft? EAvil?"
76561198030574635,Recommended,274310,23623367,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,#1SexPistol,Very well written and chill game. Decisions actually matter and its fun to see how everything plays out. You can be any type of person you want to. I played the whole game pretty ethical until I had to do a car race. The guy was a scumbag so i cut his breaks and he ended up dying in front of his four children. I laughed. I dont know how to feel about that. Cant wait for the sequel.
76561198089253047,Recommended,274310,13936460,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Big Daddy Lulu,"I can't say too much, because that would be spoiling.This game is simply amazing. Worth every penny."
,Recommended,274310,11001671,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Julie the Sparten,"This game is amazing, basically  well, it's awsome just get it! And I'd sugguest to try to get it with the soundtrack!"
76561198048345060,Recommended,274310,23208818,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Ovan,"One of the very few games that look like it was made in rpg maker and i still bought it.It's basicly, ""choose your own adventure"" type of game, in which the game gives you the situation and depending on your choices, it changes the consequences and the next scenes.Sure, it doesn't have the brand, the animation or the art of a TellTale game, but because is much simpler than that, it can have much more options and diferent paths through the game."
76561198078784788,Recommended,274310,22900838,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,mafalda_157,"This is prety much the videogame equivalent of watching an indie movie, and yet another proof that games can work as interactive artistic experiences.The storyline may not be about some life-altering magical quest (you're basically just a normal person trying to make ends meet and going through a roadtrip) but the day-to-day freedom and agency you're given as a player, as well as the emotional connection you develop for your own character, make for a very compelling narrative.In the end playing this game becomes a very personal journey, one that invites self-reflection and leaves a lasting impression. Definitely worth playing if you like story focused games."
76561198058848210,Not Recommended,274310,15674816,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Benevolent pineapple,"I know i'm in the minority with this opinion, but that won't stop me from expressing my feelings: I hated this game.To be fair i only got to the 2nd city, nevertheless i feel like i've sceen enough. It tries to be sad and edgy, that i can deal with, But everything that happens is taken up to 11 beyond the realism it's going for and any degree of enjoyability. The title and gameplay are broadcasting the message that we need to screw over everyone else as hard as possoble to survive while often witnessing the consequences of our actions. And then the theme is tossed out the window with the fishing and slaughterhouse dayjob minigames. Providing both abundances of food and money that seriously undermine the desperation vibe, one's suspension of disbelief and any respect i had for the game.3/10- would only recomend to really bitter nihlists looking for ""validation"" of their beliefs"
76561198030853806,Not Recommended,274310,26010592,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Desert Gurt,The game is uneccesarily drawn out and has you completing repetitive tasks.
76561198094803132,Recommended,274310,21947189,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Inoue,This game is a masterpiece. I wish there would be more games like this.
,Recommended,274310,11008950,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Dentenshi,I loved it.  Choices actually mattered and you actually could be the bad guy even if you were tryng to help or live your life.  ASM is the type of game that really makes you think about your life and the people around you.
76561198085496288,Recommended,274310,22856094,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Deceased ANT ♪  #FightCancer,A griping game with a story that left an impact with me after playing.Didn't expect to enjoy this title as much as I did and I look foward to my second playthrough.
76561197987806922,Recommended,274310,34119383,Posted: 9 August,all,essler,Fun little game. had some hard choices i had to really think about. really enjoyed the story and cant wait for the next one
76561198121012495,Recommended,274310,13720595,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,SnowConeMonster,"it was a amazing game, it was touchy/ sad of course dependigon your choices"
76561198055444975,Recommended,274310,10779379,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Warden,DONT PLAY THIS IT WILL KILL YOU I AM DEAD IM WRITING IT FROM BEYOND THE GRAVE BUT SERIOUSLY ITS A GREAT GAME BUT DONT PLAY UNLESS YOU WANT TO DIE
,Recommended,274310,12211875,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Praise The Sun,Awesome love storyHas too many different endings since you choose which character you going to use and the story flows in which decision you take.
76561198023859269,Recommended,274310,22880085,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Inferno1200,I found a safe inside the game studio in this game made by that studio.I found the code to the safe and opened it. Found 50$ and a note saying that this was the games starting budget. I decided to take it because I could use the money. Soon after I realized I created a time paradox. Time paradox ensued and the game was over.Would create a time paradox due to greed again.
,Recommended,274310,22868301,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a full review, and NOT a first impressions review like all my other reviews, if you want a better full review, then please read better reviews then mineAlways Sometimes Monsters is a game developed by Vagabond Dog and published by one of my favourite publishers Devolver Digital using RPGMaker engine, the same game engine as To the Moon and Bird Story were developed with, however, as opposed to the heartwarming story that both To the Moon and Bird Story offer, Always Sometimes Monsters offers very realistic situations including sex and relationships, violence and drugsThe story is okay, nothing special. The characters you create and the game offers not only a man and woman relationship, but also a man and man relationship and a woman and woman relationship which includes a huge number of diversity in relationships and the choices you mkae can greatly affect the story, what I chose could be completely different than to what I saw on a YouTube video onlineThe game as a whole is like an interactive story, there isn't really much to do, The game is dialogue heavy and a few actions can change the course of the game completely. I liked this a lot, however, the game can get boring just seeing the same stuff with the heavy amounts of dialogueAlways Sometimes Monsters is a very mature themed game and includes a lot of mature content which some people may find disturbing or offensive, but for people like me who are not easily offended or disturbed, this game is a good mature themed gameThis game is not for everyone, the heavy amounts of dialogue and samey missions and stuff as well as the long length for a RPGMaker game can be boring for some people, however, Always Sometimes Monsters is not like any other dialogue heavy game I've played and deals with mature content fairly and maturely, as well as offers huge options and consequences for players to decideRECOMMENDED :)"
,Recommended,274310,20094929,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,eatbugz,i didn't even want a happy ending.
76561198054173964,Recommended,274310,14039011,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Lunartic,Spent 9 hours breaking my in-game back to get enough money to chase down the love of my life just to have my best friend become famous and for me to end up awaiting death in a dark alley. Best relationship sim on the market. But in all seriousness the game was a pretty good experience but it was very tedious at times due to the minigames such as putting boxes in a truck and constantly playing rock paper scissors for money. Besides that the game was an enjoyable experience. 8/10 would play again
,Recommended,274310,29822481,Posted: 10 February,all,[LR] Frosty_022,"This game is beautifully written although it may not be for everyone. If you're just looking for sunshine, rainbows and a happy ending then walk away now, this game broke my heart. I got really attached to the characters and nearly broke down at the end"
76561198079640001,Recommended,274310,10230186,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,DarkSoul,"I will admit to having never written a review before but this game was so good that I simply couldn't not.Always Sometimes Monsters delivers what it promises. It gives an experience where, based on race, gender and sexuality, your experiences change. However, this isn't all it provides. The story itself is gripping and amazing, with lots of different paths and lots of different consequences for your actions. I will admit that the story is somewhat stream-lined in that it's city to city to city, with fixed cities, however there is still plenty of room for diverging paths. On top of this, it provides an experience where you're often wondering whether or not you will be able to get through it; not because the game's that hard, but because the story twists in so many ways. On top of this, it also has some interesting moments when characters delve into philosophy.There are some cons however, the first being the potential for grinding. I'll give you an example. I was in a factory, loading boxes, told I could keep going until I was finished. The counter is 2 digited, so I assumed it wouldn't be too many. I loaded 101 boxes before giving up, with no indication that there was an end or not. As well as that, the jobs can be a bit boring/monotonous, but I suppose that's part of the game so I can't judge it for that. Also, I whilst I found Easter Eggs winking at the fourth wall clever, the heavy-handedness of this at the end was not to my taste.All in all, a fantastic game, indicated by the fact I'm going in for my second run now."
76561198079916552,Recommended,274310,10272936,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,cassedy.hastings,"I love this game. First of all, I'm a big fan of those RPG-Maker like games and this is just one hell of a good game. It makes me want to play the game over and over again to gain new paths, new endings, new reactions and the 'What if?' is always a luring voice in your head that makes you keep playing and once you finished it, you just want to do it again to see what will happen if you do it the other way. Always Sometimes Monsters is funny, real and yet surreal on the same time. Either you can be the hero or the anti-hero. Decide for your friends, your benefits or do whatever you want and send all of them to doom with choosing a way that would break friendships, relationships and futures. Nowadays most people always take the save way, this game shows what could go wrong or what you could gain if you choose the extreme or you do it the way our society does and keep things low. I really recomment this game. It's a fun, intense experience and for people who like to choose for themself it's a big hit. The mini-games are awesome, you have many things to do for a living, explore and meet interesting characters you just have to love, to hate or...well...sometimes you can't even judge a book at the cover. You have to think or let your heart decide before you choose and that is something most games can't: Make you think about the choices you did. The 'What if', regrets, fun in choosing..10/10 from me for sure. Great game. I hope the developers will bring games like this to us more often. I would buy them for sure. Great job!"
,Recommended,274310,18057260,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Maeka,Such an awesome game. I loved the unique story of it and enjoyed playing through it a few times just to check out the different story paths. If you like games with a good story I highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,274310,11397820,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Ceaseless Duality,"While playing this game, a few people asked me about the title. It isn't really that difficult to figure out. It is talking about the nature of people. We are *always* sometimes ""monsters."" It means that no one is ever completely innocent in life. That's the game's overall theme. While it's admirable to try to be a good person in life, you can't always help everyone. Sometimes, you have to consider self-preservation. A lot of the games major choices are centered around just that: do what's considered ""good"" or self-preservation? A lot of times in life, you can't have both. The game causes the player to consider some serious topics. I found it very enjoyable to play."
,Recommended,274310,30397497,Posted: 8 March,all,spocins,"At first i wasn't very eager to play this game. I don't even know why I launched it..but I'm glad I did. This game is awesome and really fun! You have so many options how to end the game and how to get there.The begining is kind of boring,but once you get trough it, its worth it!! 9.7/10"
,Recommended,274310,14820514,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Zander,Always Sometimes Monsters is game about the choices you make that effects the story and outcome of the game.Maybe we are always sometimes monsters. Love this game.
,Recommended,274310,15373549,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,iseetheisland,"When I got this game, I couldn't stop replaying it. I got the perfect ending on my first try, but I wanted to see what else I could do. This game has so many choices. So many moments to make you question your own morality.Other than the irritatingly small screen and the fact that mouse controls don't exist in this game, it's simply set up and easy to figure out.I'm dying for a sequal to come out with a more vast world and array of things to pursue.Fingers crossed and stuff."
,Recommended,274310,15022174,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,ChelseaLouise07,"I played through ASM twice, trying different things in the process, and I really enjoyed how your story could change depending on your choices. It was actually quite a bit longer than I expected it to be, which is always a nice surprise with indie games.The music is also pretty nice, which is a MUST with me. If it doesn't have good music, I literally cannot get through it.That being said, this game didn't hold my attention enough to make me want to play the whole game at once. If you like that sort of thing, this game is definitely for you, but I generally enjoy games that I can get really immersed in and want to complete in one session.I normally wouldn't recommend a game that didn't hold my attention, but the story was very good and made for an interesting casual game."
,Recommended,274310,15756959,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Tesco Value Bread,"This is my current favourite fame on steam. The music is above average, the story-telling is in depth and in places very difficult to make choices. Although there were a few gramatical errors like when the MC partner was male and he was reffered to as she, stuff like that, barely forgiveable however because there are many different choices, paths and possibilites, I'm sure it would have been hard to keep up with. It has a fair amount of re-playability because of the different options within. Fantastic Vagabond Dog, I love it!(oh and the devs putting themselves in the game gave me a laugh too)"
,Recommended,274310,10309156,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,X_kot,"For those who are looking for a shortish (~8 h) story-driven game that features a dynamic plot, Always Sometimes Monsters will be a satisfying experience.  There are dozens of permutations based on character choices that will affect not only the ending but also the plotline, which gives repeat playthroughs a purpose.  It also has a diverse cast that includes a variety of genders and sexualities.There are a few factors that detract from the experience, however.  The game's RPGMaker appearance may bother some, though it features original sprites throughout.  The mechanics of the minigames are tedious at best and frustrating at worst.  As opposed to Cart Life, which has rote tasks that are easily and quickly done but performed ad naseum, ASM's work simulations eat up a lot of time for little payoff.  (That might be the point, but it is difficult to wade through, regardless.)  Perhaps my biggest complaint is that the content per city is uneven.  The first city has a plethora of storylines and activities, but the following cities are minimal in comparison, usually featuring the main plot and a couple of side quests.Ultimately, the value of the game will depend on the player's ability to invest in the protagonist and the central conceit.  If you can get past the grinding for cash and the clunky minigames, there's a worthwhile story being told here...with a generous dash of fourth-wall-breaking meta-awareness, which might either be another selling point or cloying element to ignore."
,Recommended,274310,10375010,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Trashvis.,"Great game, reminds me a bit of ""To The Moon"" great game suprisingly the ending i got brought a tear to my eye and they is never the same choices everything is diffrent and its funny but yet sad"
76561197984122115,Recommended,274310,10489952,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Fuschnicken,"I was in the mood for something different and bought this game as a result. Though, I have to admit that I appreciated the experience more the second time around than the first, my overall opinion now is quite favorable. Because once you really understand how the game works, it can change your perspective on it's choice based narrative, affecting the way that you play, and altering the experience accordingly. Seeing some of the results of those different choices play out is the main draw with this one. Your ability to make choices, a lot of which you can't tell whether they're important or not,  alter the story in significant ways. It has old school 16-bit era console gaming graphics (RPGMaker), and muisc, and the gameplay itself is rather simplisitc, but I found it worthwhile for the journey itself, because with this one getting there is what makes it worthwhile."
,Recommended,274310,10542533,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,acecrazydude,Intersting story telling
76561198058166037,Recommended,274310,10544366,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,ivanyukio,"Good story mode, countless possibilites! Try it at least once."
,Recommended,274310,10634509,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Name,"Describing this as a game is difficult, so I'll use the developer's own description: ""a story-driven experience"". The graphics and gameplay, both neither good nor bad, are not the focus of the game. If ASM has your attention it's because you're looking for a story to be told, a story you can shape with the decisions you make (and the ones you don't), a story where the world is built upon the path you select. And ASM gives you precisely that. And much more.Put in simple terms, ASM is a love story gone to hell. Your story starts at the pit of broken dreams, and everything is piling up to get much worse. As you start a journey to seek what could possibly be the last bit of hope left in your life, you'll be faced to make choices that will define who you are, who you were and more importantly, who will you become. It gives you the building pieces of your past and asks you ""How did it all go wrong?"", and then it makes a wonderful job at creating a story out of what you've done.I'm not going to say ASM is something I'd recommend to anyone. Story-driven game with an unremarkable gameplay paired with the laundry list of trigger warnings the story has, it's likely most people will simply ignore this and move to something else. But for those that are still willing to try ASM, I can recommend this game for you. It is an enjoyable experience you will not want to miss."
,Recommended,274310,20462565,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,hank hell,have you seen chef
76561198055892868,Recommended,274310,25192809,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,The Fabulous Unicorn,"Sucked a guys♥♥♥♥♥♥so I had a place to sleep, but hey that's normal as im gay anyways.10/10 for letting me play as a gay hobo just like in real life."
76561198057909786,Not Recommended,274310,10420029,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Blinkiu,"I was following this game long time ago, waiting with good expectations to its release.So the day arrived, just downloaded it hoping that it will become one of my favorite games. But....the game was way worse than I was expected.Yes, you have to take some choices, but most of them don't really seem to be ""shocking"". I've never felt some kind of dilemma taking the choices.Most part of the game you will be doing really simple and boring ""minigames"" to earn some money, for me probably the worst part of the game.I guess the hype and expectations on this game made me buy it. But if I'm honest I'll say that it's not worth to buy this game."
,Recommended,274310,10327182,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Nyanpan,"Wow this game, definately worth it, so much content and decisions its awesome. The story is very compelling and just wow, I can't even put how epic this game is into words. So immersive and epic, 10/10!"
,Recommended,274310,11135741,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,boste57,"Ok, I don't regularly do reviews on games, but after reading the review section on this particular game, I decided that I need to tell you that all of the negative reviews are complete and total utter toss. They whine about the fact that your choices don't have any effect on the game, but they fail to realize that while the ending will end up the same, the actuall gameplay experience changes every time. One person was whining about the area where you have to load boxes into a truck, and that nothing had changed after him doing the same boring task for half an hour. Well, I guess I'm the only one here who didn't act like an idiot, and I quit after about five minutes. Once the dialouge started becoming really sparse and far between eachoter, I realized that by this point the developers were trying to tell me something, and I promtply left. And guess what, I did it long enough to move on to the section where my boss liked what I did and took me out to this clubhouse. It didn't take much intuition on my part to realize when it was ok to leave. It was kinda like that situation in Mafia II where you were loading crates into a truck, and you eventually realize that it was pointless to keep doing it. So you leave and go on with the game. Somebody else said that the game was far too grindy for it's own good. I honestly don't know what this guy is talking about, because I only had to do any work about three or so times outside of the main story line, and I was completely fine throughout the entire game. Maybe I just got lucky with the path I took, and didn't have to spend much money on anything, but I never felt like I was grinding for anything. So, if you want an experience with a little more gameplay than something like To The Moon, but still less than most games, or a life sim without the bullshat anime. Then this game is for you, and even if this really doesn't sound like something you would like, at a price of $10 it would be stupid for you to not at the very least try it out. I know this was kinda ranty, and I didn't talk too much about the actual game, but there really isn't much that I can add that hasn't already been said."
,Not Recommended,274310,20471497,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Damaged Envelope,"Always sometimes monsters didn't click with me at all, this game was recommended to me because i like narrative games. the opening lost my interest because it felt so forced and edgey."
,Recommended,274310,10217825,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Jagore,This game kicks you right in the feels. If you want to experience a really sad story of love and life and its entanglements its certainly worth a buy.
,Not Recommended,274310,10221177,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,(╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻ Yabvi,"I played a lot of this game. The experience was fun, I thought the game was really well made. My gripes are that the art for some of the characters were pretty bad, It didn't look natural. And the fact that almost any of the choices you make do not, in a lot of ways, change the ending as far as I know."
,Recommended,274310,21972884,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Oshidodo,"First things first, Always sometimes Monsters is a serious emotional rollercoaster.This game is sad and a tragedy, it puts you in such tough situations and throws difficult decisions at you making you think what's going to happen if I do this, what will happen if I say that? I did my best choosing the right decisions and making money when I had too and chasing after my love interest / romantic other but in the end it was all in vein and even though in my ending we both had a happy-ish ending after that the happiness quickly faded away. Honestly this game is quite slow paced at first and if you rush things it won't do you much good because you have to do many things carefully to make sure things turn out the way you want. Always sometimes Monsters have various and many endings but sadly my first ending wasn't the happy one and I ended forever alone.I enjoyed this game and it made me sad, happy and anxious to what events were to come due to the choices I made.I would recommend this game to those who have the time to spare to play this game."
,Recommended,274310,12306965,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,aaronisrippen,Sucked a guy's♥♥♥♥♥♥to have a place to sleep. Smoked meth to acquire cleaning supplies. 10/10.
,Recommended,274310,10193142,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,ashley.moore0811,"Probably the best purchase I've made on Steam, plain and simple."
,Recommended,274310,13836207,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,RoxasTheHunter,An RPG with Zero combat and **** ton of choices. Always sometimes monsters places you as a Straight/Gay/ lesbian guy/woman trying to win his love interest back and make it as an author. It rivals bioware in the amount of choices. There is a lot of great side content in its many areas that you might miss. Also there a references to various other games in its collectibles. This is probably the first RPG maker game i have played that supports WASD and has an autosave system10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,274310,23278280,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,LT 50UP,"A truly beautiful game, Always Sometimes Monsters demonstrates how a game with simple graphics and animations can still be utterly mind-blowing. The pixel art oddly supports the story well, providing a different view on a world that is oddly familiar. In fact, I found the whole world and story shockingly relatable, and the decisions I had to make throughout the game challenged my emotions and mentality. The story is one of the best I've come across. I was glued to this game for a solid week, and the many hours I have on record are due to me falling asleep playing the game...I couldn't stop! And the game has multiple story arcs, offering much replay value. I can't express enough how incredible this game's style and story are...honestly I would simply recommend buying the game and seeing for yourself. If you appreciate a story-rich, semi-open world game in which literally the entire story and the characters within alter based on your decisions, ten bucks is a small fee for such an experience. This game left some mental scars when I was done. Oh, and the music's awesome!"
,Recommended,274310,23693144,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,🌸 송하나 🌸,"Always Sometimes Monsters is an interesting game in the very least. The story is a typical love triangle, but the ""hero"" of the story does not exist unless you take the time to make yourself a hero. You're either the ""villain"" or you're just the average joe who is still in love with their ex. Being normal or bad is easy, but doing the right thing is hard and usually the best option which is a good thing to learn from this game. I recommend it if you want to see how exactly the game teaches this lesson; it's worth it."
,Not Recommended,274310,13818407,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,falcon.elleanor,"Kind of tedious.But still, its nice to play a game where you are just a regular person trying to deal with the consequences of your actions."
,Recommended,274310,13845416,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Shrooboid313,Became a drug peddling homosexual. (Only half of which is reflective of real life)10/10
,Recommended,274310,11733288,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,PointOfGravity,"Always Sometimes Monsters: the game with a heart.Now, seeing the introspective person I am, playing this game really gave me an insight on how life plays out, depending on the actions you choose. Always Sometimes Monsters is a true choose your own adventure game; you're a character and you have a goal, and how you get to that is up to you. You could go round doing some odd jbos, you could make a quick buck off some poor sod or you could just wing it and go where the mood takes you. Either way, you'll end up with an ending somehow. Going through the game, it really gave me a sense of purpose in it, even though it didnt particularly feel like it when I was doing the tasks - sometimes I had to cut corners, and sometimes I had to do things the 'proper' way - that being said, the game makes it extremely clear to you that there isn't a 'right' choice to make. What you do is completely up to you but nevertheless you will get to your objective. It really did feel like a journey, and one that was worth writing about - I'm not going to spoil the premise, because that's kind of the whole schpiel, but the actions you take really do feel like you're working towards an ultimate objective. It's the kind of game where you can get so engrossed in the story, but you still have the freedom to choose what you'd do in the situations it gives you.The message is clear in the game - you're in control of your own fate, but you can't control everyone else's. It's really rewarding working around all the circumstances to get to the objective you set out for yourself, be it making money or getting someone's trust. That being said, you need to really look into yourself to be able to make moral decisions, for example do you sell a stray dog to a training facility, or do you try and find its owner? These kind of choices make up the fabric of the game.The art style and the music really gel in well with the atmosphere, with groovey tunes by Laser Destroyer Team setting in feels wherever you go, and the art style reminding me of old school indie pixel art games. You can really feel the indie game vibe going on in this game, and it's not suprising considering it was by Devolver Digital.Overall, this game left me feeling sad; not in a bad way, but the story actually made me feel sad. It made me reflect on life, our journeys, and the fact that you might not get what you want. But this is what this game excels at - it can teach you a lesson about the natural order, and it can provoke conflict within the mind. If you're a fan of exploring stories to their edges, then this game is for you."
,Recommended,274310,11747488,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,UntoldOmen,"Honestly...this game has to be one of the most wonderful things i've ever played, this game had me hooked from the day i got it, after seeing one ending i had to go back and see how things change with certain choices. also i don't know if it's just because i found a found a couple who's player models look stupidly close to myself and a good friend of mine but tis game broke me emotionly. to anyone reading this you need this game 100%"
,Recommended,274310,11845262,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,cutiebot,"""Can we be salvaged, or are we always sometimes monsters?""7/10Always Sometimes Monstersis not for the faint of heart. Don't expect any remorse on the game's part: it has the potential to be far more bitter and unforgiving than it appears. In it, you play a struggling young author on a journey to pick yourself up from the gutter, but there's a catch: you only have 30 days to turn your life around. As I feel that the game is best enjoyed with little to no prior knowledge of its plot, I'll try to keep this review as nonspecific as possible.The concept is standard decision-based RPG fare: the choices you make will determine your future. I've always been a big fan of decision-based games, especially those that test your morals - andMonstersis brutal in this respect. A Paragon through-and-through, I'm always trying my hardest to take the moral high road in video games: tell the truth, abide by the law, and be the hero. Similarly to Lucas Pope'sPapers Please, the decisions you make inMonstersare far too morally ambiguous for this to ever be an option. Due to the complex and difficult nature of these decisions, it's not so much a fun game as it is a captivating one - there's no good or evil, and you'll find yourself making a lot of difficult choices that reflect those we make in reality. In its complete rejection of black-and-white morality, events chain together and intersect in a myriad of different and surprising ways. You'll often have to choose between your own welfare and that of others: the game forces you, an individual struggling to stay alive, to choose between money and morals, but there's more often than not a third option that might help you unintentionally...or hinder you just the same.Ultimately, I found the events of the game to be dissatisfying and irritating - but that's not necessarily a bad thing, as these feelings were born more from a desire for in-universe justice than anything else (how dare they treat my Marcus like that)! I've got a lot of respect for any work that can evoke this sort of reaction. I was not angry with the game itself, rather, the cruel nature of the world within it, and the way it had treated me.As the player, you're forced to take what is handed to you, and often feel as if your hard work has no purpose. I felt myself constantly frustrated, unable to have my character's life turn out how I felt it should, regardless of the effort I put in. I was equally upset when characters berated me for choices I made that I had originally judged to be morally sound. You're always presented with easy ways to make cash or advance further in the game, but they're never without their lasting consequences. I found the range of emotions this game stirred up in me to be surprising, as they were very much unexpected during my first hour or so of playtime. I did, however, find the required menial tasks quite frustrating - whilst I understand this is likely the intention of the developers, much like the aforementionedPapers Please, this kind of gameplay was severely limited by the RPGMaker engine, whereas the former tackled it in a very unique way.Despite the serious themes the game explores, there's still a good helping of well-written humour. One thing I found particularly amusing was the fact that there are self-inserts of the developers in the game, and interacting with them produces a host of self-referential (and occasionally self-deprecating) jokes. I found this to be very clever, and it was a great way to break up the tension in the game, along with the occasional mini-game (Rasmus Man, though clearly a Vagabond Dog inside joke, was quite amusing).Unfortunately, the game lacks the defined visual style found in conceptually similar games such asHotline MiamiandGods Will Be Watching. The character designs were not very memorable, although I did find the overworld sprites to be more aesthetically appealing than the character portraits (which, sadly, most characters only had one of, making intense scenes with smiling characters somewhat offputting, though I can understand this given the sheer number of designs). I honestly felt this to be to be my only major complaint with it, as the substandard quality of the artwork was made up for by an excellent plot and soundtrack. The music ranges from melancholy and atmospheric to gritty and unsettling, comprised of thumping 80's synths that wouldn't sound out of place on theDrivesoundtrack. Sadly, however, I did find myself picking up a host of grammatical errors in the dialogue that could have been fixed very easily.Finally, I think it's important to note two things about this game, though I'll try to be as ambiguous as possible so as not to spoil anything: the all-important LGBTQ+ representation, racial diversity, and the replay value this ultimately results in. The character selection process can yield a huge range of different combinations for the player and their partner - much like life itself - and I'm yet to replay the game in order to explore the possible combinations of genders, races, and their influences on the game, let alone those of my choices. Characters will suffer racism, sexism, and/or homophobia, an unfortunate reflection of reality.I certainly recommend this game to anybody who's looking for something that deals with human nature at its very core. Though it does lack polish in some areas, it's an outstanding game, and it's definitely worth a play. If you're anything like me, just try to have tissues handy. And maybe a stress ball."
76561198000486457,Not Recommended,274310,14682572,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Master Chobbs,"Reptitive, contrived, and not worth your time.  First of all, the characters. You won't care about any of these dweebs, at least I have not.  Not that's it's especially bad writing, it's that each of these characters are flawed in such a way that lead the player not to connect with them or their probelms, as their problems are much to their own making. Also the missions and tasks (or mini-games you could say) aren't worth playing - they are just repetition or bland outright dialouge choices.  Give me something interesting to do with mini games!  In all honest this feels like a devs ""first effort."""
76561198045080783,Recommended,274310,15730652,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,L0stLP,"A story about how far would someone go for true love (or gelossy).All presented in a Dating Sim stile of gameplay, namely there are day sections morning, evening and night(when you sleep), when you make a major action you go to the next section of the day, so you have a limited amount of decisions per day. With the exception of the first day where you can do a lot more.You will be judged for you're actions, but only you can chose the answers. You will go from one city to the next, until you reach the wedding of you're friend."
,Recommended,274310,13563700,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,LVCX,one of the most beautiful sentimental games i've ever played
,Recommended,274310,20343905,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,ghost.boy,"An incredible game. RPG Maker games tend to be misses rather than hits with me, being either too tedious or slow to fit in with my tastes. While Always Sometimes Monsters almost fits both bills perfectly, this game has a special spark that made it nearly impossible for me to stop playing. The story is deep, and so human. A player could play though multiple times and experience different stories, along with being able to play and romance as different characters!I couldn't recommend this game more. Well worth the price. Well worth the time."
,Recommended,274310,10225586,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,shrimpies,I had a nice old lady make me a salad and cook me stew 10/10 would play again
,Recommended,274310,10226320,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Llama Del Rey,"I loved this game so bad but it also made me realise how life can be ♥♥♥♥♥♥ sometimes. It made me think a lot about my life and about how consequences of your decision can change everything. I will definitly play this game one more time doing different choices to see where life can lead my character. Thanks devs for doing such an amazing work, hope you can sold enought copy to do a DLC. Also, if you do i would love to have more romance and sentimental decisions like in Mass effect or some eroge.THANK YOU!"
,Recommended,274310,11110018,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Krypto,"Loving it at about 5 hours. I actually shed tears at one part. Aside from Walking Dead, probably the most emotional game I've played yet and it's working. I have hope for smaller studios and mid level games again. AAA will continue to try to gather the widest audience, but maybe we'll get a Speilberg of games one day that'll give us a AAA like this. I don't even necessarily think it'd have to be 3D, it could still be 2D, maybe even still pixel art, but it would at least have to support widescreen and proper scaling. Maybe UbiArt. Might end up being my game of the year and that's weird. Might be my game of the year if I played it last year. Yep, enjoying it more than Black Flag or any game I can remember from the previous year."
76561198025591835,Recommended,274310,11477937,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,elysefires,"Always Sometimes Monsters is a hard game to review. The idea is great, presenting a gritty view of the ups and downs of life, but the lack of direction and attempts to read a deeper meaning into everything started to feel a bit long winded after a while. Every choice is yours, and you don't even need to make choices if you don't want to. You can just watch the timer tick down and stare at your character say they're hungry (but forgets about it after day 7).There are no real consquences to anything you do, bad choices are there just to make you feel bad, but you easily rationalize your choices to any NPC in the game, and they just sort of shrug it off. At times I felt completely alienated from my character, simply due to their dialogue. You moved 20 boxes, got $150 and feel like you're being punished? Just a little entitled and spoiled, my pixelated friend.That said, I liked it. It's too interesting not to like, but it felt like some aspects could have been polished off a little better, especially near the end where it feels rushed. If you want a reflective game, with a tongue in cheek look at reality, this is the game for you and it's a good buy for it's price."
,Recommended,274310,13664068,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,VACMAN,"This is such a good game, although there is a few disturbing images like the teddy bear picture, its amazing to play."
,Recommended,274310,11880202,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,t. mike,"The biggest accomplishment of this game is how it opens a window into the hell of struggling game design, self-aware in its obsession to deliver complex game structure and say something meaningful. The developers are present as background characters poking themselves for constantly failing at this, usually with a good dose of humour.Everything in this game is built around choice and consequences, and gosh dang can it bring you down. It's probably best not to go into the story if you're interested in playing at all--just surprise yourself and and look up no discussions...until maybe you hit the requisite twist ending unprepared.Most of the design faults pop up near the end. So many decisions and their impacts snowball together; it ends up falling apart fairly sadly, reminiscent of Mass Effect's closure(--in reasoning, not in disappointment). The structure also moves more and more away from being purely dedicated to itself, to petering out in game-y design with minigames or cartoon scenarios that don't fit the game's atmosphere, a side-effect of cramming in too much ambition.But maybe that design is the point, and is part of the story. The protagonist is writing it every night--or at least imagining it--after all. Maybe it's supposed to cross borders into blatant fiction by the desperate author(s).A unique recommendation goes out to fans of the original Deus Ex. This game shares a number of thematic and quest similarities, as well as taking clear inspiration in its color palette."
,Recommended,274310,11798233,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,DJSF,"This is easily one of the trickiest reviews I've done, however, it was also a critical one that helped reinforce things I need to consider when doing my reviews. I had originally intended to give a ""no"" recommendation, changed my decision after considering many different things. Keep in mind, for an RPG Maker game, this one is extremely impressive. I craft badges based on games I really like, and I did so for this game to mainly represent the unique gameplay type (moreso than the gameplay itself) and the effort put into everything.If you like text-heavy, story/narrative driven games, decision trees - primarily focusing on your moral compass - and love stories, then you should enjoy this one.The aesthetics are good, the game has a good amount of detail for an RPG Maker game - the art used for the different characters is also well-done. The music is very good and fits appropriately with the gameplay. The story is decent, there is a lot of variability depending on what choices you make. In the beginning, you may select the character you wish to play as (as well as his/her love interest) - the game also allows same-sex partners.The controls are very simple (entirely keyboard-based), especially considering that this is more of a ""life simulator,"" than anything else. There is no option to change text-speed, however, and this can be annoying for people who read quickly - I would spam the ""next"" button (which also happens to be the interact button) and accidentally reactivate the conversation. I advise you to wait for the text to completely render because pressing ""next"" will also select the first dialogue option if there happens to be one at the end of the text; save often in case this happens to you a lot. The difficulty is minimal, the main thing you have to worry about is ensuring that you have enough money to afford food (when your energy is depleted you cannot sleep).The gameplay is decent - if you are an immersive gamer, you will really have your moral compass tested at particular points. Near end of the game, a scene is presented that really appealed to me (and redeemed my original impressions of the game). There are a multitude of things to do: play games at an arcade, invest in ""hotdog"" stocks, play scratch-and-wins, gamble, and eat at different places. You have an energy meter, and this can be refilled by eating or drinking food. To progress the clock (morning, afternoon, evening), you must either complete an event or go to sleep; however, you cannot sleep on an empty stomach. To pay for food, you must either work jobs to gain money, gamble/sell items (there are collectible action figures) at the pawn shop, or even forgo payment and just try dumpster diving for dirty mackarels.There is a time limit - you must get to x in x number of days (it is possible to fail), so you need to manage your time wisely. That being said, I was able to make it to my destination with ~14 days to spare. For money, I kept playing the stratch-and-wins - buying 10 at a time for $50 and profiting an average of $50. Near the end of the game, you have multiple gambling options, and I personally found blackjack to be the easiest (since you can just load your game if you lose).The replayability for the game is fairly high due to the amount of available choices, however, the game has not interested me enough to warrant a second playthrough.Understanding that this is an RPG Maker game helped remind me some important things - I was too used to being spoiled by AAA open-world games where you have to be aware of consequences. For example, when you are first introduced to the ""hotdog"" stocks, the pitch suggests that it is a safer way to store your money. Considering that you have to sleep in the streets most of the time, I would deposit my money to my bank account in case I got robbed - this never happened. I do not know if you can be mugged, but in ~8 hours of playtime the only way I ever lost money was if I chose to.The item system can also use a gigantic rework, as I sincerely believe that most of the items are purely cosmetic. This includes both buyable and findable items - about 90% of the items I have serve little to no use. Another example, I am trying to get into my apartment, but the locks have been changed. I have a crowbar in my inventory that I found, so I naturally try to use it (to no avail). I do not know if most of the items serve a larger purpose.Besides the abovementioned points, there is a lot of different things you can do in the game. There are even brief mini-games that give you a break from the normal gameplay, which I found to be very nice.If you like life simulators - that are limited (by the RPG Maker engine) - and narrative-focused games, try this one out. Be advised, the central theme revolves around moral compasses and love, so avoid this game if those do not interest you.I will suggest you to wait for the price to go down unless you are really interested in trying it out.Recommend.Cheers,DJSF@DJSF's Rogue Reviews"
,Recommended,274310,13954402,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Deus Absconditus Sporkalork,"A unique and beautiful game. The narrative, primarily in it's latter portions, wasn't the best, but this is hands down one of my favorites. It's a powerful experience of the human condition and we need more."
76561198074485811,Recommended,274310,27777497,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Edwardswan,pretty good game
76561198095019183,Recommended,274310,15709231,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,procat,"A lot of people seem to keep having a problem with the ending, i can understand where they come from when they say it's not very satisfying, It seemed to be only based on your actions of the last three days of your journey, That meaning that you really could do anything you wanted and be terrible and it doesn't matter until you get to where you're going i feel like your decisions should definitely sway the story more and make it more or less hectic.I also think there should be more variety in story arcs making the game have more possibilities and more outcomes, more things that could go wrong, more things that could go right, more life changing and journey changing decisions that affect you greatly.Aside from the story, Some money gaining tasks seem to be tedious and no matter how long you take to do them for some reason you always make it to your destination on time regardless of how long you take doing whatever it is.Although i do like this game i feel like it's substance and content are for particular people, you'd have to be indifferent about a lot of things within the game to play it contently otherwise you're going to struggle to enjoy or play the game the way you should.Personally i enjoyed giving the game a couple playthroughs it was fun, but i do definitely wish that the content was more serious and not talking in terms of the games humor but i'm talking about it being strict with your time limit and more serious decisions to make.  It was fun though i liked it, i would recommend it to a particular group of the people i know but i don't think this game is for everyone and that's alright it's still a great game. if you're thinking about buying this game i recommend definitely getting the opinions of someone whom knows you the best i guess or just really do your research.6/10but what do i know really?"
,Recommended,274310,13834414,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Shep,"While visually uninspiring, Always Sometimes Monsters addresses how the choices we as humans make not only have impact, but are almost always morally grey. However Always Sometimes Monsters rely's heavily on it's writing to keep the player engaged due to the lack of interesting gameplay, which consists of walking and occasionally pressing the space bar button. Definitely worth a playthrough."
,Not Recommended,274310,29422427,Posted: 22 January,all,IceBlitz,"A bit boring, sorry."
,Recommended,274310,20348568,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,STIG,"Life is not defined by home decoration, pets, cup cakes or other activities represented in ""The Sims”. That’s pure fantasy escapism.Real life is mundane, tedious and full of disappointment, and in the end nothing matters anyway.In that respect Always Sometimes Monsters is probably the best life simulator ever made.The 10+ hours you’ll have to invest tooling away to get enough money to buy food and stay out of the streets while chasing a doomed dream makes it a ”real life experience” not possible to replicate through other mediums.It should come recommended to anyone interested in the current development of experimental gaming."
76561198059061960,Recommended,274310,22905491,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,ScrapmetalDG,"I bought a girl drugs so she didn't have to get out of line for a concert and gave she gave me the spare keys to her place.  When I go there, I walk in on her and her boyfriend having sex.   They asked if I was up for a three-way, and since I needed a place to sleep that night, I said yes.  Luckily for me, they were just heading out and I could sleep on the couch.  I immediately went to my asshat of a landlord and paid my rent and never looked back.  10/10"
,Recommended,274310,28824558,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,cacti,"what an emotional rollercoasterI loved this game.  I didn't expect it to touch very sensitive topics, and it really surprised me.The art was really great for an Indie, RPGMaker.It talks about how we are as people, life, choices, morality --And I love how you can choose your own character's race / sexual preference / gender.This game is heavy and emotional; and it will remain as one of my favorites."
76561198113326028,Recommended,274310,28854592,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,BitterInstinct,this game was pre neat
,Recommended,274310,28893567,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Paladin,"This is probably my favorite 8bit modern-day RPG game of all time. Such a unique storyline, pretty much endless choices, and great character development. Vagabond Dog knows how to write a game. Can't wait for Sometimes Always Monsters!"
76561198235395768,Recommended,274310,29105121,Posted: 7 January,all,Bill Nye The Soviet Spy,Was gay and got made fun out10/10 my life sim
76561198085391060,Recommended,274310,28889854,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Psyme,It feels like that this game is going be my real life. 5 months to go till graduation college.
,Recommended,274310,28935552,Posted: 2 January,all,Psyche,Great short game. Really into it.
,Not Recommended,274310,23458299,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,normalsauce,"This is just not fun to play. Look at my time, I've tried. Blah."
76561198094675316,Recommended,274310,15829983,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Catfish and the Bunnymen,Sold a stray dog to a rather 'unsavoury' person for $100 so I could buy a bacon sandwich.
,Recommended,274310,10238706,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,DPG Josh,10/10 Still in my Top 5 Favorite Games of All-TIME.1. Legend of Zelda OoT2. Skyrim3. Halo Series4. Chrono Trigger5. Always Sometimes Monsters
,Recommended,274310,10243037,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,ShadowOnigiri,"First of all, I want you to know: I do NOT think that this is a game for everybody. I myself am still a bit torn on what to think about it. I love the idea and the execution is...fine but not flawless in my opinion. I think it's best I list a view points that could be of interest to potential buyers (NO spoilers!):- my first playthrough took me about 9h30min- you can't create your own character by choosing what they look like but you have several different characters (and significant others) to choose from at the beginning of the game- the story and characters are what drives the game- you really should be someone who enjoys these ""choose your own adventure"" kind of games- you should also be someone who's into these kinds of stories (about ordinary people and their daily struggles mixed in with a sappy love story)- the gameplay itself gets rather repetitive after a while- besides some mini-games (which range from being kinda fun to annoying), you will spend a lot of time walking and talking- the game has a high replayability if you care enough about the characters and story to make you wanna see all the different outcomes and pathsAs there are so many different paths to play, you might want to consider checking out a playthrough on Youtube or so if you are still unsure on whether to buy the game or not. Might give you a good idea about the game's atmosphere which you really should get into if you hope to have a good time playing. So all in all, I decided to recommend this game as I love these types of story-driven, choice-making games in general and commend the developers for giving a game like this a chance. And once again: I think that if you can get into the story and characters enough, it'll make up for gameplay and you'll have a good time seeing how you're character's story unfolds."
,Not Recommended,274310,10315537,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Paheej,"TL;DR Version: Interesting idea for the casual gamer but lacks engaging gameplay mechanics for a traditional or hardcore gamer.Always Sometimes Monsters has some great opening presentation, utilizes its art style well, and does much with very little in regards to graphics.  Having said that, the game isn’t particularly fun or enjoyable and suffers from some slow pacing.  You basically do a bunch of menial, boring minigames as part of a life simulator – set up a stage for a band, put and remove coats from racks, help an old lady clean her apartment.  Unfortunately all these minigames just involve moving your character from one place to another and picking a menu option.  The story may be the main impetus for you to continue playing but it just cannot overcome the lack of interesting gameplay.  Maybe 10 years ago this game could have survived in the gaming market but today a $10 game competes with some of the best games of all time, and Always Sometimes Monsters just doesn’t quite cut it."
76561197993984598,Recommended,274310,10514353,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Syfro,"I respect this game for what it's trying to do: it's putting the player in a situation of desperation and asking ""How far are you willing to go to escape this?""And it does it very well. The game begins with you in the dumps, with nothing to your name and a practically unattainable goal - that is, if you were to stay on the straight and narrow. The question becomes, how flexible is your moral compass? What would you do to improve your situation? Would you lie? Steal? Kill?How much is your happiness worth, and how many people can you hurt before you no longer deserve it? At what point do you become a monster?The first act of the game is very strong, as is the ending. However, the two cities in the middle are significantly rougher - they seem emptier, with less to do, some noticeable bugs and insufficient testing. Interesting plots and elements will appear without being satisfyingly resolved. It feels like that part of the game was pushed out the door.Even with its shortcomings, Always Sometimes Monsters has a very engaging story to tell, and if you have the patience to slog through the middle of it, it does reward you for your time. I wish the devs had maintained a high standard throughout the whole thing, but they are also sometimes monsters."
76561198124139802,Recommended,274310,10649276,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,KiteeCat,"Interesting game. Enjoying the moral choices, but so far not experiencing too many consequences of my choices. Loving the old-school graphics. Appreciate the brutal honesty of the language (aka not for children). Not enjoying the tedious repetition of certain tasks (eg jobs). Strange at first getting used to a game with keyboard and no mouse."
,Recommended,274310,10681625,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,squidyj,"Very solid and interesting game that forces you to examine the relationships between choice consequence and circumstance, highly recommend this title."
,Recommended,274310,19757321,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Yukkira,"So the first time I played through ASM, I thought I did everything right. Yeah I made some mistakes here and there but all in the name of love right? To show that I cared and wanted her back so badly that I'd do anything for her.Nope. ♥♥♥♥ed up. I realize I'm ♥♥♥♥ed up. My feelings are ♥♥♥♥ed up. My morals are ♥♥♥♥ed up. I can't even-21/10 would play for the first time again if I could just to realize how ♥♥♥♥ed up I am as a person."
,Recommended,274310,20462953,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Seranjine,"A game has never made me regret my life decisions before. This though? This has made me feel like a ground up, fermented, beef pickle. It has also made me recognize that I am a terrible person if I ever guide someone else's life. I mean, sure, only a few secondary people died. But crap. These people had to have been miserable as hell. 10/10 would make their lives miserable again though."
,Not Recommended,274310,19913120,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,A Kings Ransom,The creators put self-aggrandizing cameos of themselves in the game all over the place. Yeesh guys.
76561198086453730,Recommended,274310,19052755,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,04amuseoffire,"So refreshing! It isn't often that you play such a story driven RPG with a character that you can completely relate to! Very much appreciate being able to create whatever kind of hero I wanted (male, female, gay, bi, queer, etc). Thank you so much, and here's to hoping for ASM2!!!!"
,Recommended,274310,19584929,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,AlphaNeonic,"This is a tough one. Always Sometimes Monsters is an RPG about a quest to get back with your ex, and they're getting married in 30 days. There is no fighting. It's all decision making and item/health management.There is a lot about this game I didn't like. I felt like a lot of the mechanics weren't clearly explained until it was too late, like the stamina from eating food, the day and night cycle, what effect your choices will have. The latter half of the game also feels very rushed compared to the first half.Through all of those problems though, I liked it. Once I got a few days into the story, I was hooked and I had to see it through to the end.I would recommend this game, but I would also recommend using one of the walkthroughs provided on steam, especially if you don't want to play through it multiple times to get the ""good"" ending."
,Recommended,274310,11991577,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Swagasaurusrex,"This game was great and for a small independent studio to produce this, is amazing.  I throughly enjoyed this game as it enforced the idea of choice and morallity. Overall great for anyone who loves story driven games and like nonlinear games that offer multiple endings. Though there were a few issues with the game which unfortunately detract from the overall quality of the game, it is still a great.  8/10"
,Recommended,274310,13964951,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Jake,"This Game... boy let me tell you this story telling and adventure is Steam Bot Chronicles level of story telling, this game is one of the best game i have ever played in my time on this earth and the soundtrack is wicked and how all your decisions matter in this story for example your character is a big decision in the story because all the characters have different storys but all in one. This is Highly reconnened and a must play game"
76561198039842754,Recommended,274310,13965484,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,NoiseOnFire,"I finished my first run in 6.6 hours and I have to say, I'll be replaying this game. It has a deep story and it feels like everything you do has an impact in the final outcome. It does have a lot of controversial themes and your ethics are constanly being tested. So if you're like me and you're curious about all the alternate endings, this game is really worth the price they ask! But if you only want to play a single run, I guess you should probably wait for a sale cause it might be a short game."
,Recommended,274310,22744700,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Narth,"I think what this game does best is storytelling. In fact, I don't think I really appreciated any other aspect of the game. Some parts are plain tedious or boring.What made me play this game three times in a row was my desperate need to ""get it right this time."" I felt like Bill Murray in Groundhog Day. I would start the game determined that if I just made the right choices, my love would take me back. Only to feel the crushing disappointment at the end, and then feel it again.Until finally, sweet bliss of finally sticking it to that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Sam. Man, that was great. Totally worth the 25 hours it took to finally get it right!!! Awesome game."
76561198012913310,Recommended,274310,10204076,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,LmxInfernal,This game will ♥♥♥♥ you up. Go play it. It's good.
76561198063301497,Recommended,274310,10238084,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,iTzMeH,Very Kewl
,Recommended,274310,10194714,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,{SHN}  brittaknee,"I realllllly like this game. The music is fun, the script is entertaining, and lots of choices to be made!"
,Not Recommended,274310,10463877,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,boi513,"Umm... I dont like it. Its the story. Couldnt stomache it all. Maybe its just me but I just cant see myself letting it all fall apart and being heartbroken for a year. The main character just seems like a complete needy, lazy, loser who doesnt take care of his business like an adult should. The story progresses with him (or her) Deciding that they want their girlfriend (or boyfriend) back. I would have just said ""to hell with her"" and went to work. It was all too pathetic to me. You may think other wise because this is my opinion. I tried to get into it but I... just... couldn't... do it."
76561198010089691,Not Recommended,274310,10208749,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Joseon,"I was playing the game, than suddenly some weird ♥♥♥♥ing shitbags came along and took me to some homeless assylum or something. I was forced, and it made no sense at all you ♥♥♥♥ing developer ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. After that I called those ♥♥♥♥holes '♥♥♥♥ you' and they killed me. I'm not really sure if those developers are actually living in the same real world as mine. It has nothing to do with the real life and is just ♥♥♥♥ing annoying."
76561198014482724,Recommended,274310,14717847,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Rezzo Krauser,"A great game, offering a lot of choices to chase after your true love.It's an rpg maker game, and it's focus lies mostly in the story.Pros:-Great story-Loveable Artstyle-The power of Choice!Cons:-Why would you even look here?! but fine... here is one at least-The consequences of your actions don't always seem that apparent, but I've yet to complete the gameSo i'm hoping that'll changeIn short...How far would you go for love? find out in this fun little game!"
,Not Recommended,274310,23880561,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,trouble with tribbles,"Seems like a neat idea, but the writing is abysmal."
76561198081535852,Recommended,274310,12850902,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Best Nightmare,"I first played this game when the developers showed it at Pax East. From what I saw, the story line was very interesting and choice driven. I was compelled to play it when it came out and had a chance to speak with some of the developers to tell them that I enjoyed the demo. What I didn't realize is how much story content this game has and I was always on the edge of my seat  to find out what happens next after I make a decision. I'm not going to spoil anything, but I highly recommend this game since it reflects on the choices that you make and the paths that are interwoven together by those choices. Another note to add, the soundtrack is amazing!"
76561198020880423,Not Recommended,274310,10315109,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Heterochromatic,"If this had been an adventure game it would have been a lot better. As it is, the JRPG format makes the game quite tedious.The biggest problems are the mini-games and the lack of quest markers.The mini games just break the pacing of the story line. One example is a storyline where you have to hack the electoral system to rig an election. To me, the important thing is whether you decide to rig the election, and which candidate to favour; rather than interrupting it with Frogger-TRON.The lack of clear quest markers is a problem because this is a top-down RPG. Think of an old style adventure game where you would scan the screen with your mouse cursor to find the interactive elements. Here, you have to walk your character around the area and try interacting with all the surfaces to find the one that triggers the next phase of the ""quest"". One example is when you're told to start boxing. You would think you'd go to the boxing ring, nope. How about those two guys training with the hook and jab pads, nope. The guy training at the punch bag, nope. Turns out you have to go to the guy lifting weights in the corner to start boxing. I'm not asking to be led by the nose to the next quest trigger, but some of the trigger points are counter-intuitive and/or downright obtuse. The game is about making decisions, and this element of find-the-thing/trigger just breaks the pacing of the story.I didn't finish the game, I found the problems I've noted outweighed my curiosity at how the story would play out. The story is good, and in most places quite mature. I would like to see more from these developers, but not in the JRPG format."
76561198008630666,Not Recommended,274310,10236101,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Tuskor,"Yeah. Okay. So feel me on this one guys.Don't.Got it? People don't take my reviews realistically, but you guys are pretty stupid anyways.Just don't. It's not."
,Not Recommended,274310,24080533,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,ｂｏｒｅｂｏｒｎ,"I did not play much of this game. But what I played was incredibly boring to the point I did not want to continue. It actually made me more bored than prior to playing this game.Nothing happens. Writing is not very good. Music is repetitive. And the developers are so conceited that they made their office into the game. You do not just add your life to your work, you work it in, like does everybody who knows what they're doing."
76561198056924486,Recommended,274310,10198583,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Aleyus,"This game is deep. There is no other word for it. I'll agree that if you're the type of gamer that likes action, suspense, or instant gratification, then it probably isn't for you. If you like a game with a great story, and a lot of choices, then this may be a game for you. It takes a very particular type of gamer to enjoy this kind of game. This game is about life, the pursuit of lost love. It places you in a very real role, and makes you choose your path. How much are you willing to sacrifice, how low will you sink to chase love? It's all up to you. Who your character is changes how people react to you, so it's fun to play a character that isn't like you. Try being straight, gay, white, black, asian, whatever, and you get a different perspective. You may just learn something. The soundtrack is also amazing, there wasn't a single moment in this game that I didn't enjoy listening to."
,Recommended,274310,12932748,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,A.Zombi.McTaggart,"This is a surprisingly fantastic game. If you're looking for a game that is fun yet makes you question your morality.... this is your game!Also, there is a large chance you will play it multiple times as to see what result/ending you get with certain choices."
76561198078942126,Recommended,274310,10246450,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Tonzay,"This game was a journey to say the least, when i first heard about this game i instantly fell in love with the concept this game grabs my indie game of the year a recommendation if your a fan of 'Choice'"
,Not Recommended,274310,10260248,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Porkfu,Starts off well. Tedious tasks make up the final half of the game. Your first ending leaves you unsatisfied. I don't think I care to play it again to see all the endings.
,Recommended,274310,10196173,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Friendly Shounen Protag,"This ia a beautiful game. As of writing this now, I've only clocked in about 5 or 6 hours. I lost track lol. It's a wonderful game with a captivating story. Unlike other games, Always Sometimes Monsters makes the player actually feel like they are in the game. You're constantly brought up with the theme of choice.  Every little thing is a choice. You're not forced to do whatever it is that you're doing.  If you don't want to let the man in the first minute speak, you can kill him and be done. If you are interested in his story, you can let him speak.   No matter what you do, it's all about choice, and that's what I enjoy about this game.Let's not forget about the music and art style. Even though the game is comprised of sprites, it's still great. The music is just amazing. It fits the story perfectly. It's like a typhoon of beauty.  For anyone who is looking for a game with an amazing story, something to open your mind, or just to feel true freedom in how you play something, this is a game to look for.  This is a must play for everyone."
,Not Recommended,274310,11556799,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Degreeless,"(Note: I have not completed this game. I do not plan on coming back to it.)Despite its desperate pleas to be the Indie Game of the Now, Always Sometimes Monsters is a pretentious, sloppily-written slog of a game that deserves neither your time nor your money. Its two developers are far too comfortable hiding behind its laughable mission statement to bother crafting a believable world for its cast of shriveled archetypes to inhabit, and this oversight stops any momentum that its mildly interesting premise may have afforded. If video games are going to be taken seriously as a narrative form, at some point we're going to have to admit that merely donning the airs and vestments of intellectualism without actually saying anything of importance isn't enough to warrant critical attention. The only themes I got out of three hours of Always Sometimes Monsters were ""choice matters,"" ""laziness is bad,"" and ""you're responsible for your actions.""  If this truly deserves the bevy of positive ""thinking man's"" reviews that this title has received, maybe I'm in the wrong line of work.4/10"
,Not Recommended,274310,20619586,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Hat of Awesome,"It seems really great in the beginning but ends up disappointing in the end.The further you get into the game, the more depressing things you witness and are forced to do along with heavy repetition on your chosen jobs which are just boring repetitive tasks.Its pretty fun that you get to choose the main character and then your love interest but then the fun ends and you are warped into a game about making you feel like junk. Every moment you play its just about you either being a horrible person or others around you being scum of the earth. They throw you with all these political kinda views and horrors of society but not in a fun kinda way. More like a rapid slap to the face with no alternative solutions. You either take path A or path B....and both make you kinda feel guilty in the end.I managed to get through the whole thing to the end and....I can't really say the ending was a payoff at all.SPOILERS:Your choice is to let your romance be with their new lover and you end up on the streets as a failure....but if you take your romance back, their lover will end up on the streets as a failure. None of these options are enjoyable at all. Sure the first is the proper happy ending, but how can that be when your best friend has ended up on the streets as a vagabond to be gunned down.Everyone is bitter. Everyone is whiny. And everyone is a backstabber in this game. Heck, you are even forced to be one yourself. By the end of it, I felt kinda crummy.In all, I think its more of an ARTSY kinda game so people who like that kinda stuff will probably get a kick outta it. For me? It really has no re-play value and I didn't care for it."
,Recommended,274310,11712455,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,sots,"totally swaggy game. i helped dis old woman and she gave me money i then proceded to go to an arcade to play this totally swagalicious game where i ran over people and avoid cats. i got the ""swag fest badge"" so a guy came up to me and said ""ballaballa till you holla! yo i give you anythin 4 dat"" so he gave me $100 dollars from his dads money. but his dad came outside with a shotgun and shot him for me drinking his bear and him stealing his money i killed his dad then left. 10/10. bolla bolla till you holla"
76561198075202999,Not Recommended,274310,16089399,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Jakuzi,"Not even the best game that I've finished in under 5 minutes.I hope everyone takes note of the fact that almost every review refers to this game's story line and writing with almost no attention to the gameplay.positives-somewhat clever in its execution (the first example being that if you say no to the premise of the game at the start the game boots you out)-can play with one hand, allowing you to masturbate as you play-probably has some kind of message that you can analyze as practice for analyzing more interesting thingsnegatives-no combos-no 360-no scoping-probably can't go MLG playing this-seriously how do I hadoken-unskippable dialogue if you've already been through the start, giving you nothing to do but keep your head down and tap the space bar for 2 minutes straight"
,Recommended,274310,10364119,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,E a Tampa?,"Better than the most games with excellent graphic quality been selling on steam. It means that a great game doesn't need a huge budget and a perfect engine. A Good Game need only fun, need steal the attention of the gamer and in this case ""Always Sometimes Monsters"" crossed the line. Nice Story with many kind of ways to get the end. I recommend to everybody."
76561198056686322,Recommended,274310,11697316,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Hacr,"Now if you're looking for an action shooter game or any of that stuff don't look here. This game has none of that but it doesnt mean its a bad game. This game is about the story and the decisions you make along it. It teaches you that you cant always be right but you can somehow always make the wrong decision. During the story you will meet many charactersthat you will learn about and interact with, all while conduct tasks for people trying to get to your loves wedding across the country.I have to admit I feel in love with this game, so my opinion may be biased. THis game is great because it shows you the highs and lows of life, p[ossibly to an extreme. Some apparent issues I found in the game is that at one point if you fail you have to spend days of repetive tasks. Also to you mlg players this game isnt hard, again its about story and such. This game has some replay valve because you can do different things for at least 4 playthroughs. Overall I love the game, I hate sappy love stories (im a guy btw) but this game is great and it really teaches you conquences without instantly telling you. Its all about the journey, not the destination."
,Recommended,274310,10238082,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,hot2trotsky,"So, right out of the gate -- no doubt, this game is sort of a hot mess.There's typographical errors. (Of course, like the game points out, there's got to be at least a million words in this thing, so, the fact that less than a dozen got spelled wrong is not damnable.)Upsetting, plot-damaging bugs abound.  Nothing game breaking, but some sources of confusion and dismay.  (A testimony, perhaps, to the power of the game, which drives one to complete tasks, to witness the consequences of one's actions and really experience the result of their action.)As some have noted, the tone of the writing (dialogue, in particular) is occasionally sophomoric.  A fine description of it likened it to Kevin Smith - to which I would only add that while it bears a resemblance to Smith's fascination with blending the scatological and the emotional, the humane and the profane -- it also has a feel distinctly like Richard Linklater's existential slacker philosopher-poets.And yes, it offers a staggering array of choice in everything other than the main plot, which occasionally railroads you sharply and channels you in one, inexorable direction.  (One might note that the game never claimed to be a sandbox, and offers rather more narrative selection than any other RPG I'm aware of.)All that said, fresh from my second playthrough -- hot damn, if you can get past that, you're in for a real treat.  This is a complicated little machine, and the charm of it isn't in the polish, but in the fact that it is something new and fresh and original and kind of brilliant.  It is some supercharged mutant unleashed on the indie gaming public, and for people who can pick up it's wavelength, it's possibly going to spoil mainstream twitch-reflex gaming for you forever.There are some real feels that can be had playing through this thing if you give in to the immersion -- heightened, rather than than in spite of, the occasionally cumbersome interface.  Some of the mini-games had me holding my breath, or tense, concerned about the consequences.  Some of the more emotional moments evoked a powerful, visceral reaction.  One noteable moment of horrific violence involving a poorly secured satellite dish made me laugh out loud, torn between horror at what I had so casually done, delight at the response from the NPCs, and shock at this unexpected shift in tone and action.  And while the dialogue is occasionally a little clunky, the underlying narrative structure and overall outlook of the game was done by someone with a fine capacity for empathy and a more than uncommon understanding of the human condition.If anyone out there still has doubts about a videogame's capacity to be a storytelling medium or a work of art, point them at Always Sometimes Monsters, which in uniqueness and singularity of vision is surpassed, possibly, only by - maybe - a work of artisinal obsession like Dwarf Fortress.For you fans of post-modernism -- you are in for a treat and then some.Even if this game, in play, was a disaster, I would have given it a postive review for it's ambition and it's outlook.  A relief, then, to be able to endorse it even more full throttle than that -- this game is really playable, and despite a little bit of 'ugh, I have to play THIS level again?' lends itself well to more than one replay.  I'll probably let it cool down for a week or three, but I can see myself returning to it soon.I simply can't say enough good things about this game.  Thanks, Vagabond Dog, for an awesome experience."
76561198000378204,Recommended,274310,11937235,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Kyp,Buy this game if:- you like story-driven games- you like making difficult choices- you like choosing the appearance of your characterReconsider if:- RPG-maker graphics make you puke- you need to feel like you're actually playing- you think you're too sentimental (The end can be very depressing. Don't expect it to be sugar-coated)
,Recommended,274310,16435441,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Rammsteniako,"Short fun game... you choose your gender, looks and partner :) 7/10"
76561198065117478,Recommended,274310,29151330,Posted: 9 January,all,Shenanigans,Dang this game was an adventure. It's better than a lot of AAA titles.
,Recommended,274310,10635275,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,FruitzPunch,"at first, i thought this would only be another wannabe retrostyle game with no individual gameplay, then i read the reviews and bought it. i was so wrong! the story is pretty good, the characters are really nice, and the music fits the game well. some may say that the outcome is always the same, no matter how you proceed, but these people are wrong! the ending may be the same, but the dialogues are pretty unique. btw i just stole the companies start budget in the game and crashed the reality. lol"
,Not Recommended,274310,11041962,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,PJZ,"Unfortunately, I found this game incredibly intriguing and had started to fall in love with it.After the first night of playing, I tried to turn the game back on and the Up arrow key is now stuck in an endless loop, making the game unplayable.   The devs won't respond.  Digital Devolver won't respond.Basically, I paid to play the game once and then it was gone.  So if you play this on a laptop, just know you're throwing away money and that they won't help you fix it."
76561198064291417,Recommended,274310,30431396,Posted: 10 March,all,Perks,Great story and well worth the money!
,Not Recommended,274310,11061061,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,brashchris,"If you like walking around, and only given a chance to make a descion every hour this game is for you! And if you find a  good and funny descion make sometimes it will say, ♥♥♥♥ you! You cant do that! This games so good that I died of bordem!"
76561198050476823,Not Recommended,274310,23407457,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Feyla,"Never Always Sometimes Monsters: A ReviewA friend and I played this together and we honestly have no idea where to begin in describing this. The prologue was interesting, but the segue into a flashback (which coincidentally takes up almost the entirety of the game) was jarring and awkward - a theme that the game would be sure to carry through to its bitter end. Selecting and naming both our character and our love interest was nice, but everything was downhill from there. From polarizing, bioware-esque decisions to repetitive, repetitive, REPETITIVE gameplay, ASM really had us gritting our teeth and desparately scraping humor from anything we could.There were some genuinely funny moments and interesting concepts, of course, but they were very, very small parts of a game that would rather put its own developers in it and then punish you for robbing their smug, stupid faces. As other people have pointed out, ultimately none of your choices matter, nor do your resources, which robs the game of any sense of accomplishment for completing its purposely monotonous tasks. Every minigame in this game is about as fun as polio and we are definitely worse people for having played them.Even if all of that could be set aside (which it can't, to be absolutely clear), there are so many minor ♥♥♥♥-ups that really show how little effort anyone involved in this game really put in. Have pizza pockets? Hope you microwaved them at the very beginning of the game, jerk, because you will have no other opportunity to eat your perma-frozen cheeseblock over the next month. Someone gave you work gloves as a reward for a job well done? May as well shove them up your nose for all the good they'll do you. Make it to San Verdano with time to spare? Don't worry - the bachelorette party will just take ELEVEN DAYS to get things back on track. I'm not kidding when I say that we've seen better games come out of 24 hour game challenges than this tripe. As for the typos - the occasional typo is understandable (hell, I'm sure there are a few in here, but I'm not making a game I expect people to pay money for), but many of the typos in this game could have been caught with a simple automated spell check, for ♥♥♥♥'s sake. Get your act together.Many people have said that this is a game about narrative, and I don't blame them - the narrative, no matter how absolutely threadbare and bland, is a much better thing to cling to than the gameplay itself. That being said, the narrative has been banned from being translated into any other language for fear of violating the Geneva Conventions by initiating a memetic attack on a foreign nation. Most of the narrative is defined by you, but only though questions that are asked by other people, leaving you to wonder if your character is lying out of their♥♥♥♥♥or if this is actually how everything went down. Sometimes a dream sequence will follow one of these decisions to confirm that it is true, but often you're just left wondering what the significance of your response was. Nothing. It was nothing, to save you the trouble of wondering. It could be argued that this is intentional - our narrator could be unreliable, after all - but that would take talent and there is clearly none to be had here. More often than not, the most important decisions of the game are made for you. Did we want to steal our best friend's girlfriend? Absolutely not. We saw where things were heading and tried to avoid it, but we ultimately had no choice in the matter. For a game leaning so heavily on its narrative for substance, it was lacking.I cannot in good conscience recommend this game to anyone. To quote the game itself, ""I've heard some long and pointless stories in my life but this one takes the cake!"""
,Recommended,274310,22837231,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Boiling Water Bottle,Very nice story line
,Recommended,274310,21538782,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,ScyAnide,
,Not Recommended,274310,21070651,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Neoprofin,"Start of game is between a hitman and his boss begging him to keep killing but the hitman doesn't want to do it anymore. There is no option to confront your boss, the first interaction is with an armed homeless man. If you shoot him without listening to what he has to say you get a game over.Sorry, any sense of agency I had was ruined in the first few minutes.Lost interest."
,Recommended,274310,17404613,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,SplittingComet,"Learn how bad of a person you are, as well as everyone else"
,Recommended,274310,17264463,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Baker,I made some pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ choices.Rigging the election was good right?Right?!?
76561197976511201,Not Recommended,274310,10855686,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Blazikenowen,"Im not going to lie this game isnt worth buying why? no matter who you pick it starts off the same infact I can go further no matter who you pick guess what exact same story, sure I get its meant to be a story about what happened to the bum but that doesnt mean you cant have different storys to each character that ends to how the bum is at the start pretty much no point to this game I paid full price thinking oh this is going to be amazing it certainly looks it, boy was I horribly decieved its boring its as I said pointless with no different stories and while the description of this game claims choice and ability to pick gender and stuff well theres very little to choose, yes you can pick a gender kind of its male or female you can only be characters you see at the party at the start and well you dont get to choose much to there personality or anything, all I can say is avoid this game unless you want it to no end then wait for a 90% sale for it its not worth even £2"
76561197985945655,Recommended,274310,25779888,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Crowmoor,.
,Recommended,274310,10481350,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,O'Whale,"Beautiful is a very good word to describe this game. The pixel style grahics bring nostalgia to my mind and the concept is excellent. Some people say it is an RPG, and I would agree, but it is also a very good Life Simulator. The way this game works is very good. It is all based off your choices, so it may cause you to rethink your own life choices. It hasen't yet with me because I make all the good choices in it, but I was tempted sometimes to not do that... ^_^ I haven't finished the game yet, but it is VERY good. Beautiful. Just beautiful. Buy this game if it goes on sale. It is worth it."
,Recommended,274310,23892072,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,aquannete,"I said I'd get the elderly some firewood so that they wouldn't have to argue if bacon can't go well without eggs or if eggs couldn't be served without bacon for breakfast.I ended up meeting an old friend instead and when I came back with firewood, it was already afternoon.4/7"
,Recommended,274310,13727784,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,MackWild55,great game! love every seccond of it. i hoghly reccomend it
76561198016402271,Recommended,274310,13208428,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Nero,"This game broke my heart into tiny pieces and im feeling kinda depressed right know. In fact it is a painful game that gives you ultimate life lesson. A piece of work!﻿ I recommend it for everyone who wants a  a deep emotional and dark story where you have many different choices and endings. Do you want to be a good or a bad person? A good or a bad friend? Do you want to save a life of a person or let him die? For some of these i literally had to stop for a bit of time  to think about it and these decisions are really hard to make, like life is generally. And of course the game is also full of humour: Want to sell drugs or work in a weed farm? Want to meet the developers in this game ( meta duuuuuddeeee)? Or do you want to invest in sandwich shares? You can also put hundreds of packages into a van until you realise at the end that all this time was lost for nothing (srsly dont, just dont do it, i raged so hard). And if this didnt convince you, you can also masturbate under the shower and poop in the toilet :D Nahhhh but seriously this game is awesome, you need to buy it to understand what im talking about. Choice is an evaluation of cost and benefit. Circumstance dictates the evaluation. The choice to buy this was the right one to make."
,Recommended,274310,13207628,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,DizzyMizzy,"Shot my ""supposably best friend"" because he wanted my Journal and still died in the end. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,274310,11529103,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,A Terrible Accident,"This game sucks. It claims choices matter. But what do ya ♥♥♥♥in know, they dont. reallyy am I that surprised that some guys using RPG maker did some♥♥♥♥♥♥like that? no not really. Bioware did the same thing and they can fill a boat with one hundred dollar bills.ANyways.You play as two characters. One is hopelessly in love with the other for barely any explainable reason. The loved person is gonna marry your best friend. blah blah blah youre a broke writer who wants to stop the wedding or something.This game was made to teach people the unfairness of life, but really all it taught me was two things.Fishing. and gambling.anyways it ♥♥♥♥in sucks. dont buy it."
,Recommended,274310,11855742,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Orthopaktis ☦,"First off, controls, regardless of what game or genre, this is important as hell, and the developers clearly took a giant heaping ♥♥♥♥ all over this. The main problems are very sensitive and annoying movement controls - huge problem on thehacking levels and vents, but also they brilliantly decided that F12 would make you exit to the menu and lose your progress with no confirmation dialog, anyone who's used Steam for a time knows F12 is screenshots. Thanks, I got to watch thewedding sceneall over again after being a few seconds from ""winning"" with what I'd call a perfect ending (girl + journal) because I decided to take a screenshot for my wife!I can't rate graphics due to the style, but I did witness the off characters walking through walls instead of doors, walking over desks (like theP.I.'s office) and other sprites, occasional graphical glitches, but nothing severe.Additionally, on the note of glitches, on my first playthrough I did everything exactly the same as my perfect playthrough, but at theCasey/journaldialog, I was blamed for a lot of nasty things I didn't do, and I utterly lost no matter what I chose in thecasino level. Those things weren't mentioned in the second playthrough, except they accused me ofrigging the election when I didn't, and I otherwise won. So it's clear there's som save corruption going on there in both my playthroughs.Negativity aside, the story was great and touching, however considering the emphasis on choice, and less emphasis on graphics, I think the endings could have been more diverse which would have given more replay value, but they were good. I especially loved the diverse character choises, but it would have been interesting if the characters you chose could effect the playthrough, like if you chose a large/muscular character you could choose thesecurity uniform choice and/or be blocked from choosing the vents on the hacking/election level, but that's just my opinion.Overall, I give the game a 7/10, it really gets you thinking, and really pushes your feelings and motivation/choices.Explained: How to Get Perfect Ending - [Spoilers]First I need to say, the perfect ending is getting the girl and the journal/book deal. Ultimately, this is easy.Obviously the first tip is to be a good guy, all the way through. When you are playing you will see two pictures on your [ESC] or pause menu, you and your lover. As the game progresses, your lover's moves further away or closer to yours depending on your choices, at the beginning of the game your lover's picture will be close to yours, roughly the 75/80% mark. There's no way to tell what is the actual 100% mark, unless you have the same characters as me and look at my placement (mine didn't move any since I arrived at Salt City, aside from the tux). Unfortunately the 100% appears to be the necessary requirement for the girl and the deal as another save thats slightly lower, maybe at 95%, was a game ""loss"".DO NOT BUY THE TUXEDOWhen you buy and put on the tux, you will see your lover's portrait move roughly 10-15% AWAY from you, meaning the tuxedo is negative on your final score (maybe it makes you look pompous/money hungry?) and will ruin your ending. This is the one choice I am certain hurts your ending because I tested it being so close to the end. With the tux, she chooses her fiancee over me every time unless I save him by giving the journal (paying debt won't work) and ask him to cancel the wedding in the Casino, without the tux I pay off the debt, get her back, and ger the journal for myself.Quite simple actually, and the hint (the portraits) was staring us in the face the whole time.Some other notes:1. Couple score has nothing to do with the ending, it's a code saying what two characters you picked. It was the same for me on all three my playthroughs with the same characters all through the game.2. Fate score has nothing to do with the ending either, and appears to affect chance at winning lotto, casino games, and other chance based stuff, may also affect the speed on the race. I'm not sure what changes it though, as it seems erratic, do something good, goes up, do something good, goes down."
76561198051518182,Recommended,274310,16409298,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Jon,"Nice game.  There were a lot of suprising decision options to come up.  Got the ""good ending"" on the first try but going to try again for some others.  Boxed a dog"
,Recommended,274310,12960727,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,BUckENbooz,"This game is great! You have to like these type of games though to say its a good game. You have to like the classic RPG pixal games. As far as the story, its really good. If you like games with freedom of choice, this is it."
,Recommended,274310,11039371,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,ÆpEEK!,"If you're looking for a single-player game with a great story, choices, consequences, good graphics that even a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pc can handle, a phenomenal soundtrack and also something that goes all out with throwing some offensiveness and some (but not a lot) of challenge, fun, and sheer awesomeness at you then get this game."
,Recommended,274310,23046801,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,lrgrad1,bought it for a dollar. Interesting enough story. Wouldn't pay any more for it though
76561198039548285,Not Recommended,274310,24223541,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Allie,I'd recommend buying this game if it's on sale. Otherwise you might want to wait. The game is latently linear. It plays sort of like a visual novel.
76561198136886006,Recommended,274310,24377972,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Hobojohnny,"You're always poorEveryone is terribleYou get to eat foodYou poop everywhereYou poop onto a guy's car (also, maybe the guy)There's a cat named HotdogYou buy a wedding dress then don't get to use itThe last thing I did in the game before beating it was masturbate three times in the shower.It's OK"
,Recommended,274310,33439640,Posted: 10 July,all,YuMOO,Get it. You wont regret it
,Recommended,274310,27636667,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,BlackListEDz,Master Piece
76561198058664254,Recommended,274310,10517872,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Jman10trex,This game is an interesting subject on if you should get it or not because while it is so interesting it sucked me in for 8 hours on my first play session i later was scared to play it again because the game made me feel mentaly unstable right after i finished playing it i had strange visions of the dog from tom and jerry except he was green and had 3 heads so if that sounds appealing to you go ahead and get it
76561198081154494,Recommended,274310,12686145,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,My Nama Spooch,Great game with hard choices. One of the few times I've truly felt bad over a choice in a game.
,Recommended,274310,10197939,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Barnacles,I only regret this not coming out sooner :D
,Recommended,274310,10272425,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Animal Meat,I sucked a guy's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥for a place to sleep for the night.10/10
,Recommended,274310,34097169,Posted: 7 August,all,horsiebby`,rlly great game rlly good rlly nice
76561198044758390,Recommended,274310,10211891,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Roxyy2,"I am absolutley in love with this game, this is truly a game of moral choice and all the grey areas in between. You often finding yourself weighing whats right versus what will make you happy, and even then theres no promises it'll work out.The game is surprisingly fun and addicting considering most of the game has you collecting money to pay your rent or buy a bus ticket, and watching the little numbers tick up and seeing my charecter do well felt really rewarding (104 boxes red! ONE-OH-FOUR!) Theres also a fair bit of replay value as the choices you make can completely alter your story, you'll definatly get your moneys worth if you like this sort of thing.I really recommend this game to anyone who loves a good story thats not only funny, but hits you right in the feels with every choice you make."
,Not Recommended,274310,32212298,Posted: 5 June,all,cutiepato,"It gets boring. I had high expectations of this game, but alas it's boring. Disappointed. No engagement. You're kinda just being dragged into the story."
94430682461048766,Not Recommended,274310,24690064,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,󠀡,"I bought this so I could play along.By play along, I mean cause I saw Cryaotic play it.Truth be told, by plaing this game I learned a lesson.And that lesson is,let the YouTuber who makes $100's of dollars,Buy the bad games.I. Genuinly dont remember to much about this game.What I do remember, is it ends with the Dev's circle jerking eachother.And also, Your choices dont matter. I think. Something like that.It's all one big game about going to a wedding where(SPOILERS AHEAD)Your best freind is marying your Ex.Which is supposed to be heart breaking or something.I couldnt play past then, Specifically because I wiped my computer clean.But what the hell is this. Really. It's survival, Story. No ♥♥♥♥ing joke. Survival, Story.You have to fish for food, and find a place to sleep. Just to play. So its a nuissence, with a story."
,Not Recommended,274310,28846676,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,TheRedProdigy,"Always Sometimes Monsters had an interesting story, but the actual playthrough of the game to GET the story was no where near worth it. This could've been moderately enjoyable as some other form of narrative -  a novel or a movie, maybe? - but this platform was definitely not optimal. Can't recommend the game even on a sale. Read a synopsis for the story."
,Not Recommended,274310,33235876,Posted: 4 July,all,nimbyest,"Quite boring story, with lackluster gameplay and characters you really can't relate with."
76561198023968055,Recommended,274310,31265915,Posted: 20 April,all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,One of the most personal games I've ever played. If you haven't played this gem I highly recommend it. Also I'm a big fan of the soundtrack.
,Not Recommended,274310,10350486,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,birdbrain5,"every choice the game presents you with has little to no impact later, aside from how much money you have to spend."
76561198045519255,Not Recommended,274310,13144982,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,shigad,have ALMOST nothing it's trailer says it is having.does ALMOST nothing it's trailer says it is doing.watch a gameplay before you buy.
76561198063020445,Not Recommended,274310,10327500,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Potato Jesus,"If you want to become horrifically depressed by a game and learn a little about how much life sucks and will screw you over, this game is for you."
,Recommended,274310,12132323,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Apoc,"Really interesting concept, I was expecting a visual novel but it's almost an rpg. A few things could be improved but the story and characters are pretty interesting.There also seems to be a few different choices that can change the story and scenes you will encounter."
76561198128713938,Not Recommended,274310,10487788,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Bad Vibes Radio,Ugh.
76561198015771542,Recommended,274310,10213648,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,ViperWolf,"Before I get into the review, I will try to spoil as little as poosible about the story. There will some MINOR SPOILERS, but I will mostly refer to the begining of the game, but ever so vague. Well, let us begin :)Story: You are a character that has his/her life is in shambles and loses his/her boyfriend/girlfriend after the prologue of the game. Soon enough, you recieve an invitation to your ex's wedding ceremony that will occur in 30 days. It is your job to go get your ex back. Or is it?Graphics: It's pixel art so what do you expect? Kidding aside, it suits the game quite nicely in my opinion.Music: I love the music so much. Many songs will repeat, but you will never get tired of it, at least I didn't.Gameplay: I did not say this before, but this game will not appeal to everyone because all you practically do is read. I see this game more as a Visual Novel rather than a game to be honest, but it is a really good one at that. There is a lot of text in the game, but with good reason. This game is all about choice. A lot of games that are out now have ""choices"" in them, but this has to be the best game to deliver choice thus far in my opinion (Yes I have played Mass Effect 1-3 and Witcher 1-2 and I love them both if that means anything). Every choice you make, whether it being in dialogue or in action, it carries weight. What I love even more are that these choices are very subtle. There is no moral meter, light/dark, or red/blue. All of the choices are grey and does not have a big sign showing ""Make big decision here!!""There are also various minigames to play to break the reading which are actually quite fun.Pros:+Story+Music+Gameplay+CHOICESCons:-Gameplay (I put it here twice because there is a lot of reading, but it didn't bother me)In all, I had a great time playing the game. I believe that it was worth the $10 (got it for $9 though). The story is very engrossing and can sometimes give you the feels. In the end, we are Always Sometimes Monsters.If you read this far, thank you because this was my first review and I carried 100 boxes Vagabond!!!!"
,Recommended,274310,10225587,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,p3restroika,"I have never written a game review before, but this game deserves one, so here we are.If you're put off buying this game because of its low price and the fact that it's the studio's first release - don't be. This game is absolutely fantastic in every single way. You end up becoming attached to your characters, and depending on the characters you choose the whole game just feels so much more emotional and intimate.Amazing story line, amazing soundtrack, amazing gameplay, amazing characters. Game of the year 2014."
,Recommended,274310,10237246,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,assume i am drunk,"When someone says ""This game has tons of choices"" I usually scoff it off, as I've seen games with seemingly tons of choices, but lead absolutely nowhere. Mass Effect, Fallout 3, and others like it are all victim to having choice systems with no consequences. Always Sometimes Monsters nails the choice thing in spades.It's set up like an old-skool rpg, with a top down view. No need for a mouse on this game, so if you're a laptop gamer with no mouse, check this out. I don't want to spoil anything, but you play as a person (you choose the gender, in a rather unorthodox, but pretty cool way) attempting to stop their true love from marrying the wrong person. This game is amazing, but the only flaw is in the temp. agency jobs. You can work at a temp agency to make money, but it gets tedious FAST. It's a small part of the game, but it does make me get bored easily, however, the inventive story and thoughtful storytelling pretty much makes up for that small flaw.In short: choice is weighted, buy this game if you're a fan of old-skool RPG-style games with tons of meta-humour and pop-culture gags."
,Recommended,274310,10466509,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Sky,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing Billiant Played throught the entire thing one sitting 100% replayability value 5 stars
,Recommended,274310,10253820,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Cosmic Engine,"Always Sometimes Monsters Review:http://youtu.be/jP79t_l3fqcAlways sometimes monsters is an indie RPG designed around choice and consequence. It's designed so that players can take a great number of diverging paths through the story and choices will have lasting effects on the story.Though it is an RPG in some form, always sometimes monsters is not about galiantly slaying dragons to save a princess in a mystical land. It is in fact set in modern day life and has no combat. Yep thats right no combat, the game is about living through the eyes of your chosen character, living in his or her set of circumstances. Essenatially is a game about the modern human experience and all the trails that it entails.When the game starts, you are at a party for Larry who appear to work at a book publisher. You first take control of larry and can talk to the people in his apartment, depending on who you toast with, this will become your main character. Once selected you take control of the main character and head out onto the patio where depending on who you talk to will determine your other half and ultimately your sexuality. After this point the characters all toast with larry after he offers to sign you up to publish your book that is a work in progress.The game then skips to one year later and you find yourself in your run down apartment, broke, single and owing your landlord $500 rent which you must somehow find by the end of the day or risk eviction. Its clear early on that everything has gone horribly wrong for you so your first task is too not get evicted and so you head out to find some work. As the story progresses, you find out the reasons why your in the position your in now, why the love of your life left and some important meaningful twists along the way.The gameplay is limited in the game you have the ability to move and interact with objects thats it. There are various mini-games in the game that range from playing video games in the arcade to the processes involved in the various jobs you may encounter. Each day includes a morning, afternoon and night cycle. You will have limited time during the day to accomplish tasks, usually the time will progress after you have done a certain task for example should you go to a job in the morning, once you finish it will be afternoon. The day night cycle is also important for certain events, an example of this is if someone is meeting you at night, should you miss this appointment you won't get a second opportunity. The last major gameplay element is stamina, your character has a stamina bar that can be refilled with food and drink, it's important to keep your stamina up especially if you end up sleeping rough in the streets or you may not survive the night.The game can be very tedious at times, it can be frustrating and annoying. The limited gameplay and controls can take it's tolls, as can real life. While it is frustrating and tedious at times once your involved with the characters and story it becomes irrelevant. There's so much to experience in the game that the lack of gameplay and ultimately variety doesn't matter.The games content deals with multiple social, domestic and financial issues. Even right at the beginning of the game your tasting desperation. Love issues,  money issues, unemployment and more are right at the beginning of the game. The experience of the situations you come across in the game will resonate with you personally. Many people including myself have encountered many forms of desperation in life. Depending on your choice of character, race and sexuality in the game will also change things too. You will encounter racism, prejudice and more."
,Recommended,274310,22840942,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,maudibawakemana,I stole the money from devs. Game over.Would stole the money from devs again. Lol.Great game anyways 10/10
,Recommended,274310,10204205,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Zas,11/10 would play again and again. multiple choices probably? many secrets. LIFE !!
,Recommended,274310,10201972,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Luk7nk4,"One powerful story. The game lets you choose to be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ or a good guy. Or anything in between, nothing is black and white.If you like drama then give this game a go. Be warned though, it plays more like a life sim and not a jrpg. There's no combat, only lots of choices to make."
,Recommended,274310,10205613,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,AmonRe,"This game is amazing. After 90 mins of gameplay, this game asked me such a moral question that literally made me stop playing, exclaim ""wow"", and then spend the next 30 mins thinking about which of the two choices to pick as my answer. Not only that, but it sparked up a conversation between a few friends as to how to answer such a question.There's no right or wrong answer, but wow did it make me stop and think.12/10 stars. This game is brilliant."
76561198070896205,Recommended,274310,10205027,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Razo 17,Beautiful
76561198079715797,Recommended,274310,10198495,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,GrannyGamer1,Really enjoying this game.  Can already see where the choices you make create different story lines that will add to the replayability of it. Controls are a little clumsy but you get accustomed to them in time.  A worthy purchase even without physical combat!
,Recommended,274310,29351724,Posted: 19 January,all,SlaterDies,Rated R version of Stardew Valley with less grinding. Approve!
76561197984450477,Not Recommended,274310,14535433,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Erlioth,"Bad art, rpg maker gameplay, minigames to make money arent fun, storyline isnt interesting or plausible, sound is repetative/rpg maker qualitya few interesting decisions that other rpg maker games dont dostory is predictableforces you to get lucky at gambling (savescum) or get worse/different ending. game mechanic of having money to do event isnt rewarding or interesting"
76561198065440016,Recommended,274310,10213388,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,lelky93,"Such game, much wow.. Really enjoyed this one!"
76561198086891708,Recommended,274310,10245153,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,StryderWest,got turned down at a wedding9/10
76561198051837910,Recommended,274310,11019945,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,y_doucet,This game is so deep it made me rethink my entire existence!!!10/10I have to give it a second run right now!
,Recommended,274310,13953510,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Pancakes and waffles,love the game. u like cod u wont like it. to slow for u.lol
,Recommended,274310,10225130,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,bvbblepop,I stopped a guy from committing suicide and slaughtered some pigs for cash. I love the depth  of choice/consequence this game presents you. Pocket $50 or get yourself invited to a three-some? Invest in bacon-sandwiches or help your friend break away from his cocaine addiction? Always Sometimes Monsters is a fun game.
76561198069553770,Recommended,274310,10232286,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Burning Arrow,This game is personally one my fav cuz of all the choices u have to make that cause something else to happen insted of this and the many ending are kool to i cant stop playing this game its just so fun
,Recommended,274310,10257677,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,ParadoxHoax,"Always Sometimes Monsters is a beautiful experience, though beauty does not always mean pleasant or fun or joyful. This is a great story that is a rare experience that actually had me reflecting on my real life. A crowning achievement in the ""can games be art?"" argument."
,Recommended,274310,10214446,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Sayie,"I quite like this game, it seems like an oddly fun life simulator down to the boring♥♥♥♥♥jobs. It manages to keep me smiling through some of the dumb moments or falling asleep moving boxes from one side of the room to the other, but it is worth it. Probably not a game for everyone sadly."
,Recommended,274310,10219830,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,NzA.Kadams,"This game will give you feels that you just don't want to have. It'll leave you in suspense, as well as make you think at work about how you just want to get home and fix your ♥♥♥♥ up of a life."
,Recommended,274310,10220595,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Zolamee,TOO MANY FEELS!!! D:
,Recommended,274310,10228456,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,RigorousMortuus,"This game is a beautiful work of art.It near paralleled so many aspects and experiences of my own life that I grew attached to it very quickly. The events in the game stayed with me for days after each play session until I completed it, and I have no doubt will continue to be in my thoughts long after.Any game that makes a person seriously think about themselves and their choices out of sheer emotion and personal relation, is something extremely special and worth playing. Any complaint I would have had, by the end, is too miniscule to even mention.10/10"
76561198069453028,Recommended,274310,10239291,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,tw1sted,The trailer made it look better than it actually is. but it is still a fanastic game. Brimming with choice and consequences. It is all built around how you play the game. I would have liked it to be longer but it is definitely worth your money.
,Recommended,274310,10256581,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Beggin Bill,"This is a damn awesome game with a damn awesome story. Each game is tailer made to the player, its outstanding."
,Recommended,274310,10257868,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,[Wolf] Kalreborn,"Always Sometimes Monsters is a fantastic, narritive-driven game where it feels like your decisions actually impact the story.  However, this feels like more of an adventure game than an RPG being that there is no actual character advancement.The mini-games are subpar (but they are only mini-games, after all) - but they are, unfortunately, occasionally required.  In fact, a particular mini-game can bog down progression temporarily until you master it (or guess your way through it).  However, the actual story narritive is great, and you'll want to talk to every person you come across to uncover both humor and drama that are thickly spackled around the story of the actual protagonist - your protagonist.So many decisions littered so liberally throughout the game and several ways the game can end lend to a good amount of replayability - in fact, you'll probably find yourself playing the game repeatedly just to see what might happen if you choose to behave a different way, or assist different people."
,Recommended,274310,10258780,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Eli,Made tofu for three hours and only made 100$. 10/10
76561198108548984,Recommended,274310,10285031,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,~badwolf~,BEST GAME EVER 11 OUT OF TEN!
76561198045553913,Recommended,274310,10299098,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Aviad,Need to play this game!
,Recommended,274310,11210692,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,KateLateral,"Good game, lots of different paths to choose from. Each path doesn't always take you the way you'd expect though."
,Recommended,274310,10214508,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Aiizaku,"So this is a game that will take you on a fun adventure then make you quetion your own personal moral and ethical judgement on life lol. It is pretty deep and  very addicting, you very much begin to have an attachment to the character you choose and the people they connect with. If I would give it a comparison it is kinda like if the game Lisa and Earthbound had a child. Like Lisa there is a griddy dark kind of reality and resolute yet like Earthbound, it tries not to take it's self TOO seriously with some very witty and quirky writing, mini adventures with a rated M contemporary enviroment. This is one of those unique type fo games I think you will only see come around once in a blue moon so don't look this over."
,Recommended,274310,10217066,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Kraey Stark,The game is really good and it made me do reaaaally bad things.I give it a 10/10 good job!
,Recommended,274310,10224654,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,thotnate,"I was not expecting how good this game was. I bought it because i wanted a nice indie game with a story line i can play, and it was in popular. I was shocked with how fun this game was definitely get it, its all about choice and the whole story line can change in many ways"
76561198022215354,Recommended,274310,10236161,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,lethal ape,"Just like a choose your own adventure game, but with more drugs you can't do."
,Recommended,274310,10236681,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,MrCraine,"Never have I had a game that hit so many emotions. You cant help but fall in love with this simple game. Always Sometimes Monsters drives home the nature of being human. Falling in love, losing that love and making the ultimate sacrifice for the one you love. With a memorable supporting cast and many differant paths to travel, it will leave wanting more, or at the least look for a happoer solution. But, this game is far from a happy solution. Just like in life, your decisions will hurt someone. Even if you don't know who they hurt."
,Recommended,274310,10286252,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,NewSerena,"Outstanding.There were some flaws, and some very tricky parts but other than that. I really enjoyed this game."
,Recommended,274310,10290696,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,ApolloQuinn,"Cracking game, really shows you how little it takes to make an excellent game - it's not about the graphics, it's not about the killstreaks, all you need to draw someone in is a good idea and a well-told story."
,Recommended,274310,10297472,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,ChocolateLapin,"Really fun game. It really gives you the oppurtunuties to make your own choices through out the game. I would recommend this game to anyway who loves story based, rpg-maker games!"
76561198073414072,Recommended,274310,10214322,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Westonian_Democracy,This game ripped my heart out and stomped on it. on multiple occasions. highlty recommended.
,Recommended,274310,10215177,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Commander_Ryuk,"Love the game but it could use a option menu, for music and sfx gets bit loud at times and maybe option fix full screen i cant get out of being small window and full screen not realy full so ya be great you guys put that in next update. Love the game i recommedn it to everyone."
,Recommended,274310,10231636,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,AkharaKeth,"Great Game, it's like a double edged sword though:Starts off as a great morality tester: Seeing what you would do in certain situationsThen hits you as a morality taser: Showing you the reprocutions of choosing wrong.10/10 Will be playing through again"
,Recommended,274310,10232688,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,TheScaryTootsie,"I love this game!!!! is AWESOME , its a very realistic game and gives you the option to make whatever you want with your friends and bosses ;) i love it"
76561198048554216,Recommended,274310,10233688,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Nutter,The best story ever told at gunpoint.
,Recommended,274310,10237673,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,SereneIntensity,"Unique narrative story game. For those interested in story-based gameplay, this is incredible. If not, there are not very many things that will cater to your interests, other than some sweet pixel art. I loved the entire game, and will avoid spoiling the benefits and surprises in this review.Also, the soundtracks are really vintage and catchy!"
,Recommended,274310,10249598,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,tedturtle21,"If you like games where the main character isn't some happy go lucky guy or super soldier from the future then this game is for you. You are in control of a main character who isn't clear cut good or bad and the choices you make aren't always so simple to make. Do you ruin another person's life to save another person life? Do you object taking a reward or do you take more than what someone says you can take? Do you stab someone in the back to get ahead or let your own life crumble to make someone else happy? The game often asks those kind of questions and expects you to answer. If you can accept that not every story has a happy ending then you probably can embrace this game cause chances are you probably won't get the ""Good Ending"" on the first try but if you keep trying you should be able to. The story and the journey to find out how the end plays out are part of what makes this a good game and a different experience from other games out there.I like how the game allows you to choose the main character and love interest in a way that isn't as simple as click this box for male or this box for female. Also this game does allow you to have same sex couples too for those that don't want to play as the straight couple. I wish there was a way to customize your character but there are a few varieties to choose from. For some of the major characters you can see their motivations and see the reasoning behind some of the things they do for better or worse as the game goes.Some of the games drawbacks are that there doesn't seem to be a run button(You will wish that you can run sometimes), the choices while sometimes in the grey area of right and wrong they don't always have positive or negative impacts on the world after the fact and don't make you like it mattered. Some of the choices do affect game though and in the end you have to answer for your choices and actions(Think last chapter of the Walking Dead videogame season 1) Some of the mini-games are fun and are nods to classic games(Like Frogger and Pac-Man)  however most of the jobs that you have do to earn cash are boring and repetive (I guess just like real life).For this price I feel the game is worth while and you will be playing this game for several hours to try get the good ending for you and your love. Just be prepared to know that people are always sometimes monsters."
76561198025487338,Recommended,274310,10283829,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Hank Hill,Spent 30mins loading a truck with boxes 10/10!!!!!
76561198077555035,Recommended,274310,10296540,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,superbia.rook,"This, my friends, is an absolutely fantastic game. It's hard to talk about it without spoilering, I need to admit that, so I intend to keep it spoilerfree yet tell you ""enough"" about it.What do I pay for?What you get is a game made with the famousRPG-Maker- in whatever version. For those who don't know: That means the graphics are not highest standard. Though I have to say that this game has an amazing menu structure compared to what most RPG-Maker games have. It's not standard and you can see that the developers of the game put much, very much effort into it. They really tried to provide us, the players, with all necessary information and give us tough choices to make.It's the little thingsTalking to people. Usually if you speak with an NPC they have one line and repeat themselves constantly if you try talking to them again. Here they have acouple of lines they say- which is very refreshing! There'ssidequests, LOADS ofminigames- some of which I don't get but that's just me. Additionally to that, the characters havepersonality. They have a background. And most of the characters - mostly those for that you can do something - have an avatar. Now if you know RPG-Maker games, that usually means it's a little square with a face, right? Not here. Nope. They let artists help them and they did a splendid job! The characters have not the usual totally exaggerated facial expressions, they have a body. You usually get to see people from head to mid-thighs. That adds to the atmosphere of the game, absolutely.Oh. Right. And you canchoose what gender you want to play and what gender your partner shall have. You can choose from about - what - ten people? Let's say ten for your main character andanotherten for your partner!The main storyItis a lovestory, yes. But the game doesn't define itself by the lovestory. It's all thechoicesthat come across your way, all the possible ways to solve your problems and piling up more problems as you go. It's watching a character who grows close to you with which you identify over timegetting past obstacles to find his/her way. I played the main story mostly and I've been very well entertained through it. I can't say there would've been a moment in which I felt bored in that game and that - for me - is something special.Something about the romance - don't read if you don't want to get spoilered at least a LITTLE:The romance felt a bit flat. The characters fell in love too quickly and the ending was pretty aprupt, I got to admit that. But it's not bad, because if you want to play a game where you go on dates and feed each other chocolate, play a dating simulator.Bottom lineLong story short? Buy the game. It's amazing, it's fun and I felt like I finally paid for a game again in a suitable amount for what I get from it. And I might add: I don't like to buy games at high prices (high beginning at >25€). You get minigames, you get a lovestory, you get choices to make, you get to think about consequences more - it's fun. Do it."
76561198022066412,Recommended,274310,10314913,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,finchy198818,Fantastic! Really enjoyed it.
,Recommended,274310,12309538,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,downphoenix,"This is an excellent game. I know, it's made in RPG Maker, how could this be? But it is, it really is."
,Recommended,274310,16176827,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Duraldo,Please give David Cage a tutorial on choices/10
76561198015322026,Recommended,274310,10213098,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Jskrilz,i watched a guy smoke weed out a bong by looking in a keyhole
76561198087803831,Recommended,274310,10218482,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Krackers,So I just bough this game the other day. And I must admit it is very interesting. This game is heavily focused on story. I have seen so far one choice which can change the outcome of the story I could have eitherTalked a character called Jack out of commiting suiced or talk to him and not be able to stop him from doing it. If he doesnt commit suicide you get a free bus ride :DOverall this game is very good but there are some things that kinda I wish were implemented.In this game I found myslef lost at some points. Not knowing where to go what to do. Eventually something happend but it took a while to figure out what to do. Also there is no mute button for the music/soundfx's which I would like alot as I would like to have something of my playing in the background or no in game music so I can skype with friends.Overal this is a good game but feels empty at times. It would be better if there was a mute button though and the little box for a screen feels kinda odd to me.I would give this game 9.5/10 I really think a mute button should be a feature.This game is worth a buy.
76561198038948355,Recommended,274310,10225657,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,1-800-Tardis-Repair,Just finished first playthrough. Starting second. This was one of the best games I've ever played. VAGABOND DOGS! ADD SOME DLC!!!! OR A SEQUEL!!! 30/10
76561198059389864,Recommended,274310,10229533,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Berryman117,"An amazing, thought-provoking game based on the consequences of choices we make everyday. Surely a memorable game."
76561198055528037,Recommended,274310,10231794,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Ownificate,"****THIS REVIEW WILL HAVE MINOR SPOILERS*****TL;DR. Buy it, its good.Always Sometimes Monsters is all about choice. Will you be a nice guy/gal to everyone you meet, or will you steal  and cheat your way through? A basic plot synopsis would be you are a struggling writer who is kicked out of your apartment the day before you get a wedding invitation from your ex girl/boyfriend. You make it your mission to get to the wedding and jumpstart your career, but what you do along the way, and what happens when you get there, is up to you.It has a really cool intro in picking your character. You will talk to a bunch of people at a party, and whoever you choose to take a drink with is your character. The same idea goes for your love interest. It has a very Pokemon-esque or RPG Maker like art style, one that I quite enjoy.But it also has some very annoying mechanics. There is no mouse based support, all actions must be done through the keyboard. There is gamepad support, but I don't have one and therefore cannot comment on it. But to me a PC game where I can't use my mouse is really frustrating. Scaling the screen is also bugged right now. I could scale my screen down to a small resolution, but if I wanted it to go back, no amount of F6 would make it so unless I restarted. There are also typos and accidents galore in the text. For example, one time it called the same person a man and a woman, in the same line of dialogue.But this game has plenty of positives. The choices you make in this game are everywhere. You never know how important a choice is, but it is amazing how much choice you really have. It mostly does boil down to a simple Fate system similar to a Fable-like morality, but quite enjoyable none-the-less. This bonanza of choice also means a replay is almost necessary. I loved seeing the different results my second time through. On my first blind playthrough it took about 10 hours, and I have played through it twice so far, and have no plans to stop now, despite the problems. Music and the soundtrack were nothing to write home about, and there is only around 6-7 songs, little to no sound effects, and no voice acting at all.PROS AND CONS+ Choice. It is what this game is all about, and they did a great job with it. There is at least three endings, and almost assuredly more.+ Characters. While what you and your love interest look like is up to you, what you decide changes how people react to you. I was a lesbian couple in the first play and lots of people were uncomfortable with it in the game. Just a nice touch.- Mechanics. As already described, this game could absolutely use some more time in the oven and smoothing of some edges. Lots of typos, and annoying systems.OVERALL: 8/10. For only 9 or 10 dollars, this is a great pickup. But just be aware that at least as I am writing this, there are some problems that I hope get fixed."
76561198045132088,Recommended,274310,10232877,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Mr Suffix,"Finished my first playthrough, and I have to say, I'm sad. This game made me hurt.Now that that's out of the way, on to the actual review.The game is split into several different towns that you move through on the way to win back your love. There is no tutorial, the game drops you into the world and immediately starts throwing punches, left and right. You get kicked out of your apartment and learn that your love is marrying someone else at the end of the month. The atmosphere of desperation is palpable as you struggle to rustle up enough cash for a bus ticket, though that's not the only way to get to San Verdano...In terms of actual gameplay, Always Sometimes Monsters doesn't really offer much. The job missions tend to be repetitive and tedious - whether or not this was an intentional choice I'm unsure, but it certainly reflects the boredom such tasks would inflict in real life! The side missions that actually provide a modicum of entertainment value cost money and generally provide no reward for their completion. These, however, pale in comparison to the most glaring flaw in the entire design: the boxing minigame. In order to take a high road, you must complete this four-part debacle - it took me five days. There is no way to definitely win any given boxing match, as it is essentially a six-piece rock-paper-sickle game and you have to guess what sort of punch or dodge your opponent is going to use. Foes have tendencies, but don't always stick to them, so you can still be KOed due to a random anomaly.These things aside, I was wrapped up in my journey across the country. The story pulled me in and made me feel for my character, tugging me further down the road - and here is where I found a flaw in the diamond, as it were: The journey felt so urgent and important that I hardly felt able to stop and look left or right. I often found myself with downtime between main quest missions, but side activities that didn't feel tedious and trite were difficult to find. The few times side missions were hinted, such as running into a frustrated woman at city hall and then again at the drug store, I couldn't figure out how to progess any further. The rest of the game felt bare-bones, without much content beyond the main quest.Despite how negative this review looks, I would recommend this game - for the price and the experience, this is a worthwhile investment. The ending offers the opportunity for flawless victory and crushing defeat, and sadly, for me, mine was crushing defeat. To play this game, I think you need to not view it as a game, and instead try to step into the shoes of your character. Emphasis on the RP in RPG."
,Recommended,274310,11018891,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,the trash collector,"I'm a few hours into this game, and I haven't completed it yet. Just a little disclaimer about the review.[THIS REVIEW MIGHT CONTAIN SPOILERS]Basically, Always Sometimes Monsters puts you in the shoes of someone who is basically struggling to live above the poverty line after losing everything that made them truly happy - best friend, lover, job, all of it. Your job is to guide them through life and make choices for them that effect not only the life of your character, but the lives of those that surround your character as well.Because the game tries to reflect life itself, parts of it get tedious and boring. That said, this game is very ambitious, and it has a few little meta jokes, which I liked. Always Sometimes Monsters has no right or wrong choices - this is not a game about the black and white parts of life, but the grey. You make a choice believing it's the ""right"" one, but the next thing you know because you didn't make a different choice, the♥♥♥♥♥♥s hitting the fan. This is the kind of depressing existentialism you will find in this game - definitely NOT for everyone, but interesting and ambitious for a game nonetheless.The game's concept is great, the ability to choose not only your gender but also your race and sexuality is an ambitious feature rarely seen elsewhere, and it adds an element of circumstance creating situations where even if you make all the ""right"" choices (or what you believe to be the right choices), someone will still have something to say, and your avatar's path will still change. The game is able to evoke an emotion, which is a bonus. If a game can make me actually FEEL something, that's when I know it's really a great game.Just as with life, Always Sometimes Monsters has it's ups and downs. But nonetheless, it's a great game, and worth a shot, especially considering the price (10 dollars usually, but right now it's on sale for 7.50) You will get bored. You might get sad. You might want to give up entirely. But the game is clever, thought-provoking, and ambitious, and that might just make it worth it. If you think this is your kind of game, it probably is."
76561198120365698,Recommended,274310,21166661,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Rim job master,Please don't tell my friends that I bought this game.
,Recommended,274310,12933460,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Corpsman HM1 Mal P. Ractice,"There will definitely be monsters, maybe.10/10"
,Recommended,274310,13627239,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,KriticalKat,"After playing the game a little bit I must say it is fun, it does annoy me that this WAS made in RPG maker but every detail is very polished and it has a long storyline. I do highly disagree with the $10 pricetag which is why I got it for $5 on sale. Even though the game is amazing and all I just suggest that you pay atleast $5 or under."
,Recommended,274310,10216563,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Stanners,This is honestly one of the best games i have ever played. Buy it. 10/10
,Recommended,274310,10223365,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,algchoo,"I wasn't sure what to expect when I bought this game. It looked fun. I have only played through this once and I was blown away. It was a fantastic game and it was a brilliant story. You have everything...you lose it all, but if you want it back...that is your choice alone. HAVE FUN!"
76561198063014313,Recommended,274310,12167284,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Squirrel Winchester,
76561198128469633,Recommended,274310,23309240,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,theedenstate,Yes.
,Recommended,274310,31863273,Posted: 20 May,all,JamesTheCoyote,good story
,Not Recommended,274310,33651304,Posted: 19 July,all,johnwilliampolidori,"What I like about this game is that it is a real choice-and-consequence kind of game. And it is kinda fun at times. I still can't recommend it though, certainly not for $10. You spend endless amounts of time going back-and-forth from places and some of the mini-games are really f*cking tedious. I also spotted several typos/missing words in the dialogue which tells me the developers really didn't put that much effort into this."
,Recommended,274310,34228051,Posted: 13 August,all,Wolvesfires,Good.
76561197983168747,Recommended,274310,10387247,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Chiro,"well, i am not done yet with this game but, it really got me into it =3peoples which love this kind of games and like it to get into the character, feeling with the characters etc. will really love this game.its full of choices and ... sometimes have you to make really really hard decissions. i could name now some examples but that would spoil some stuff. the game gets really onto you and ... i guess when others would watching you playing this game and you choose everytime really honest what you would do would it show for them how you might act in real life aswell in certain situations.well that is the really good and amazing part, the devs did a good job here. they show really good how life can go worse or ... maybe runs good.but now the flaws.-there are ... sometimes some grammar mistakes like ... a missing letter (well its most of the time a missing letter) it happens not often but its there, well no game is perfect~ x3-there was a situation where my character asked a girl ""are you gay?"" and the girl responded with ""no"" .... uhm ^^ ok? so she likes girls? idk but she had suddenly a crush on me so uh yea. but i guess that was my fault cause i choosen at the beginning a different character pair and changed my mind. maybe i messed something up xD-sometimes know you not what to do at all .... and ... you run without a goal arround. if you dont know that you can skip some daytime on the couch are you screwed xDso~ overall (even if not yet finished but i will finish it for sure cause the story really catched me ^^) give i the game a first impression of 8/10 =3 (just 2 points - cause of the few flaws but yea ... no game is perfect =3)"
,Not Recommended,274310,12768765,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Putifari,"Quit, purchase ""To the Moon"" or something similiar yet better, play it instead. Enjoy!"
76561198042912608,Recommended,274310,12682048,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Laura,A fantastic game that will make you think about life and all the major decisions you mad in your lifeThe game is about you and the choises you make to advance in life some decisions will result in death and other will not.WARNING: this game is not for weak people. this game handles the life of harsh people and is not suited for immature people
,Recommended,274310,12686264,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Tjdog99,"Always Sometimes Monsters is a great game that focuses on the decisions we make in life and what we become because of those decisions. It has great music, great art and an awesome story.I really enjoyed this game and would reccommend it to other people who enjoy a good story. :)"
76561198091763944,Recommended,274310,10206228,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Thulean,"Helped a group of Anarchists♥♥♥♥♥♥on some guys car, then killed him with a satellite dish.10/10"
,Recommended,274310,10218512,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Naruchin ☆,"A dude got killed because of swag and I avenged him.That aside, this is a really nice game and I recommend it.I really liked the mechanics--the hustling. I see the game as a moral playground: you're free to apply whatever morality and ethics you want in the safe environment of a fictional world, and see how that turns out.Of course the game gives you a goal, and there is where it gets itchy. The game assumes you care about the goal. I didn't, despite the various flashbacks. Nevertheless, I got the message clear."
76561198047510755,Recommended,274310,10194261,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Jesjes,i stumbled across this game looking for something new to ignite my gaming spirit and this is it. the story of being down on your luck and life kicking you in the face given the choice to do bad things or take your lumps and continue on. i have yet to finish this game and already i can tell that its gonna be a game that makes me cry tears of happiness when someone i care about in game dies. games that tug at your emotions are rare the music fits so well to any and every situation in the game. i know few will read this or tell me im stupid but this is truely an amazing game id love to see another game like this
76561198027093293,Recommended,274310,12480690,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Roofstone,Having finally achieved the ending. I'd definitely recommend this. Nearly brought to tears of joy I was by the ending I got for myself through hard work and gambling.So thank you vagabond dog. I'll be watching for future projects!
76561198091635949,Recommended,274310,10203770,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,BamYurrDead,"I boo-hooed at the end! I was literally crying towards the end. I know I made some questionable choices, but in the end I chose to save my best friend who was on the high end of life while I dug in dumpsters for food. I wanted everyone to be happy in the end. I really loved the game and heart ached, it really did capture what we go through life and how our choices play our ending role. Thank you for creating this wonderful game."
76561198058161770,Recommended,274310,10199107,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Trusty Patches,"GG dev GG The game is solid, i think there might of been some stuff missing or it might be me being an idiot and missing them like when i did work for the Strip Club and he told me to come back aaaand he wasnt there..... i was starving and i needed money. but other then that 10/10 if your into Life Sims or just love making choices go on and play it, it's sad and funny at timesps 113 boxes.... i think"
76561197989274483,Recommended,274310,10203326,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,PseudoCaine,"Only played a few hours so far, but damn. This. Is. Good.There's honestly little to say aside from that. ASM is an extremely well written and harrowing journey, filled with an immense number of choices and an engrossing storyline (even if a little cliche, its pulled off so far that it does not matter). The choices sometime leave you stuck between ""but I *need* the money so badly"" and ""but..... I can't do that"" and I think it shows the quality of this game so well that those choices can be presented, and be hard to make.I can see myself playing and replaying this for some time yet. Well worth the £7 price tag. And please, Vagabond dog, keep makeing games like this."
76561198006044991,Recommended,274310,10206292,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,A Cool Fez,"It's kind of like The Sims, except sometimes you buy drugs for a cute Asian girl at a club, and she invites you over for a threesome, and then you steal $21 off of her coffee table and leave. 11/7, would play more."
,Not Recommended,274310,13236101,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Goldey15,Bad
,Recommended,274310,12871260,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,DIESEL,"ASM has to be one of my favorite indies ever. Great music, amazing story; this needs to be in you collection if you love indie games. Now I would go into full detail but I am lazy.  Here is a video to explain it all.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d8XZ2hxsxeE&feature=youtu.be"
,Recommended,274310,12870370,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Blender,"This is litteraly the best Pixel RPG i've played since the crooked man. This is worth every single penny. The choices feel real and you can cleary tell the developers tried on this game, I recommend if you like long interactive/choice games."
76561198031671775,Recommended,274310,10204944,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Wonderwall180,"I've certainly gotten my $9 worth from this game.  I've spent two days playing it and several hours thinking about it.  Much better value than the $13.50 I paid to see Godzilla.  Exploring is fun, all the choices are interesting, (I only wish there were more) and the subject matter gives your decisions a lot of weight.  I agonized over some of the things I had my character do in the game.  I'm already thinking about the choices I will make in my next playthrough.  There are frustrating moments, but they usually serve to advance the story.  Overall, if you want an RPG you can fall into for a few days and that will stay with you for awhile, Sometimes Always Monsters fits the bill."
,Recommended,274310,10197254,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Mogu-sama #purple,"A game about what we do when we are desperate, when we can't stand to not have something, when we are desperate, when we are lost. Emotionally captivating and philosophically engaging, easily one of the best games I've played."
,Recommended,274310,17564931,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,NTKP,always sometimes monstersis a unique rpg and narrative storytellingshould really give a chancethat was fun for me 10/10
,Recommended,274310,10797909,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,groovefactor,"Fantastic game. The character development and underlying themes and emotions make up for sometimes basic, albiet effective gameplay. Also, the game is made better by being able to play as whatever gender or sexuality you choose. (Something still lacking today)"
76561198108683841,Not Recommended,274310,10502085,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,funnyguy,Piece Of Garbage. Make a real game
76561197973236751,Recommended,274310,12502729,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Eolair,Strongly recommended! Fantastic story telling.
76561198048485907,Recommended,274310,10204276,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,spymanx,"POSSIBLE SPOILERSFirst off, I wish to say, I hate you,I hate the makers of this game, I hate whoever made this story, and game,I hate everythingI played this game three times, the first time, I played honestly, I wasn't trying to win.It ended poorly, it ended with me shedding not only my first tears, but my first sobbing sesion, over a video game.The second time, I played to win, I tried not to screw pepole over, but this time, I had a goal in mind, I relized that...lets just say that at the end, you have a choice, and the first time, I thought I choose poorly, because I choose what I would do, and it ended badly.The seconded time, I didn't relize that the ending would make me feel worse.The third time, I couldent even watch the ending knowing what happened next.This game will break youIt will make you careand it will destroy youand there will be no ""I woulden't do that!"" or ""That woulden't happen"" Because no mater what happens, this game ends on a note that will leave you frustrated, angry, and sad.Because we ARE Always, Somtimes, Monsters10/10(P.S. 101 Boxes moved.)"
,Not Recommended,274310,10565669,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,bestuP,"This game is awful. It felt like it was made by a 12 year old.Played 10 minutes, immediately regret purchasing."
,Recommended,274310,10197636,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Captain Rex,"It was a interesting and gripping tail that I had complete control over, there was no repeats no do overs, just cold hard choices and consequences. It kept me on the edge of my seat till the very end, it has some moments of comedy and other moments that knock you on your♥♥♥♥♥ I can see myself replaying it for a while to try and get the perfect ending that might never come."
76561198060322063,Recommended,274310,10193124,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Deadshot,"This game is quite interesting and definately made me laugh quite a few times! People may look at it in a negative sense. But it depends how you look at the game. What makes a game good? I think it's the fact that this game has so many options to choose from which gives it a lot of replay ability. This game made me do some pretty funny things. I gave a hobo a sandwhich. I recommend it, if you're the type of person into visual novels or like games with multiple choices and different endings. Overall in my book it's very fulfilling, so i'd say 10/10."
76561198035133903,Recommended,274310,10195746,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Mrs. Nesbitt,"Hello Harry, you'd enjoy this."
,Recommended,274310,10201846,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Hankenfurter,An absolutley incredible game
,Recommended,274310,10203227,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Smashkingpin,I beat the game only to get the crap end of the stick for being a good person but i love this non the less.
76561198042913113,Recommended,274310,12269745,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,caidicus,"I find it hard to get immersed in games that are story-centric, and this game is very much that.All the same, it's easy to tell, there's something special in this game, as the devs have put a lot of love into building a believable world filled with characters who say and do things that wouldn't be expected of sprites like these.It's a good game to snag, if you're looking for a story driven experience that provides surprises and lots of ""wtf?"" moments.Recommended."
76561197998197307,Recommended,274310,34769956,Posted: 5 September,all,Small dick; Fat tits,what?
76561198047965522,Not Recommended,274310,28176488,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,tfkcex,"there is taking pride of your work but there is also bushing your face with self-praising dialogues this game does the self-praise... also the writing on this game is like 2 high shcool kids trying to write a book without the skill to do it on one point is cute but most of the time it makes me want to pounch something in the faceif you like ""cute"" wirting story game this might be the game for you"
76561198046675266,Recommended,274310,15889070,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Dustin,"A very strange, different type of RPG game.You're given a ton of different choices/outcomes in the game depending on how you respond and what you decide to do in a short time limit.The story begins by choosing who the main character (Hero) shall be and their love partner.One year later, your partner leaves you on your own to deal with paying bills and dept that you cannot afford, causing you to live randomly on the streets, scavange anything you can and do any job possible for little money.There's more walking around and dialogue than there is action and anything worth making the game playable.Think of Pokémon, with more vulgar language, little confrontations, and no battles (or Pokémon for that matter) whatsoever.The only positive thing about this game is the very neat soundtrack which you can purchase as DLC.Not my type of game, very interesting though.I gave it my best and but wasn't drawn in.3/10"
,Recommended,274310,10277455,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,If U Seek Amy,-My name is Fairy Tale by the way. You are?-Horror Story
76561198133388057,Recommended,274310,10199675,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,[aCe]Sonata,"fun game.played hours of hours the last day.its a must get game for thoose who like someting unusal...dont take me wrong.. you get choices.not as much i would like tough...wish there was more uniqe story to different ppl you can choose..""atleast in my experience it the same""as the game state we all alike in source....so yes i think the game miss someting...its easyer to focus on the negative...overall its a good game who deserve atleast a honest try.also wish there was a difficult setting like 1 month-2months and more jobs etc.and mayby a new game plus etc.anyway hope we see some dlc or someting new in a update...its pretty straightforward in a sense..overall 5/6 from me.a great game..but lacs some in my eyes to get top score..guess we all are different...so what say you?"
,Not Recommended,274310,33575964,Posted: 15 July,all,avery chlorr,"This is the first game I've ever requested a refund on. While the premise is interesting and it seems initially promising, the lack of explanation for the controls anywhere meant I was never once able to save the game.However, this didn't prove to be an issue for me as I found no reason to continue. All of the character speak in the exact same slightly unrealistic fashion; the dialogue, for a story-driven game, stands out as unwieldy and often faux-intellectual - when NPCs weren't being absurdly hostile for seemingly no reason.The homophobia I encountered in the game was, however, unpleasantly true to life. As a gay person, I really don't want to encounter more of the same in video games - especially without any sort of judgement cast by the narrative on those who are homophobic. There was also a scene where a man pursued a very obviously drunk woman at a coat check job and no indication was given in narrative that this was creepy at all.In summary: poorly done ""figure it out as you go"", fake deep, and yet completely able to replicate real life dangers and bigotry faced without passing judgment on those that enact those things (even in the narrative). For a story-rich game, the writing is poorly done."
76561198077808520,Recommended,274310,10192649,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,LMG,"I've started a Let's play on the game you can get a feel for it from my video.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=46m5O68fIf4This game so far has exceeded every expectation I had coming in. From the retro feel, to the moral choices, to you sitting there debating to yourself afraid of the consquences of your own actions.You'll never know what life is going to throw at you next. Finally a game that really does make choices matter in even your little, minor decisions.I think this little sleeper indie hit will win many awards for sure. Would highly encourage to get it while it's on sale."
,Recommended,274310,12637579,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Mary,amazing!
76561198202022263,Not Recommended,274310,30314256,Posted: 4 March,all,Fallen Brony,"Not too sure what I saw in this game to be honest, the whole storyline was just.... plain, I brought this on offer so the price wasn't too bad at the time, I definitely wouldn't buy this game for the full price! I wouldn't even bother buying it when it's on offer!The tag 'Story Rich' is a complete lie and the ""Life changing decisions!"" aren't what I was expecting either.... I could go on with the negativity but i'll let you guys decide for yourselfthis is a bad game in my eyes 2/10"
,Recommended,274310,29795928,Posted: 8 February,all,Harley Roronoa,Great game
,Recommended,274310,10194036,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Grizzdrop,It took only a few minutes of looking this game over before I decided to buy. Hours later I finally turn it off so I can sleep. For the first time I named a character after myself... and now I will never look at teddy bears the same way again 0_o. I have a long road to walk still but I recomend this game to anyone who likes a good story.. especially ones they get to change as they go.
,Recommended,274310,10199373,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,mitch2161998,ASM is a great game fillede with a ridiculas amount of choice like who you choose to play as their sexual prefrence and their name all in a non tutorial way. This game will no spoon feed you and what you do can change what happens and the puzzles are not common but not easy to figure out. This game can make you do bad things and it will make you feel bad about them if you do. highly reccomended looking forward to everything this company makes in the future and if somehow the devs are reading this 101 boxes 101 god damn boxes.SPOILERS BELOW*spoilers* an example of a great series of choices is a man will invite you to his place which will lead to several choices which can save or kill a person which can get you out of the city but only if you handle a doctor in a certain way which will stop access to a vechle.
,Recommended,274310,12842087,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Seer,"This game is superb in every way. A great story, many interesting choices and consequences."
76561198086490239,Recommended,274310,10202888,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Ravenla,This game is amazing you should get it and sit dat butt down and play it!
,Recommended,274310,10224407,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Question Mark?,gud gaim
,Recommended,274310,10204439,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,AGAM,This game make me do bad things :DLove the gameplay.9.9/10
,Not Recommended,274310,23044621,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,dolphindrug,"This game caught my eye when I was searching for games similar to Life Is Strange.  It was only $3 or so, because there was a special for it.  I purchased that and the soundtrack together, thinking that it would be something decent.  I regret this purchase COMPLETELY.  This is one of the worst games I have played in my lifetime.  It was a huge waste of time.  Things were predictable, other stuff was blown out of proportion, and in reality you didn't get to make many choices/changes regarding your future.  The ending was horrible, and this game in general is horrible.  I would not suggest this to any of my friends or fellow gamers."
,Not Recommended,274310,15754084,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Neko-Nomikon,"It's a really bad game. Here's the reasons why.Game is written by some edgy person(s) and all the dialog sounds like an angsty teen wrote it.Revolves heavily around alcohol, promiscuous sex, drug use, murder and interracial relationships.Game has sex scenes of an old woman getting done from behind.Terrible music.No Steam overlay, or screenshot support.No setting menus.I've not played it much. But it's really disgusting."
,Not Recommended,274310,12473185,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,purfumy_funk,I was disappointed in how the creators had democratic liberal bias in many of the games decisions. Only worth playing through once.
,Not Recommended,274310,10476556,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Nevasol Ltd.,"Read, read and again read, for a plot that doesn't change much depending on your consequences. I'm bored of reading, gdr's of this type are not for me"
,Not Recommended,274310,32120892,Posted: 1 June,all,¼dead,"The problem with this game is the total lack of engagement. You actually are not in control of the character's life. You are railroaded through it. This is not even a game, per se, it is more like an interactive novel where you're a cuck who lost your girlfriend to your best friend, and then you decide to win the harlot back for some reason."
76561197996926460,Not Recommended,274310,10191376,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,BURNING PUSS-FILLED RASH,"Always Sometimes Monsters promised to be an original indie game full of conflict and human emotion....Instead, I spent about an hour just walking around aimlessly. The game is supposed to have a message, but it's so boring and plain looking that I'm not motivated to find out what it is.It kind of reminds me of Frank's Adventure on Newgrounds."
76561198049317876,Recommended,274310,19087804,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Dr Batman,"The choices you make in this game can make or break you and the struggle is real, and a bit convoluted at times but always fun! It's interesting to see where some choices can take you too.However,the addition of the game developers as side characters in the game sort of wasn't to my taste, it was a bit cheesy to be honest... But not so much that it'd spoil the fun.All in all, it'll get you into story rich pixel animated RPGs!"
76561198105513191,Recommended,274310,15884800,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Tardigrade,"Awesome indie game, simple but very deep IMO. It's all about choices, all about the journey. Great adventure pixel art game.Get a good idea of the game before though not for everyone. 8/10"
,Recommended,274310,19240790,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Sniper 00,"This game takes a philosphic aproach to live. It tells a story, a story about failed love, of the strugle of real life and hope. Every choice you make will make your character doomed or blessed. It's a brilliant game that fells like a wonderful drama movie. I would definitely recomend you to buy this game and let it touch you. It will make rethink your life and force you to be in sweet agony."
76561198119412090,Recommended,274310,30642062,Posted: 20 March,all,PeachiiPup,.
,Not Recommended,274310,19433866,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,LostGirlChan,"The game started off with a promising premise, but bad writing ultimately destroyed the game. The characters are very unlovable, there aren't enough development that makes you root for any of them; most of the lines they deliver are either cringingly corny or so hammy that makes you roll your eyes. The game throws so many errands at the player; it makes the gameplay very tiring. By the end of it, I just want the game to be over as I couldn't bring myself to care about it anymore.Lastly, for the love of all is good, GIVE THE OPTION MUTE THE REPETITIVE MUSIC."
76561198058719473,Recommended,274310,10282398,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Not Ethiopia,A beautiful game. I loved playing every second. Some choices were hard to make but its a real test of who you really are and if you really deserve the girl/boy..
76561198075000087,Recommended,274310,10282514,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Sorcerous Mike,"Always Sometimes Monsters is a little game about choice.At nearly every turn the player is put in a situation in which they must make a decision, and live with the consequences. Though the game wil always guide you through the key points, how and why you get there vary with each playthrough.The game also likes to test your morality. There are many situations in which you must decide who to screw over, or whether you're going to play dirty.The game is fairly short, taking only a few hours to get through, but considering the sheer number of choices (and multiple endings) it has extreme replayability.The game also has a rather unique way to pick ones charcter, and allows for you to play either sex and orientation.While having only presently played through twice, I look forward to trying to hunt down all the hidden details and possible outcomes in hopes of getting that Happy Ending.If I had to give a rating, 'twould be 4.5/5."
,Recommended,274310,10282656,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Not WaffleDino,This game is almost a simulater of life from changes to Life and to Death and things you don't expect may happenand things you might wan't to cause don't happen. It's a game of a dice rolling with diferent outcomes coming to your computer. Even people my age ( Im 12 yes don't insult me) can get into this game without even trying to. And even if you don't like it buy it for friend buy it for someone who does care that isn't losing there minds in generic FPS games just trust me someone will appriecate this game that you know it's like listing to the chillest song ever with that chorus blasting out in the middle than catching you by the feet after a massive and somehow in depth rollercoaster ride of an unprepetual limbo that will still get you stuck in situation you won't know how to handle because you've never been in that situation itself. Now even though I'm young and just have comprimised the love of great indie games like this belive me here this game ♥♥♥♥ing rocks.
,Recommended,274310,10285700,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,GothamsWorst.OG,Amazing game! Not too many times have I come across a game where the story pulled me in and my choices refelcted the out come. You make a character and then you really start to pull for that character hoping every choice you make will get you a step closer to your goal. I look forward to playing through this again to see if I can get the ending I wanted. My advice... make you decisions as if this was really your life. See how skewwed your moral compass is. Maybe you'll get alil insight on yourself even if this is a game. 10/10
,Recommended,274310,10238603,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Neosamurai,"I don't usually write reviews, but after finishing this game I felt like I had to.I've played a lot of games with morality systems and choices. While some have done a better job of making me feel the consequences of my actions, most are hit and miss.Always Sometimes Monsters manages to make every choice I make feel like I've made a real decision. And they all have consequences that I did not even think about before while I made them. From who I help to who I don't help, every thing I've done came back to haunt me, for better or for worse. Always sometimes monsters is one of those rare games that lives up to it's claims.I want to write this review without spoilers, which puts me in a bind for discussing the story. Egoraptor did a video once, where he emphasized the difference between telling a player about your game, and showing them how the game works through the actual gameplay. Through your journey, you don't have to be told how hard your character has it. You feel every inch that they struggle. You feel every bit of boredom, tedium and eventually the fear. You become invested in what you're doing and the game very rarely engineers a situation to make you feel bad. Every tragedy, every guilty pang is your fault and the game makes no attempt to pretend that it's not due to your actions. But the same goes for every triumph. Every success, every small victory is all because of you and what you have decided to do. It is the biggest guilt trip, but you honestly feel that warm fuzzy feeling when you do something honestly good.I heard the game described at one point as ""To the Moon mixed with Cart Life"". Those of you who've played both, as I have, can attest to this fact. It's an emotional rollercoaster full of hard choices and honestly, with no guarantee of success. I suppose this game is somewhat like life, which is the best thing I can think about this game. It's only 9 dollars at release, 10 dollars normally. If you have the money, then give this game a try. Or don't. After all, the choice is always yorus to make."
76561198066997911,Recommended,274310,10238895,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Nuclearjetpack,All of the fun of a cross country felony spree with the goal of ruining your ex's wedding with none of the pesky jail time or restraining orders.11/10 GOTY
,Recommended,274310,10317536,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Jobabob,"One of the most ambitious story driven adventures of recent times. Graphically simple but in many parts, well written. A series of hard choices (some, perhaps a little contrived) showing a quite startling reflection of yourself and how your choices affect others - refreshing in today's world of good vs evil game choice. Flawed in parts, but perhaps understandably given the amazing scope of this unique game, if you can look past its presentation you will have a memorable time with it"
76561198006111638,Recommended,274310,10382432,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,wolfspider,"I am not a monster, but sometimes, when I have no choice, I act like one."
76561198034198440,Recommended,274310,10384756,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Sitez,"Very unique experience for this type of art style. I was really happy to have experienced the story to this game, the story here leads your character lightly but allows you to make the major choices throughout the game. I made the mistake at the beginning of taking some of the choices for granted and just saying whatever would lead to the next paragraph. But, l feel that didn't matter because the story easily stayed fluid to my decisions and actions that made the experience fresh even with some of my evil and hurried decisions. If you like to sink your teeth into a well scripted and full open ended experience, this game will have you feeling satisfied with the experience it will offer you."
76561198010429902,Recommended,274310,10387485,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,ancientelder,"It reminds me of Shenmue, but without the kung fu and looks like a SNES JRPG. I've played through twice (and used a lot of saves) to get the different outcomes. It's a bit frustrating because evil tends to be in your face the whole time were as being a good guy requires thinking outside the box. Some would say that's like reality, but I don't remember any ♥♥♥♥♥y trailer park women offering to help me cut someone's brake lines before. It's a nice change of pace from the usual stuff I play, maybe it would be for you to?"
,Not Recommended,274310,10390216,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Noctune,"I really enjoyed Always Sometimes Monsters a lot up until around the 80% mark; the music, dialog and sense of exploration were all very well done. The choices are kind of a mixed bag, as much as I liked the different scenarios and branching I found that too many of them were just black and white moral choice.  In fact I can’t recall a single one where I had to sit there and think “Wow, what should I do?”; it was always “Yeah that’s the good karma, that’s the bad”.  Still I don’t view that as a true negative as the game is a blast even with binary moral choices.The main issues I had with the game are that I didn’t care at for the characters and the conflict that the story revolves around feels hollow.  For the characters; all of the key ones are kept in the background too much so you really don’t gain a connection to them.  Rather the game just tells you have a connection and leaves it at that.  The PC isn’t much better; I had hoped to play him more like myself but sadly you can select the action and never the tone.  Even playing the game as unselfishly as possible you're still going to come off as a jerk.I’m not going to spoil anything about the conflict but odds are you’ll see it coming by the second city (and see the ending coming even before that).Overall I had a great time playing the game up until the big reveal and from there I had to force myself to finish it.  If you’re the type of person who can play to a certain point and stop (and enjoy interactive stories) or ignore a percentage of a game then it's defineitly worth  a look.  But if you push through until the end there’s a chance you’ll came away from it unsatisfied. 6/10"
76561198102447536,Recommended,274310,10395962,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,loudog625,"This game. This is my first review of any of the 43 games in my library that I thought worth the review, it's that good. My only concerns were a couple very knitpickey things: automatic choice boxes when I'm flipping through text could cause me to choose things I didn't want like not writing in the journal, food was always my biggest concern and a lack there of caused me to die in my sleep(not to mention the prices and scarcity of money), those were my only concerns with the gameplay. Now the story. Holy Lord. I'm reminded of a tumblr post mentioning a game idea where the player had to make a series of choices thinking they were the hero, but as the game progresses the choices become harder and harder and the player realizes they were the bad guy all along. I set off to do the big hero choices and be the most nobel of men...nope. I started off pretty well making somewhat minor mistakes, then bigger ones. The biggest fault I can place is on no one but myself, because these were choices I thought I would make. This is a phenominal game that anyone with a taste for RPG's will love. A word to the wise though, be careful, stick to your own path, and above all, don't relate this to yourself and those around you in case you stray from your path. It WILL mess you up."
76561198018612655,Recommended,274310,10399693,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Scientist Man,"I do enjoy how this game presents morality. Rather than show right and wrong choices, or even presenting ""morally grey"" options, it lets you choose whatever suits your own moral compass and any quirks you might have; above all, it feels very human. In most games, even morally grey decisions are easily categorized, which kind of simplifies it to the point that it feels artificial in some aspects. This game encaptures the complexity you'll find in most situations in life. This gives it a realism almost impossible to describe.I do wish they'd give another confirmation prompt for saving; I keep ending up saving when I mean to load. Having to repeat entire sections detracts very much from the experience."
76561198057389519,Recommended,274310,10399694,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,herrikudo,"This game was absolutely STUNNING. The plot was twisting, the dialog funny and deep at the same time, and the gameplay fun as a whole. HIGH reccomendation for this game."
,Recommended,274310,10400274,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,TheRavenWithin,So cool! i can play it for days
76561198116414928,Recommended,274310,10401883,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,ndr714,This is my first time writing a review on Steam and it's for a good reason.Always Sometimes Monsters has to be the best game I've played in a long time. I was expecting a simple RPG that was a little cheesy but it far exceeded my expectations. The game is thought provoking and at some points dark and saddeninng but there's enough comic relief inbetween that kept me engaged. It's a really great balence.The first time I played alway through it took me about 15 hours and I was heartbroken by my ending. Somehow I saw it coming but it still hurt. I felt like I deserved it based off of some of the decisions I made. It was odd. I then replayed it while reading a guide and I was a little happier with the ending but I was still saddened. There was no way to change the inevitable at the end. It made me think that in life maybe we are all Always Sometimes Monsters.Yet in the end this game ruined my life. No other game I play compares now. All I can do is replay this game for some sense of satisfaction. The game developers for this game need to create another game soon because I need it. Or someone needs to point me in the direction of a  similar game because I'm craving more.
76561198072010532,Recommended,274310,10326432,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Legacydown,"This has a lot of replay value. At times it will seem slow, but the amount of twists it throws at you make it a great game. So many choices!"
,Recommended,274310,10331469,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,TheBadman,"If you're a fan of story heavy games this is for you. Although it can be tedious at times it really shines in its aspect of rewarding you for your work. You wont play the same game twice which is fantastic in terms of replayability. Its also very immersive despite its humble graphics. a word of advice, name the character after yourself and the love interest of your love interest. it really gives you a different drive then if you were to name them something spontaneous. Hopefully youll learn alot about yourself and how far you would go to be with the person you love. Try this game and be open to it, thats what will give you the best experience."
,Recommended,274310,10321025,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,CATastrophe,named the main character after myself and his partner after my own partnerhe ended up with my best friend and  i ended up a hobojust like real life 10/10 would get depressed over again
76561198006642638,Recommended,274310,10322363,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Commander Greyscale,"Without giving away spoilers the ending will depress you not because it's sad but because it makes every choice you made feel irrelivant. Other then that this is a solid effort at a stroy telling game and the ending really is ubjective to the point that it wont bother you if you don't expect that much. I had a few sniffles here and there.12/10 - Made me sniffle, made me angery, made me laugh.Also Swagfest 2014 yoloswag, #swag"
,Recommended,274310,10351509,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Project_X-593,"Overall I enjoyed this game. The story gave a lot of choice and presented some interesting dilemmas, although some parts did tend to drag on a little bit. I enjoyed the ending, and while I would be a little interested to see how the story can play out with different choices, the game doesn't have a lot of replay value.Not much to say about the graphics - the screenshots basically tell you all you need to know. The art is not amazing, but decent. The music on the other hand was generally great, although some tracks were a bit irritating. The developers crammed in a bunch of references to other indie titles with collectable items, and references game that try to remind you repeatedly that you're playing an indie game right now and I found it a little annoying. There's a fair number of mini games scattered throughout the game as well, though most of them are mediocre, if not downright terrible. Thankfully, the bad ones are completely optional. The core of the game is in the narritive and managing your money. My only complaint there would be that the whole stamina system is not well explained, I was never sure what the consequences of not eating would be and was never told.Overall, Always Sometimes Monsters is a decent game, though there are better games out there. The fact that there is so much choice tends to mean that a lot of the dialogue feels very generic and weakens the narritive. Even still, the price is right, and if you have the time to play it I'd reccomend picking it up. There are certainly better stories out there, but seeing how your version of this one plays out is worth the time."
76561198083140160,Recommended,274310,10378353,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Duchess,"Interesting, compelling story. Powerful themes. Exceptionally immersive. Shaky and inconsistent choice system. Tedious mini-games. Gameplay rules lack enforcement at times.It is an experience more than anything else. The game itself is shotty, tedious, and boring. The dialogue carries every other part of this game and does an outstanding job of it. I am not overly impressed but I am interested to see what else this developer can generate."
,Recommended,274310,10367928,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Elise on the Game Center,"A surprisingly long game with a surprisingly simple concept: choice. And damn, are the choices hard. Part of the reason why it's so addicting once you start to play is because of the choices and their consequences and/or benefits. It's also replayable--something that can't be said for most games of this nature. I definitely reccomend this game if you're looking for a good story and if you have a clear schedule. It's likely you'll sink a few hours into this without even realizing!"
76561198048401677,Recommended,274310,10371125,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,SteelSloth,"THis game is a very risk filled game and is quite gripping on you. The game also gets very dark and is a bit confusing at first, but you get thee hang of it."
,Recommended,274310,10362646,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,AwfulWaffle,"Have you ever promised something to someone and didn't follow thru?Did you ever miss out on a concert to spend time with your boyfriend/girlfriend/wife/husband?What were the consequences of your choices? That is what this game is trying to explain that we live far more complex lives than we think and it is changing the way we look at the medium of video games.  Its not about acheviments, high scores or saving the world.  This games makes the player realize that the choices we make have an impact on the people and world around us.  While its not a traditional game it is an experament that video games can be art and delve into the human condition.  If you are going into this game with doubts I'd say play it and it may or may not be for you but for me it made me realize that we can have major impacts on lives by making trivial decsions.  It's def something to think about."
76561198098826076,Recommended,274310,10334325,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,E11,quite fun AVG game
,Recommended,274310,10335515,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,CJ,"I would recommend this game to you if you value the feeling of love. This game tells a story of someone who has lost his or her love, and you decide whether you fight for it or leave it be.  By making me make so many choices this game became a lot more personal to me, and there even are some lines of dialog that hit me deep. How everything plays out is in your hands, whether it's a dark or bright ending is your choice. This is the biggest strength of this game, since it feels so personal.I wouldn't recommend the soundtrack edition, since I don't think it's that good. It's okay as background music to this game, but nothing out of the ordinary."
,Recommended,274310,10455471,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,WhatDoMyElfEyesSee,"I love this game! Its so interesting to see how your choices really effect the story and how things end. It definitely makes you want to play it more than once so you can see how you can manipulate the game and alter what happens. Great humor/satire throughout and it kept me interested and enraptured the whole time, despite not always being fast paced or action packed like other games. It was very cool and fun and I'm totally happy that I bought it. Definitely reccomend to people who love interesting stories and rpgs!"
,Recommended,274310,10456716,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Ryee,"An amazing story game, driven by choices and actions that can affect positively or negitively to the out come of the story."
76561198064106117,Recommended,274310,10487323,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,TheClassiness,"This is an amazing game. It sends you on a journey, where everything is supposed to make a difference to the end result. Doing bad things make bad things happen. I've spent 20 hours on this game, but I have to say the ending is disappointing, in my opinion. I'm not going to spoil anything, but once you get there you might share my disappointment, or you might love the game. The message it conveys is very powerful, and I still think it's worth the $10."
,Recommended,274310,10490394,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Leopold Kain,This was my first game I have bought for PC or on Steam. I have to say I really enjoyed it. I am looking forward to streaming this game. My favorite part was the fact I could use the bathroom. The story seems it will be very fun to figure out. I am just hoping there is a happy ending. Bathroom Simulator 2014 = Always Sometimes Monsters 8/10 :D
,Recommended,274310,10492828,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Nay_Sayer,"Definitely not a bad game. Fun to play, resonably addictive. Has potential to be over-hyped because of the psuedo-philosophical nature of it. Its basically moral relativism 101. Good, cheaper alternative to taking an intro Philosophy course."
,Recommended,274310,10425962,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,cuwolf,"Strangely compelling, and more believeable than we'd like to admit. A tale of coming to terms...with letting go, with the choices we make, and the choices made for us. Occasionally frustrating, but a beautifully written tale. Strongly recommend."
,Not Recommended,274310,10426488,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Jakey Poo™,"If this game was solid through its entirety than I would recommend this purchase. Sadly, this game starts out strong only to leave you lacking and frustrated near the end.With how compelling the first two thirds of this game were, I didn't think I'd find myself so annoyed and eager to finish and get this game out of the way. ASM already gives you tedious mini-games and tasks, but that's all the end game ended up being. I don't even need to explain the boxing minigame to those who have already played.All in all this game had the potential to be something great, but for whatever reason took a sudden turn for the worse near the most climatic part of the game."
76561198078988841,Recommended,274310,10428384,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Cmkmax21,"I LOVE this game! I believe it is the perfect combination of mindless gaming and a deep story. I believe anyone is capable of loving this game and making it their own. If you like reality type games that allow you to choose your fate, you will simply adore this game and all of its possible endings! I got really into this one really fast."
,Recommended,274310,10429608,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Drfman,epic story
,Recommended,274310,10431170,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,VexatiousGravy0,"This game is fantastic. Customization is exactly as you would think it'd be (enter a name for an already made character) and the story is phenomenal. Every playthrough done is never the same as there are choices along the way that can affect the outcome of your game. This game has a way to make you feel bad about your decisions, even if you had the best intentions. I highly recommend for the story."
,Recommended,274310,10431911,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,asscavity,2edgy4me
76561198071718237,Recommended,274310,10432143,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,The Void W4lker,This game is a fun and absolutely amazing experience! Always Sometimes Monsters is a life-simulator. Everything that happens is a product of the player’s answers to hard choices and the player’s actions in difficult situations. This game taught me about life and myself. It is truly an 8-bit masterpiece; I recommend it to anyone and everyone.
76561197983428319,Recommended,274310,10937887,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Behold,Focused on storytelling over mechanics. Great if you loved old choose your own adventure books.
,Recommended,274310,10500341,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Corey,"Love this game! This game is so much fun =). The game is not perfect but it is still a super fun game. First of all I love the choice system. It feels like most choices effect what upcoming choices in the game. Some choices also change how the city quest will work completely. I love the music, though sometimes a little repetative if played right you will not have to live with the same song for long. Money in the game is hard too come by that I think is normal =P. Some people might find it cheating but I was able to keep around $200, with any extra in my bank. I would save then buy 40Scratch Cards. After Scratching them I would turn in all the winniers and if I was over $200 I would put the extra in my bank, save again and start over, If not over 200 I would just reset. I only found I needed too do this in the second town where I was a couple hundred short for the bus pass. Also I would take your time to get to where you need to go in the game. I didn't realize durning my first playthrough that my extra days left meant nothing and it just skipped too the last day =P. Had I known this I would have explored and spent more time in each town. Overall I love this game, It was a whole lot of fun, my first playthrough took roughly 10Hours. I don't know if I got a good ending or bad but I know I wish I had ended it differently. So Onto my second playthrough!"
,Recommended,274310,10992460,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,kireshai,"I  chose to buy this game due to seeing an overwhelmingly positive review.  Upon playing it, I'm actually a little disappointed.Don't get me wrong, this is actually a really interesting game with a great concept, but I must say that the second half of the game and the way the endings play out is severely disappointing.  I started out loving this game, determined to be as good a person as possible in light of the struggles that I knew my character was going to go through, but the second half of the game felt like I wasn't really making decisions, there weren't moral dillemmas, there were 'are you a♥♥♥♥♥♥ tests, and I didn't understand how the game could end the way it did after it had unfolded.Still, I had a lot of fun for the first two thirds or so, and it was still an interesting experience.  Despite my personal disappointments, this was a good game."
,Recommended,274310,11128207,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,ATH-KMB™,"This game has an idealistic storyline with events that make you have to question your morals, carefully balance out the pros and the cons, and in the end, you might not get your happy ending.But the ride is amazing, you'll feel yourself pulled into your charcter's storyline, you'll feel their heartbreaks and joys.Definitely worth buying and playing through at least once, twice if you realizie, like me, one choice could've meant the difference to getting the love of your life back, or winding up living under a bridge after giving away your last chance to save someone else's hide."
,Recommended,274310,11128322,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,AnarchyRocker,"I absolutly adore this kind of art RPG indie game, its compleately story based and iv had it for quite some time and iv only sampled how many paths this game has. Iv recomended this game to all my friends and they love it."
,Recommended,274310,11133315,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,TheVileClown,"Picked this up randomly on sale, have to say its one of the most weirdly addicive games i have ever played. Centred around your journey across country, the people you meet and the things you decide to do.full of choices that have no right or wrong  answer. even though there was no right or wrong, i felt the weight of guilt more heavily when i dicked sombody over in this game than others.well worth the price, its an enjoyable and fun game."
,Recommended,274310,11141215,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Carnage,really good game! its a very story driven game about decisions.. the ending CAN be disapointing but it wasn't for me!
,Not Recommended,274310,11149108,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,MiniBiggi,"I'm going to do a Pros / Cons list to make things easy and quick for youPros:+Lets you pick your own path through the game+You can make your own relationships with characters, and not ones a game would want you to have+You don't automatically have all the money in the world, you have to earn it+You can be a good guy, or a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Cons:-Far too much talking to keep it entertaining-Lots of walking around-Tiny screen, and fullscreen is just a black box around the window-Controls are obnoxious (No mouse controls!)-Conversations become very tedious. I began to not care what people were saying-Annoying pauses in gameplay so that emotes can pop up above characters-A variation of about 2-3 emotes-Character pictures are very cheesy-No character customization, I was really hoping for some-Picking your sexual preference is very confusing at the beginning. Accidentally became a lesbian-Game runs out of entertaining tasks very quickly-I found myself sleeping over and over again to try see if I could start a missionThere are many more cons, but I feel I don't need to list all of the minor ones.Overall, my rating is 4.5/10Spend your money on something else, unless this game is on sale for $0.99"
,Recommended,274310,16864705,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Apostle The Fraud,"[Verse 1:]Time will bring the real end of our trialOne day there'll be no remnantsNo trace, no residual feelings within yaOne day you won't remember meYour face will be the reason I smileBut I will not see what I cannot have foreverI'll always love ya, I hope you feel the same[Hook:]Oh you played me dirty, your game was so badYou toyed with my afflictionHad to fill out my prescriptionFound the remedy, I had to set you freeAway from meTo see clearly the way that love can beWhen you are not with meI had to live, I had to liveI had to leave, I had to leave[Chorus:]If I can't have you, let love set you freeTo fly your pretty wings aroundPretty wings, your pretty wingsYour pretty wings, pretty wings around[Verse 2:]I came wrong you were rightTransformed your love into lightBaby believe me I'm sorry I told you liesI turned day into nightSleep 'til I died a thousand timesI should've showed youBetter nights better times better daysI miss you more and more[Chorus:]If I can't have you, let love set you freeTo fly your pretty wings aroundPretty wings, your pretty wingsYour pretty wings, your pretty wings aroundSo pretty wings, your pretty wings aroundYour pretty wings, your pretty wings aroundSo pretty wings, oh, pretty wings aroundPretty wings, your pretty wings around[Repeat until end:]Your pretty wings, pretty wings aroundhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JJXC6IwTyw4>tfw I can never afford the ♥♥♥♥ing vinyl, because it's $350 and out of stock everywhere."
,Recommended,274310,16371112,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Hollee72,"Surprisingly, I've learned a lot about myself from this charming 8-bit game. This game gives you many, many choices that often change the outcome of a situation, chapter, or even the entire game. Some are black and white moral choices, others are very gray. What would you do for love? What would you do for your friend? What would you do for a paycheck? What would you do for...bacon?!Things That Happened In Game:*Victim of racism in first ten minutes of gameplay.*Homeless.*Starved to death, start over, sustain self on bacon.*Stole a man's job, then saved him from killing himself.*Worked temp job making soy burgers for hippies, enjoyed more than real life job.*Experienced sexism as I was hit on by jerk foreman. Put up with it for a paycheck.*Died in my sleep, start over, remember to eat before bed!*Chose to make tofu over killing piglets, even though it paid less. Ironically, I sustain myself on bacon.*Broke into mansion, hacked computer, stole sex scandal pics, blackmailed surgeon to save best friend's girlfriend.*Scalp Massage. Oh, yeah.*Tricked drug addict into losing money which I then pocket.*Got top score in a video game.*Stole the start up money for this game while in game and broke the fourth wall, sending me back in time, making me a Time Lord. Start over. Eat more bacon.*Rigged an election. Oh, don't look at me like that. They were both bad choices, anyway."
76561198074356011,Recommended,274310,16339724,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,FatCyrilFigus,"For a current price of £1.74... really cannot go wrong, nothing like it."
,Not Recommended,274310,18336303,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Miike Something,"I spent about two hours on this game, and it basically is a mid-20s simulator. Sure, you can do stuff like work at a tofu factory, and it's plenty ironic, but... why? Why bother?It's basically a jrpg without any fantastical elements. While this could easily have stood up on its own with a strong story it feels like simply a bunch of random sidequests strung together in Portland with the numbers filed off. The genre of this game demands a strong story and characters and there was nothing there."
,Recommended,274310,18343639,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Catton,Its okay
76561198051189783,Not Recommended,274310,18312254,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Volxander,"Alright, I think it's been enough time since I've played this game to give an accurate review of it. To preface this, I went in with high expectations due to watching Jesse Cox play this game on Youtube, expectations that were MET in the BEGINNING of the game anyway. The game looks good, the writing is solid, and the minigames to get money are fun.... BUUUUT the entire game is hamstrung by a time-constraint that you need to be at your Ex's wedding by a certain time, on top of which the 'variety' of choices you have really boils down to two equally unappealing prospects, which you pick the one which sounds the best. To make matters a bit worse, there aren't even many apparent consequences OF your actions beyond what you can imagine.That normally wouldn't be a deal-breaker, but then, due to my neurotic nature, I looked up how to best play the game and what I needed to do, willingly spoiling the ending for myself and.... Seriously? The entire point of this game is to go through trials and tribulations so that you might be able to achieve SOMETHING right? But no, spoiler alert: No matter what you do, the ending will suck. That is a deal-breaker for me, when you build up a game that is actually REALLY good starting off, but then you decide to give a bad ending no matter what? That's just... Terrible writing on the dev's part. The game has its moments, and if you're in it for the mini-games, or some of the decisions, then good, but if you are wanting a good ending as a sort of payoff for putting in hard work and becoming attatched to your character, then you'll be in for a big disappointment. Hopefully some people liked this game, and it's a good try for the devs, if they do make any more games, hopefully they'll think ahead and see that setting up every ending as a kick in the groin ISN'T a way to please fans."
,Not Recommended,274310,19708678,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Red,"Do you enjoy the soul crushing monotony of working dead end jobs to make just enough money to survive?Then I can recommend Always Sometimes MonstersOtherwise, unless you're going for the novelty of what this game offers give this a pass.The story is frustratingly angsty and uninteresting as well as having you perform conveyor belt ""mini games"" to make enough money to afford food and a bus ticket which is $8,000 for some reason. You can skip this money grinding by keeping a certain character alive; except this character has no sure way of being saved. It's random so either you get lucky, you save scum, or you spend a very, very long time grinding money to progress the story. It's just plain not fun."
76561198071046236,Recommended,274310,20355986,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Cheshire,If you give the story time to get going i think you'll find this game is pretty amazing. An adventure i won't soon forget. :)
,Recommended,274310,20072857,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Gaunty,"A very enjoyable RPG-Maker game.You can tell a lot of love has gone into this game's creation, as the art, writing and game world itself feel finely crafted - despite a few spelling and continuity errors here and there.All in all, if you're looking for a time-killer and like a good story, give this one a try."
,Recommended,274310,20314719,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,bemyskout,I am absolutely in love with the idea that there are consequences with every choice you make in life. This game takes me back to a lot of situations that I wish I would have changed. Best recommended if you want your box of feels punched with a tree.
76561198104565124,Recommended,274310,20312653,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,GeoKramz1989,Beautifuly dark
,Recommended,274310,20166231,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,didJuno ?,"I want to give this a thumbs down because of how much of an emotional wreck I am right now, but I don't really want to not recommend a game just because of the negative emotion it gave me. For those who have finished this game would understand me, that is, if everything ended sucky for them as well.**MIGHT spoil the game, but I am trying to avoid any spoilers**This game was pretty great, I'm just quite an emotional person and feels always get to me right away. I mean, this game makes me think, we don't easily forget the people that make life worth living, do we?I mean, my character in this game has done so much and in the end, he just gets thrown around like an animal and gets his heart completely crushed. Too much effort, just for that to happen... Does a legacy of effort mean anything in this world anymore?If I had a happy ending, that would be Sam standing there and I would be the cause of HIS/HER unhappy ending. Maybe Sam's been as miserable as me. Maybe he/she doesn't deserve an unhappy ending...but it's either me or the other person who gets that happiness; there always has to be one person who has to be the miserable one. Should I accept my fate and stay silent?No matter what choice we make in this world...there are always sometimes monsters.__Okay, so enough of that crap. There were some things in this game that I could definitely see me doing / see happen to me in the future so I got really into it. I thought this game was totally worth it ESPECIALLY if it's on sale. There's romance, a lot of comedy, oh, and a hecka lot of quotes I wish I wrote down (I may or may not have used some above). I'd definitely recommend this to people who like romance and comedy - and people who like feels.I would write a PROS list, but my opinion about what I like doesn't really matter. Different people like different things. BUT I am going to write a CON list because sometimes we gotta look at the bad before caring too much about the good.Cons:-Sometimes the objectives in this game isn't as specific as the others (might get lost/confused about what you're supposed to do next) but you'll get back in track after a few minutes of wandering.-There were times where this game was boring *cough* Tofu job *cough* but it added to the steadiness of the game (rather than having too much stuff like maybe uh uhm yeah the ending bye)-Choices that leave you thinking after a while-If you're SUPER emotional and a sissy like me, you'd be feeling uncomfortable and broken-CHARACTERS THAT MAKE YOU WANT TO BREAK THINGS-Sam-why does the kid only want to fish for crabs?? are people going to notice the floating corpse?? and HOW ABOUT THAT SMASHED WINDOW?!-i need money and food-some of the music made my eyes twitch (sorry)-Most of the guys did not look attractive. Only the females looked nice (most of the time)Pros:(I said I wouldn't, but I want to write just a FEW things)-The game is steady, not too much going on.-Dream scenes - oh my god I love it when games have these-The game lasted longer than I thought it would (I would always be anxious to play but I was too scared to finish it)[there are a lot more probs, I am just too upset to focus on the good things right now]__Well, I hope you guys enjoy this game, if you do buy it. Maybe gift your friend the game as well and then compare choices. And I hope someone would list all the quotes in this game and put them on wiki/imdb or some website or something. All the quotes in this game are magnificent. The deep quotes always get to me oh my god. Anyways, enjoyt the game. And thanks to the people who read through all my nonsense."
,Recommended,274310,20059863,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,MIL SPEC Butterknife,"Was recommended by a friend, enjoyed the game. Didn't cry like the friend did but I've got that title of heartless or something. Anyway, good game. Not as much customization in the characters but you can be gay if you want and names are chosen by you so do what you will cuz a Pirate is Free, you are a pirate.Long game if you're not willing to really put your energy into it. To get all achievements, play through to the end past credits. Top tip right there. If you get emotionally invested and forget real life you probs might start sobbing due to all of the dramatic choices. It's supposed to show the duality of choice in life etc and how there's consequence and we're human and whatnot.Good game overall. Not the most entertaining for me but I would recommend it if you're into this kind of thing. Something Markiplier would play on his channel probably. Like To the Moon or something."
76561198197751781,Recommended,274310,20335009,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,alimurillo91,10/10 would backstab best-friend again
76561198124534463,Recommended,274310,20411481,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Epsilon,"Humans, humans everywhere. Monsters? No where to be found. (Physically, not metaphorically.)"
,Recommended,274310,30648936,Posted: 21 March,all,Quantum,"However cliche it may seem, the stories are actually great. And the level of freedom it gives is more than I expect.Some parts of the story are boring. But overall, great, and I bought it on sale so it was very worth it for the price"
,Recommended,274310,19705317,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Airzon1,"Good Story, took a little longer then expected, but if you have the time and money you should buy it."
,Recommended,274310,19625317,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,NOID | TFRF,Much Fun
76561198012446928,Recommended,274310,16319608,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Eiito,A love story that shows your actions have consequences.
,Recommended,274310,16296059,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,TheMysteriousDoc,"OK this game is good. Its real good. However I understand that its not for everybody. First when it says it's story driving, it ain't kidding. The only form of gameplay in this game is just talking to people, walking around, and answering prompts. However, it doesn't lessen from the story at all. In fact, it actually adds to it. Without the need to focus on combat mechanics and such, the writing takes the centerstage and it deserves it. The story starts out with you trying to get your lover back. In a month. Before they get married. Its got heartwarming moments and characters and some pretty funny dialouge. Its choices are pretty heavy too. Some may seem unfair and sometimes the outcomes can seem a bit extreame but the story does a great job by making you feel like you have all the control for most of the game. My only problem with the game is that for you to get the good ending you basically have to look it up. There is a requirment you must reach before you go to the end zone and no one tells you about it at all and there is no way to actually know about it (as far as i am concerned). I suggest that if you do want to get the good ending you are going to have to look only that part up. The rest is up to you. I enjoyed it a lot and I look forward to vagabond dog's future games. I hope they have some soon."
,Recommended,274310,16558391,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,★ Guiscard,"This...is not for everyone. A charming retro aesthetic and soundtrack at times disguised some really dull game mechanics. What saved the game for me (and made me like it so much) is the overarching story, which was subtly told and well paced. Even more remarkable considering the characters are mostly forgettable, as is most of the writing."
,Recommended,274310,16541963,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Mr Cody,One of the best single player games i've ever played i spent 10 hours straights. Great story. Intense and a game where you really choose the story.10/10
76561198102319404,Recommended,274310,13613421,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,clarissafrn,"Pretty good game. Not exactly replayable. For me anyway. You get to make choices but sometimes you don't really get the kind of choices you'd give. It's interestesting. I'm honestly not sure how much I'd recommend this game; it's ok, but not the best for me. But I guess, it /is/ a bit replayable, especially if you've taken a pretty big break between each time."
,Recommended,274310,13614080,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,RStarPhayDen,"Game was amazing. Some of the events were completely outrageous, but great game overall."
,Recommended,274310,13801742,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Lucifer,"There NEEDS to be more games like this. You choose who you're bf (or gf) is, regardless of the gender you choose before that. Always Sometimes Monsters is, as I found out, exactly what the title is. Everyone is always, sometimes, monsters. The decisions you make in the game, no matter how small..can flourish (or explode) all around you."
76561198141796443,Recommended,274310,13886920,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Demetrius,"This title first and foremeost had a very solid style of delivery and it's soundtrack was really nice. On the onset of the game you have the choice of selecting your own main protaganist and their significant other before the game launches you into its main story. Filled with countless moral decisions that render a few different endings. It's story is pretty good with a lot of random sidequests/minigames that help propel itself forward. Overall, it was a pretty interesting style of delivery and character development. Only thing that sort of fell through was the ending. It just felt as if it had a really fun buildup (9  hours of it) only to deliver a really short and swift ending. In the end the final decisions help you decide what your sense of a 'monster' is. But seeing how exactly you or the other characters impact eachother is kinda of shortsighted. Still a fine title 6.5/10"
,Recommended,274310,13541785,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,[NAR] Master Baiter,Great story and great journey and simply a great game!On top of that you can add an awesome soundtrack.Highly recommended!
,Recommended,274310,13929761,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Kodiak Miller,"The experience I had with this game will stay with me forever. It makes you ask yourself the question, ""How far are you willing to go to get back the one you love?"" and it does it well in my opinion. Will you lie? Will you steal? Will you even kill? Honestly it feels drawn out at times but I also felt that the story was worth toughing through it. By the end of it, I was so immersed in my character I finally understood... That we are Always Sometimes Monsters.This game is definitely worth the full price, if it's on sale I recommend snagging it immediately."
76561198156916823,Recommended,274310,13936145,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Chriz Myth,"The spelling towards the end was average, but a solid game with the ups and downs of life."
,Recommended,274310,13936412,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Spactyr,"OMG Ths game. Its soo deep. Maybe a little too deep. You walk way from it and realize why your wasting your time when you could be living your life. But, Its so worth it."
,Not Recommended,274310,13951359,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,LandShark,Worst Game Ever! Dont Waste Your Money!
76561198084223078,Recommended,274310,13953571,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Virtus,"This game is like no game I have ever dream to play. It's like a life simulator. It has a dark-ish general story and all, like most games, but you get to decide how to get there. I know, I know. You heard that before, right? Well I will honestly say that this game actually achieves that idea in a way where it makes you think about your life and how you want to live it. I dream to make games like this. It takes you on a journey you (Hopefully) won't forget. You get to pick your main character and his/her love interests (which is a great design and makes you connect to your character more). If you like story driven games, this is for you and I suggest giving it a playthrough (If not more, because trust me, you will want to play it again to see if you can get a different ending or maybe make a better choice then you did before). This game will start with a confusing beginning but it'll all make sense at the end. Now this game does have a couple of cons that I have to state at least. This game is heavily driven on text. If you're not a big fan of reading, you might want to stray away from this game. You will not appreciate it all if you can't appreciate the text. Now that being said, I did spot a FEW mistakes in the spelling and some mishaps on pronouns. For the grammar nazis out there, I just laying that out there. But for a game that probably has over 5000 words in it, 1 or 2 mistakes is just being human, or just being sometimes monsters... SORRY! Had to throw that somewhere in there!To shorten this up though, I'll just make a pros and cons list:Pros:+A great story that leaves you thinking about your life+Choices that make an impact on you+Humorous at times+Well designed (for a RPG Maker game)+Great CharactersCons:-Few Spelling/Grammar errors-My ending made me feel the feels! ♥♥♥♥ you for your feels!Rating:8\10"
76561198071697160,Recommended,274310,13942550,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Deckard,Finished this a while back and found it to be very enjoyable. The themes represented in the story and characters is very thought out and poiniant. If you like games that have you thinking about the decisions you've made and eager to see what happens next then I can't recommend this enough.
76561197970780433,Recommended,274310,13946166,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Zenon,"At first I thought I was going to end up a lesbian like so many others I've read about here.But then I stole money from the game devs' safe... then a crash came along, reboot failed... END OF STORY! Brilliant!"
76561198058049031,Recommended,274310,13775898,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,PeachBoy,"Its Depressing, Shocking and overall an amazing game.Somethings alittle tedious it has a great story 7 out of 11"
,Recommended,274310,13725262,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,birchman,"This game was fun to play. I enjoyed its narrative, and I liked eating sushi for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Some days I drank coffee!"
,Not Recommended,274310,13742669,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,dudeglove,"Played it to completion, unamused."
,Recommended,274310,13753573,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,CaptainObscene,The ending I chose was pertty bad But its an awesome game
,Recommended,274310,13856775,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Numinom,"It's an RPG choice-based game, full of cute, and sometimes cruel, moments that life has to offer. ;3I think it's worth the purchase. It's fun and nice to sit back and play with a little RPG person's life."
76561198062793935,Recommended,274310,13858807,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Liaira,"i love this game. its so awesome. even if i caused suicide, someone to get killed in a car crash, and my best friend to get shot in the face."
76561198154339889,Recommended,274310,13838205,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Ceraunophilia,Just finished the game and have to say I enjoyed it the whole time I was playing. It was something different and fun.would definitely play it all over again with other choices to see what would happen.
,Not Recommended,274310,13840723,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Reyan,"I was extremely intrigued by the premise of this game - all the social commentary and whatnot.  However it was not well executed.  What I spent most of my time doing while playing was walking around the city looking for which building I was supposed to go into to trigger the next story event, and playing an excruciating mini-game that seemed to be intended to show how boring working an assembly line is - if that game concept isn't fundamentally flawed, I don't know what is.  The art is pretty mediocre, the music is unpleasant, and the menu system is awkward.  I tried to feel for my character - that's obviously what the game is about - but at the end of the day, I just didn't feel for him enough to endure the rest of the game.  I played the game for about 4 hours before giving up."
,Recommended,274310,13859604,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,b4us,"What an underlooked gem of a game! My main complaint while playing was that it was so hard to find a walkthrough just because of how underlooked it was! A neat little slice of life game that makes you contemplate your every move carefully, and constantly doubt if you're really the protagonist here or not. It can get very depressing, so I reccomend keeping some cat videos on-hand while playing."
,Recommended,274310,13873854,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Daedhart,"Here is a good system to determine if you should get this game:1. Have you played To the Moon? If yes, go to 3. If no, go to 2,2. Play To the Moon, go to 33. Did you like To the Moon? If yes, go to 4. If no, go to 6.4. Are you a masochist who would genuinely enjoy a depressing and hopeless story that makes you feel lower than the dirt in the gutter that you step over on your way to work every day? If yes, go to 5. If no, go to 6.5. Play this game...and enjoy being miserable.6. Liberate tuteme ex inferis. (Save yourself from hell)Imagine, if you will, if To the Moon and Tell Tale's the Walking Dead had a baby...and then both parents immediately died after the birth to leave the child in the care of Spec Ops: The Line. That child would grow up to become Always Sometimes Monster.tl;dr - the above is all you need as far as a recommendation is concernedIm seriously on the fence about whether to truly recommend this game. On one hand, it is well written and has a genuinely engaging story. On the other, it makes me want to shove glass under my fingernails as penance for ruining everybody's lives.Youll notice I mentioned To the Moon a lot and for good reason: this game feels like it came from the same developer. Its an 8-bit retro game thats pretty much a serving plate for a really good story (To the Moon was infinitely better, though). You dont sit down to enjoy the plate; the plate is just the method of delivering the food (aka the story). And boy does this food taste like depressing sadness cooked in a fine horrible-people wine...*spoilers* *spoilers* *spoilers* *spoilers* ...and rants belowDont say I didnt warn you. 2 final thoughts/rants (on the story):This game presents itself as a decision based game...its a dirty liar. All of the story elements happen irrespective to your decisions, and in more than one situation I actually had my decisions hyped up as being super important and then the game pretended like the decision never happened. One particular moment stands out:Youre offered to either spend 3 days hunting down 3 car parts through tedious side-quests to fix up a car and win a race...or spend one afternoon to cut the opponent dude's brake line and have him burst into flames literally right in front of his 4 little children (I was in a hurry, dont judge me...though it was hilarious after the fact). The next day, the guy who put you in the situation in the first place, set up the race, a true blue Christian from head to toe, is a pastor at the church, and LITERALLY just presided over the dead dude's funeral with his little children crying ""DADDY NOOO"" goes up to you and acts like nothing happened and is like ""Hey! Ready for that car trip Whatsyourface?"" in the most cheery way possible. The decision is only mentioned once more in one of the game's many random pointless questionnaires that means absolutely nothing about whether you regret your decision. Consequences? In a game based entirely around consequences?! Pfft, pass...Lastly, the ending was a huge ****slap. Basically, there is no happy ending; dont even try, youll just screw things up even more. There is literally nothing you can do to get back together with your love interest. Dont believe me? Do some Googlefu and you will.Since Steam forces you to give a yes/no recommendation, I chose my opinion because I am a little happy I played this. Beware, though...this game is definitely not for everyone."
76561198132699617,Recommended,274310,13875519,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,🔥 Spicy Tofu 🔥,"This game is.... most definitely amazing, so well written too. It just brings so many personal issues that so many people struggle with on a daily basis that it's really easy to get attached to the game. At least for me. I enjoy it even though I've played through the whole thing and seen several different endings. But the title always confused me until the end... I won't spoil anything but the end sent shivers down my spine. It made me almost want to cry. Anyways, if you like pixalated, decision making, adventure type games then this is probably for you. Although the stories meaning is deep, I think so. Mature audiences only~! haha"
76561198067730059,Not Recommended,274310,13879445,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,4th Reich Diversity Minister,"DO NOT GET THIS GAME. This game is unsatisfying and unrealistic. At first, the game may seem like it will be a difficult experience trying to win your love back, but it's EASY. It makes me even wonder why they put certain things in, like needing to either pay a ridiculous amount of money or suck a dude off to sleep in an alley when you can just sleep in your friend's house. And the choice is completely taken from you if you want to win your love back. You would have a better time writing your own story. Maybe buy this game when it gets a 99% off discount. Otherwise, AVOID."
,Recommended,274310,10429650,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Fantastic Mr Foxy,after 2min of gameplayI shoot this guy in the headend of the game10/10
76561198047344373,Recommended,274310,15823865,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Dokkasan,"Playing this game, I sometimes felt trapped reading endless reels of babble.  The story takes way too long to unravel.  Other than that, the game is fun and has some interesting points.  The graphics and character abilities are extremely limited, but that is not the selling point of this game.  It seems the author/game creators wanted to make an interactive romance novel."
76561198091478219,Recommended,274310,15849091,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,kiyahnadeem,"I love this game! It has an amazing storyline, filled with many choices to make which will ultimately affect the game's outcome. A perfect balance of dark, moral themes and comedic relief to give a game I would definitely recommend."
76561198011773851,Not Recommended,274310,15749391,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Doggieman,tedium. story is fun though
76561198020438753,Recommended,274310,15738116,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Pass_the _M,You might not like this if you are a real life loser.
,Recommended,274310,15714800,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,PrinceInNovice,-เล่นเกม-เคลียเกม-bad ending-อ่านวิธีเคลีย-ลบเกมทิ้ง GG
,Recommended,274310,15730395,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,ForceSide,In the end I let hit man shoot in the head both sam and my main chalacter but my main chalacter still alive after very ending 11/10
,Recommended,274310,15720044,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Riku (VA),"Awesome game. To keep it simple: It tells the story around your choices, and also gives you a time limit, pushing you to your end goal. (+ 100% Replay value cuz you can do so many things for a new ending!) 9.8/10"
,Recommended,274310,14062230,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,cageycay,"I thought this is really....strange. It wasn't anything I'd ever played before, so in that ascept, yay. At some points of the game I felt it was extremely boring, but I suppose games that are designed like this are meant to be. Overrall, the story was great. Maybe I'm just super impatient.If you likes games that are hugely story driven, and are a fan of RPG's this game is definately for youuu."
,Recommended,274310,14119530,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,MoronPenguin,"It has a great story but gets repetitive at times, the first playthrough is gripping but then you realize that most of the decisions made in the first three-quarters of the game don't really affect the ending. Its great for the first time through, however its replay-ability is quite low, even with iron-clad patience. Its only worth it on sale."
76561198082392685,Recommended,274310,13977726,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Knight of shame,holy♥♥♥♥♥♥time to cry*sitting in corner*play this game you won't think the same ever again if your a deep person
,Recommended,274310,13977881,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Yuki,"The game is quiet long, although there are some events that didn't even make sense at times, story is good, but in my opinion didn't appeal to my preference. I do like how your choices affect the story a bit in which you can get back with your significant other, not, or possible not even not care about it at all which results in multiple endings. I would recommend this game, however if you overthink your choices like me, prepare to sit through story for a long time."
,Not Recommended,274310,15418186,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,todaylookslikerain,"I really, really, really wanted to like this! I love pixel art and story-heavy indie games like this, so it was right up my alley. Unfortunately, the story/writing didn't really deliver. I feel like it tried to cover too many social issues and spread its efforts out too thin as a result. The gameplay is pretty tedious—which I think was their intention, because a lot of the things you do in the game aren't supposed to be ""fun""—but I don't think they pulled it off very well. It sort of reminds me of Spec Ops: The Line if its writing had been worse; you can really only pull off intentionally bad design/gameplay if your story holds up, IMO. Additionally, the game's tone is pretty uneven and I think it gets a bit too hammy/masturbatory with its outside references.The game has a lot of really interesting ideas, so it's too bad that the execution of these ideas often doesn't do them justice. I'd recommed playing this if you can find it for under $5, but overall, I was pretty disappointed."
,Recommended,274310,15273939,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Sam,"Tells the story of a writer ""You"" going through various troubles in life.Lot's of choices to make. The in game Jobs can be a little repetitive and unenjoyable but out side of those it's an interesting game that touches on some of the darker things."
76561198004562896,Not Recommended,274310,15194545,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,neozoom,"Bought this game a while ago with some expectations from reviews.And he... it's not that good. Neither bad but, i mean for the price it wasn't worth it much IMHO.The choices you have aren't that wide and the background/art style of the game isn't really polished"
76561198125851129,Recommended,274310,14301026,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Red Light Ghost,"Played the game for 10 minutes and I've already gotten thrown out of my appartment, became a hobo living on the streets, turned to trading drugs for sex to survive and started plotting the murder of my landlord.8/10Bankrupt Unemployed Homeless Author Simulator 2015"
76561198104298220,Recommended,274310,15990115,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Elek,"Warning: this game can tell you a lot about yourself.An immersive and unusual story with on-point and well-timed humor, relatable plot and even somewhat challenging gameplay.I wish more indie games were like that one."
,Recommended,274310,16507386,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Cleiona,"overall i find this a good game.+good story+lesbians+bad jokes (but in a good way)+personally, cool graphicsi think my only complaint is that i ran out of money and now im stuck and cant continue the game unless i start all over.8/10??"
,Not Recommended,274310,10852741,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,PYROMANT|C,"Always Sometimes Monsters strived to provide an experience where the player was in control of their own destiny but unfortunately delivered an experience that fell short of its ambition. I wanted to like it, I really did, as those moments where the story shone through were truly great but they were so few and far between that the larger flaws of the gameplay and storyline are what leave a lasting impression. Your mileage may vary however, as many fellow reviewers have noted, but unfortunately for this writer Always Sometimes Monsters isn’t a game I can recommend.Read my full review here:http://www.therefinedgeek.com.au/index.php/2014/06/27/always-sometimes-monsters-lifes-a-♥♥♥♥♥/"
76561198065546106,Recommended,274310,10801336,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Winston Churchill,"[NO SPOILERS] I just got through with my first play-through of Always Sometimes Monsters. I played as the guy in the corner with the hoddie in Larry's apartment, my love interest being a girl identified as ""Sheena"" who you meet on Larry's patio. You begin your character's journey with them being sepearated from aforementioned love interest, and struggling with life in general.Without giving much away, this game invloves your character attempting to travel to San Verando to meet up with their ex, and along the way piece back together what remains of their literary career. This game depends heavily on the choices your character makes, whether moral or amoral. I myself played the straight sociopathic route all the way to San Verando, leading my character to steal, extort, betray their closest friend and collaborator (on more than one occassion), commit electoral fraud, get numerous people killed; at one point I even tried selling heroin to a girl at a nightclub - only to be thwarted by the game's inability to allow me to do so. This route was, honestly, fun. At first, that is. Latter on in the game, the consequences of such actions become clearer and weigh more heavily upon you the player (unless you are, ofcourse a psychopath). This leads me to want to play the game again, still trying to win back the girl and get my career back on track; but perhaps with more thought as to the implications of my decisions and without such callous disregard for human life.This game is an experience, alright. An experience that every gamer really owes to themselves. Obviously this isn't an action game, so it could be boring for some. Nevertheless, the game has so much more to offer in terms of story-telling and, in the same vein as ""Hotline Miami"" or ""Papers, Please"", a human experience. Plus, execution is almost flawless."
,Recommended,274310,10861726,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Ty-Dragonmist,"This is a crazy twist and turn game. But I love every moment of it, there's something about having someone's life in your hands is extrodinary. The choices you make have a heavy impact on everything you do through the game. This game has a very high replay value. I can go back through this a million times over. Thanks Vagabon Dog!"
76561198063389593,Not Recommended,274310,10862838,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Major_Petrov,"The game is incredibly preachy, self-righteous and pretentious. The only strong point, storytelling, is basic, and the soundtrack is both limited and annoying and the constant self-inserts by the developer serve to annihilate the last shreds of decency the game had. If you're looking to buy this game, your money is much better spent on Deus Ex or Papers Please."
,Recommended,274310,11398535,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,TheTM,"My girl left me, my publisher fired me, I'm broke, AND THE PROM IS TOMORROW!On a more serious note, this is a great game that got me geniunely involved with the characters. Most games make you abundently clear that the characters are just that- characters. But in Always Sometimes monsters, I really felt like they were real people, with real consequences for my actions. This isn't a game for everyone, but for someone who likes adventures, a smidge of romance, and grey-and-grey moral choices that could end in disaster or in triumph, this is a shining example of what an RPG should look like. My only qualm was that it wasn't long enough."
76561198063891204,Recommended,274310,11013108,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,JSL,Surprisingly amazing. 10/10 would recommend
,Recommended,274310,11006076,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Desirai,I really enjoyed playing this game but I'm sad it was so short. Also the ending made me kind of GRRR..... but I can't explain why because of spoilers!GRRRR at the ending!
,Not Recommended,274310,11009524,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Deviled Avacado,"Game starts off really strong. First two acts have plenty of choice and really does a good job of making you think about what you do.Act three, however, gives you only one choice. Play a really bad mini game a bunch of times, or kill a guy to win a bet.Then the last chapter. You spend a bunch of time in building and then get a♥♥♥♥♥♥ending.So, A for effort, but an F in execution."
,Recommended,274310,11011512,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,CrypticRenegade,"Every now and then you experience a game that really makes you question certain things. This game makes you question your own life choices and your relationships. This game is extremely deep and pretty much all your choices will affect you later on in some way, its all about how you react to a situation on the fly, will you choose the good path or will you take the bad? You wont even know which one you chose half the time until its brought up by someone else, you will make mistakes without knowing and you will have to deal with it. I really love this game and got caught emotionally in it until I could finish it, I look forward to replaying it for an alternate ending and I highly recommend this game if you are in for an emotional and mental trip. Every mundane task will affect you later on and in the end, the game will teach you the meaning of ""Always Sometimes Monsters."""
,Recommended,274310,11220571,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,DangerZebra,Really enjoyed this game.Nice art style and good music. Gameplay is simple as the game is mostly about the story and the choices you make.Some parts are a little repetative (making money) but I personally think thats what they were going for (like real life).Worth playing if you enjoy story driven games.You might just learn a little something about yourself too.
76561198040958502,Recommended,274310,11287095,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Metroboomin,"It's a really goddamn good choose your own adventure game. You get to make a ton of choices. Lotta reading though, so take that into consideration"
,Recommended,274310,11433310,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,TechnicallyANerd,"This game has a lot of negative comments/reviews which did surprise me but at the same time I get why.This game is not for everyone. It's not some hardcore shooter game, it's not a game with horror or some big budget art game.It's a game about how messed up humanity is and can be. It's one about choice.While this game has many redeeming features, there are some noticable problems. Problem one, the looping of the music doesn't flow smoothy. There are gaps just before it loops which really jolts the atmosphere. Problem two, apart from going to sleep and dying, if you starve your character there is no consequence. Problem three, there are slight bugs relating to the endings and god did I hate the continous 'ending'. You get stuck in the house and can do nothing except play games. While to others this may seem like a fufilling ending, showing the looping nature of human life, to me it felt awkward. I looked around for ages trying to find some hidden thing and found nothing.I may have complained quite a bit about this game but I honestly recommend it. It's an amazing game that will leave you feeling empty at points and thrilled at others."
76561197990978121,Recommended,274310,15209366,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Jiburiruu,"I worked for days and made ♥♥♥♥ing tofu burgers. Broke the law several times and ate only fish for a month and lost the girl anyways, ♥♥♥♥ my life10/10 best game ever"
,Recommended,274310,14834156,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,FoolyGhouly,"Has that ""choose your own adventure meets college dropout simulator"" feel to it. Love it."
76561198108050598,Recommended,274310,14999066,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,wmrobbins,This game is a bit slower paced but it's great to see how your choices continue to affect your story throughout the narrative.
76561198151501950,Not Recommended,274310,14799253,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Ghost Bust-A-Nut,"This game sucks, can I get my money back?"
76561198025578891,Recommended,274310,14729686,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Aperture Technical Assistant,"The ending's♥♥♥♥♥♥ and doesn't tie in the bookends as well as it ought, but the journey's pretty interesting.  It's like a visual novel with a bit more walking around and introspection, and not many of the choices presented have good, clear-cut solutions.  My favorite part was when the aliens invaded in act 3."
,Recommended,274310,14413243,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Vinylicpuma3,"I'm surprised I haven't written a review about this game.Excellent game. What it lacks in graphics, it makes up for in story. It's been 2 years since you've graduated college, and you've gone absolutely no where in life. You're college girlfriend has left you and is getting married in 30 days. Try to get her back.I can't really describe anything else really, I just recommend you play. :)"
76561198123298420,Recommended,274310,14697672,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Jinx,Messes with your head 10/10
,Recommended,274310,16065611,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,kath,"I got this game when it was on a discount so I decided to give it a try. This game gets to me personally as my ex dumped me like a year ago and I really wanted her back. I got the perfect ending probably cause I was a do-gooder in almost all scenarios and I had the money and the correct answers in the end. I must say that if you want to earn money in the game (which you are forced to if you want to win back your ex) it is super difficult. There are indeed many ways that you can earn cash, but you won't be able to earn a lot (at least the amount of money for the happy ending) in a short period of time. I assure you that you will be saving and reloading all the time just to gamble (on different jobs) to earn money. Overall, I would definitely recommend getting this game if it is on sale (never pay full price on steam). The story is pretty good, lots of unexpected events and I like that fact that it is not too bad getting free food and shelter in the game. Very choice driven but fun to play. If you want to enjoy the game without having to worry about earning that huge sum of money, I would recommend getting a cheat engine. 9/10 for now, would give a full if money isn't that hard to earn."
76561198033657385,Recommended,274310,16025971,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Sämre än edvin,Needs more cleavage
76561198143972439,Recommended,274310,16105952,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,ZeroPantz™,"This game is basically a non-combat interactive story where you can make a lot of choices that will have consequences, so on the game has multiple endings. I really like those type of games and I think it's pretty well done in this one. The game can be pretty dark, but that's one of the reasons as to why I like it even more. It really shows that life isn't all roses and it does bring across several messages. Even though those things are not always perceived the same way by people, nor can I agree with all of them. But that's an entirely different matter.The story was interesting enough to keep me wanting to play and near the end of the game I'd actually gotten attached to my character, which is always a good sign. The game comes with many mini-games for jobs and also in the shape of arcade video games your character can play which I thought was a nice touch and I enjoyed them, although I've seen people say they found the jobs tedious to do. Regardless from that possibly being the case for people, I still think it's not something that would stand in the way of enjoying this game for all it's other aspects. Overall this is a pretty brilliantly composed game, especially considering it was made in RPG-maker by a small studio of indie-developers."
,Recommended,274310,13532227,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Donut,I really recommend this game because all the choices and the endings you can get.9 1/2 would recommend again.
,Recommended,274310,13800211,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,T7L3R,One of the most enjoyable games I've played in a very long time.  Good for those that like games that are very story driven and full of tough choices.  The writing is superb and dialogue is very well thought out.  Your actions and choices will follow you through the game.  Best way to play is to anwser everything honestly.
,Recommended,274310,11701407,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Weird Bread Kid,"If you like Macklemore, you'll like this game. Because this is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.If you don't like Macklemore, this is still ♥♥♥♥ing awesome."
,Recommended,274310,11701696,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Kazairl,A game that should be on everyone's must play list.
,Recommended,274310,11781331,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Stumpy,"Always Sometimes Monsters isn't the most beautiful game. It's also not the most exciting game. However, it's packed with a lot of personality and if you're playing it right, you'll find yourself getting emotionally involved.Many people were unhappy with the ending, but I felt that it represented the entire message of the game. We are always sometimes monsters.I wouldn't pay the full $10 for this game, but it's definitely worth getting during a sale."
76561198149823668,Recommended,274310,11768984,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Not A Superhero,pretty fun
,Recommended,274310,11740870,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,CaptainBP,"This isn't like some triple A. You don't make choices buy clicking a button. You don't make choices by choosing from two. You make choices with your money and your time, similar to Papers Please.This is a phenomanal game in which you, having been kicked out your apartment with little money to your name, must journey across the country to attend the wedding of your ex and win them back. I haven't beaten this game yet, but I'm a chunk of the way through. I think I've pretty much won. I guarantee you I haven't.The choices you make define who you are. I killed a woman, or put her life in serious risk, for $30 towards my salvation. I fell on and killed a man attempting to destroy a city, all for money I never got. I made children watch their father die for a car. I made some horrible choices. Consequnce is real in this game. The choices I made I never believed would result in death. People are dead because I need to go across the country. When you are desperate, every choice you make seems to harm those around you.Always Sometimse Monsters is scary. It's not a horror game, but its scary because it explorers the consequnces of our actions. My character may starve because I payed my rent, for an apartment I never even needed. I just felt it was the right choice.The choices we make define who we are. In Always Sometimes Monsters, it's a journey of self discovery."
76561198083114818,Not Recommended,274310,11698911,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,xXxKulakKillerxXx,not worth the money or the time
,Recommended,274310,11770954,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Razor,"I dont even know what to write really for this review , I enjoyed it that much I don't want to spoil anything....You make decisions, and they have outcomes... and sometimes you just need a means-to-an-end.How much sacrafice is that endgame worth ???The trailer for the game might make it seem like a strange game -- It is worth the buy....Get the game :)It's not often a game this cheap offers quality enjoyment."
,Recommended,274310,11774519,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,CinematicVision,"After diving into the game and going through hours of my character's journey, I fell in love with the game. Though, it may have boring sections here and there I really enjoyed it. It captured a great view of the bad aspects of life and reminds us that things may not always be perfect. It gives hope and sometimes takes it away. This game was a great and allowed me to have a unique experience. I recommend it to anyone looking for a good story."
,Recommended,274310,11756223,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Dead Charles,"Cemented  in the struggles of everyday life, Always Sometimes Monsters focuses heavily on the morality, ethics and distance we are willing to travel for our desires. Although it suffers a little from linearity (choices against this essentially end with 'you did this, game ends here then'), there are many different paths and decisions you can choose to follow, and for that I highly recommend it.P.S. you'll regret selling ladybird :("
76561198125573782,Recommended,274310,11760612,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,2PLY,"I lit a camp fire for some old coot, it gave me the option to walk on it and I died horribly - 10/10In all seriousness though I would give it closer to a 6/10, with only a soft-recommend due to some game design choices.It's a hard game to point out my exact reason for the just slightly above average score without getting into spoilers. The story is really the reason to play this and how choice in it was handled at certain points (in terms of game design) are why I had to take points away.Suffice it to say it was a geniunely interesting journey, that is designed in such a way to turn the decisions you made throughout the game into a meaningless illusion, all the while it sold itself on the idea that it was doing the opposite.Anything that truly determines the final outcome happens within the last few moments and you're given full control in choosing them right then and there regardless of past actions.That is a pretty major flaw for this sort of game in my opinion. It makes everything else you had given serious thought and consideration into choosing pretty much pointless.You could theoretically experience all endings on a single playthrough if you save before these final choice moments, then reloading and playing the last 10-20min~ while choosing different combinations of options ""A or B"" instead.That's really not what the game makes itself out to be while you're going through it all, and all things considered I found that fairly disapointing to discover.Bottom line is;It creates the illusion of your choices throughout the entire game mattering and being the cause of your end result. However that is just not how it plays out or how it was designed to work, which is unfortunate since it would otherwise be the thought provoking work of art many people claim it to be."
,Recommended,274310,11897618,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Jimangi,"As much as there is to like and love about Always Sometimes Monsters there's also plenty to hate. If you're willing to put up with frequent, forced, awful minigames and occasionally being judged by the narrative for actions that you (at least as far as I could tell) had no choice but to carry out then there's something great in here, though I can't possibly tell you that you SHOULD play it.It also has the least sexy obligatory strip club I've seen in a video game, and that's saying a lot."
,Not Recommended,274310,11872254,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,420CoolChick666,"I really want to be able to recommend this game....but I can't. Always Sometimes Monsters has a lot of potential but is just lacking overall. The pace is juuuuust slow enough to be considered a hindrance, and while it is definitely a game that makes you think about the morality of your choices, there's a final step it isn't taking. In the end nothing really ends up having consequence. I got it half off so it's not like I'm upset about buying it, and honestly I think I would have been okay paying $10 even because it does have a lot of good qualities. But overall it sits pretty neutral with me so if I had to say yes or no, I'd say no- the bottom line is you're not missing a life changing experience by NOT playing this.I'm not completely done and I do plan to finish and maybe play again to see if much changes depending on your choices, but I'm far enough along where I'm pretty sure my feelings won't change by the end. Again, the game isn't awful by any means, but I can't exactly justify raving over it.One thing that did really frustrate me though: the game quits when you try to take a screenshot! Another review had stated this but stupid me tried to do it anyway, and of course I was right in the middle of something...waaaay annoying. I wonder if this is something with games made in RPG Maker? because To The Moon does the same thing...except instead of quitting the game pauses, which I think is a thing Always Sometimes Monsters could use to incorporate to save some frustration."
,Recommended,274310,11850012,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,CrimsonXPsycho,I Don't Really Write reviews But im going to try...... No i'm notThe game was really good i enjoyed it but near the end it took me a bit to finish. But i finally beat the game and i didnt win the girl back so ya.
,Recommended,274310,10721448,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Vulpinaut,Accidentally became a lesbian and was subsequently invited to an orgy by a weaboo in a van all within 5 minutes of starting the game10/10
76561198027230594,Recommended,274310,10512269,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,HeroTen,"Always Sometimes Monsters was great while it lasted, even though you ended up feeling empty you can always re-do your choices in another life even though I must say I'am dissapointed in the fact that I couldn't make my own life after the ending hell even claim my lover at a later date if he/she left our second protaganist Sam but non the less as said earlier the game was good while it lasted."
,Recommended,274310,10512479,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Zeth,"I tend to avoid games made in RPG Maker engine, mostly because of the annoying turn-based combat getting in the way of the actual story. I honestly do not care if the character had to kill all the chickens on the way to get to the end, especially since I had to waste so much time in random encounters with angry squirrels on the way.Always Sometimes Monsters thankfully doesn't have any of that nonsense, which means that the developers had more time to focus on the actual story. There are few minigames here and there, but those are pretty much optional maybe except for one that player will have to go through if they chose to do the things the hard (also more honest) way. Provided they will get to that point though. But more about that later.GameplayAs I mentioned earlier, the game was apparently made in an RPG Maker engine, I think it was RPG Maker VX Ace to be precise but apart from short mention on the forums, I didn't really do too much investigation about that. What I do know though is that the control scheme is your everyday RPG Maker-ish one. You move the character with cursor keys, you take actions and pass the dialogue with space or Enter (by the way you can't skip through the dialogue) keys you can speed up your walking with left shift key, and go to the menu with ESC key. There is no options menu so you can't rebind the keys to something ""more comfortable"" such as standard WASD scheme I would use since it'd allow me to play the game with one hand. But then again you don't really need mouse so having that hand on the cursor keys shouldn't be a problem. It's matter of personal preference more than anything else. The graphics is your everyday RPG Maker chibi style pixel-art kind of style, whole thing runs in a window which you can't resize, although you can turn it into fullscreen with a key if you want. Again it's up to personal preference. On top of roaming around talking with random people, you can also play some minigames that have similar control scheme. There is a time limit tied to the story which I feel is kinda standard to games like that. That brings me toStoryThis is where this game's main strength is coming from. Without spoiling too much it's about human relationships and choices one has to make on daily basis. At the beginning you get to chose your protagonist and their partner, all is good and well, everybody's happy and looking forward for what future brings. Then about a year later things got a bit bumpy - Your didn't get a dream job, you broke up with your partner, landlord is getting mad at you because you forgot to pay rent, and on top of that you get an invitation to from your ex who is getting married at the end of the month. From this point you take a long journey and it's up to you what steps you take and what choices you make along the way. Not every choice is easy to make and you'll often end up deciding between what is ""moral"" or what is ""lesser evil"" or flat out ""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ move"". No matter what you choose, there will always be a consequence. Kind of a ""choose your own adventure"" kind of story which gives the game good replay value. You have 30 in-game days to get from where you are to the place where wedding should take place, and it's a long journey. Each day is split into three parts (Morning, Afternoon, Night) and it goes on as you complete each task such as having a conversation with key character, or taking a nap etc. On top of that you need to keep your character fed, because sleeping with empty stomach isn't very good idea needless to say that food costs money and you don't really have too much to spare which adds to kind of a desperate atmosphere.ConclusionSince this game is so heavily focused on the story and since it's made in RPG Maker, there'll be a lot of text for you to read. A looot of reading soIf you are expecting more action-focused adventure, get bored with long dialogues which you can't skip through, or don't like reading at all, well you might want to give this one a pass.If you're looking for a game where story actually matters to you at all, You might want to give Always Sometimes Monsters a shot."
76561198131882734,Recommended,274310,10553249,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Matt69_2007,Very fun game with very nice replayability. Ultimately you will end up heading towards the same place but how you get there is the fun part of this game.
76561198054065663,Recommended,274310,10596472,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,The_Iceman,"This game is a treat. It gives you so many options to be a saint or a monster that you have to question everything you choose to do. I highly recommend this game. Trust me, it will not disappoint."
,Recommended,274310,10488104,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,rosewaterkaren000,"I usually do not write reviews but this is an exception. This game is really rich in its meaning to life. I would tell you some of my own philosophies of life but that would spoil the meaning of the game. Yes, sometimes choices are so hard to make but when you think you did the right thing, others walk away, heartless, and you suffer the consequence. Sometimes you would feel selfish but the world is a kill or be killed/eat or be eaten world. This game give you a taste of life and what it is to be human. Tbh I love the plot and you can expect everything to be an aspect of the human flaw. Though there were some surprising outcomes. This game has opened my mind about new philosophies. Spectacular game and plot! I love how the creator of this game decided to add life decisions and philosophies into this game! The creator did it well so that there isn't anything cheesy and predictable. Even though this game isn't a masterpiece in art, it is in story and in meaning and I agree with most of the philosophies in this game. It is true that people may be always sometimes monsters. We just hope we won't be a victim.I wish there was a sandbox mode. Sometimes I would get confused of where to go since every place is so big. But I like the place big. I give it 9.5/10"
,Recommended,274310,10508884,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,CriDZ924,"Surprisingly well written, I found the first three quarters of the game very enjoyable. The story offers you many different opportunities to shape the outcome of the story which is refreshingly deep for an indie game. You feel the pressure of your character's struggle throughout the story and every decision has a lasting effect which forces you to think of the consequences of your actions.Unfortunately the final quarter of the game seems to completely throw away the decisions made as every ending is extremely similar. Great journey, very disappointing finale."
,Recommended,274310,14312483,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,aurxus,Always sometimes monsters is a game that shows you how decisions can effect outcomes and has a great life story line. Would recommend 100%
76561198137307508,Not Recommended,274310,13310320,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Literary Angel,"This game looked interesting on the surface, and at first, it was pretty cool. But it started dragging by, so slow. I will say I do regret buying this game. It isn't worth the price. Maybe a two dollar game? Or free? But not 10 bucks. My advice? Watch a playthrough if you want to experience the story. At least that way, you can skip the tedious grinding bits."
,Recommended,274310,13584831,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,stalin.png,THIS GAME RUINED MY LIFE10/10
,Recommended,274310,12212178,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Space Gandhi,This game is always sometimes awesome.But fo real it's a great game if you want a compeling story thats fairly grounded to reality but the gameplay is fairly scarce. Think of always sometimes monsters as more of a really interactive visual novel. Not that much gameplay but the storys kick♥♥♥♥♥P.S. On the box stacking job in the second city dont be a dumbass like me and stack 100+ boxes you dont get anything and you die a little inside when you realise you spent half an hour stacking boxes to any music other than the Tetris theme
,Recommended,274310,10900097,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Mephistopheles,I orphaned children then pet a barking cat.10/10
76561198067992405,Recommended,274310,13025326,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,PerturbedMel,I spent so much time killing pigs that i wasn't able to focus on the emotional and deep story unfolding around me.
,Recommended,274310,13131358,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,frostedmist,"This game was... wow. I just finished my first playthough but I don't know if I'm gonna play it again. It was wonderful and I am really curious about all the different endings and possibilities, but I think with this kind of games one just has to accept their fate. I got a really sad ending, I'll admit it, but I'm proud of it, because it's what I'd have done in real life. It really left me with a bittersweet feeling that only the best games have, and it really inspired me to approach life in a more thoughtful way. It proved me that doing what you think it's right will leave you with no regrets, no matter what you'll end up with: always be true to yourself and no one will ever be able to hold it against you. And that no one is without sin, but everyone can be forgiven, even if we're Always Sometimes Monsters."
76561198098187527,Recommended,274310,13115224,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Mjzell,"Always Sometimes Monsters is a beautifully crafted game with an enchanting world that is easy to become entranced in.  The plot is easily relatable to anyone who has felt both the sweet and bittersweet sides of love and life, and is truly one of the finest stories I've experienced throughout the video games I've played.  THAT BEING SAID, there is flaws to Always Sometimes Monsters, and said flaws may turn some people away from the game.  However, I found the game too beautiful to walk away from, and would definetly recommend it to anyone who has the time to play it."
,Recommended,274310,13061862,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Madosuki,"This game has flaws, but I think it's succeeds in what it's trying to do. While the gameplay is not particularly fun or memorable, it's intresting to see the way you play out a whole section of someone's life, and where it goes. The story isn't always particularly exciting or engaging, but it's still imersive in some way. The main reason I like this game so much is it's a  step away from a lot of common place things in games, like leveling up and health bars and constant battles or puzzles. It's an attempt at interactive art, and while it doesn't do anywhere near as other attempts at similar concepts I've played *cough*Too The Moon*cough* It's still worth some money and atleast a few hours.Maybe get it on sale or in a bundle if you can, though."
,Recommended,274310,13062441,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,lolsorry,"I died unexpectedly when i chose to walk on fire in salt city while thinking ""nothing will happen, right?"". It was a good game and by now, it has multiple endings through different choices but that was the game is about, choices."
76561198047352573,Recommended,274310,13073082,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,GeminiDark,"Just now found out about stuff after the credits. So everything below this was before that. Sorry for the rush, I couldn't help it.Okay so the stuff after the credits is just minigames.Absolutely love it. I got this a while back, but never played it. I ended up deleting it from my computer until I saw someone play the beginning and decided to reinstall and play it. I'm glad I did. I don't remember exactly when, but I think I started around 5pm and played until about 11am, near the end of the game. I just now finished it, and I'm going to be replaying it from the start soon, after I see how the ending is affected by a certain choice at the end...As for an actual ""review,"" here we go:Always Sometimes Monsters isn't like whatever you're thinking it is. The game opens on a scene where you meet someone in a dark alley as you're attempting to quit your job as a contract killer. If you choose to listen, then you're told a brilliant story of the concept of choice, and an interesting tale of what it means to love someone.You'll be spending a lot of time doing odd jobs and making choices. In fact, those are the two main things in the game. There are some minigames, but they're all very easy and simple. Which is good, it keeps your focus on the story.The themes and choices in the game can range from incredibly dark to light hearted, though much of that is determined by you.I can't give this game a high enough recommendation. If nothing else, the humor and view points presented in the game make it worth playing through the end. My only complaint is that the in-story twist and the out of story twist are both too obvious, but that never really takes away from the experience. Though it does make me want to go back to that one choice and see what happens. The inclusion of the developers is a great touch, especially the Dubstown building.Again, I can't recommend this game enough. I absolutely love it and I feel like anyone who plays it will come away with something, even if they don't like Always Sometimes Monsters.Lastly, as just a note about something, at the very end of the story, ""his"" was said in reference to Sam, even though she was female at the time."
76561198090296992,Recommended,274310,13084866,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Hanikasnow,"I loved this game so much, I played it two times!"
76561198052261186,Recommended,274310,13152289,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Snowtown,"Quirky, adorable, and intensely charming."
,Recommended,274310,12971102,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,jinxdory,"Always Sometimes Monsters is an interesting look into a deadbeat writers life, as he tries to make it to his friends wedding. The story is interesting, the moral choices could have been better, and the game itself was kind of tedious. When you go into this story you REALLY go in, by working two repeating jobs at a temp agency, over, and over again. There is just a little too much dialogue, so it's easy to accidently skip through an important piece of the story. But overall it's an ok game, interesting visuals, pretty good story.7/10"
,Recommended,274310,12318063,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,EveryoneRunsFasterWithAKnife,"Support your indie game developers!This is a great game that's slow and tedious at parts, but tells a story and delves into life and character exploration like you have probably not played before. I love these guys and would buy a game from them any day. The graphics might turn you off as they look like some poor SNES quality, but the music and story will hook you for at least one playthrough."
,Recommended,274310,12243755,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Lancer,"Very fun, really good music and atmosphere. Really makes you think about what's truly important in life, about your own decisions about love and ethics. Really has a lot of replay value. A must play~"
76561198122354912,Recommended,274310,12244966,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Aliganna,"Is a cute game if you want casual play. Every action you choose will affect the story but it plays like a choose your own ending book, mixed with a sim kind of feeling. I enjoyed it but if you are looking for something challanging and/or exciting, this isn't it."
,Recommended,274310,12257875,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Keabane,As close to perfect as I have seen in a story telling game!
76561198067834012,Recommended,274310,11314295,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,TheArkatex117,"Always Sometimes Monsters is a game i would recomend. With witty dialouge, questions that define you morales, and all those dark points in the game. Well writen, it provides quite the experiance. However, my problem with the game isn't a sucky ending, or a simple point of insult, much rather my proble lies in the game itself... literaly.There I am, about to make an important choise, or just walking down the hallway, or just transitioning from place to place, then all of a sudden my screen goes black. The audio is still running! I can still access the windows screen! Nothing is frozen except for the game. Even worse, I have to start all over again! You see, it effected all my saves, and packing boxes over and over again is not fun. I tried to uninstall it then reinstall, didn't work. I went through the games files and it didn't work. Until this bug is fixed, I'm afraid it puts a handicap on the amount of enjoyment you can have. I still recommend it though, and I realise that not everyone will have this bug, but i hope that such a bug is fixed soon."
76561197969189419,Recommended,274310,11162851,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Haxes,"Despite being depressing I really enjoyed it.  It's heavily story driven with not much actual gameplay to speak of, but honestly sometimes that's perfectly fine with me.  It drives you to hard decisions and deals with a lot of mature themes like drug addiction, murder, corruption, suicide, and animal abuse just to name a few.My only complaint is despite trying to be a good person and being successful in that for most of the game I was viewed as a ""Monster"" for the few bad things I did do and got a pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥ending.  Overall though I'm a sucker for retro SNES style graphics, and I love story based games that revolve heavily around player choice so this game was right up my alley."
,Recommended,274310,10821333,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Brunty54,"A bleak semi-RPG set in the Modern World. Prepare to sleep outside, face terrible bosses and generally be screwed over by life. 10/10"
76561198030974782,Recommended,274310,10814729,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Murdock,"Really interesting game, left me questioning my choices for much of the game, i even felt actual guilt at points in the game.Fantastic game, about 5-8 hours of gameplay, i recomend it"
76561197973440472,Recommended,274310,26307094,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Affenmann,"A pleasant surprise. Not without flaws, but deeper than expected.8/10"
76561198084739074,Recommended,274310,25732868,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Don Noah Lotts,"I don't remember a game where I felt so clearly that my choices mattered, and had weight to them.  Excellent story!"
76561197986960927,Recommended,274310,25846227,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Nelson,",but offers content-wise as much as those ftp mobile games of the same genre, so do yourself a favor and buy it half price."
76561198282968014,Recommended,274310,22027135,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,SleepyQueen,"just started playing, and it's really cute and funjust save often, and choices really do matter"
76561198005538187,Not Recommended,274310,25915386,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,gaius.baltar,"This is one of the worst games I have ever played. The interface is super cheap and buggy (e.g. forcing you to open the general menu to access your inventory, or being unable to get a proper full screen mode), the game makes a big deal of ""life choices"" but is actually painfully linear, and the mini quests are beyond boring. I gave up after a few hours, even though I had high hopes for this game."
76561198057377068,Recommended,274310,26897901,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,sweetest Of sour,A heart wrenching tale with a lot of twists and I'm only doing this for the nomination thing buts its a good game
76561198079937884,Recommended,274310,27018530,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,B.I.P.S.,An introspective that doesn't judge you for your choices. The game merely watches and lets you decide if you did the right thing.
,Recommended,274310,26501545,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,gamergrrrl,"Really fun game. Lots of freedom. Surprisingly one of the best ""choices matter"" type of game. There are some huge moral dillemas throughout, and often ""the right choice"" isn't easy, or clear. And there are consequences... I've actually felt guilty for one of my choices, and it's a ♥♥♥♥ing game. But yeah 100% reccomend to anyone, it's definitely worth full price."
,Recommended,274310,26639266,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,POD7,"I applaud this game for letting you not only choose your avatar, but also your love interest, only to have the latter taken from you, with the game being about trying to get them back. The writing is fine; it felt more... honest than usual, I guess. My main issue is that it SEEMS like there are things to do besides the main quest, but really those just end up as distractions, and you're better off doing what you need to do to finish the main quest. Including save scumming at a casino. Would like to see what the group behind this could do with a big budget."
76561198019420645,Not Recommended,274310,26762542,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[ShIN].Bear,"Ending doesn`t do justice to the game, the game offers the illusion of choice and then makes the ending based in a single conversation piece, everything else you do in the game is not rewarded nor punished."
76561198154261780,Recommended,274310,26691686,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,jykes,"I actually got the time to play this game again after I bought it, I just let it sit in my library while playing other games.When I played it again until the end, I was like WOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!! THIS GAME ALLOWS ME TO MASTURBATE WHILE SHOWERING!10/10 on the game itself11/10 for the masturbate feature. (16's my record ♥♥♥♥♥♥h!)"
76561198084502151,Recommended,274310,26960561,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ThaliaMiau,"""Our feelings are all relative to our experiences"""
,Recommended,274310,19597049,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,under stars,I CAN'T DO ANYTHING RIGHT WHY AM I SUCH A FAILURE??? IS THIS LIFE TELLING ME I'M A♥♥♥♥♥♥ADULT??? WOW.
,Recommended,274310,19687322,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Seraphina,"THIS GAME IS AWESOME!!!!!!When I first bought this game, I thought I wasnt going to like it. I am usually not interested in 8-bit indie games like this (my sin is Third Person Shooters) and out of a whim I just put it in my cart and said ♥♥♥♥ it. 10/10 would do it again. This game is whatever you like it to be. The laughs are genuine and the choices you make are regretful! Just like life!My Cons:-Viper-My luck is horrible-Boxes-Enter button makes decisions for me :'(My Pros:-Fighting for love is exhausting-Bacon Burgers every night and staying in shape-Really nice friends-Overall Criminal ActivityI would recommend to anyone who will listen. This game is a must play.9/10And now to patiently wait for Sometimes Always Monsters :'("
,Recommended,274310,10466294,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Diego,"One of the most beautiful games I have ever played. What some reviews have said about the repetition in this game is true. It does get repetitive with some tasks. I feel like this is the point of this game though. You travel through an average persons life on an unique and inspiring journey. There are slow points, and there are high points. There are happpy points and sad points. so is the journey of life, and so is this masterpiece of a game. I sincerely hope you choose to drop the $10 for the once in a lifetime experience of always sometimes Monsters."
,Recommended,274310,10478877,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Jacksonh2,"This game was great, it has a good RPG feel and doesn't lose the story throughout the game. I am on my 2nd playthrough and have made different choices that can alter the whole game. 9/10."
,Recommended,274310,10497203,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Eurmal,Amazing game. An adventure rpg tackling heavy themes while at the same time managing to keep a kick in it's step from some well placed humour. One of the most engrossing experiences in gaming I have had this year.
76561198089954745,Recommended,274310,10647359,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Amlin,"Always Sometimes Monsters: The game about you.Unlike most rpgs where you're immersing yourself into the shoes of another person, Always Sometimes Monsters takes a different approach and asks you the question: ""What would YOU do?"" and that is the game in a nutshell.It asks you to be honest with yourself, to play through the story with the mindset that you are the pixilated sprite that's moving around the world.  Thus the game becomes more an exercise on self-discovery and seeing how high or low you would go if thrust into similar situations, when you're backed into a corner would you really do what you did in game.In the end the game is handicapped mechanically due to the limitations of the RPG Maker engine but solid writing throughout covers those shortcomings easily.  On occasion the writing can be a bit pretentious which adds a bit of disconnect seeing as the game is willing on to poke fun of the game and the developers themselves joke about in a cameo.With branching avenues to take with every choice you make the game lends itself to multiple playthroughs which if you decide to play through all of them which could take you 15+ hours depending on if you skip through parts you've already seen.  Considering the price of the game if length is a factor in your purchases with its current price there's little reason not to pick it up if you're interested in a game about self discovery."
,Recommended,274310,10441617,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,ParaRat,"Always Sometimes Monsters is a game that deals with the subject of life, here meaning that it ♥♥♥♥♥ all over you throughout. Its as if Charles Bukowski designed an oldschool RPG. You'll either find the storyline patronising or poignant, and although the action doesnt thrill you like say, The Walking Dead, it is strangely morish, more so than Papers Please.7/10"
,Not Recommended,274310,10454702,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Dog Dreams,"Thought there would be a lot more to it, but overall it was bland. There were many choices, yes, but they were not impacting ones. Boring dialogue and boring gameplay, and the ending was not that good. Do not recommend buying, just watch a walkthrough."
,Recommended,274310,10527934,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Jazzghul,Don't go in expecting to have fun in the traditional sense. Expect to learn just how awful you could be if circumstances dictated it. Expect to feel dread and depression at every step. If you don't come away feeling emotionally exhausted you are a robot. And not the good kind of robot.
,Recommended,274310,10531886,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Noxid,Very fun not sure how much its different when u replay it
,Recommended,274310,17655123,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,kdandsheela,"This game is far more linear than the store page led me to believe. The game would do well to help you out a bit more and sometimes it's very unclear about how to progress. However, it has an interesting tone and unpredictable story. And even though many of the game mechanics are either hidden or not fully explained it's one of the more polished of the ""RPG maker looking"" games."
76561198052647872,Recommended,274310,17529454,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,LilMorganNotSoFreemanVert,"I would rate this game 9/10, the only reason i would not rate it a 10 is because no game is perfect, but this game is pretty close. The choices you make actually matter here, the story is amazing. You are a writer who lost the love of your life, how far will you go to get them back?"
,Recommended,274310,17533816,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Sulk,"A great and unique game that will make you wonder where the hours you have spent in it have ran off to. It captures the human psyche really well and it shows off that every action has a reaction. You can be as nice and caring as you can and still end up on the streets, while also being able to rob and deceit yourself towards your goal. Be a saint or be a monster, the choice is up to you. But remember: every choice you make ripples throughout the game and that one decision you made a few hours earlier may end up biting yourself or your friends in the♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,274310,17727475,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Тот еще гусь,"I will never forgive developers for making me carry over 90 boxes one by one from one corner of the map to another. And after box number 99 I accidentally pressed F12.....yeah, so much time wasted, geniusTo the point: the game is boring. Most of the time you spend by collecting money/items to give to npcs. Bring this, do that, collect money by doing repetitive moves on location - very interesting gameplay :/The soundtrack is monotonous, becomes annoying after some time spending in one location doing the same ""take this-put there"" thing.The story didn't impress me, too predictive."
76561198120954776,Recommended,274310,18164610,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Dawton :3,One of the best RPG's I've played it has a beautiful story of sadness and love :P10/10 would play this game over again!
,Recommended,274310,16266142,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,84th | Locklear ♞,"Fantastic game that I've played many times over. You feel real attachment to not only your own character and the ♥♥♥♥ they have to go through, but quite inexplicably, you find yourself yearning to be reunited with your character's ex, which I found surprising considering how little is revealed about them until later in the story. You just know from the moment you start a new game that the person you choose to play and their other half (also chosen by you) are meant to be together and that's it. Perhaps that's what it is to be human...but then humans (like the title of the game suggests) are always sometimes monsters. Sometimes you might find yourself doing bad things, for yourself, to try and achieve a greater good that you are aiming for. This game lets you explore that concept and it is utterly captivating. I hope Vagabond Dog do more games like this, because it will be an instant buy from me."
,Not Recommended,274310,17434241,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,mightybutt,"I bought this game after I read the summary because it sounded interesting. I played it for almost a whole day until I got stuck at the boxing part. I really think the boxing part of the game is not fair. It doesn't seem to fit the gameplay and it feels out of place. It's so much more difficult than the rest of the game and it is so challenging and random. I really like the game, but I feel like because of the boxing I will ever be able to get to the ending of the game. I think it should have been created a bit easier. Also, I think jobs should give more money. It's very repetitive and could get boring after a while. Without these things I feel like I would have gotten a lot more enjoyment while playing Always Sometimes Monsters."
76561198046449539,Recommended,274310,17936156,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,PkCurbstomp,"This is one of the few games that I've played that actually feels like an authentic experience. Always Sometimes Monsters offers decisions that actually affect story and plot progression, which makes allows you to experience the game in your own shoes.Overall, its a good story and interesting experience. I will say that the moments where you had to grind to move on were a bit tedious. However, I do think it adds to the overall tone of the game, and am glad that the developers decided to add that in."
76561198188405338,Recommended,274310,18012958,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Sir Crackalakin,"The basic quest structure in this game is about as video gamey as it gets, grinding included. Go on a mission, collect things, deliver things, fulfill objectives.At the same time, it tries to do something fresh - even the grinding in the game is a commentary on grinding in games - and introduces you to the kind of characters that feel new, or at least rare, to video games.Probably the best complement I can give the game is that the choices it gives you are genuinely interesting and - coupled with the interesting characters - it's a pretty immersive narrative experience.I know it's sucessfully built a little world in my head because now that I'm finished, I already kind of miss it.Looking forward to the sequel."
,Not Recommended,274310,18720497,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,lisapalooza,Cool concept is lost in the pretentious tone.
,Not Recommended,274310,18780247,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,sin(π),♥♥♥♥ing trashcan game.
,Recommended,274310,30497467,Posted: 13 March,all,无情 | 57nG,"I felt sort of speechless on writing a review about this, because this game is surely not for everyone as it might cause one to be either bored or emotional (who might just have broke up in a relationship as it surely does give the ""hope"" for the people who still couldn't step forward yet in life, unfortunately life doesn't work that way). Well, nevermind forget about it. :/My positive point of view:- This game actually did a really great job on delivering the messages and it shows us what kind of the world we live in.- The gameplay was good, I was confused for the first hour, but then I gotten more curious on what kind of outcome it's going to be.- The soundtrack, not bad.- The story, is really good. It's all based on your decisions made, some choices given were pretty tough for me to pick though. Honestly I couldn't even decide which is good or bad ending, as it was all like, exchanging misery with one and another just for own happiness or for other's. Sad reality, eh? At least to me, yes.I highly recommend this game for people who are more into experiencing and stories in games."
,Recommended,274310,11074824,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Hunter 2-1,"First, and most importantly, you should not go into this with any preconcieved notions about anything. Don't assume this game is going to be one way or another. Play it, all the way through the roughly 6 hour story, and take it for what it is: a personal game about choice.Now, then. Always Sometimes Monsters is a story heavy RPG-esque game. It contains themes that are big in modern society, and manages to still handle them gracefully. Though I have played one run(and plan to do a few more), I feel what I have seen and played is a solid feel for what the game has to offer. This game is, in the weirdest sense, trying nbot to be a game, but more a narrative that takes place within the constraints of a video game.This litle tidbit is explored in a neat post-credits cutscene.I thoroughly enjoyed the 8 hours I've played so far, and I find that this was definitely a good investment. However, this is a review, so it should be lookedat from an objective standpoint. Please keep in mind, I have only done one full playthrough, so I can only vouch for certain aspects.Characters: The characters are, to be frank, very fun. They have enjoyable lines which can make you laugh, cry, and possibly be very angry. I played as a standard white-bread hero, chasing a pretty white girl, so the story didn't incorporate race, sexuality, or gender into it, because it was a fairly standard setup in a video game. My character was, while a bit whiny, quite likeable. I wonder how much the actual lines spoken by your character change from person to person. The characters are flawed, but they don't have a hell of a lot of depth to them. You can really only take what you see on the surface, because we so rarely se the inner thoughts and emotions of these people. Other than that, I found the characters well-made, if a bit shallow.Gameplay: You're going to pressing the spacebar a lot in this game. Gameplay usually stays on the standard path of learning about people, picking dialogue options, and sifting through menus. However, occasionally, the game deviates and has little set minigames(althoughgamescould hardly be used to describe them. They serve as very rudimentary tasks made to earn money to pay for food and bus tickets to other cities. They are, quite possibly, the biggest downfall of this game. They are boring. They're dull, repetitive, and they put you to sleep. They wouldn't be an issue were it not for the fact that they play an essential part in the game. You need money, and to get it, you have to do these jobs. It kills any pacing the story has, and just creates boring, mind-numbing situations for the player. I understand that the guys at Vagabond Dog were probably making them like this to make the point that ""Yep, work sucks, but you've gotta do it."" It doesn't make the task any less tedious, and the gameplay any less ♥♥♥♥ing monotonous.The Story: This is the big part here, people. Unluike most games, where gameplay is your primary concern, this gameneedsa good story, otherwise it's no better than half the trash we have in the industry. Fortunately, Always Sometimes Monsters does have a good story. I wouldn't say that it's oscar-worthy, nor is it even gold-star writing. But it's certainly noteworthy, and holds it's own against other story based games. The writing is good enough to keep the player invested in the story, and the actual dialogue feels natural and like how it would sound in real life... usually. There are times when the lines just don't feel like they click, but I digress. The story keeps the player involved in the growing world around it, and your choices form the story around you. You could choose not to rob your neighbor for money... And people will bring it up, later on. The choices have an impact(However slightly) and it's nice to see them constantly coming back.Replayability: Come on, do I really have to say it? There are plenty of ways to replay this. Maybe you play as a black man with a white woman. Or a woman with another woman! Or a black woman with a white woman. Or a white man with a black man. Do I have to go on?All in all, Always Sometimes Monsters may not be the greatest game there was. It may not go down in history as one of the great story-based games ever. But it certainly deserves your time, and shows that there is still some creativity left in the gaming industry. You may find yourself enjoying what the game has to offer, or you may find yourself hating it all the same. The thing is, that's still choice. And after all, choice is one of the only things we truly have in this world. Don't waste it.On a side note, one of the few things that really bugged me was the post-gamer. Maybe I am not fully exploring, or I'm missing something, but it seems like the sole purpose was to play the little games that Vagabond Dog put in their big game. I find it a little lasy, but I don't plan on playing post-game.Edit: After having finished a second runthrough, I will say, not a hell of a lot changes. You will want to playthrough to try different choices placed throughout, and to see various different scenes that are affecxted by your choices. After the second run, I've only come to love this game more."
,Recommended,274310,12076188,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,synapse16,"Very unique and interesting game. A lot of thought went into creating story and characters. Very deep development and many choices throughout the game.Attempts to represents life in a very real way tackling prejudice, drugs and addiction, bigotry, homelessness, debt, hopelessness, corruption and love.Strangely addictive. Very worth the price."
,Recommended,274310,12168544,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Gunpuppy,"I'm not sure how to really start reviewing this game...It's riddled with mini-games, some better than others (I really hated the boxing, I'll just say that) but overall, this is not what this game is about.Always Sometimes Monsters is a decision-simulator; you screwed up your life, your ex invites you to his/her wedding, and you try and get there.You make decisions. Some good, some bad. You never know. Not until your first playthrough.Because this is a game that requires multiple playthroughs to really ""grasp"" it, and see all of its endings.But I guess that's kind of the point. You can play as a character with which you recognize yourself, that you can play as yourself really. It's part relationship simulator, so you can have straight/gay relationships no problem, part eNovel.And the game can be emotionally hard. Myself, I took a decision at the end which resonated with my own personal history and decisions in the past. And I did have a tightening of my heart. Because I recalled that moment and it made me actually tear up a bit.But then, the elation that comes with knowing that, right now, I'm good.The more I think about it, the more I feel it's an introspection simulator. You get from the game what you put into it. You can be good or you can be bad. The choice is definitely yours. Just like in real life.And as you play, especially on the first playthrough, you'll take decisions... which later on, you might regret taking. Or you may not, especially if you want to know what happens in the storyline if you take a decision instead of another.Bottom line is, I am not sure how to review this game.I can definitely recomment this game, that's a given.But I'm not sure how to describe it or how to review it.Other than ""it's worth the money"", I don't know what else to say..."
,Recommended,274310,12145871,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Low,"The story was actually quite interesting about your journey on trying to get the love of your life back but then towards the ending it was alright. I guess it's cause the ending was a ""forever on-going ending"" where you're just stuck in the house.There were so many different choices you can make to lead you onto the next city and I'd say those were the best parts since I've stolen so many things from little kids to old people and then I even killed some."
76561198060611359,Not Recommended,274310,12169755,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Sir_ Hudson,Always Somtimes Monsters is a very boring game i usaly like games wher the things you do in it might be a consacwest fore the futer but this how ever well this game is just not fun very boring the story is prty bad and preditable3/10
,Not Recommended,274310,11341572,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,ccarico,"It was an OKAY game. It just never felt like it lived up to it's promises of this big decision making RPG. You basically get to travel to 5 towns and make decisions in 4-8 different events that are all vaguely related.Events never felt like they hinged on your every decision. Even major decisions never felt like you accomplished much; at one pointyou are tasked with rigging an election (out of ♥♥♥♥ing nowhere, I know) where the outcome is essentially based off of a small series of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mini-games that slow you down and a final press Red button for outcome/candidate A or Blue button for outcome/candidate B"". You never really give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the town, you just follow the flow of the game and do as it says. You arrive in a town and rig an election in as little as 3 days and leave.Overall. you just never grow attached to things, you just make decisions like a casual observer that has no real investment in the characters. All your decisions are just means to the end and the feel hollow."
76561198082331544,Recommended,274310,11273717,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Bee,Always Sometimes Monsters: Boring Job Simulator 2014.
,Recommended,274310,21095284,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,east boast,I've never come so hard at 16 bit lesbians
,Recommended,274310,21088889,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,ciara.calleja,"Remember those ""choose your own adventure books"" you read as a child? This game fills that simple void. It's real, interesting, and you become invested in the character and, like in our own every day lives, question the choices that are made. Are you making the most morally right decision, or the easiest?I bought this game as my first Steam purchase after seeing a good friend play it and attempt to explain it to me, and it piqued my interest greatly - and I don't regret the decision I made.The game is easy, fun, and low-key enough that you can waste a few hours on it when you just want something to loose yourself in without getting too invested.It's a decent purchase and has a lot of re-playability that makes it worth the price."
,Recommended,274310,20696991,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,illusionistiic,"I see a lot of negative reviews for this game but to be honest, I quite enjoyed it. Played through it three times to see the diffrent endings, and yea, the choices you make really affect how your life turns out. There is a lot of repetitive work invovled in earning the money you need to progress but I mean, if you're willing to put in the work, it's not so bad! Only complaint I had was how the ending kind of just... fades out, for lack of better words. There wasn't a whole lot of closure but I guess that's life! I have and will continue to recommend this game, and will likely replay it again myself."
,Recommended,274310,21134178,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Lonesome Dreams,"I'm not sure how to rate this. The main plot was interesting. The idea was actually a little bit cliché because I've seen enough movies to know, where this game is going to end but those plot twist changed my mind. Some of the passages were kinda annoying (especially those meaningless long texts that didn't bring you anything to story) but I would close an eye about this. What I really like is that it depends on your choices if you will be a good person or you will become a monster. Also kudos to graphics of this game because I've never seen such an amazing graphics in a RPG Maker Game."
,Recommended,274310,21399865,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,MashiroKunaMae,Sofa King Fast. 10/10
,Recommended,274310,21418928,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Gamer,"To be honest with you guys and ladies, I'm not a huge RPG game-player but after playing this beautiful game, it changed me a lot. This game....... is either beautiful, depressing, forgiveful, bittersweet, or really monsturous depending on the choices we make on this game. This game will give you moments of sadness, regret, anger, or being jealous (pretty realistic in our lives don't you agree?). Anywho I highly recommend this game if you're into story rich RPG games like these. Here's my real review.......Pros:+Story Rich+Choices Matter+Characters+Dialogue+Gameplay+Multiple EndingsCons:To be honest...... I actually can't think of any cons for this game. Which means this game gave me a positive feel about the gameplay and getting my attention on the storyline.I highly recommend this RPG game! :D"
,Not Recommended,274310,21334673,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Tox,Pretentious/10
,Recommended,274310,21480920,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,heavydirtysoul,"This was a fun story, I had thought the choices would matter more but I loosely followed one of the guides on here (I was worried about messing up!) and the ending turned out fine. There are, however, a lot of choices you can make, which I liked. I was in a rush to get to the final city, but you can afford to take your time. I wish I had taken a bit more time during my playthrough, but what's done is done. There are times that you have to grind to get cash and skipping that could lessen the game's enjoyablility. They're making a sequel right now and I would totally get it. This game also allows you to not only pick your gender, but the gender of your love interest (and no one bats an eye!). The wiki is horribly incomplete, I had missed some side stuff that is really circumstantial to get to, so it'd be nice if there was more support on that end, but all in all I would definitely get the game if you have nothing else better to do. Note: getting back to the game after a few weeks of not playing was tough, I had completely forgotten the storyline and what I was supposed to do, so jotting down notes after every session would be beneficial if you don't play this in one go (which I don't recommend)."
76561198274344925,Recommended,274310,21520271,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Psyc0,"I highly reccomend this game, go in with no spoilers or expectations"
76561198037180573,Recommended,274310,21223712,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,ScallywagThunder,If Darren Aronofsky directed a videogame.
76561198131030368,Recommended,274310,21211983,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,vicschaal,"Great game. Wish there were more games about real life.Only improvement I would suggest is adding more to the last city and some more sexual content. In the end, if I had been dumped by someone I would probably not say to a pretty one who wants to have sex together."
,Recommended,274310,20883302,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Chon Chorizo,"If you expect a large, open world rpg, then you will be disappointed but if you are looking for a short game with a lot of charm and a silly humor about it, pick this game up."
76561197988769164,Not Recommended,274310,20360011,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,neochivalry,"I want to like this game. A RPG in a contemporary setting, that doesn't involve saving the kingdom or mechs (as cool as those are). A RPG that examines the modern condition, its ups and downs, and the choices people always sometimes have to make. In some parts, it can be illuminating and daresay enlightening. The music is unique, each city and town has a subtle feel. The artwork, though not masterclass, is quite good. I almost, almost mind you, forget that I'm playing a game made in RPGMaker. I played it all the way to the end. I got every achievement (though they are checkpoint achievements, so not the greatest accolade). So, I want to like this game, but I don't. I find it interesting, promising, and quite unique. Indeed, this Toronto-born award-laden project makes me proud to be a Canadian gamer.  But at the end of 10+ hours, I am unwilling to recommend this game.For about 50% of the journey, there are interesting twists and turns. Interesting characters, insights, and questions raised. Your choices are, if not at least an illusion, actual choices. Then it comes off the rails in the final chapters. For all the choices made, the detail in people and places, the mood and atmosphere: the story begins to make less and less sense. Given certain paths in the story you choose: the ending can make a lot of sense or no sense. The storyteller's conceit from the top of the game can be brilliant or just downright bizarre. For all the great beginnings, the meat of the story before it: the ending is just a miss. This is not a gamer lamenting a bad ending that he didn't manage to avoid. Even on the ""good"" ending (or one of them, depending on your point of view), I was just confused. This is a game with a message, trying to tell us something we don't often hear. It is a game trying to do something that isn't a nostalgia trip to bygone JRPGs of yesteryear. Yet, it all falls apart.So, do I recommend this game? No, not to everyone.Do I hate this game? No, I am disappointed.Should they have not made it? Better to fail ambitiously than to succeed in mediocrity.I cannot recommend this game because, I feel, that it missed the execution of the ending. A story with a poorly handled ending is just the death of story-driven tales like ASM. Yet, I cannot bring myself to hate this game. For all the ending had failed; the promise of a great modern-day RPG that stands apart from all rivals: that is well worth trying. I would rather the boys and gals at Vagabond make the attempt and miss; than for no one to ever try. I cannot condemn this game as something that should never have been.  There is too much promise and hope in such a title. Even if you don't get the happiest ending possible (if one could call it that.)This is an interesting game that I hope Vagabond makes a similar attempt at. This is a game that other developers should strive to perfect. This is the sort of game that modern gaming we see more of and not less. So if you want to have a little inspiration, a little glimmer of what a unique game could be like, then buy this;  play it; and make it better. Indeed, keep an eye out for future games by this studio: they have a masterpiece in them: they just have to make it.~~~~~~~This is a Review Based from First Complete Playthrough. I intend to play it again as differently as I can manage to see if there is something hidden; something more that I missed the first time through. I sincerely doubt it; but upon second completion: I will add more here."
76561198054340463,Not Recommended,274310,20616788,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,JazzCoconut,"THE SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS LISTED FOR PLAYING THIS GAME ON A MAC ARE NO LONGER ACCURATE. IT REQUIRES 10.9 NOW.WOULDN'T YOU LIKE TO KNOW HOW I FOUND OUT?!?I played this game for nearly 5 hours in total. I want to guess I was halfway through it. (I just got to the trailer park, for those of you that know what that means.)I let my games update automatically and it's never given me trouble before. This game updates, and suddenly, I can no longer play it unless I update my IOS system.Maybe I'd update it, but I literally just updated my IOS system a month ago, and it was such a  pain in the♥♥♥♥♥that doing it again now would feel pretty ludicrous.  Not to mention, if I do end up updating my IOS system and decide to play this, I have to start the game all over again. While this game was interesting in concept, replaying the past 4.8 hours of menial work to buy bus tickets sounds a lot more boring than I want to admit. I really wanted to like this game, I knew it was building up to something, and now I don't get to experience what that something would've been.Luckily I bought this game when it was on sale, but that doesn't take away the dissapointment that after getting invested in my character and the story so much, I don't get to find out how my character's story ends.  Maybe if I got to finish the game, I would have given a good review."
,Not Recommended,274310,21249315,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,ADK Slider,"I expected so much more out of this game than what I got. Where there should have been depth, there were cliches; where there should have been heartfelt moments, there was a flat script that envoked no real emotions. After completing the game a few times I can honestly say this is a shallow and monotonous version of so many better games out there. It's not terrible, don't get me wrong. I just wouldn't recommend it to a friend. Read a summary about it instead and you might get more of the story than I did playing it."
76561198054650155,Recommended,274310,21017468,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,۩Nightingale۩,"I absolutely loved this game. I've finished all the achievements, played through it mulitple times and loved each one. It has humor, romantice scenes (which inspired me to write gain :D) and even provided a great story that is modern but still feels new... not sure if that makes sense.Either way 10/10 I reccomend it, if and only if you like 2 bit games with readable text. Your choices matter, they affect what you do and see... it's just too good.If you want something fun that will take your time and use it for something more interesting, this is the game for you.Thanks Vagabond, you guys are great! :) <3"
,Recommended,274310,21718862,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,spiritedrinoa,"Always Sometimes Monsters is a game of tough decisions. I really enjoyed the game play, even if I found it frustrating at times to have to choose between a bad option and a bad option (hi, real life). The final section has a nice part where you have to justify your actions (to your ex's parent), and your gameplay throughout will dictate which ending you get.The opening scene where you get to select your played character and the love interest is nicely done, offering variety in gender and race. It would have been interesting to see gender and race have an impact in how those around you interact, especially given the nature of the game."
76561198185386510,Recommended,274310,21853090,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Dr. Angel Black,This is a great game . 10/10
76561198131999526,Recommended,274310,21654469,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Ms. Rogue Kat,"Freaking awesome, this game really makes you think about how your choices will effect you and those around you. I can even replay it many times!"
76561198160776586,Recommended,274310,22012547,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Heather_Dianne,"Always Sometimes Monsters is a unique game that I quite enjoyed. There were a few things that could have been improved, but overall, I liked it. I will try my best to describe my experience that will hopefully influence your decision to buy or not.When I first launched the game, I was intrigued by the graphic style. Please note that the graphics were one of the reasons why I purchased the game since they reminded me a bit of MySim games. I had a lot of trouble initally with the controls. Nowhere in the main menu did they give you instructions of how to control the game. I could have looked it up on the Internet (which I did after ten minutes), but my first reaction was to randomly click around on my keyboard until I figured out everything I could do. But unfortually, I hit F12, which reset my game and I had to redo the first ten minutes I played over. At least I wasn't hours into it. After I realized I could plug my Xbox remote into my PC and use the controller to play, I have used that instead of the keyboard since.The game became addicting. I played hours on end, but tried to cut my time short of only playing 2-3 hours a day. Again, there was something that I had trouble with, and I had to do a little searching online. As the days progressed in-game, I wasn't sure what to do. I think that the developers could have put in a mechinism where, if the player is stuck, we could go to a spot in a menu to find a goal or something to figure out what to do. You'll notice (if you play) that there are times where you need to waste time in the day without a set goal in mind. That's where things get repeatative.As your chosen character, you want to get to San Vernadino (I might've spelt it wrong, sorry), but if you made mistakes along the way (again, you'll know what I mean if you play), you'll need to make money to buy bus tickets to get there. Luckily, in almost every town, there is a building where you go to find a job to work for the morning, afternoon, or evening. To get the certain amount needed, this process is repeated over and over again, and becomes tiresome. I can understand why some players quit at that point, but I say try not to. It feels quite rewarding when you finally have enough money to get to the next town.I've found that certain mini-games within the game are difficult. When you go to Salt City, you have to play a boxing mini-game if you don't want to go through with an alternative method. It was very difficult because I spent over an hour just on this because the mechanics were hard to figure out. When you reach this part, I'd suggest searching in the Always Sometimes Monsters discussions on Steam. Just search ""boxing game"", and there should be a post that will give you descriptive advice on how to beat it.Lastly, I want to talk about the ending. It left me kind of missing something. I don't know what other choices I could have made in the past that would have improved it, but I worried that choosing certain things in the last few minutes wouldn't have made a difference. I don't know for sure if this game has ""replay value"" or not because of the mini-games, but I'll find out. I definitely want to see if any other choices will change if I replay the game.So far, I have enjoyed this game a lot. Like I said, it reminds me of MySims, so it's kind of nostalgic since I played that game as a kid. This is the grown up version of MySims. It's addicting, enjoyable, and rewarding. Oh, and a quick tip for those of you who will decide to play: Save your game often. Don't save it on the ""auto"" save file, but on one of the other ones. That way, you can reload if you think you messed up. If you aren't sure of when to save, just save your game if you think something big will happen, or before you enter a building you were told to enter.7.5/10."
,Recommended,274310,22578796,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,attackonautumn,There's a sweet story hidden underneath this alleyway mattress of a game.
,Not Recommended,274310,22608084,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,brotatofarm,"I wanted to like this game. I think it has a lot of cool, innovative ideas. The roleplaying portion is fun, and I love that you can be gay and other characters will acknowledge it, in positive and negative ways. I enjoy the game's sense of humor. The fact that this was made in RPGmaker is impressive in itself.However, the game itself is kind of a chore. It's mostly about struggling to scrounge up any kind of cash you can, whether it be through doing odd jobs here and there, pawning off random♥♥♥♥♥♥ trying your hand at the lotto or investing in bacon stocks. At first this seemed great and open-ended, but in the end the only reliable way to make cash is really the odd jobs, which take the form of tedious mini-games, if they can be called that. Keeping yourself alive and making enough cash to purchase expensive ♥♥♥♥ing bus tickets to ultimately crash your ex-bae's wedding is basically the crux of the game, with some fun character interactions and quests thrown in there too. But there is so much focus on the least fun part of the game. I get that work is tedious, maybe they wanted to convey that feeling, in which case they succeeded. But they also bring the fun factor way down in doing so.I nearly gave up when I got to the town where you could literally play rock paper scissors for money. It literally does not get more basic and repetitive than that, folks.Always Sometimes Monsters is not a bad game, but I honestly don't want to play it anymore, I'm struggling to finish because it is that much of a drag at some points. It's also nowhere near as open as it seems to market itself as, and moderately linear.Again, not a bad game, but keep all those things in mind before purchasing. I'm 10 hours in and I just want it to end."
,Recommended,274310,22390000,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,"Spark Wright, Ultimate Attorney.","decent, bit forceful on the ""oh noe everything sucks"" part but great for killing some time"
,Recommended,274310,22662897,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Kitten Mittons!!,:)
,Recommended,274310,23010620,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,carolinabhering,still in awe. makes me feel like playing it over and over again.
76561198168325155,Recommended,274310,16350434,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Amelius,"I enjoyed this game, but looking back, it was not so good.Carrying some boxes for 30 minutes? Nope, not good at all. The boxing mini-game? Awful.This game is good in small ways, the story is nice and you actually make the choices. Some of them dont affect the ending at all, but hey, in which game every little choice matters?I dont really know if I recommend this game or not... If you can get over the boring parts and annoying quests... if you are such a screw-up like the main character and want to be assured that things can get better... this game is for you. Probably."
,Recommended,274310,21761163,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Fry_rice123,"This is a really good game, my heart kinda broke in the end but the hole buildup was amazing. Really great story with characters that really stick with you."
76561198093581043,Recommended,274310,20637738,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,yuckduck,Always Sometimes Monsters is always sometimes a good time
76561198250894634,Recommended,274310,20652734,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,KidSarachia,"This game does a lot of things right, and the few things it does wrong, It feels like they are done very wrong. I call this theory the Mass Effect theory. Good Game, Good Dialoge, Good Story, Good People, yet you hate it a little. Get the game so you can feel the pain."
76561198272920246,Recommended,274310,20567060,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Tigergirl511,"There was alot of time and effort put into this game, and it shows-atleast, for the first half of the game it did.dont get me wrong, i love this game and im excited to finish it, but you can really tell there was so much going on in the start that was just missing from the rest of the game. But thats really not enough to ruin the game, because it still has alot going for itself and there are more than a few choices i had to make in the game that made me stop for atleast five minutes to think about what i should do.all in all, 8/10 in my opionon"
,Recommended,274310,20025161,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,wolf80207,"After The Video Review Quickie : Always Sometimes MonstersPrice: $9.99This game isn't a bad game it's actually a pretty good one, but I don't really feel like playing any more of it due to the fact that I HATE timers in video games and this game has a thirty day timer (you have to make it from one area to another in thirty days), but it does have interesting ideas like no combat and even though the game is pretty text heavy it never feels boring to read the text (mainly because they don’t just throw a book at you and call it story, I'm looking at you Space Rangers, Wasteland, Labyriona, Skyrim, etc), also even though I didn’t get very far what I saw in the story I really liked even though it reminds me of a bunch of movies where the guy/girl loses the guy/girl and he/she gets married and invites him/her to the wedding.So this game isn't for me but I would have never picked it up if I knew it had timer gameplay in it, and aside from that the time I’ve spent with the game wasn’t bad and as I said before this is actually a good game and one I can recommend, but only to those who know what they’re getting themselves into and don’t go in expecting one thing only to get another so my final rating is 7/10 a good game."
,Recommended,274310,25959898,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Apr0sal,"Even after a year or two of playing, I still think and love this game.  I bought for Android a few months ago, and I got the same enjoyable experience.  If you'd like a game that warms your heart and makes you rethink your life choices, this is it."
,Recommended,274310,24492443,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,OwO,"Light/medium spoilers ahead!! You've been warned!!!!Probably my favorite game of all time. I can't even pin down what about it I loved SO much, but mostly it was the reality of it. The atmospheres, the settings, were all so familiar. I imagine my life isn't too different from the MC's, because the places she goes and lives are eerily similar to my own. IMO it's very reflective of the USA's atmosphere and everything was incredibly well done in that regard.The sound and soundtrack was phenomenal, albeit maybe a bit repetitive, but it barely got on my nerves at all. The characters were all solid and unique and felt real. Even the background characters all had so much to say. There is so much attention to detail in this game it's crazy.I personally liked the grinding and the stamina aspect, I liked the gambling and fighting a lot. I liked how I could actually play as a gay character that didn't have the gay part glossed over--it was actually brought up multiple times, which I found very impressive and I really enjoyed it.I don't think I can say enough about how much I like this game. I don't think I have anything negative to say about it at all...I do wish that if the MC successfully objected the wedding the epilogue was a little happier. You know, maybe she goes to take a nap but kisses you first or something, just to show they're going to be on the right track.I was ridiculously attatched to everybody I met in this game.I started playing at about 10 pm last night, it's just about to turn 5 am. Night well spent."
76561197987589242,Recommended,274310,24487552,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,ilepsi,"Always Sometimes Monsters was a game that I played on my not so powerful macbook when I was on the go. It is a game with an awesome story, some nice twists and somewhat dark humor. I played it the total of 12 hours but I'm quite certain you can finish the game even faster. I guess I got too carried away slaughtering the poor radioactive piggies..."
,Recommended,274310,25039096,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,爱歌,This game has waaaay to many useless items that serves no real purpose. But you know what? Half of the time I just enjoy looking at ther reaction after wasting that $2 for cigarettes lol
,Recommended,274310,28003250,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Erzdorn,Always sometimes monster is a great game with a really indepth story. Looking at it it doesn't seem to be much but with the story along with the still artwork of the characters the game suprises you and keeps you entrhalled in it.
76561198009043109,Recommended,274310,27952279,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Silent Tristero,Dope.
76561198006837666,Recommended,274310,27928828,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,corey.john.hansen,"I really loved this game. I fell into the story pretty hard. My only criticism is that there were no achievements for anything out of the ordinary. If you play through the game, you'll get them all."
,Recommended,274310,27902914,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Evocator,"A great ""Choices Matter"" game with great replay value. This game is a must if you love storytelling and/or life simulator games."
,Recommended,274310,30963486,Posted: 5 April,all,eelcakes,"I liked this game enough to play through it twice (but that may have had to do with me missing a few achievements the first time...)  and I think overall, it's a good concept and story. Even though I put a lot of hours into this game considering the content, I really can't think of much to say about it. It was good, but nothing about it stands out to me. Actually, I think the bad and unrealistic dialogue from nearly every character is the thing that stuck with me the most. If I could go back, I probably would have played this game with a guide to ensure I got all the achievements in the first playthrough so I wouldn't have had to go back to play through it again. If you like RPGs and can handle the super-cringey dialogue, this game might be something you want to play once when the game goes on sale."
,Recommended,274310,28102251,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,eldorno,"Highly replayable, diverse cast, interesting storyline that is actually impacted by the choices you make, but the achievements don't unlock in OS X. 10/10 would buy a sandwich again."
76561198081213775,Recommended,274310,28418467,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Heil Bakso,I love this game!It's like how to be a real person game. I dont even bored about this game! I recommend this game to you all
76561198189712126,Recommended,274310,27675199,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Junks,"Always Sometimes Monsters is an interesting game, not great by any means, but interesting enough to play.The basic idea is that you're a struggling person trying to win back someone you love, you deal with a lot of hardships along the way and have to make choices that define your personal character and how others see you! A great idea.. But I think this game had a few problems with executing it. Your choices do change some things around you and change some of the places you see during the game but that's about as far as it goes.. It's pretty easy to get around the mistakes you make throughout and that puts a damper on the struggles you're meant to go through. The game obviously had a lot of care put into it and it's definitely an interesting story to play through, the choices can keep you intrigued and the general game feel has a nice real-life gritty feel to it that I find appealing! But the game devs did a few things that really took me out of the game and made some of more irritating than enjoyable.. The self referencing the game devs have were far too often to really overlook it and the story didn't really come together in a nice enough way, it sort of felt.. Wrong.. Like they were trying very hard to make something deep but it didn't come together and just felt too forced in the end. The story concept wasn't the best and it showed through in an annoying way when the effect of your choices and everything were pushed on you. It just didn't come together well and trying to be philisophical just seemed tacky in this.Pros -The character selection is unique and character art is pleasing.You get to choose your love.The story is interesting enough to get you into it.Choices are intriguing!The pixel graphics were nice and the world was well designed.Had a sweet old lady.I got to sleep on a matress in an alley way and fish for my supper.Also gambled my money away with lotto tickets.Cons -Self referencing delevopers.No options!!The music got repetitive.The weight of your choices and the story seemed too forced and became irritating.I ran out of things to fish up.Overall it's okay, play it for yourself! but personally by the end of the game I was really torn as to whether I enjoyed it or not."
,Recommended,274310,28441125,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,lallyzippo,"This is a gem. There are a few issues with a boxing mini-game I didn't love, but otherwise I really liked the game. The dialogue and characters just hit home because I'm pretty sure I've known all these people at one point or another. Moreover it's a journey of redemption for your protagonist, and coming to terms with your mistakes.I also loved the RPG maker sprites, they were very well done. It's made it's way on to my favorite games list."
,Recommended,274310,28221338,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,vincent,Accidentally chose a gay loverrich despite sleeping on alley way bedscomedyweedi like this game
,Recommended,274310,31914495,Posted: 23 May,all,Taminaki,"I normally don't write reviews for games but honestly, this has to be one of the best games I've recently played, it's extremely easy to be invested in the story and also easy to lose your track of time while playing this game as, unbeknownst to me when I first played it, I managed to play for around six hours.If you have the chance to buy this game I highly recommend it."
76561198365636158,Recommended,274310,31911142,Posted: 22 May,all,AestheticsPotato hellcase.com,"I loved the story and overall i think it's a good game, the controlls are a little weird but that's fine, i recommend to purchase the game. Satisfied 8.5/10"
76561198313905456,Recommended,274310,31905793,Posted: 22 May,all,elfess,"Amazing game, loved the choice of characters, the way NPC's would react to your character depending on race and sexuality was interesting. Great story, really cool world. Just really enjoyed playing it and would happily replay it. Music is fab."
76561198098491982,Recommended,274310,31938570,Posted: 24 May,all,Wikikid,"I've been spending less time playing games recently.But this game ... This game just snuck up on me and I couldn't leave it alone until I finish it.It isn't much of the gameplay that makes it great, it's the story.You have choices, very tempting bad choices, and very unappealing rightfully moral choices. Every choice you make matters by the way, you could get a dead person from the very first town -suicidal Jack, that freaked me out.If you have the time, and love reading normal or a read your own adventure type of stories, you should totally play this.Basically, it’s a romantic story, some normal and meta humour, very repetitive background music, and unexpected events -legal weed farm everyone and unexpected past convict currently working as a pastor godfather."
76561198371825502,Recommended,274310,31928019,Posted: 23 May,all,AlexChipChip,"Really wasn't expecting much but the description was enough to make me curious....Definitely one of the best surprises I've experienced in games.Always sometimes monsters is a game that asks players to make on the spot decisionspaired with what i would consider dry adult humor that always warrants a chuckle.As adorable pixels carry out real life situations this game definitely deserves a try.Edit----Just finished the game i got what is considered a ""bad"" ending and i aint even mad."
,Recommended,274310,33183242,Posted: 3 July,all,jh1293,"Earning cash for food or you will die, making decisions for unexpecting results, chasing your ex who seems like a jerk. I admit, the whole experience was unenjoyable, but this is how life works.It was a great idea to presenting a love story in the form of RPG, but a mistake of choosing RPG Maker as game engine, resulting tedious gameplay elements.Pros:Diversity in Gender and SexualityCompelling StorylineCauses and EffectsReplayabilityCons:Unimpressive CharactersBadly Designed Character and Dialogue Control"
,Recommended,274310,33305638,Posted: 6 July,all,Blancharizard,"I really enjoyed this game awhile back, and please don't be decieved by my hours, I played this game endlessly offline at home (I didn't have an active internet connection).  First off, let me say how much I enjoyed the story. I was caught up almost the entire time. If you spotted the ""almost"" let me touch on that in a bit.First off, in the beginning of the game, it's great. Fantastic.  Plenty of choices, story elements, interactions, characters, little quests. Really great stuff, but as the game progressed, it slowly sorta dropped you out of that. The first half of the game is incredibly interesting, but then it kinda leaves you hanging and in general a lack luster experience.  But at that point, you're far too involved in the story to actually leave or quit.That's really my only gripe with the game, is that there isn't much to do at the end, and it isn't as interesting as the beginning. But overally, it's an incredibly satisfying journey to find your love, and (cliche incoming) yourself."
76561198172407087,Recommended,274310,33370553,Posted: 8 July,all,Alex from Niger,"Great game. My only problem was that it didn't really matter if you slept on the streets or at home, there was no point in getting your apartment back I think."
,Recommended,274310,33204000,Posted: 3 July,all,Denmaad,"There's a world out there that most of us don't see. This game shows us this world. I'm personally surrounded by many people who never had to stoop low enough to realize we shouldn't take basic necessities for granted. During most of my life, I feel like I've acted this way too. Always Sometimes Monsters reminds us that not everyone is as fortunate as most of us are and that a place to sleep in and food to eat are not easy to get for those who hit rock bottom.My favorite topic discussed in this game is choice. The game does a great job of making your actions matter. And more specifically, it shows you how these choices affect you and those around you. Although some choices do not change the gameplay, most of them will change the way you look at the characters you interact with, and more importantly, the way you think of yourself, both in the game and in real life.I specifically like the way some choices are so easy to overlook. There will be times in the game where you don't realize that there was a second option, and end up acting the only way you knew you could. That is the way of life. You'll come across many decisions that are of more importance than you first noticed, and by taking them lightly you might end up hurting someone.Overall I think this game handles morality really well, giving the player the choice between the easiest path or the hard working and honest path, it'll surely get you thinking!"
,Recommended,274310,29495869,Posted: 25 January,all,GirlwiththeRoseTattoo,"This game may not be for everyone, but I loved the journey I went on. Unlike many other choice-based games (I'm looking at you Telltale, even though I love your games), the choices you make can greatly affect the outcome. Yes there are parts where it perhaps drags on a bit, but it only adds to the realism. The writing and characters are great, and I loved the message of the game. I tried to balance out acting morally and compromising my morals for the sake of making money in order to visit my true love.  Also, I loved the innovative way you pick who the protagonist and love interest are. I, for one, can't wait for the sequel."
76561198131428562,Recommended,274310,29503115,Posted: 26 January,all,Sendbees,"Music is nice, love the story and how theres lot of choosing. It's very choosy.. sometimes youre clicking through and it hits a button and its too late and you accidentally kill someone or something. Great story though."
76561198328109213,Recommended,274310,33918944,Posted: 30 July,all,revenge6799,"very good game, wish i could go back into other towns and play more though once i finished the ending and was in casey's house, you know. It would have been a lot better if i could find all 60 indie figures too! Because I was not able to find them all before the wedding and would have liked to find more"
76561197993237543,Recommended,274310,34093775,Posted: 7 August,all,Get Memed,"Really enjoyed this game. Gritty story, non-linear, tons of choices and options. I haven't had such a good time with a game in a long time, actually."
76561198157283034,Recommended,274310,34299254,Posted: 16 August,all,lnw1222,"(Ignore the 1 hrs on record—I played offline a lot.)Always Sometimes Monsters is a game about someone struggling to get by through odd jobs after a book deal falls through. After receiving an invitation, they decide to travel across the country to stop the wedding of their true love to another person. As you go through the game, you are faced with tons of choices that ultimately affect whether you end up with your dream person. There are even some serious ethical dilemmas you're faced with. This game is a hidden gem, and I'm surprised that it isn't more popular.Lastly, it made me very happy that you can choose the gender and sexual orientation of the MC, and if you choose to be gay, there are distinct scenes that incorporate it, rather than simply switching pronouns. It might seem like a small thing, but representation does matter, and as a gay woman, it made the game even more enjoyable for me."
,Recommended,274310,34322972,Posted: 18 August,all,BlackCatZ,Pure Art
,Recommended,274310,34339746,Posted: 18 August,all,dittloaf,"It is very real in terms of how it showed someone who was struggling through life. It was odd for me to play as I am so opposite of the protagonist. However, it was fun to try and think from that point of view. It was a fun couple of hours spent completing this, and I definitely want to do another playthrough to get another ending."
,Recommended,274310,17597575,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,outre.de.rigueur,"Loved this game the first time I played, but I wouln't play it again.Some of the choices that you end up having to make are purposefully written to frustrate the player. It's a way of proving the point that all humans are capable of evil. While the motivation behind proving a point in such a way is a noble one, in practice, more often than not you end up irritating more people than enlightening.If you already buy the idea that a desperate situation can make anyone do things that they wouln't do otherwise and if you have a more nihilistic view on life, then you might enjoy this game. I did. But once was enough for me."
76561198123113976,Recommended,274310,34996192,Posted: 16 September,all,Crescentine,Very nice story line and reminds me a lot of what I love about 2D games. Lots of quests and consequences to every decision. The ending is affected by all the decisions made throughout the game. It's not easy but also not too difficult. The characters were well-made and the story was rich with personal history between the characters. Good job!
,Not Recommended,274310,35033865,Posted: 17 September,all,pretty_pixels,"I enjoyed this game, but I wouldn't go as far as recommending it. The controls are annoying, the story ending was sort of anti-climatic, and it drags a bit. (Not to mention the achievements aren't working, boo.)"
76561198065343564,Recommended,274310,35037386,Posted: 17 September,all,Ash Williams,"This game, THIS ♥♥♥♥IN GAME. This game really hit me hard. IT truly is realistic and very deep. Every character gives off the right amount of character to mark them apart from everyone else andIf a character dies, you really feel either glad or sadLittle Advice:be careful who you trust, BE REALLY CAREFUL.P.SDON'T TRUST SAM, HE/SHE WILL BACKSTAB YOU ON THE DROP OF A GOD DAMN PIN. LEFT THE ♥♥♥♥ER DIE AND DO NOT, I ♥♥♥♥ING REPEAT, DO NOT FEEL SAD/BAD."
,Recommended,274310,35507169,Posted: 5 October,all,Apiez | Ryan Covolski Jr.,"Good Game with lots of story. The beginning pf the game was a tad confusing, and the subtitles are WAYYY to long.=PROS=-Good Progressing gameplay-Well laid out map-updated every so often-Good story=Cons=-Confusing start-Overly expensive food ig-Some tasks require long waiting-"
