user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198032161389,Recommended,274480,9171506,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Expanding Man,"I've been playing this game for a few years now, but it has only just become available on Steam.Don't let the rather unattractive visuals fool you (admittedly the screenshots look just terrible): this is the best action RPG out there.  Period.Drox Operative is actually and ARPG set inside a 4X game being played out by AI's.  You can influence events in a myriad of ways.  You create a ship, generate a galaxy which will have some number of races playing in it, and you can win by allying yourself with the victors, or if you are particularly bloodthirsty you can just♥♥♥♥♥♥everything in sight until you accumulate the points for a ""Fear"" victory.  Afterwards you can retain your ship in a newly generated galaxy.  It is so satisfying to play an RPG in a ""living"" universe rather than mindlessly grinding through the same old dungeon with randomly spawning enemies until you reach some boss.One of the great innovations is that the modules with which you fit your ship do not go into specific slots, but instead there are ""hi, mid, low"" slots (much like in EVE).  So, if you want 4 lasers, you can do it.  If you want 5 reactors to give you very rapid cap recharge, you can do it.  You want 5 engines so your ship zips around the map?  You can do it.  Are you a Romulan who fantasizes about redundant cloaking devices?  Well, you get the idea.There certainly seem to be no other RPG's out there like Drox, so if you like space and you like RPG's it's a must-buy, but there is some room for improvement:  In my opinion the visual appeal of the game is non-existant, and staring at it for hours gets rather drab, but rest assured the great gameplay will keep you doing just that.  Though there is large array of loot you will find, I certainly feel that they could add many more modules which do a much wider variety of different things.Anyway, for $10 or $20, you certainly shouldn't regret this buy."
76561198043960246,Recommended,274480,9511891,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Kasumi Tani,"Ever wondered what would it be like to play a typical 4X Space Strategy, but not as one of racial leaders, but as an independent mercenary? Drox Operative lets you do just that!Drox Operative is an action RPG with a good dose of space exploration. But where other space exploration games take place in static or semi-static universe, a notable feature of Drox Operative is that NPC factions expand and develop like races in 4X Space Strategy would: they establish new colonies, build ships and space stations, research new technologies and of course fight both neutral enemies and each other. This creates unparalleled feeling that you are adventuring in a living world, which constantly moves on regardless of your actions!In regard of RPG stats, Drox Operative does a good job of simulating that your “character” is a spaceship: character’s attributes are replaced by your crew’s expertise in various fields. Though the result is fairly similar in regard of distributing “crew points”, immersion-wise the system accomplishes its job.The equipment system differs from that of most RPG in that most of equipment slots (all except for 3 specialized slots based on your ship’s design, that is) freely allow to install any equipment of appropriate tonnage. Want to add an extra engine instead of your heavy laser turret? No problem! Have a medium ballistic weapon instead of aforementioned laser turret, which unlike the later you can install in place of your radar? Ditto! This makes your ship very customizable and allows you to adjust it according to your playing style (and re-outfit it whenever you feel like it).And the final unique feature of Drox Operative is crewmates. They technically function as equipment (occupying either the special crew slot, or the light slots), but unique in that they level up as well, improving the bonuses they provide over time.To sum it up, Drox Operative is a great game, and I fully recommend it to anyone who likes action RPGs, space exploration, or both!"
,Recommended,274480,9186958,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Guardian,"If Star Control, Civilization, and Diablo had a baby, it would be named Drox Operative. It's a surprisingly fun yet incredibly deep game. You can lose and win the game a number of different ways and play it accordingly. Want to play by making everyone fear you? You can do that. Want to win the hearts and minds of the alien species? You can do that. Want to explore and blast bad guys? You can do that. There's a ton of gameply customizability options to make the game easier or harder or slower or faster. The graphics are a bit dated, but there's nothing that pulls me out of being immersed in the soap opera like politics that I was neck deep in. Tons of races and ships to get started and star systems to explore with random encounters and loot all over the place. While I was waiting for a Skyrim mod to download, I saw this on sale and I'm glad I picked it up because I had forgotten about my mod about 7 hours later when it was time to go to bed."
,Recommended,274480,9171190,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,TheScrumpy [NMT],"This game is the perfect example of the fact that you don't need over-the-top graphics and flashy swords to make a good action rpg. Easy to pick up, loads of fun, and quite the steal."
,Recommended,274480,9179441,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,SpaceButler,"Ok, Soldak we get it, you've got my attention.  You've shown me how unique an ASRPG can be.  And it's better with friends I might add!Being apart of a space illuminati wasn't in my expectations of exploring space, but man, this -- this is better.  Control the fate and destiny of entire races?  Or destroy them even?Choices.  That's the keyword for Drox Operative.  And damn guys..  Soldak executes this really well.Bravo."
,Recommended,274480,16584169,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,RolanDecoy,"Ever played a space strategy game where you have to colonize planets, trade and maintain a diplomatic relationship with other races and take care of your own people while doing so? Ever wondered what it would be like to be that random event that caused citizens to rebel, technology to be sold to your enemy, a race that you would like to be a friend but just won't listen because some element in the game says 'Hell no!'?Well in this game you can; This is a top-down space shooter, but around the player several computer players are playing out a space strategy game. You can befriend them, you can fight them, you can trade with them, you can support them in their war or colonization efforts, you are a Drox Operative. And the other races know that to have a Drox Operative on your side is the path to victory.The graphics are great and the player is allowed a reasonable range of customization to make it his/her own. Musical score and sounds a pretty good, as is the general feel of the game. I did have some problems with the keys though, and understanding what the game was about in the first place, but after 15 mins of just diving in head first I found it surprisingly easy to understand. As for the keys, would like a weapon group to be used for weapons; The only weapon that fires when pressing the mouse is weapon no. 1, although in all fairness I haven't been looking for it very hard, its probably in there somewhere.You can only have 1 ship (per Operative / Save slot ) and it is a persistant ship (and crew), meaning it carries over from one game into the other. A bit confusing is a game being called a 'Sector', which from what I understand is a galaxy, which happens to consist of...sectors...ya... Anywho, you can fully customize your ship to be a fighter, bomber, trader, colony vessel, or any combination you may think of. It grows in class as you grow in experience (and award points to a particular skill) opening more slots in your ship to install equipment in.All in all an original idea realised; A gem in any original gamers collection."
,Not Recommended,274480,19811101,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Edgewalker,"Drox Operative is Soldak Entertainment's space ARPG in which you play the eponymous Drox Operative, a sort of mercenary. You are plopped into a procedurally generated sector where you must achieve any one of a list of victory conditions. Whether you succeed or fail (by producing a loss condition) the sector closes and you start the process again.The problems start with the foundation. The game is almost entirely created from code recycled from Soldak's olderDiabloclones. Added to that old code is a shallow diplomacy system that any player of Civilization will recognize. Some of the phrasing used in diplomacy screens is identical to what can be found in Civilization 4 or 5. I don't think it's wrong to copy ideas, but there's not enough original creativity in the diplomacy system for my taste.GoodStable with few bugs, none of which break the gameMultiple paths to victory (clearly duplicated fromCivilizationbut still interesting)Multiplayer works wellI like the cosmetic variety of ships, though for the most part, they don't play much differently.NeutralDated graphics, even for the release dateThe game is action-oriented. There's no story, and only a vague backstory.BadWhat my friends call an ""RNGesus"" loot system where loot drops are like lottery tickets, and most are losers.There is no difference whatsoever between victory and defeat in a sector, other than victory provides you with one or more boxes of random loot, Being random, the loot is mostly worthless.Code duplicated fromDiabloclones means out-of-place mechanics like loot that ""drops"" onto an invisible surface and must be picked up manually each time.Inventory management is a central ""feature"". Much of the game involves sorting through a torrent of nearly identical equipment and crew members, then failing to sell the excess because the NPC factions don't have the credits to buy them. The game starts by starving you of inventory space, multiplying the annoyance.NPC factions are one-dimensional warmongers with the negotiation skills ofCiv's Atilla the Hun. It is common to see NPC factions wipe each other out while still exploring the first system in the sector trying to make contact with one.While multiple routes to victory are possible, only military victory is reasonable in most cases. For example, if you want a diplomatic victory, you must achieve a military alliance with all extant factions. This is a feat in itself, since usually any aid you provide to one faction angers at least one of the others. On top of that, though, you must get the AI factions to ally withone another. Theonlymechanic provided for this is to visit planets of each faction and navigate through a ""rumor"" menu dozens and dozens of times until you improve relations, a very tedious enterprise that is costly, and must be funded by missions (which anger other factions) or hunting monsters for loot (which the factions can't buy because they run out of money).The monsters have a pathetic AI, and to compensate, there are endlessly spawning legions of them, leading to dull, repetitive combat with stupid but numerous and durable enemies. This happens regardless of how well civilized the system. I have seen systems lost to monstersafterachieving victory, all because I took some time to organize my inventory.Yet another game with a point distribution system that has no ""respec"" mechanic but requires perfect planning, allowing you to play dozens of hours in a ship before realizing that your build is invalid at higher levels."
76561198006976223,Recommended,274480,13477143,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,DarkGod,"Only 121 reviews at the time I write this; this is rather sad because this game is a gem!It's got loot, upgradable spaceships, random quests, loot, you can win by being a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, loot, and well, I suck at reviews but this is FUN !"
,Recommended,274480,9266286,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,GamingWolf,"My friend. Let me tell you about space. Space is out to kill you. Space has rewards in it. Space will turn on you in a moment's notice acting on the guise that it is your friend.Friend have I ever told you about interracial intergalactic relations? Space simulates sci-fiction stereotypes with 86% accuracy. You better get used to them as they represent the entire charm of this game other than our star pupil, diabloesque loot system. It does not care what you think. It will brag to all your friends even though it acts like a real load. I hope you're organized friend because space is not.Do not take zero gravity lightly. Random events send you hurling into farther reaches of space or even more in space then you currently are. A pseudo-space that is not space.You can't just win or lose space. Space is not some battle to be won or a prize to be earned. Space is a multi-faceted space chimera that chokes on such concepts such as linear gameplay and sandbox freedom. Space will move on without you unless you pause to take a look at it's glory. The glorious space.Stay in space my friends."
,Recommended,274480,9256712,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,The Cat What Stalks Cheese,"I've been insane for this game since I tried it and realized what was going on: At first it just looks like Diablo in space; a solid space-spaced ARPG with enough stat-building and ship-customizing (with the random components from blown up ships, or scenario rewards) to keep you blasting for a bit. Fans of games like EV Nova might enjoy this game just for that.But there's more. Instead of being story-driven, the game randomly generates new quests and events as you play. An elite space monster shows up, starts gathering a fleet, and if you don't react, he might take over a star system. Then the monster starts sowing chaos on nearby colonies; they might contract a plague, get computer virus, etc. These events can also escalate if unchecked. I've seen empires lose planets to open rebellion. I've HELPED rebels escalate, and contributed to the creation of offshoot races!Also the various species - and your guild, the Drox - all have dynamic relationships. Help a race, they like you more. Attack them, they like you less. Help their allies, and they like you. Attack their allies, and you might earn more enemies than you intended. You can carefully nursemaid a sector-spanning alliance of friendly races for a diplomatic win... or watch the network of alliances fail like a house of cards if you bungle your relationship with one of the races. That might be a good time to switch tactics and go for another type of win.The various systems interact in what looks like a well-tuned, balanced way - no surprise because the game has been out for some time. The interactions give this game a nice emergent-gameplay edge that keeps things interesting, and there's nothing more hilarious than being a few planets away from a military victory and having the Drox Guild tell you that you MUST, due to Circumstances Beyond Your Control, ally with the race you've just been eradicating colony by colony from this area of known space.Highly recommend for fun ARPG-in-space with a sandboxy twist.Edit: There is an expansion out, which is not on Steam at the time of this writing. You can purchase the expansion from Soldak and apply it to the Steam version of the game to gain access to additional features. He's also said that he's working on getting it into steam. He's been providing Steam codes for anybody who purchases directly, and we can expect this to continue for the expansion."
,Recommended,274480,31349469,Posted: 24 April,all,Pseudo,"You play an agent of the Drox Guild seeking to spread the influence of the guild throughout the universe. You're dropped into a sector full of different species, and have to make them all fear you, become a legend by destroying the most powerful monsters in that region of space, become an economic powerhouse, or ally with all the species in the sector (and destroy the species that won't).The developer, Soldak, is a small shop that keeps iterating on the same idea - an ARPG where the quests and adventures are the natural byproduct of a living and changing world that reacts to what you do in it. The all have a lot of heart and in my opinion Drox Operative is the best of them."
76561198021930967,Recommended,274480,31591734,Posted: 6 May,all,cyberscion,"PROS:1)  Wide variety of weapons systems to equip your ship with.  The range and effects of these systems are so diverse that it can completely change the feel of the whole game based on which weapon combos you choose.2)  Fills the niche of Star Control I & II while combining that with the addictive gameplay of the Diablo series (but in SPACE!)3)  You are in a 4X Space Conquest game (with many different empires striving for galactic dominion), but you are NOT one of them.  You are a mercenary that can affect the fate of the galaxy by choosing how to help/interfere with the warring races.  Unique perspective on the classic 4X conquest games.4)  Many of the races have unique benefits that can be obtained from trading with them.  My current favorite of the races is the 'Fringe', pure energy beings that can (for a costly fee)  reduce the POWER LOAD of your equipment.  This can often determine who I want to survive in the game.CONS:1)  Item storage is super klunky.  Organizing your inventory can be quite tedious, plus it's done in real time with enemy ships often showing up and attacking your ship while your monitor is cluttered with disorganized cargo bays.  Biggest single draw back of the game is item storage.2)  Once you get hooked, this game can gobble up large swaths of your time!"
76561198008498519,Recommended,274480,13022606,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Talok,"If you are looking for a 4x space conquest game keep looking.  This game is a straight ARPG blow everything up and grab thier gear.  Kill, quest, and level up.  As you level you spend 'stat' points to upgrade your ship.  Componant slots open up and put gear into slots (many many dif combos) including crew members that level up.  Total mindless destruction.  Random rogue like loot.  Leveling up.  Respawn/random sectors.  Help the races or destroy them.  Blow lots of stuff up than blow some more stuff up.  If you want an in depth story dont buy this game.  If you want pretty graphics dont buy this game.  If you want mindless destruction after a long day at work check out the demo."
76561197993500303,Recommended,274480,18103277,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Gorebane,"A very fun Diablo-esque space RPG.You create your ship, then progress through the dynamically created levels gaining levels and items as you go. Once you meet one of the winning/losing criteria of the system, then you create a new system to explore.When creating a new system you can set the base level of the enemies in it, as such you can to an extent set your own difficulty level. Additionally you can set the size of the system, number of races etc as you can in many other games.If you're looking for a simple, but addictive, space RPG this is it."
76561198062265037,Recommended,274480,32749258,Posted: 24 June,all,AlterEgo45,"The consensus seems to be that Drox Operative is the best game that this dev has ever made. I don't agree with that - I think Zombasite is far superior to this... an all-time classic. If you've never played a game from them before and can only afford one, I'd advise you to get Zombasite. The playstyles have a lot of similarity, but Zombasite has more depth.That said, Drox Operative is a lot of fun. You could say it's a 4x game where you are strictly a mercenary and don't have any real stake in who wins - only that at the end of it all, you're on decent terms with the side that DOES win. You carry over the same character from game to game if you want, and there is all kinds of customizabilty regarding permadeath, level of difficulty, etc. I really like the music... that wooo wooooooooo mysterious sounding stuff that plays when you're navigating through space.Soldak games really has a unique approach in the way their games play, and I love that different way of thinking. Zombasite, this... whatever... if you haven't played one of their games yet, you need to treat yourself."
76561197984440686,Recommended,274480,10999640,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,KhorneFlakes,"At the beginning, it is quite overwhelmingly complex. But after you understood it all, it's quite addictive.There is tons of equipment and races to choose from, which makes every playthrough really unique. And I gotta tell you, even if the graphics don't look so great on the screenshots, there can be quite awesome battles going on, which will fill your screen pretty nicely.Only thing that bothers me, is the sound design: The weapons sound... old/weird, the music isn't really fitting and the thruster sound of the ship can get quite annoying aswell. I suggest to get some music going in the background and then play away.I dumbed almost 5 hours in my first time playing this and I don't regret a single second. One of the most enjoyable games I've played in quite a while.Ofcourse it's recommended to get some friends to play with, but no one wanted to play with me (*sadface*) so I can't really say how the co-op works and if its any more fun (which, I presume, it is).Sorry for the butchered english, I'm not a native English-speaker (I don't think that's even a real word...)."
76561198007695865,Recommended,274480,9651559,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,ValkyrieMoon,"Soldak has really done a great job,again.I do own all their games,and recieve Soldak newsletter.But please do not think of me as a fan boy reviewer.This is a really great game done well by a company that has continued to come out with better and better games as they go.Wow I am a fan boy,lol.The more you dive into this game the more you want.It is not until you figure out the win conditions and how all the other races work.That is where the game really shines.You want to work with the strongest races and form an alliance-great.You want to work with the weakest race and help them against all-awesome.You want to just go around and fight everyone-fantastic.Its all up to you and your starship on how you want your gameplay.You are a Drox operative leveling up the deadliest ship around.I would really say to get Invasion of the Ancients for the full experience.It is worth it.Alot more gameplay with it then without it.So many different components and crew for your ship.So many different enemys to fight.Such a big evolving Galaxy."
76561198031573100,Recommended,274480,12164023,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,pandreon,"This game is like Diablo in space but more amazing. Stages (sectors?) develop organically and your actions have a real effect on how the world's situation plays out. Quests are generated based on NPC factions' evolving needs and your success or failure shape overall who gets to live, die, become powerful, become friends or enemies. There is even a meta-game in that relations and power levels carry over somewhat between sectors in the same galaxy. Factions that start out as sub-races or rebel groups, if they survive enough, can become permanent factions in future stages. Starting factions can become extinct.Many ways to win a sector, many ways to lose. The game is challenging at higher levels and requires (political) strategy, not just fast clicking. You can freely customize your ship with any parts you meet the reqs for, and share equipment among characters via stash, which gives you great flexibility but also the potential to completely ruin yourself. Building up the ship is fun, but the more expensive your build is the harder it is to pay repair/replace costs when you die; fail enough and a sector can become unwinnable.This is a great, fun game but its weak graphics and difficult nature may be a turn off to many. I recommend it though for anyone who likes building up a character and testing it against random worlds full of monsters and rival factions."
76561198058638791,Recommended,274480,9226762,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,thethomasgeorge,"Diablo in space, except you play the part of the scheming town hairdresser with the sole purpose of making everyone bicker amongst themselves while you stealthily impregnate their unwary spouses for cash."
76561198020736002,Recommended,274480,31913058,Posted: 22 May,all,crunchydemon,"Man I love this game.If you've played Space Rangers you know exactly what you're getting into; only this one feels faster with better controls, better graphics, and without any guesswork on silly choose your own text adventures.It's a bit like a ""Space Diablo"" with various other npc factions vying for power a la a game of Galactic Civilizations.It places an emphasis on faster paced hotkey combat and little to no emphasis on ""buy this item low at this planet and sell for higher at this planet over here"".It doesn't have a grand campaign and games are closer to one off matches like Civilization.  You can toggle your game parameters here just like you can there.I heartily recommend this if this sounds like your cup of tea."
76561198014558391,Recommended,274480,9307862,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Aphil,"Honestly, I was actually a bit surprised over how much I enjoyed Drox Operative. When I first bought it I was a bit skeptical but since it was on sale, I figured I might as well give it a try as it did look fairly interesting. I can safely say that this game is a little known gem that I've found extremely enjoyable. From being able to subtley manipulate galactic politics to achieve your ends or even just directly attack your enemies , this game gives you several different ways to win.I would definitely recommend that people give this gamea try, it's worth it."
,Recommended,274480,10235532,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Weldon,"Drox Operative is an excellent and unique ARPG, well worth your money.The Good:-Unique character development-Extensive variety of builds and ships, you can do pretty much anything you can come up with, and succeed.-Random area generation, each playthrough is different.-Built in mechanics to encourage you to play each round differently, without penalizing you for playing the way you want to play. (For example, the Drox guild will issue you a quest to save one race, destroy another, protect a specific alliance, etc, and you earn extra rewards for compliance.)-The graphics are no where near as bad as the screenshots would lead you to believe.-Easy to respec, making it almost imposible to permanently screw up a character.-Fun factor: this is one of those games where you look up and realize hours have dissapeared, and your wife is standing behind you nagging.The Bad:-Learning curve can be a bit steep, with spikes in difficulty.-Drox Guild quests can often encourage you to do the Exact opposite of what you've been working towards.-Easy to screw up a character, forcing you to respec."
76561197982108776,Recommended,274480,21123364,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Tominator,"This game is such a breath of fresh air and criminally overlooked. I just found out about it by chance aswell, but boy am I glad I did!It's a space ARPG within a randomly generated galaxy where AI factions play a 4X game. You can help the different factions, spy on them, sabotage, steal their stuff, try to form alliances or wage war - or just ignore them and go hunt monsters, get loot, improve your ship, trade stuff and become rich. And once this sector is done, for better or for worse, you take your ship and go to the next sector, growing bigger and more powerful each time.The game world actually feeling dynamic and alive is probably what fascinates me the most about the game, but the fighting, the loot, the diplomatic options, etc. are all very well done aswell.Highly recommended!"
76561198038963412,Recommended,274480,9422647,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,C0untzer0,"8/10If you enjoyed SotS, GalCiv, MOO, Ascendancy, Endless Space, etc you'll LOVE this.Ever been playing a planetary scale 4x game and longed for a life of adventure, without having to look after your population?Ever been plagued by interstellar pirates and envied them their carefree ways, not being tied down to to colonial management?Ever been struck by a random event dooming your colony and wished you could just fly out there and find the parts yourself?Ever been watching a war between 2 galactic civilizations and just wanted to Han Solo in and kill just enough ships on one side or the other to turn the tide of battle, earning the respect you deserve?You may not realise it, but you've been yearning for the life of a Drox Operative. Now you have the opportunity to live that dream.Drox Operative lets you fly round a sector of the galaxy choosing which way to play. Galactic fetcher? Monster slayer? Battle turner? Information broker? All these options and more are available."
,Recommended,274480,10237337,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,PerfectXtreme,"Great little Diablo meets Space RPG.  You fly around in a ship, earn levels, find and equip all different types of items and weapons, and kill lots of baddies.My only complaint is the game gets pretty boring after a while.  The scenery never really changes, you fly around in a circle map/area that has randomized planets and such scattered about.  Warping between areas just brings you to a new circle random area.  The background colors change slightly but the content doesn't.Fun game and worth the price for a few hours of play.  I recommend playing Hardcore as there really isn't any other way to play these types of games!"
76561198039515085,Recommended,274480,9210356,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Caseycc,"This game is a lot of fun. Mostly a blast em up with elements of ship building that allow you to take your ship to widely different builds just by changing what you have equipped. With the co-op of up to 4 players it's a blast. Worth 10$ definetly, probably 20$ too."
76561198000173459,Recommended,274480,13545223,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Tetsuro P12,"It's truly a gem. Just decent graphics and sound but the game is truly entertaining. It's a 4x (3x?) game.. (it's a cross between an Elite type game and a 4x) you are the captain of a ship and move yourself in an evolving universe full of sentient races that will ask you to help them in various way, you can truly change the course of events choosing what to do and eventually who plump for, but it's truly easy to keep everything under control (it does not stress, and the difficulty level is spot on); your ship will change even in shape, will get bigger and you will tune it with special things... shields, computers, missiles, escape pods, etc. it's easy don't worry) and will  At a game design level it's almost perfect; developers give you what matters most and take out the less important aspects that could alienate a lot of people. It's almost perfect. If you like the genre that's probably the best game. Looking forward to Drox Operative 2, in the meantime I have finally found something to play happily."
,Recommended,274480,9301262,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,X Window Dump,"One time I was undecided if I wanted to exterminate some rock people or convince them to join the alliance I already had set up with the most powerful races in the sector. I could have just declared war and let the entangling alliances do the rest, but there was another sectore where I was supposed to protect them and couldn't, where they died before I could even find them. So I figured, let's try to even that out by not killing them all here. It might even take longer.Another time, there was a bunch of obnoxious computer programs that were at war with some space zombies and had been pushed to the limit by attacks from them and random space monsters. They didn't want to fight me just yet, so I strolled over to their planet and noticed they were dangerously low on health. So I casually opened communications, declared war on them, and shot my railgun at what was left of their bases. And then all of their stuff blew up.And just now I equipped a weapon that reduces the enemy's defenses, allowing me to easily land a follow-up laser blast or railgun shot for a ton of damage.Also sometimes there are planets named Porn. The jokes write themselves. Get a crew together and buy a controlling interest in the galaxy.Also also paralax scrolling with edited space telescope pictures is pretty awesome, and I say this as the kind of guy who has space telescope pictures as his wallpaper."
76561198019038657,Recommended,274480,9174311,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,ASHEN3I,"Great Game! Extremely short install, and having a blast in minutes. Great deal for 10$ (50% off right now)."
76561198034430113,Not Recommended,274480,18094566,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Thornaxe,"I want to like this game. I really honestly do. I love the concept. I love flying around in space shooting♥♥♥♥♥♥But honestly, this game fails on a lot of levels. It just misses the mark in a lot of glaring ways.1) Scaling: I understand that a ""boss"" monster is gonna be tough, but when he's got 10x your health/shields/whatever and can do vastly more damage per hit than you can (to the tune of damn near 1shotting you), it just takes the fun out of it for me.2) Speed: Enemy ships can and will outrun your bullets; missiles i could understand, but bullets ought to be a lot faster than they are. Additionally, enemy ships (even MASSIVE boss ships) are capable of going WAY faster than player ship. They will go ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ across the screen in crazy circles etc. making them unhittable via most weapon types.3) Energy: It is your enemy. Your ship will be permanently sucking wind. If i had most of my hardpoints dedicated to weapons, was cycling all of them on cooldown, and had no energy regen items installed, i can understand energy problems. That is NOT the case, a single decent laser will suck down as much energy as your whole ship can produce, including several installed energy regen devices. Get used to sucking down energy consumables on cooldown during fights.4) AI races: They basically all hate each other, and you. War is the default state in each sector. Someone will be mad at you virtually all the time.5) Victory conditions: Game has great array of victory conditions, several of which are nigh unusable. A diplomatic victory requires you to be allied with multiple AI races, who must be allied with each other. After playing over a dozen sectors, i've only seen 2 computer races allied once, and it didnt last very long before i got drug into the resulting war. Economic victory requires you to accumulate a ♥♥♥♥pile of wealth via quests etc. I've never been more than 1/3 of the way to that victory before the AI races have killed each other off and quests collapse in number. Simplest victories are to kill enough AI race ships/planets to become ""feared"", or ally with the dominant race and help them kill off everyone else.Bottom line is that i just dont feel at all like a ""hero"" in this game. AI ships play by different rules, allowing them to be much stronger than the game allows me to be. Not a very rewarding experience in a game that aims itself at being a fun shooting time waster."
,Recommended,274480,28291125,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Electronic Toaster,"Drox Operative can be described as an Action RPG. It has all the elements of an action rpg, for example you have a character(ship) who has attributes that both increase the overall stats of the ships in obvious categories, such as damage, or speed, and which allows you to equip the items you loot from the dead, provided you reach the minimum level in the required stat. The items you collect from the vanquished correlate in many ways with the types of items you would find in an average RPG sporting a normal human(or whatever) character. You have weapons and armour. However, the ship nature of your main character quickly makes its presence known because you have alot of item types which you will not usually find in an average RPG sporting a humanoid.An Action RPG, but not as we know itYou quickly need to become accustomed to a range of items such as power plants, crew, thrusters, computers, shields(of the energy and regenerating kind), cargo bays, batteries etc. It's not difficult to come to grips with, it will just be quite unfamiliar for a while. The range of items is relatively small when you first start, but the variety builds up over time, so that you can make a ship built of quite an interesting set of equipped items. The flexibility comes from that fact that the item slots in your ship are only limited by the size class of the item. So you have light, medium and heavy components. And you can fill up those heavy components with any heavy components you want. Obviously some things are essential, but it’s not like you specifically need gauntlets of strength to complete your build. If you can’t find those Gauntlets of Strength, just put on another Helmet of Strength, or 6 helmets (you know what I mean).  As the item diversity increases you will find that that Heavy component power plant you absolutely needed might be able to be switched with a medium component solar panel, and some other heavy component switched in.Though I will say here, while this sounds great, you will be very limited in terms of choice in the early game. And by early game, I mean the first 20 to 30 levels.Manipulating the Galaxy for fun and profitThe game goes further away from the mould in its most distinctive feature, which is its constantly moving universe. The typical Action RPG has a level of random built into it. While it has its specific quests and overall story and backgrounds, the enemies are probably selected randomly from a selection of enemy types for the area.Drox Operative has no specific story or quests. It is a simulation of sorts, whereby a randomly generated galaxy will be built, and a selection of the possible aliencivs will be placed around that galaxy. The aliencivs will then start playing their 4X game, or in other words, they will start building their empires by exploring the galaxy for planets, building colonies and ships, possibly building alliances and killing each other. You are but one ship, but you are very powerful in comparison to one ship of an alien civ. You won’t be singlehandedly destroying large civilisations, but your help can certainly turn the tide.The quests you receive will depend on what the alienciv currently wants or needs, based on the random elements which make up the galaxy. So quests can be generated by war, where each side will ask you to help kill the other side. Or quests can be created because a plague has spread across a planet.To be fair, the actual task of the quests won’t set the world on fire. They are usually something like buy this item from this planet and take it to this planet. Or kill 4 of this enemy. Or kill this enemy until you find enough of these parts. The two part that differ are that you won’t get the same quest every game, and the results  of the quests are not predetermined. The first point, that you won’t get the same quests is pretty obviously explained at this point, but here I will explain the result not being predetermined in better detail. Of course the completion of a quest will result in such and such experience points and such and such money being gained, but it also affect relation points. You will gain relation points with an alienciv. But this also means you lose relation points with an alienciv that hates them. The aliencivs have relations with each other as well. So you may see aliencivs that don’t really like each other coming to like each other because they are both at war with the same enemy. And they like seeing the other civilisation killing their enemy.I didn’t mention this before, but the enemy ships are also a faction of sorts, the level of faction similarity depending on whether you have the expansion.  Without the expansion, the various monsters fight each other and the alienciv, they grow stronger by winning, they build various installations and make raids on the alienciv. This opens up another set of quests, which become more important as the game goes on, as the aliencivs need these various menaces taken care of. And if you(or the alienciv) does not destroy them early, they will become more powerful over time. With the expansion, the monster ships can also colonise planets and become another alienciv vying for control.Win or lose? It’s how you play the game!There are five ways to win and three ways to lose. You can progress towards multiple win states at the same time, but some win states are somewhat detrimental to getting other win states. Your every action can contribute to one or another win state. They can also contribute to a lose state. For example, if you are trying to be diplomatic and get everybody to ally up with you, you may end up provoking one alienciv while trying to gain the favour of another. You may end up with a win, but you may have had to kill off a number of aliencivs to accomplish it. And killing aliencivs doesn’t help with you legend status, though it certainly helps the galaxy fear you. And while it may seem that a military win, where you just have to be allied to the last surviving race, is easy, there are a lot of things that can go wrong. You can pick an ally, but end up losing them. And you will find yourself the only one left in the galaxy with that bitter enemy you fought tooth and nail to kill. You may be still alive, but your conquest of the sector has failed, and you will need to move on.The randomness can be highly customised by the player at the creation of the galaxy, with many features and elements able to be turned on or off. You will be creating many galaxies, because you will probably win or lose a galaxy in a few hours at max.I recommend Drox Operative. It has some polish issues, but it is certainly very unique, and worth perservering with. Also, it has online coop, and I assume that is fun.I certainly recommend trying out the demo if Drox Operative sounds interesting."
76561198001406593,Recommended,274480,9218378,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,upuaut,"This is a really fun Diablo-like game in space. There is a lot to discover, a lot to upgrade your ship, nice diplomacy. Make sure to also buy the addon which can be bought from the developers website (as long as it´s not available here on steam). The addon adds even more stuff to collect and upgrade your ship and is compatible to the steam game. If you like diablo-style games, then this one is for you."
76561198043439069,Recommended,274480,10034269,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Velox,"This game is quite unexpectedly AWESOME.  It's a little confounding at first how the galaxy events stream by while you're still figuring out your ship, but once you get used to it, start meddling, and kicking♥♥♥♥♥- it's epic."
76561197993239115,Recommended,274480,9349497,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Vastin,"This is a solid space shooter with a lot of diablo/roguelike elements to it. The star sectors are randomly generated, and the various alien races play out their own real-time game of 'Galactic Civlization' while you run around choosing sides and playing kingmaker - or just explore and fight the various rogue vessels and space monsters that threaten the galaxy.The combat pacing is moderate, it's neither a twitch oriented bullet-hell game, nor is it slow paced. The strongest aspect of it from what I've seen so far is its very deep itemization system, with a vast array of different technologies and upgrades for your ship. Likewise its catalog of enemy factions and vessels is quite large as well, with new types and abilities being regularly introduced as you proceed through the game."
,Recommended,274480,9221396,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Soutalgon,"This game is really awesome! Give it a try especially if you like to feel like you are in a living world. NPCs can level up and do just about anything imaginable. Monster race is killing ships over and over? watch it level and eventually take a planet for itself. Pretty damn interactive watching the largest empire be broken down by rumors into two factions!Seriously you want more? How about MULTIPLAYER?! yes this game has it too!A gem of a game, cannot wait for the expansion so buy it NOW!"
76561198067822081,Recommended,274480,21891803,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Insane_Bolt,"This is not a typical Action RPG. Yes, you go around collecting loot, killing things and completing quests, but that is where the similarities to ARPGs start to peter out.The massive variants of loot, for the most part, are good only for selling. Your ship doesn't have the inventory space or the level required when you start out, so monetise them.The in-game currency is VERY useful to achieve your aims of domination in every sector - money talks. Just like in real life, money gives the power to bend others to your will by buying them off. Whether for good or bad, it is always for the benefit of you and the Drox Guild. The horse trading goes both ways so you can take 'gifts' offered from other races if you feel it is to your benefit. Of couse, your next action might be to declare war on them, such are the political machinations of a Drox Operative. Refuse the offer and watch your relationship deteriorate.Killing and destroying is the typical means to an end. Kill to defend yourself, kill to find loot and gain XP, kill to complete quests and kill for fun. There are various weapon types to choose from but you may just go for the highest damage weapon until you find what you like. There are beam weapons, ballistic weapons, missiles, Electro Magnetic Pulse weapons and more.Questing is often an important part of the game, but not always needed. There are 5 different ways to dominate and win your current sector of the galaxy. Using your ship as a club to beat the races into submission will not require you to complete quests to ingratiate yourself with them, However, due to the various ways to win and lose your current sector, using quests to facilitate alliances or some lesser agreement is often the best move. Races can grow too powerful to deal with alone militarily, so maybe ally with another race or two?If you win your current sector, you start a new sector and new opportunities of higher risk and reward present themselves. Upgrading your ship is another essential goal, as it provides more inventory slots and better stats. Losing your current sector re-rolls a new sector. In this game, every sector pans out differently as the competing races vie for supremacy while trying to use you as a tool for completing their aims. On the other hand, they'll insult you and try to destroy you if you don't do as they want. Best to play them at their own game and use tactics like Propaganda, Espionage, Sabotage and Rumours to undermine them and weaken their grip on a planet/planets, and thus the system.The thought required for this game is quite amazing. So many ways for events to go down and the smart game mechanics make for political intrigue and lots of violence. For me, the way the races are doing what they can to survive, expand or conquer, while I'm trying to dominate is a fantastic game feature. The yelps of delight when a plan works out or the hunkering down for the long haul as a sector hovers in impasse really makes me want to applaud the guys at Soldak.There is a lot of content in this game and a lot to learn. It is a bit baffling at first, but well worth the time learning as it is a game of depth and rewarding achievement. A very different game."
76561197981222850,Recommended,274480,29702878,Posted: 4 February,all,lightforge81,Take a 4x game.  Play an NPC in that game helping any faction you like.  Have a customizable ship with random equipment like Diablo.  Level up.  Thats this game.  Oh and multiplayer.  Check out the demo.  Its a good game.
,Recommended,274480,10241691,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Telarius,"I found this to be a very enjoyable and replayable game.  I felt there was a bit of an initial learning curve, but still a fun game for any gamer whether they be hard-core or casual.  I particularly enjoy the addition of the Scavengers in the expansion, which by far have been my favorite race to play.  I look forward to unlocking their sub-races if I can ever manage to do so.Update 03/02/2015 - After 110 hours into this game, it is still one of my favorites.  I highly recommend any of the Soldak titles, which all seem to use the same engine.  The randomness of the game keeps it fresh, and the settings allow for a great deal of customization."
76561198006673327,Recommended,274480,17382034,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Dragonfyre,"So...I will make this short. This game is a cross-over between an x4 space sim and escape velocity, which are my favorite games...and this has it both. Awesome!Basically you are a freelancer in a x4 space rts,  not controlling any empire but influencing all of them while making a profit.Great fun, great replayability, this is a really deep game - the price is well deserved.Also, buy the DLC right away, it adds a lot of content and makes the game even better :)"
,Recommended,274480,9385483,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Wounder <GFU>,"This game is often referred to as ""Diablo in Spaaaaaaace!"" That's not a bad analogy, but I'd consider it a slight... against Drox Operative. This game is fantastic... if you're a fan of ARPG's, this is likely to be squarely in your wheelhouse. The game does a pretty good job of slowly introducing concepts, but it can be pretty overwhelming. Particularly when you discover a strategy that runs counter to your current build. On the other hand, building a new ship is immense fun!"
,Recommended,274480,9603311,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Stexred,great fun space rpg gamewith lots of exploring sectorsyou meet lots of races and sub-racesplenty of quests to do and lots of loottoo much to name
,Recommended,274480,13841986,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Loki,"Giant Bomb PC Gaming Hub explained it best; ""Space Diablo, but with consequences.""===Space Diablo===The game is an action RPG, that takes place within a 4x RTS Strategy game played by the AI. You are a mercenary in this galaxy, and your mission is to achieve victory in one of the following ways...By achieveing a Military Victory, by being allied with the last surviving race and destroying all your enemies.By achieveing a Diplomatic Victory, by uniting all surviving races in a single alliance.By achieveing an Economic Victory, by accumulating wealth for the Drox Operatives.By achieveing a Fear victory, by destroying all who stand in your way without mercy.By achieveing a Legend Victory, by completing assignments and missions given to you by the various races and exploring the galaxy.And finally by completing any and all assignments offered to you by your commanding officers in the Drox Operative's Guild.To succeed in these goals, you must travel the cosmos and upgrade your ship as you gain experience and randomly generated loot.===Consequences===Here's where the game get's interesting... As stated, there is a 4x RTS Strategy game being played by the AI all around you. You, as a Drox Operative, are able to influence the empires in the Galaxy. You can instigate wars and end wars, you can aid ships and colonies in distress, you can even fight in wars alongside an empire. Everything you do in the game influences the galaxy around you in some way.===Verdict===The game is excellent, and highly enjoyable in my opinion. I highly reccomend it if you're looking for a good Sci-Fi RPG. The game is also multi-player, allowing players to work together or against one another, so that's another plus in my book. The game is $19.99 normally, and I've seen the winter sale drop it 50% for it and the expansion."
,Recommended,274480,9928594,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,McCovican,"One of the few indie games that I find actually worth playing. I've probably sunk near 1000 hours between this and FTL, so to see this up on Steam now too is awesome. I think the MetaCritic score does it a dis-service, as there simply isn't anything in this game to pull the score down. If you're into space-based RPGs in any way, you owe it to yourself to play this masterpiece."
,Recommended,274480,9417654,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,CarlCX,It's like Diablo in space except instead of listening to Decakrd Cain talk about boxes for another 30 loveless hours you're IN SPACE
76561197970647416,Recommended,274480,25868103,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Jack Bauer Sr.,"Think of it like a space-based hack-and-slash with political intrigue, questing, exploration, and ultra-deep ship customization. There are multiple ways to win each sector, so you can play like Magellen one round and Blackbeard the next, and there's a shared stash so you can twink new ships. Super fun way to kill an afternoon."
,Recommended,274480,9275065,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Racetrack0,"Crazy addictive top-down space combat game. The game is actually kind of a real-time 4X / Sins of a Solar Empire-esque game, except that the AI plays all of the competing factions, and you play an operative charged with shaping the outcome of the conflict. Fascinating premise, and somehow ""just five more minutes"" always ends up meaning ""where did those last two hours go?"""
76561198019543617,Recommended,274480,25477295,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,GEM,"Do not be put off by the simple graphics and retro music. This game has depth, action and shear fun.Your persistent ship keeps being challenged by random sectors, for which the difficulty is all up to you. Slow, casual grind or fast, tough games. The choice is yours.Plenty of classes, plenty of items, plenty of skill point decisions. This game is fantastic for any ARPG or space fan. If it had better graphics, it would be famous!Nice job devs!"
76561198068065140,Recommended,274480,13776659,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Mordeth Kai,"This game doesn't seem like much at first glance, and the screenshots and video did not entice me, but I'm glad I picked this up. Other people described it as diablo in space, and not because of the isometric view. However, unlike any other action RPG or just rpg's in general, this is the first that truly made me attempt to balance my build, and I found keeping my ship balanced and functional a rewarding challenge. There are also a lot of different ways to set everything up, for myself I used a combination of rapid fire lasers, missiles, and fighters while slow boating, and unlike most ARPG's, it's very easy to get overwhelmed. The game is very well balanced and put together from what I've seen so far, and that goes a long ways.Visually the game can be run in 1080p, which makes a difference, and it can look better than the screenshots, but it won't impress anyone. It doesn't seem to have an ongoing story, but rather takes a sandbox approach with very loose winning conditions, ranging from economic and diplomatic methods to conquering and combat oriented methods. Controls for steering the ship aren't what I would consider intuitive, but they are easy enough to pick up using a mouse and keyboard.While the game does have a lot of depth with the political system and other functions, they don't overcomplicate the game, and as long as you make conscientious choices on your allies and enemies, the politics can be largely ignored, and the game plays very arcadish. If you pay attention to the politics and the goings on, it almost feels like the major factions are engaged in a basebuilding RTS and you are there to push whichever sides you choose (not like a MOBA though, they will conquer each other, had one faction out of the running very early in my game), and interfere or ignore as you please. As long as you don't need AAA graphics, or story driven plots, this game will give you a lot of enjoyment."
,Recommended,274480,9287890,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,dada11dada22,This is what a true Space RPG should be :D in all its 2d glory! 4.5 stars :D
,Recommended,274480,11912103,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Muff,"Genre: Space Action/Adventure w/ RPG ElementsPersonal Rating 7.5/10Drox Operative is an interesting game in that is has Diablo-esque elements that appear in the forms and grades of loot drops (ie different rarities). You take the role of a Drox operative playing the role of one of several distinct races. Your objective is to win thru several different ways such as an economic victory, diplomacy, military might, etc.You can set the game to have the play field small (such as a mere handfull of sectors) to very vast with dozens of sectors to explore. You start out in your 'Home' sector where you will encounter your first race. It is benificial to open up trade agreements with all you encounter at first; but as time progresses and lines in the sand are drawn you will want to work to forge an alliance with the most powerful factions.You gain influence with factions by completing quests for them, protecting their planets and ships from attack and trading w/ them. You also lose influince by trading and associating with enemies of factions. Quests can range from assassinitaion to ferrying supplies. Planets can come under all kinds of pressure, from disease/famine/unrest and riots/zombie appocolypse/etc. Each of these problems requires certain cargo to solve so as you pick up the quest you can search the network on where to find the supplies to deliver.One neat aspect I likes was the addition of random crew members. they can drop as loot and can be leveled up and assigned to your ship.The game has difficulty levels from 1-100 so to reach higher levles with your ship you will need to keep starting over in new sectors and set the diff to higher levels. You also can invest points into your command skill which will unlock bigger ships for you. I personally liked it when I was able to install my first Fighter Bay. I recomend doing ths asap because it really helps having them support your ship. And let me mention all the other types of customization, from EMP pulses to computer virus' to fusion and nuclear mines and missles to all kinds of lasers and beams just to name a few. The sky is the limit when it comes to customization.It's worth it to mention all the different encounter types you can come across, from Rogue Elite Mobs to wandering traders to abandoned ships to Minerable Asteroids and Rogue Comets and space pirates to name a few.If you like Dungeon Delving (albiet in space) and space exploration and hack and slash button mashing combat, I would recommend giving this a try either for yourself or a 4pack so you and your friends can conquer the stars together."
,Recommended,274480,9183359,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Battlemankiller,"I bought this game with the intention of installing it, getting through the tutorial, and going to bed. 8 Hours later My work alarm goes off, and I'm still playing this game. BUY THIS GAME!"
76561198054438418,Recommended,274480,9228239,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,mercenaryai,"With its complex simulation, powerful customization and high replayability, Drox Operative remains one of most unusual and interesting space-based games of the decade."
76561197972162586,Recommended,274480,9573611,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,revelage,Very addictive game.  Very similar in play to diablo 2 in gameplay and item creation.  The fights can pace themself from easy to very hectic with many close calls.  The drox operative guild can play a wildcard in your gameplay calling you to betray the race you were aligning with.  Highly recommended.
76561198015825561,Recommended,274480,9259461,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Mauiman,What can I say?!  Wish I found this years ago... Exactly what Iv'e been looking a long time for... 2 words... GET THIS!!
76561197982700616,Recommended,274480,9307073,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,loganxcalibur,"A surprisingly fun game that’s well worth the purchase.  The graphics are pretty out dated, but ship development and mercenary/freelance type play with multiple completion options really adds life.  Have to truly strain on whether to place points towards fitting better engines, or saving up for better shields etc.  I have easily put 20 hours into this hidden gem and set aside big names titles to keep playing this."
76561198108269527,Recommended,274480,9437247,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,quantum_jak,"This is an excellent game. A shoot and loot rpg in space with gameplay that reminds me of the space rangers series. Being a Soldak game, it combines arpg game play with having to balance relationships with multiple factions. Very fun!"
76561198017127434,Recommended,274480,21589743,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,tarklot37,"Torchlight style space rpg.  Browse though your loot for the equipment that could be of use to your current ship, or a future ship.  Focus a strategy, but remember your power load.  Faction system is fun too, different AI."
,Recommended,274480,9499549,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Proton,"Like a mix of 'Space Pirates and Zombies', 'Diablo' & 'Civilizaion'. Nice game to play while listening to a podcast."
76561198053713050,Recommended,274480,26941392,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Baines,"At its simplest, Drox Operative is spaceship Diablo.  But the game is much more than that.  The AI is running a multi-party 4X game; the player acting as kingmaker or kingbreaker as necessary to reach his own goals.  Just reach your goals before the 4X game ends, even if it means betraying (temporary) allies in order to delay their victory.Just give the game a chance, as it can take more than one game for everything to click."
,Recommended,274480,18470490,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,The Mi-Go 13,"TL:DR - If you love ARPGs and want to play a very unique interpretation of the genre, buy this game. It is wonderful.Drox Operative is a highly unique experience which is a rare feat in today's world of games that are immediately familiar and easily described as ""Game A"" combined with ""Game B"". Although not flashy, it has heart, creativity, fun, reward, and innovation in spades. The play is direct and simple as is typical for ARPGs but very deep and customizable, and the choices of what equipment to keep and what to trade away goes well beyond simply choosing which bauble has the biggest numbers on it. The best adjective I can use for this game is 'rewarding'. The experience of playing Drox Operative FAR FAR outstrips the moderate price tag that Texas-based Soldak Entertainment is asking for it.Drox Operative is a true hidden gem that combines 4x space, ARPG, and resource management into a game that is simple to play, hard to master and always evolving because of the choices you make. All of this combines to make a game that feels alive and dangerous in a way that other ARPGs just don't have. It is an unexpected treasure nestled in a hidden corner of a genre that has many fine offerings. The only disappointing thing about this game is that so few people know about it. With wider coverage this game would be legendary.If you love ARPGs but want something that takes the genre to the next level, play the free demo. Better still, save yourself some time and just buy the game. The galaxy awaits.Happy gaming,M13"
,Recommended,274480,26097572,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,tigertank44,"This is a fun, simple, yet challenging game.This is kind of Diablo in space, with diplomacy, with a lot of dying.Instead of hacking and slashing you lock on and fire lasers.Instead of axes and bows you have missiles, lasers, mines, shields, power generators, hull armour, etc.Gameplay is great and offers a lot of replayability at various difficoulty settings.Controls are bit difficoult to learn at start but there are guides on the net that can help a newbie out.Game is very unforgiving. You make a bad decision - you deal with consequences. There is no save option. You can just create a new universe at start there.***IMPORTNAT NOTE***Your experience does carry over from one universe to another allowing for constant progress.***END OF NOTE***+Pros:Great replayabilityNot bad AIChallengingDiplomacy-Cons:Inventory system (starting cargo bay is very small)Graphics (not really a con as it means that game works fast at low cost setups)Quests will get a bit repetitive over time"
,Recommended,274480,10269258,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Fox,"For the first time in literally years, I have finally found a game that managed to scratch a very particular itch that I have had since Escape Velocity: Nova.   Despite the indie production value, this is a truly good game."
76561198005024454,Recommended,274480,9312688,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Gonzomaniac,Fun diablo in space game.
,Recommended,274480,9599140,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Fuzzy_Spider,"Diablo in space, kind of."
,Recommended,274480,9263042,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Xenogfan43,"Galactic Civilizations 2 meets diablo, with you as a rogue agent.  If you enjoy ARPGs even a little bit, this is a must-play."
76561198002913841,Recommended,274480,19405036,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,pugo,"the same company made depths of peril, this is depths of peril in s p a c e. there is no party for the player but there more faction things to do and the space setting allows more item mechanics like cloaking devices and fighter ship summons in so you don't feel lonely."
76561197987726424,Recommended,274480,9177597,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,SpartanMarine88,Kinda like SPAZ and Diablo had a love child
,Recommended,274480,9267840,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Mazzle Dazzle,"I gotta say I'm impressed with the game.  It is an action space combat game where you fly around and target ships with the mouse and fire.  Thats basically the core mechanics.  There are races waging war and doing whatever around you and that is where the cooler features come into play.  You can use diplomacy to gain friends and exchange technology, manipulate races into warring with each other, use espionage and steal technology, wipe out planets, so one and so forth.  It's basically Masters of Orion but you control one independent ship rather than a series of planets and fleets. You can go around doing whatever you want."
76561197974844200,Recommended,274480,9178770,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,DoomCraft,"Amazing game! It's basically diablo in space, with a much more involved universe."
,Recommended,274480,12401315,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,rogersm0,Some pretty fun coop for such a seemingly simple game.
76561197967861921,Recommended,274480,9184434,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,DustMan,"stop reading! just buy it!yes, it is that good!"
76561198006891421,Recommended,274480,9228371,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Mercea,awesome fun
,Recommended,274480,35326493,Posted: 30 September,all,-=LCS=- nevermelt,Diablo in space.
,Recommended,274480,25191493,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,stabbyjones,The game it's fun enough but there is a looooooonnnnnnnggggggg grind ahead of you if you start. The game is a well designed with clear goals and the concepts are easy to pick up with a bit of practice. The control over the level and rules of each sector makes it easy to fit your style.This is recommended only to those who have the time to put into it. You'll be repeating the same thing over and over and over and over.Update: mods help reduce the pain.http://www.soldak.com/forums/forumdisplay.php?f=31
,Not Recommended,274480,29670826,Posted: 3 February,all,mwyeoh,"A very interesting premise where you are a mercenary and the AI empires are pretty much playing a 4X game around you, however there are some very big shortcomings.While the AI have not met other AI, they flourish. However once they meet, they will start sabotaging each other like crazy which gives planets everything from mutation plagues to mass insanity. At this stage every empire declines into its inevitable destruction.You can try stop it (Which feels more like handholding or babysitting), however it will usually only delay mutual destruction, not stop it. Also, once you start babysitting one empire, every other empire (unless they have allies) will hate you and declare war on you.Ship customization is also nice, but it would be good if there was more control over which areas of your ship you wanted to expand (More heavy/medium/light). Combat is unteresting but also gets repetitive"
76561198137364984,Not Recommended,274480,24445453,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,samicx_sigma,"There's some fun to be had with this game, the design is interesting. However, the gameplay becomes really, really repetative. So you're going to hit a point where the game just ceases to be interesting. Also, bounty hunters are way OP.Overall: 2/5"
76561198026784701,Recommended,274480,11189784,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Abbadon the Water of Wormwood,I am a happily biased Soldak Fan!
,Recommended,274480,9247122,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,generalzee,"In short: Space Diablo.In more detail, Drox Operative is like the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child result of a one night stand between Galactic Civilizations and Diablo. You have some interesting diplomacy options that allow you to protect yourself and the ability to sell stolen technologies tied in with a point-and-click, top-down, action-rpg. The mechanics are simple enough to learn, and ship configuration is a series of tough choices adding some good depth.Downsides of this game are that loot optimization is basically all you're doing, though it is very satisfying. Leveling starts slowing around level 15 and pacing in general can be quite slow at times (Especially when trying to convince 2 of your allies to ally themselves so you can win).Overall, the game is addicting and, most importantly, fun. If you like Diablo-style games, this is highly recommended. Less recommended to those seeking a Gal-Civ like game."
76561197968956752,Recommended,274480,23012358,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,glub ♥Linux,"✓ Diablo II in space✓ Many neat features✓ Intricate game mechanics✓ Vast and dynamic playground, randomly generated✓ GNU/Linux support!✘ No DRM-free build?✘ Sound effects and soundtracks are below average."
,Recommended,274480,9180087,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Regicold,"Diablo... IN SPACE. Lots of complex diplomacy I don't care about. Game is what you make it, if you can grasp it. And loot upgrades FOR DAYS. Pretty damn good."
76561198105217308,Recommended,274480,10898737,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Blitze44,yes
76561198006514100,Recommended,274480,22242053,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,der-gib,Nice game!
76561198014939257,Recommended,274480,9339720,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Trevorkian,"It's Diablo,in space,with ships,and loot Piniatas.Best fun I have found in a loooooong time."
,Recommended,274480,23215948,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Blubbermaggot,"I've played a few hours on a demo I downloaded years ago but uninstalled at the end when it demanded $20 for the full version.Buy this on sale for $5 as that's what it's worth.A decent, if old, space-themed management-economy-diplomacy sim.Oh, and you can upgrade your weapons to blow bigger chunks out of those who don't agree with your ideas. P2W Simulator? Haha 6.5/10"
,Recommended,274480,22855587,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Hoflog,"Great Game, Coop is where it real shines!"
76561198090234955,Recommended,274480,35148987,Posted: 23 September,all,biu,One of those games that will take up all your free time by doing everything/nothing ingame.
76561197982371705,Recommended,274480,9256367,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,vizualartist,"This game has a ""win button"" always displayed at the bottom of your screen and you can click it as many times as you want whenever you want.  It's that kind of freedom that makes this such a good game and makes it so much more than just Diablo in space."
76561198010791222,Recommended,274480,13581120,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Eyewashere,Drox operative video reviewhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OWwTM8SObaQ&list=UUMLlqy1ogXNBM9-d6vsOn4Q
76561197993245528,Recommended,274480,12121290,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Booty Warrior,It's Great!
,Recommended,274480,9265008,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Commander,Fantastic little game. You basically play as a rogue NPC in a 4X space game (Similar to Galactic Civilization). Your goal is to complete a victory objective while gaining loot and xp. It's very similar to participating in a dungeon crawler in space and the dungeon(s) are sectors of space where the 4X game is being played.
,Recommended,274480,27318004,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Eviscinx,"Just here for the Awards badge, but none the less Drox Operative is a fun game."
,Not Recommended,274480,10041382,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,burito,"Don't look at my ""hours played"", as I play offline mostly. Look at my achievements.If you're looking for a good 2D space combat game like ""Solar Winds"", ""Starscape"", or ""SPAZ"", this is not it. Keep moving.This is a ♥♥♥♥ing grind fest with a space skin on it, nothing more.Think Borderlands, with no plot. All there is to this game is grind for XP, grind for better random items, that's it.It also shows strong evidence of no playtesting. There's no attempt to make this game fun. Expect to get one-hit killed many many times when you get to level 50. It starts getting quite unbalanced about that point. I found an enemy that had health regeneration that was higher than my DPS, and I had put about 40% of my points into tactical (the damage stat).Also, it is not possible to max out your character, there are 6 skills, and enough levels + points to max out 2 of them, assuming you put absolutely no points into anything else.Graphics are pretty rough, which probably wont bother you if you're looking for a 2D space combat game, sadly however the frame rate stuttered quite often on my as of 2014 US$3000 PC.That may be your cup of tea, but it sure as♥♥♥♥♥♥is not mine.Avoid like the plague."
76561198080789353,Not Recommended,274480,12978065,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,RANDY RANDERSON✌,"This is a good shoot & loot game. Don't expect anything much deeper. Like I said, it's good, not amazing. The replay value is very high, and can suck up a lot of your time. But once you start to learn how things work and that the Scavengers are massively OP you'll get pretty bored."
76561198049313249,Not Recommended,274480,19622536,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,nerevarine,"OH GEE, DID THEY DROP THE BALL ON THIS ONE.So basically, the game has a ton of cool features: fly a ship around and interact with a ""Sector"" (more on that later), that lives/breathes/dies on its own, and where you are a sort of ""special agent"" working for a group called the DROX (basically, like the Illuminati in space), who only care about making money, and having control over everyone else in some sort of NWO bull shack scheme; but ulimately, as long as it profits them.So where does the game go so stupidly wrong?First of all, that you can fly around and affect the world is like Space Rangers 2.While the game boasts freedom, and has 20 times more options/features than Space Rangers 2, incuding a full-on Diplomacy aspect, it's really incredibly limiting.A total chore.The game all happens in real time.That can be pretty bloody annoying where you get 10 million pop-ups, which are basically galactic fires you MUST try to put out, so the DROX ""plan"" stays on track. Otherwise, you go to ""YOU'RE GONNA F ING LOSE in 10 minutes!"" countdown mode.Basically, the game tells you when things are so screwed, that you are going to lose the game...in 10 minutes.That's nice.However, to fix issues with other races killing each other (over the smallest, stupidest things), often involves doing quests for them. ""OK, so DRAAK says, go explore THAT PLANET, in THAT SYSTEM"", but it WILL TAKE YOU FOREVER TO FLY THERE.Not to mention all the hostile mobs that will spawn and spam you with their weapons along the way.GAWD, you fly sooooooooooooooo slooooooooooooooooooooooow in this game.Even with equipment to boost your speed, it's barely noticeable.The game is supposed to be in a galaxy, but it's really a ""sector"".If you lose, you are pretty much told you suck and can continue...in a new sector!Sectors are designed by mentally impaired chimpanzees.One of them, was literally a STRAIGHT F NG LINE.I now present, the DROX OPERATIVE rendition of the song: ""Dem Bones""""The A system is connected to the...B system,the B system is connected to the...C system,the C system is connected to the...D system,now hear the word of Soldak!""Also, your system radar is smelly like a dirty behind.You have to fly around forever to clear the ""fog of the star system"" to find anything.Even better, it only marks where you found planets and jump gates, and not stations, recharge stations (critical, because after firing like 10 laser shots, your ships out of power and it might say you recharge 2pts. per second, and your laser costs 10pts. to fire, and so in 5 seconds, you can fire. Meanwhile, you have surplus of power!....WHO DESIGNED THIS VOMIT PILE OF ORAFICE GUNK?).So, while you're spammed with messages from the AI nations, and all their problems, and unable to get to them all, and going to lose the game unless you...read the strategy guides? Well, any game you have to go online to figure out how to F NG play it, or read a plethora of strategy guides, hints, how to mod or to download mods (most are all hosted on sites that require you sign-up so they can sell all of your information like Facebook), well, then that game is a not a GAME but an AT-HOME WORK PROJECT.You can have more fun FAPPING to an Excel Spreadsheet than mess with this junk.And it's sad because they tried to make it real simple.Even has an option to use a Joystick.No, not for fapping, but controlling your ship.There is no auto-flight, but rather you must keep your finger pressed to move.You can't select an area of the map either. Only immediate objects to auto-fly/move/chug to them.That's totally lame.You will sprain your fricken finger and then your fapping-self (or your lady friend) are over for a good time being.Simple, cool things: it's like Diablo in space. Random, varied loot items drop to add to your ship's stuff.Of course, you're not equipping a dude or dudette, but a ship.But they catagorize ""equipemtn slots"" by stupid bleeding colors: Green slot, Yellow slot stuff, Red slot stuff, Orange slot stuff.For some reason, you can have Armor plates that are ""Yellow slot stuff"" but then others that are ""Red slot stuff"".I didn't notice any stack but then again, all the info is all over the place and game seems prone to stat bugs, who knows what I was looking at?You can get ""chips"", like ""gems"" to socket items, but the game makes it such a tedious, poorly explained chore, you'd think you just click and slide it in the thing, but no, that just can't be simple. LOL. One time, an item I was using I realized had an empty slot. I couldn't do it while equipped. I moved to my inventory...now it doesn't say it has an empty slot? WTH?So, you'll run into all kinds of junk like that.Endless trash loot. They have colors for loot type: Grey, Green, Yellow, etc. so that adds to the confusion.All that stuff sucks too. I've had Grey items 5x better than Green, Yellow, for example.Even on the easiest settings, you'll lose, die a few times, but mostly, you'll quickly find this game so frustrating, just trying to do 1 thing, when INEXPLICABLY, everyone declares WAR on each other AND YOU.And then you're going to F NG lose the game...in 10 minutes.Also, the more you level up, the less XP you get per kill and longer it takes, to where it becomes a really horrible grind.Especially for a single-player game.If this was a PTP MMO, this would make sense, even making travel SO SLOW THAT TURTLES WILL FEED BAD FOR YOU, it would all make sense.Instead, nah, they'd rather bork your experience by 86'ing all fun from this.""OH LOOK, COOL EXPLOSIONS! UH, wait? I did a quest to deliver a package to the Humans and the Draak and Dryad empires got so panty-knotted, even though my relations with them were high for all the quests I did for them, that they declare are on us? Just like THAT?! Uhhh. Is this a 'fun' game or just a tr0ll that polymorphed into a game? Why do I feel like reading junk mail will be more fun at this point?""*DROXXORED*"
,Recommended,274480,33380345,Posted: 8 July,all,sephirothangel,Excellent timesink for those into the rpg genre
,Not Recommended,274480,26364309,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Kar-Chee,Not nearly as good as it might seem at first glance.
,Recommended,274480,24248089,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Para,Great Game
,Recommended,274480,33911414,Posted: 30 July,all,TnuocEht,+1
,Not Recommended,274480,30221840,Posted: 27 February,all,BradentonSlick,"This game has some cool ideas but some things kill it for me. First of all, while the game itself is easy to play, the learning curve is steep. I read some player guides for help and I STILL didn't really feel comf ortable playing. And the the most important reason: You start out with practically NO CASH and you are told missions raise cash, fine.  You get some missions and find most of them are in another sector and the ONLY way to get to the missions is to pay to use it (in game currency) Guess what? You don't have enough because you just started the freaking game! Note to all devs: if you make it a hassle just to play the game, you wont have many players. In summary, I can NOT recommend this game because the cool ideas are buried under poor design choices. Asked for a refund."
,Not Recommended,274480,13574274,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,CryonicSuspension,"I wish that I had played the demo first; I found this game disappointing.Based on online, gaming magazine reviews and Youtube reviews, I was expecting something similar to Space Rangers 2: Reboot or a 4 x game like either Star Control or Master of Orion 2. This game is neither of these things.You are the last of the Drox race, a once mighty Empire that was all but destroyed in a war. You only have one ship, you don't build more and you don't colonize planets. Your goal is to figure out which AI race will emerge as the strongest race and brown-nose them, by doing quests for them. A race might ask you to find a replacement power supply for a planet or smuggle in hand-held weapons, to quell subsequent riots. It sounds more interesting than it actually is, since it is just a case of buying an item from a specific vendor and then transporting it to the specific planet.Figuring out which race will emerge victorious is not difficult, since you have 100% intelligence gathering, regarding Empire strength. Some races lack social skills, or are fickle, or aggressive. I knew how the second game would play out, after losing the first. The race traits don't change between games, so that will completely kill any longevity.You spend most of your time flying around, at the speed of a snail, exploring derelict ships, in an attempt to uncover the fog of war. Random ships and races will attack you. Combat consists of spamming the 1 key because the other two weapons in the game are worthless, by comparison. Finding random loot and juggling items was fun in the first game but you figure out how to min / max the game in a couple of hours.This game was a waste of time and money, to the point that I highly recommend playing the demo or avoiding it altogether. I wish that I could get my money back. Play whatever is the best Space Rangers game out there.Master of Orion 2 is still the best 4x game ever:http://www.gog.com/game/master_of_orion_1_2Alpha Centauri is also an excellent 4x game:http://www.gog.com/game/sid_meiers_alpha_centauri"
76561198050865043,Not Recommended,274480,9216636,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,issssk,"Somewhat fun if you don't expect too much of it. Far too many wormholes, had to start over twice because some wormhole popped up and threw me in a system so far away it took ages to get back. It's kinda hard to keep an overview on where vou've been already and what to, especially when you have to skip valuables bc. your cargo room is full and getting to a planet to sell it is a major hassle."
76561198019389560,Not Recommended,274480,13288840,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Avatar,Felt unfinished.
76561198079013092,Not Recommended,274480,10248556,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,edshaw,"Been There, Done that, lackluster copy of Escape Velocity"
76561197987350411,Not Recommended,274480,32199766,Posted: 5 June,all,Shawn of the Dead,Gets really boring really quick.
,Not Recommended,274480,11416922,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Falkus,"Terrible. Boring. Lackluster.I'd rather brain myself with a rusty spoon than to play this game. It's boring, uninspiring with graphics that belong to a game made in the 90's.No story, no engaging gameplay and woefully unbalanced once you hit the higher levels.Avoid this POS like the plague.Play Master of Orion 2 instead if you want a decent space game."
,Recommended,274480,11126479,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,WWWebGuru,"Not a bad game and it certainly has a LOT of potential. It would be nice if the loot wasn't so random; at least a percentage needs to be geared towards where you are and race specific. It is very difficult to ""upgrade"" because vendors options are nearly useless, which means you rely on ""drops"" for upgrades. Some of these, depending on your race, can be very problematic to procure. This is especially true for power...you either have too much or not nearly enough. Regardless. Minor issues overall. I've played about 50 hours so far and I can see myself getting bored pretty quick because it turns into a ""grind fest"", but so far it's been a decent game."
76561197985273494,Recommended,274480,10885321,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,TREX ARMS,It's like Daiblo in space with Civ's politics thrown in.  Pretty awesome.
76561198018695552,Recommended,274480,10943354,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,dmjaeger,"This is a surprisingly addictive game, I highly reccomend it with the proviso that you should go into it knowing its not a deep game, it does have tactical depth but as an ""RPG"" its mighty thin."
,Recommended,274480,11242212,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Gusty,this game is really really hard. there's always that one race that seems to want to go to war with the operatives and from there every other race follows the lead
76561197970471664,Recommended,274480,19366667,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Akabander,"This is the space exploration game I've been looking for. The premise that you're the irritant in a 4X universe being fought by AI races is just brilliant. It provides a ""living"" backdrop to the action game that gives it astounding depth and variety."
,Recommended,274480,19522551,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,WedgieEvans,First week of having this game I have 38 hours. Still not bored.
76561198055807563,Recommended,274480,19623882,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Haejuk,"Here's a short review:This is a great action RPG set in space with a fun diplomacy system.  Diplomatically, things change around you a lot and you can influence a lot of changes but you can't control everything.  Good fun, but sometimes (sometimes!)  unfairly difficult.Here's a review that explains everything with some gameplay:https://youtu.be/w5DQxGd_mTAI don't regret my purchase."
76561198015039932,Recommended,274480,22736906,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,SilentAnthem,"A great Coop game for players sick of grindy rouge-likes.I like how each player can go off and do their own thing (quests, combat, etc.) while still contributing to the overall mission."
76561198026676367,Recommended,274480,21017057,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,james_ghiorzi,"First review.  Pretty good game once you get going, a little grindy but even that takes a back seat as blast stuff with lasers and other weapons, I was very suprised at the quality of the game well made and definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,274480,20480819,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Obvious,"Explore a new sector in space.  Find tons of monsters and aliens.  Explode them all.  Find salvage to upgrade ship (and crew, even). Well, maybe don't explode all the aliens, some of them have money or parts or supplies for your ship.  Blow up the right things until your boss says you did a good job.  Move on to next sector, one slightly more dangerous than the last.  Repeat.I like how the universe evolves in a galaxy campaign depending on your actions in previous sector.  New subraces popping up or others going extinct.  Some races start to tend to align towards or (more likely) against each other.  But you can still change these trends if you focus on them.You can do the quests the planets give you or you can ignore them and go fight random monsters and pirates.  Or just go on a rampage against those energy beings that annoyed you in the last sector, seeking to wipe them from the galaxy for good this time.  But when the guild gives you a mission, well, sometimes you just have wipe out your closest allies for the good of the galaxy or the loot.  (Mostly the loot.)"
,Recommended,274480,9237326,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,NormireX,"If you were a fan of Armada on the Dreamcast, if you like Action RPG's with random loot drops, if you like space sim type games with options for diplomacy between races or choices to sabotage, spread rumors, etc, then I would highly recommend Drox Operative!This game reminds me a lot of Armada, which was one of the greatest games on the Sega Dreamcast in my opinion.  And as of right now this is the closest game we have to a true Armada style game on PC.One small complaint I do have with Drox Operative however is the lack of visual ship customization. You basically choose a race at the beginning and are given a default ship and then you have to increase your Command skill to change the look of your ship and it also adds more slots to equip gear. What I would like to see is the ability to buy different styles of ships or the ability to customize the appearance of the ships. That being said, it is a small complaint but should not deter anyone from picking up this great game.I would give Drox Operative an 8 -8.5/10, Pick it up, you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,274480,9187648,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Stampeder,Awesome! A new take at an old concept. Intriguing~ Only lacks Steam Cloud Save at the moment. Hope they'll implement it in the future.
,Recommended,274480,9618809,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,lordmario,"Haven't play a great deal of it yet, but so far the diversity of actions and conditions for winning make the game very enjoyable. I feel as if I'm a private force in a 4x grand war and love being able to manipulate the races through economic, helpful, or even just made up ways (spreading rumors)."
,Recommended,274480,9436161,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,sgentle,"Can you imagine a game with the diplomacy system of Civ, the ship customisation of FTL, the combat and loot system of Diablo, the trading and quest system of Freelancer and the learning curve of Dwarf Fortress?Well, you don't have to imagine. That's what this is."
76561198043042339,Recommended,274480,9438483,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Razorstar,"Good game never matter its file size,just provide you an endless universe."
76561198004052938,Recommended,274480,9367474,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Nouveau Shamanic,"Great, addictive arcade-style RPG."
76561197972947102,Recommended,274480,9415276,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Shawdawg,Really fun game. Open Ended Space Sim. Lots of potential to do whatever you want. I'll be playing it quite a bit.
76561198013133507,Recommended,274480,9349230,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Technakill,"Arpg..............in spaceee!  Very nice take on diablo like titels with mild graphics and nice colors. The exploration is vast and the roleplaying through race politics is somewhat annoying to me , but i just want to blow up evrything and loot all to make the baddest star ship possible! amazing concept ! thumbs up on a saving money for this worth while tiem waster!"
,Recommended,274480,9418196,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,dr. iscoll,"This is a pretty decent rogue-like.  I almost consider it a new-game plus as well like dead rising.  For me, the game seems to be so far about leveling up your ship, and adding new components until you have enough strength to tackle one of the 16, i think, challenges.I bought the game and pretty much played it pretty consistently in my spare time, and I've definately gotten my money out of it.On the other hand, looking at their other game(s) there are distinct similarities and I think you should at least change your UI.Either way, its a good game.  If you like grindy rogue-likes."
,Recommended,274480,9256084,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Zorochi,"this game is fantastic, the visuals in the trailer seem very 90s and low end but the gameplay is great fun.drox operative has a lot of depth with its arpg gameplay, rpg leveling system and loot that once you start playing online co op with some friends you wont be able to stop"
76561198114295997,Recommended,274480,12276959,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Kahn,Diablo II in space with spaceships and lots of loots.Incredibely addictive
76561198001022467,Recommended,274480,9856238,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Cant_Carry_Me,The copy paste issue has been fixed.
,Recommended,274480,9541349,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,-=HATE=- Leviathan,It's a diablo clone in space. Why not?
,Recommended,274480,27243752,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CobraLad,"More thrilling than clicking through sceletons and swimming through the white trash, maybe the most engaging hack&slash type game on the market."
,Recommended,274480,21111849,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,p5eudo,"It seems my crashes were likely due, at least in part, to a sound driver issue. I've noticed a few games have had this issue. Drox Operative has not been crashing lately, which I believe may be due to OS updates.I would like to change my review to recommend this game. It's a lot of fun. But it's really easy to say ""I'll stop after I complete this objective..."" and realize 12 hours later that you're not going to get much done today.Drox Operative is a lot of fun"
76561197990538829,Recommended,274480,9234881,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Doom Ihl' Varia,"This game is crack. It is kind of repetitive but somehow I don't care. If I were still my younger, less-disciplined self, this game would possibly be wrecking my career and marriage for a few weeks."
