user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,274500,31889226,Posted: 21 May,all,~Insane オタク~,"So there i was, aimlessly wandering the wastes of the Steam store, seeing if i find something that stands out. Something that manages to impress me. Something that isn't just a generic clone of something else.And then i found this. Looked interesting, so i thought i'd give it a whirl. And very quickly, i found myself thinking ""Good heavens, why have i never heard of this game, before?"".Truly, i had found the very definition of a hidden gem.It has the vibe of the original Syndicate. It has the music (And the somewhat cryptic lore/plot) of Hotline Miami. And rather gracefully, it brings these elements together in a mech/tank/hovertank action game where you level entire city blocks.A quick run-down of the setting: The game takes place in the city of Solo Nombre, on the planet Novo Solo, an off-world colony far from earth.A while ago, this colony was taken over by a dictator simply known as ""Great leader"", who turned the colony into a North-Korea style, hyper-isolationist city-state.Tonight, he has died.Pretty much immediately, you have a rebel uprising happening, loyalists trying to cling to the old ways, a highly advanced outside faction called the ""spacers"" using the opportunity to essentially invade, and your employer, a shady corporation, hiring mercs to ""represent their interests"" as well. And it's all happening in one night. A battle royale to be sure!Oh, don't worry though, despite the game being set all in the same night, the devs were kind enough not to give us time limits. (Thank you devs!)As for the gameplay, it's quite a good mix. On easier difficulty settings, with stronger vehicles, you will pretty much steamroll everything, but get fairly small rewards. The higher the difficulty gets and the more challenging the vehicle you pick, the more you will have to play it smart and carefully, but the richer you will become. It's quite charming that way.Anyways, i'm truly hoping that this game gets a bit of a late updraft in popularity. Maybe it's just me, but i had never even heard of it before i randomly stumbled upon it in the store, the other day. And for a game this fun, that's just not right.So yeah, a clear thumbs up. I heartily recommend you give this game a whirl, and i hope it's been successful enough for the devs to make future titles!"
,Recommended,274500,32134845,Posted: 2 June,all,Just Juice,"It's like if Future Cop LAPD and Hotline Miami had a baby.Fun vehicles and destruction, great music and art. Brigador is a clean and polished experience from the start menu to the cockpit. All the elements blend so well. The game really feels like a labor of love."
,Recommended,274500,23486980,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,BODACIOUS BARTHOLOMEW,"With its hulking, calamitous warmachines, cold, stylish synth-laden soundtrack, and grim totalitarian setting, Brigador feels like an iron-handed ode to all the classic isometric sci-fi games of the nineties. To put it bluntly, it kicks a lot of♥♥♥♥♥ There is just something really special about eviscerating everything in your way (yes, as the trailer says, *everything*) in a 50 ft. metallic beast that spews molten death, while armed forces hopelessly throw everything they got at you to put an end to your orgy of annihilation. It is just ♥♥♥♥ing rad.As someone who grew up with Crusader, Syndicate, Command & Conquer, Mech Commander and a bunch of other PC games of their ilk, Brigador made me a little teary-eyed. It was like I was a kid again, gleefully playing on my crappy hand-me-down computer that could barely run Red Alert 2. I haven't played a game that made me feel like that in a long time."
,Recommended,274500,32135215,Posted: 2 June,all,AvalonGuard,"Brigador is a vehicular shooter with a killer aesthetic and tight gameplay that rewards good play no matter how you go about it. Smart, stealthy players will have a serious challenge ahead, but the payouts will be massive. Not up to the crazy hard, grueling endurance runs? No problem. Grab a big mech with a big gun and wreak havoc and guess what? You'll still get paid, and you can do it in three missions.This isn't really a twin-stick shooter; WASD are your chassis movement controls and your turret/torso are controlled with a mouse. I definitely do not recommend using a controller at all as you'll lose some serious precision which you'll need. There are options to significantly reduce the game speed if needed, so if you're jonesing for a controller game Brigador will do in a pinch.The Freelance mode, with static maps but random enemy placements, will be the meat of your time with the game. Pick any vehicle, weapons, and level setups you've unlocked and GO!The campaign is decent fun, with unique and static scenarios. You'll be rewarded very well for each level and vehicle pair you complete, so if you're enjoying youself, go back and clear the level again with a completely different vehicle.The Deluxe Edition is well-worth it for the music alone, and the Audiobook is great military sci-fi fun.I wholeheartedly recommend Brigador to anyone who likes action games. $20 is a steal for how much you'll get and there's more to come; the devs have been releasing more pilots, vehicles, and missions since release, along with balancing and the like."
,Recommended,274500,24422864,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Agent Cooper,"Absolutely superb isometric mech action. One can sense genuine effort and artistry that were poured into it, from its satisfying and responsive action (once one gets used to tank controlls that grace most of game's vehicles, something we rarely see today) to its gorgeously crafted visuals and remarkable soundtrack.While most folks will understandably start with game's campaign mode, freelance mode is where the real fun is. Unlike campaign mode, which oft gives choice between few predefined vehicles for each mission, freelance mode offers insane variety of vehicles and weapons one can purchase through credits earned in each mission, as well as variety of meaty new missions to unlock. Weapons differ vastly in their properties and behaviour, and are mostly really fun to use, so that already high replayability is additionaly enhanced with player's desire to try out all those different ways of unleashing glorious mass destruction upon the world.Game is also oozing with olden style cyberpunk mood and is trully gorgeous to look at, especially once action is at its pinnacle with gratuitous explosions and laser beams filling the screen, and with game's destructible environments showing their crunchy best.All in all, remarkably well crafted game, and one that is chock full of content. That it received next to no media and gamer attention, compared to various unmentionable indie chaff that is oft glorified by the media and is endlessly promoted by its soul-dead playerbase, just shows how bad this industry's state really is."
,Recommended,274500,32353557,Posted: 11 June,all,Zhev,"Neon pistons and tight controls, make this Iso- cyberMech game damn near perfect. With an array of vehicles to choose from , some dabs of Roguelite blended with deep lore and total destruction of Solo Nobre.Not to mention a soundtrack that can jive with Hotline."
,Recommended,274500,29194508,Posted: 11 January,all,the dog appreciator,"You are Luis Leng, a single Brigador in a small Mongoose powersuit. You have a light machine gun mounted to one arm, a light-caliber cannon in the other, a stolen Spacer camo system, and an Opportunity. Nobody knows you're there. Your targets are waiting in a country chalet. Overwhelming firepower guards them. You have made entrance to the district undetected, and you have an overview of the situation, courtesy of your employers. You sneak through the forest, knock down a hedge with your legs, forge your own path. You are still undetected. An enormous tank idles in front of the villa; its hardshields are lowered. They weren't expecting you. You aim between the trees, put an 84mm Carlos round in it, and it comes out the other side. The tank stops idling. Two scout vehicles approach from the other direction, attracted by the noise. You pepper them with 8mm Bonesaw rounds and they stop investigating. Your Carlos's autoloader slams a new shell into the breech and locks. You put your second cannon round of the day through the palatial house, blasting it to smithereens. Heavy tanks approach from the east. You flip the switch on your optic camo system; it buzzes to life, and you disappear into the underbrush. Three more targets to go.You are Arturo Nemi, to make it simple; your body came with that name. You are a Brigador piloting an Arlo. Your Auxilliary hardpoint is fitted with a Broiler multi-discharge laser. Your Small hardpoint is fitted with a Black Hand. Something resembling a megaphone on steroids is fitted to the side mount. You like it that way. It's flexible. Your contract is freeform: it requires you to do as much damage as possible to forward the SNC's interests, which happen to align with your own. You cruise *through* the slums of Solo Nobre, using your agrav's hull to smash a tunnel towards your objective.  A running tally of casualties and your payout for same updates in the corner of your vision. You're going for the big money, though. An orbital gun towers in front of you; mechs and agravs surround it. You close in behind a wall, and activate your audiokinetic pulse; you hear a tremendous echoing roar, bouncing off everything around you, and the orbital gun and everything around it start to crumble, followed immediately by an echoing explosion. You hear loud footsteps, approaching rapidly from around a corner, and aim your Black Hand at the wall; you see nothing, but a crackling hiss emits from it as you command it to fire. You watch with detached interest as the civilians running from your machine slump over, twitching and screaming, and the mechanical footsteps become erratic and stop. You pull around the corner and blast the stragglers' hulls to pieces with your Broiler. Three more guns to go.You are Johnny Five Aces, legend of the timestream, renowned pilot of every sort of vehicle, legendary shot with a revolver, and renowned dapper gentleman. You are driving a Treehouse, a terrifying agglomeration of cars and tanks, thirty feet tall. You have a Ploughman 132mm chemical munitions launcher, aimed by a pair of steering wheels on your left, and a König 30mm rotary autocannon (known by another name, long ago), aimed by another pair on your right; you also have a smoke grenade launcher, but hiding is for dishonorable cowards. You grind your way into a necropolis, turning tombstones to powder underneath your treads. A scout spots you, and radios for backup. Dozens of huge walkers and heavy tanks come into view, bringing their guns to bear. You hold down the trigger of your König and furiously crank the traverse across them, filling them with depleted uranium. You hear a series of deafening cracks, and another, closer one from your hardshields as your generator shorts out; pivoting your vehicle, you see Mantis mechs, Loyalists with Galinha railguns, already far too close, followed by Touros and a few Mongoose pilots in suits. You aim the Ploughman at the Mantises, fire, and advance into the ominous white cloud toward the mechs behind them. A horrible creak emits from below you, as your Treehouse starts to melt; you've made a terrible mistake. The windshield of the station wagon-turned-cockpit pits and flows away, dissolved by the Tubarão; you are next, as the vapor drifts into your cockpit. Like a ball pushed off the edge of a cliff, you scream as the Treehouse is transformed back into the raw materials it was built from (scrap metal). You will never see Nina again, nor engage in cosmos-shattering intercourse with her, because you have died.Welcome, Brigador.Brigador's controls take a little while to get used to, especially if you haven't played an isometric game in a long time. I recommend binding a mouse button to ""align to mouse""; it'll become second-nature quickly. The gameplay is both tactically and strategically deep, and extremely fun. The lore is both fascinating and well-written; the pilots have bios, the weapons and vehicles have intel summaries written like a technical manual, and there's plenty of other information to unlock as you earn the money to do so. I hear there's a novel and I'm looking forward to checking it out.In short, I recommend it."
76561197971718504,Recommended,274500,23356827,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Flag,"Its neat! Reminds me a bit of "" Future Cop : LAPD "" from the ps1 days.Worth it."
,Recommended,274500,30677057,Posted: 22 March,all,roa-kun,"Brigador is all about being a mech pilot. Now, when you think about being a mech pilot you'd usually think Mechwarrior (or Steel Batallion) and naturally, a cockpit view. That's always seems like the way to go with games about giant walking battle machines, but have you ever thought about how much you are missing, with a camera fixed like that? In those 3d games, you are limited either to pilot's cockpit or to your mech's neares vicinity (in 3rd-person mode), with all interesting stuff left out as blips on the radar. Even if you're involved in some close combat, you don't really see more than a handful of enemy machines at once.In Brigador, thanks to its isometric perspective, you can see everything around you. You also can take a peek a screen further. You see what you're doing, you see what your enemies are doing, nearly at all times - this allows you to take on lots, lots of enemy mechs at once.And you can also see your enemy unalerted and unsuspecting, which allows you to plan your surprise attackRealistic? NoWell, nowadays one could imagine using a flying drone for the ""camera""Fun? HELL YEAH! It really gives you feeling that a lot is going on.Of course, you have a single digit chance of winning a battle against 20 or more machines in an open field. There are two things which can help you with that. First, your mech's special abilities: smoke grenades, EMP grenades, thermo-optical camo, audio-kinetic pulse - they differ from machine to machine (and can be swapped). Second, your environment: buildings, industrial facilities, plain old walls, lush forests - these will readilly take a hit for you. At which we come to another cool feature of Brigador - fully destructible environment. You can make a hole in almost any wall, make a nice pathway in any forest, or cork-open some apartment building with a side of your mech. The cool part about this is that destructions are very detailed, as all structures have multiple destructible sections with several damage levels, which surprisingly adds to the feeling of weight of your mech and the destructive power of its weapons. And it's always fun to dissect a factory in a half and see what's inside. But it's not a visual feature only - this allows you to try whatever tactics you want, whether it's luring your enemies out, sneaking up to them, bottlenecking them, retreating from them ASAP, gathering them up near a gas station and blowing it up, you name it.The cool part about it is there are almost no encounters dragging on for too long. They are all short and violent, in a matter of a minute you either win, retreat or blow up.Of course, the amount of possible tactics is limited to two main factors: your machine type and its equipment. Speaking of machines, Brigador goes above and beyond - you have bipedal mechs, hover tanks, normal tanks, armored cars, killdozers, and even a threaded motorcycle! Speaking of equipment, you have three slots: primary, secondary and special ability. Special abilities are limited to 4 types. The guns, however, are plentiful, as you have cannons, laser guns, railguns, howitzers, rocket launchers, mortars, machineguns of different caliber and effect.So how to familiarize yourself with all this equipment and figure out best configurations? That's where we approach game modes. Brigador has two of them - campaign mode and freelance mode.Campaign mode is where you play through the story missions, with 4 pre-defined vehicle configurations available for each. This is a good place to get familiar with all weapons and chassis, as well as the maps (and also earn some money for freelance mode). This is also where we come around the fact that Birgador has very oldschool composition - you select Campaign mode, then select a mission from a list, then select a mech. That's it. The story, if any, is in a text box to the right of the mission. Which is bad. On the other hand, if you're tired and all TL;DR, you can jump straight into action without any obstacles. Which is good.You can always read the story afterwards, after all. You also can unlock more lore and intel from Acquisitions menuFreelance mode is where you go all nuts with customization. You hire pilots, buy chassis, buy equipment, unlock missions and engage - pretty much everything you would like to do in a game about mechs. The only complaint here is that missions are procedurally generated and start on the easy side. If you come to freelance fresh from the end of campaign mode, and go with the first suggested pilot, you'll be wondering why all you have to do is fight human targetswhich of course are no challenge. That's because the freelance mission difficulty is tied directly to the pilot's stats. So, pay attention to Start Difficulty, Max Difficulty and Increase Per Level stats of the pilots and pick the one that suits your skills.Both modes reward you with multiple types of missions - stealth, heavy close quarters combar, hit and run missions, etc. The missions are not all about engaging the enemy, but also about managing your mech. This is especially true for the freelance mode, where you have to clear several goals on several maps in a single mech. Your hull, your shields and your ammo are limited. There are two main ways to restore ammo - from reloading stations on the map (which are guarded), and by scavenging your destroyed enemies (which needs some precision damage control). If you don't blow them up to the bits you can get their ammo and their shields for yourself. This is important to know, as you can easilly be left without any ammo in the middle of your operation. So lots of times you'll have to plan your shootouts and keep some balance during combat, all so you can disable enemy vehicles and get to them to replenish your shileds and guns. Try doing this during a combat with multiple machines for the most hardcore action.To make your experience smoother, the game offers rebindable keys for keyboard, and rebindable buttons for your controller (which is a rare find these days)Speaking of sound, firing your guns is very, very satisfying. Explosions and destuction sounds are also good. The music in game is your synthwave/retrowave mix - it's very upbeat, compells the gameplay well, and gets you in the mood very quick. Which is all it needs to be.There are not to many games in the mech combat genre, and even less games which offer a level of fun, action and attention to detail Brigador offers. It makes even sadder the fact that this game could really use more sales, as at the time of review SteamSpy estimates it to be around 18k. If you ever thought that giant battle machines are cool, you should definetly give Brigador a try.P.S. For more awesome hidden gems, follow the steamCRIMINALLY Low Salescurator."
76561198009156462,Recommended,274500,30906224,Posted: 2 April,all,Ces,"The one question anyone purchasing a game must ultimately answer is: will I enjoy this game?Do you like customizing mechs?Do you like top down shooters?Do you like mutiple strategic options to any scenario?Do you like incredible sprite graphics that make you wonder why we ever went to polygons?Do you like reducing cities to barren concrete wastelands like some sort of mechanized kaiju?Do you like dark, gritty, and flavorful worldbuilding?Do you like synth soundtracks capturing the best of 80' scifi?If you like these, then the answer is yes, you will enjoy brigador."
,Recommended,274500,28045014,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,XTRMNTR2K,"A real gem of a game.I've had heard about and seen gameplay of this game prior to its release, but then lost track of it. Now that it had been released for a while, I rediscovered it and bought the game +OST and audiobook during a sale... Yeah, shame on me (I only buy games during sales these days).At the time of writing this, I have played Brigador for over 26 hours; this should, in my opinion, be enough to give a good estimate of its qualities.Brigador is, without doubt, a gem. And I'm not talking diamond-in-the-rough here, but a real, polished gem.The lore, while not the main selling point, is fantastic. Through well-written pilot and equipment descriptions as well as dedicated lore and intel entries you get a glimpse into a fleshed-out universe that has obviously been crafted with love and care. Add to that the fantastic 80's-synth-inspired soundtrack and beautiful, cyberpunk-esque graphical presentation and you've already got a winner. But the real star here is the gameplay; Brigador is not just an isometric mech shooter, but a surprisingly deep and engaging experience.Finally an honest game descriptionThe game's description in the store is surprisingly accurate. Here's what it says:Choose your vehicle, weapons, pilot, and defense.Assault the districts of Solo Nobre, then escape or die trying.Your choice.This describes the Freelance mode, which is the core of the game, pretty well.First you choose from a wide selection of pilots, most of which you have to unlock with hard-earned in-game currency. These pilots, however, do not differ in skills or stats, but in terms of difficulty. Each pilot has a minimum and maximum difficulty level, a set increase in difficulty per finished district, a mission complete bonus and a minimum and maximum payout multiplier.This can mean, for example, that some pilots are better for short missions (i.e. finished only three districts), as they have a fixed difficulty and payout multiplier. Other pilots are better at longer runs, with difficulty and payout multiplier increasing with each finished district.Once you have decided on a pilot, you need to select a vehicle, and there are a lot to choose from (with additional vehicles possibly being added with future patches).Vehicles come in three flavors: Mechs, tanks and so-called agravs (think hovertanks). Each of these classes handles very differently, and they are further divided by weight class and faction.Generally speaking, the more powerful, heavier vehicles are cheap to unlock but offer little or no additional payout multiplier, whereas the lighter, often less-heavily armed vehicles are more expensive to unlock (and often harder to play) but offer a higher payout multiplier (usually between 1.5 and 3.0, with one 10.0 vehicle being the exception).Each vehicle has two weapon hardpoints, which can fall into these categories: Main, heavy, auxiliary, small and turret. Every category has 8 unique and powerful weapons to choose from, a whopping 40 weapons all in all.Additionally, you can equip your vehicle with one of four different special weapons, that can have either defensive or offensive purposes - or a mix of both.Finally you choose a mission - which is a sort of mini-campaign consisting of several maps or 'districts' - and that's it. In order to finish and leave a district you need to complete at least one of these goals:1. Destroy all four planetary defense cannons2. Eliminate all enemy captains (usually between 4 and 6)3. Destroy at least 75% of your oppositionThere are also optional goals which you can (and should) complete for a better payout.Make no mistake... or it'll be your last.Once the mission begins, you start at one of several possible entry locations for each map; which one you spawn in is random.Your goal is to fulfill your mission and, most importantly, stay alive and finally extract via spaceport. If you fail, there is no continue, and around 99% of your accumulated points - your payout - will be withheld in order to cover your 'funeral expenses'. Basically, the game just says ""screw you!"" and gives you the finger when you die. And there are many, many ways to die; most of which start with the player doing something stupid.If you don't pay attention to your surroundings and blow up something explosive while standing right next to it, you will die. (Sounds like a noob mistake, but believe me, it happens more often than you think.)If you get cocky and rush into a large group of enemies, or trigger an alarm to have basically a whole districts worth of enemies converging on your last known location, you will die (at least if you don't GTFO immediately).If you select a combination of vehicle and weaponry you are not (yet) comfortable with and decide to do a high-difficulty run, you will absolutely, positively die in the most horrific way possible.This game can be hard, and sometimes unforgiving, buthowhard (or easy) is actually up to you, the player.If you like to take it easy or simply get acquainted with the game and its controls, choose a powerful vehicle/weapon combo, an 'easy' pilot and whatever length of mission you feel like doing. As long as you finish it and get paid in the end, you're a winner.Or, if you want to feel miserable, ride a tuk-tuk equipped with shrapnel-blasting cannons into the depths of hell (which seems to be anything higher than difficulty level ~7).Speaking of difficulty, there are levels ranging from 1 to 13 (there's even a certain pilot with a difficulty of 0, actually), and the first few of these are rather mild. Personally speaking I've been able to beat up to level 7 reliably with a reasonably powerful vehicle and weapons, but anything above is pure madness (to me, at least).We need guns. Lots of guns.One of the great things about Brigador is its large variety of vehicles and weapons. Pretty much every playstyle is possible.If you want to blast your enemies to smithereens from afar with naval cannons mounted to an ultra heavy tank, you can do just that.If you love to zoom around in a tiny agrav and murder your enemies in the face with shrapnel cannons that's totally possible.And if you like a heavy mech that stomps things that get too close and shoots lasers and gatling guns at everyone else - be my guest.That being said, none of the above works without some sort of tactical modus operandi; simply rushing in, guns blazing will quickly get you killed on anything but the lowest difficulties.Finding out what works for you (and what doesn't) is important (and fun).But wait! There's more.This review focuses mostly on the freelance mode, which is the bread and butter of Brigador. However, there is also a campaign mode that should at least be played for the tutorials as well as the first few levels in order to learn the ropes of the game.After that, it quickly becomes tough as nails (and very, very frustrating, IMHO).(Not saying that it's bad - I just suck at it.)SummarySo, is Brigador good? Without a doubt. In fact, it's great. The controls are precise (though learning to aim some weapons correctly takes practice), the overall presentation leaves an impression of a game crafted with love and care, and the gameplay is surprisingly deep - much more than you would expect judging solely from screenshots or videos of this game.The soundtrack is fantastic as well and definitely worth getting, IMHO. (I have only started the 7-and-a-half hour long audiobook, but it's good!)Still wondering if you'll enjoy this game?If you like mechs, lasers, fully destructible environments, and all things sci-fi, shooting things from an isometric perspective, enjoy tight, challenging gameplay and a game that can be tailored to your needs and tastes to some degree, Brigador may just be the thing to cure your itch."
76561198076495316,Recommended,274500,25018095,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,newageofpower,"I was pointed here by the guys on the Age of Decadence forums. Upon seeing the Steam Videos, I knew I had to buy the game.While not perfect, the game iseasilyworth $15, perhaps even $25, and I do not regret my purchase. (In fact, I am going to give the devs more money and buy the OST.)There is nothing like it in the market.The game is best described as a real time crossover of Jagged Alliance and Mechwarrior. You get to pilot Tanks, Mechs, Hovertanks, of differing sizes and strengths, in various missions encompassing a variety of locations, from agrarian outskirts, to stereotypical surburbs, to dense (and very retro) metropoli.Did I mention most of the map is fully destructible? Hide behind a skyscraper as an enemy tank column rolls by. At the right moment, trigger your Audio-kinetic pulse, instantly demolishing the entire block. As the hapless crews scramble to battle stations, you take advantage of their thin rear armor and open up with your chaingun.Take no prisoners.Outside of the campaign, you can choose your own mix n match set of equipment, weapons, and chassis.The custom soundtrack, while only 2 hours long, fits the game incredibly well.Pros:-Wide variety of different (and viable) builds catering to different playstyles for each player.-Incredible detail. Your hovertank bobs up and down, and it's shadow changes based on the bobbing. Acceleration, speed, and turning are all handled wonderfully. Some terrain has effects on travel over it, just like in real life.-Huge variety of weapons; varying from direct fire plasma cannon, machine guns to burning-gas dispensing artillery & laser shotguns.-Huge variety of chassis; including tiny 1 tread psuedo-motorcycles, giant mecha the size of an apartment building, the ubiquitous (and awesome) hovertank, to a mobile siege tower (mounting decorations made of junked cars, to boot) the size of a miniature skyscraper.-Interesting and detailed lore, obviously the product of feverishly dedicated worldbuilding.-Environment works exactly as you'd expect. A tall mech can shoot over a small building, then when the enemy returns fire, crouch to evade (and let the house/apartment act as cover) while your weapon cools down. Baiting an enemy vehicle column through a gas station or ammunition dump is intensely satisfying.-Amazing (if short) soundtrack.Cons:-Pink Menu UI gives headache. Sorry, I'm not hugely into retro.-In Game UI/HUD feels unpolished, crude and insufficiently informative *and* overbearing at the same time.-Visibility is awful in many parts of the game. First campaign mission, for example, you don't really see what's going on until the end of the bridge.-Game somewhat favors the ""charge in and kill stuff"" style against long range sniper/artillery or even hit and run styles; the reammunitioning system and lack of innate shield regeneration basically require you to get close and personal to make the most of battlefield resupply.-Lack of Campaign flexibility. I'd love to go through the campaign with gear and equipment I've purchased for myself, mix and match depending on the mission requirements. Luckily, you can buy ""the Campaign"" in Freelance mode.-Pilot System. When I first read the game, I assumed pilots would give bonuses based on specialization. For example, one of the Spacer pilots is clearly noted to ""prefer long range engagements"" and I'd assume she'd give something like +Acc bonus to long range weapons. Instead, pilots are simply a difficulty multiplier.Also, while I am aware that this would be near-inpossible due to custom-built engine, the concept behind the game (isometric customizable war machines with a variety of styles/builds) would have been perfect for multiplayer.Overall, I highly recommend you give this game a try. It's not flawless, but it's definitely full of fun for the right player - and the price is right."
,Recommended,274500,23389772,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Hiryu Protagonist,Get this game if you like:-Customing weapon loadouts for mechs and anti-grav tanks-Melting tanks with chemical weapons or shooting them through walls with a gauss rifle-Getting cash for crushing civilians under the feet of your mechDon't get this game if:-You give up on a game if you don't effortlessly finish every mission on the first attempt-You skip tutorial missions then get mad that you don't know how to play a game
,Recommended,274500,24132982,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Dougie Jones,"Total masterpiece in every sense of the word. Painful to see games like this struggle to take off or get brushed under the carpet, I can't recall when last I've been able to say that every component of a game is completely flawless, certainly the first time in the last 2 generations. The art direction is incredible along with the soundtrack, the controls and mechanics are tight although do require a bit of getting used to at first and the game offers a great challenge and has endless replayability. While a multiplayer feature would have been nice, words cannot describe how grateful I am to be playing a game like this in this day and age. My hours here do not resemble my actual play time, I've played this for dozens of hours offline on my laptop."
,Recommended,274500,31834627,Posted: 18 May,all,Pyro Gourmand,"*first draft until I play it some more*Brigador is an excellent isometric shooter about ~ D E S T R U C T I O N ~You can drive a tank, hovercraft, a big ol' mech or a tiny sneaky one, but at the end of the day, the goal (and gameplay) is to shoot your enemies, rolling and stomping through the buildings (and ruins!) of the bases and towns you'll encounter in missions.=> Vehicle urban warfare, gone dystopian sci-fi. <==There's several original elements regarding Brigador:1) The music: well-fitting neon 80s tunes!2) The isometric view: allows you to properly see the combat unfolding.3) The collateral destruction: every cannon shot that misses or pierce through will strike the buildings, vehicles and barriers around. When everyone is shooting high-caliber machineguns, mortars are flying, the scene is definitely gonna be apocalyptic once the firefight is over.4) The lore. It's not the first thing you'll notice, and it will take a while to get into it, but it's crafted with such care it's well worth it.If Brigador was food, it would be that odd looking meal you think is bland, but with every bite it gets better, it's actually pretty damn good, and a real killer by the time you finish the first plate."
,Recommended,274500,32139365,Posted: 2 June,all,Ghost of Starman,"This is the sort of game I never knew I wanted until I played it.  An absolutely brilliant take on isometric giant-robot-stompy-action, with style and wit to spare.The only downside is that some of the mech & vehicle designs are goofy beyond compare (looking at you, Corvids).  All is forgiven once you get your hands on a Broodmare, though.  And even the Treehouse can be pretty epic once you realize the joys of a well-placed Audio-Kinetic Pulse, and exactly what that Ploughman is doing to your enemies.Controls felt really strange the first time out, but it's worth it to take the time to get used to them....shoot, I think I'm gonna go play some more Brigador right now.  Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,274500,32139978,Posted: 2 June,all,SunDrippedDevil,"Brigador is super fun game where you pilot a mech/tank/hovertank/vehicle–with-mounted-weapons and take on a missions with fully destructible environment in an isometric perspective. There is a lot of lore to read (it's well written and interesting) and a lot of gameplay modifiers (a lot of vehicles, with different weapon loadouts, and various pilots) to unlock and use. The game offers a sense of progression as you unlock stuff. There's a campaign mode with a tutorial and some missions with set parameters. There is also a freelance mode, which is more like a sandbox which can last a number of maps depending on how you set your run.The vehicle types feel different and control differently (the game is based on tank controls) but there are a lot of control options to tweak them to your liking. I play with a controller, and I do just fine. The vehicles themselves offer a lot of variety, have cool visual designs, and awesome lore associated with them.The artwork for this game is amazing; I've never enjoyed looking at portraits so much. The UI is also quite pleasing. The music is also amazing (awesome John Carpenter-style 80s synth), so the soundtrack DLC is super worth it.The devs are also very friendly and approachable. They still support this game, and have had two free content updates so far. I can't believe I didn't know about this game when it first came out. It's shocking how it went unnoticed.Wholeheartedly recommend."
76561198001060703,Recommended,274500,30172172,Posted: 25 February,all,Buff Skeleton,"There's a reason I've logged 200+ hours in this game in under 2 months. It's fun as hell and offers incredible amounts of replay value and gameplay depth. There is an absolutely enormous amount of content, and everything is packed with detail.The basic idea of the game is to pick a vehicle, a primary and secondary weapon, and then a special defensive weapon/feature, and go to town. You're getting paid based on how much destruction you dish out by a cold, calculating megacorp, the SNC, that has only one goal: conquest of Solo Nobre, a massive walled city where the game takes place. You must secure the city district-by-district via whatever means necessary, even if that means completely leveling the entire map (which is totally doable, and even encouraged!).You are a Brigador -- basically a mercenary -- offered a contract by the SNC to use your firepower to help bring about the city's fall so that the corporation can swoop in and secure it. The backstory is really interesting, and it is pretty clear you are NOT playing the typical Good Guy™ role here, but it's not black-and-white either. You have to really read between the lines and come up with your own decision on whether you're playing as an opportunistic sociopath, a freedom-fighting liberator, or something in between. The level of detail put into both the story and the game is incredible.▶ GameplayIt's rare these days to find something that feels like it was totally designed around a ""wouldn't it be fun if..."" philosophy. Gameplay is what Brigador is all about, and where it truly shines. While I feel like I've mastered the mechanics, there is still a lot of exploring to do with loadouts. I really like the Randomize button for just that reason, and I often discover variants I wouldn't have picked out on my own. They can be pretty fun, too!The feel of each vehicle is unique for the most part, with some overlap in designs between factions, but otherwise they all have a charm of their own and can serve different purposes. Though with the flexibility of the weapon hardpoints and similar weapon types per mount size, it's rare you can't make a vehicle do whatever you really want. Some just excel at certain things more than others.The navigation / aiming system is simple and effective, easy to learn yet challenging to master. Sometimes it's tough to land shots on hovering vehicles (agravs) that get right up in your face, but that's one of the agrav's chief advantages: being a tough target to hit. So I think it works in the game's favor. Besides, your weapons are so over-the-top in terms of destructive power it's pretty rare you can't make short work of any single enemy that gets into your personal space. If you can't shoot it, blast the unholy hell out of it with the AK pulse, stomp it, smash it, or run it the hell over. Awesome.Destruction is plentiful and encouraged as much as possible, which is the best. It sucks to have an environment that is leveled so beautifully and then be penalized for collateral damage. Instead, the opposite happens, and you actually get a payout bonus from your shadowy benefactors based on how much devastation you dish out. Dystopian as all hell, and got a good laugh out of me. Similarly, when I was seeing mention of ""purchase the terms and conditions for more information"" lines, I got a kick out of that too. But then I noticed that you can literally buy access to the terms and conditions of your contract and just about died. It's perfect. And even better, the contract reads believably, too. It's obviously worded in a way that benefits the megacorp over you, but not so much that you wouldn't take the job anyway. After all, for a Brigador, what's a reward without a little risk, right? Superb writing across the board. Though an aside from gameplay, it's a core part of what makes Brigador go from a fun game to a truly fantastic overall experience for me.Managing difficulty level via the pilot system is clever. When freelancing (i.e. not playing in the structured campaign mode), you pick your loadout, but also your pilot. The pilot determines the difficulty level, and in turn, the payout bonuses (higher difficulty = make better money). It took me a little bit to figure out what was going on, but by the time I'd finished the campaign, it made perfect sense. I only wish you could specify a default pilot, or select a roster for randomizing so that you -- for example -- always stick to the max-diff pilot if you want balls-out challenge every single time. And while it isn't a big deal, lower-tier pilots aren't worthwhile once you have mastered the game. It also doesn't feel like there's a huge amount of difference between pilots, unlike the vehicles and weapons, save for the extremes. I enjoyed unlocking pilots more for the lore than for their function. But for a new player, the difficulty curve is generously gentle. You have a lot of time to get used to things before going all-in, if you ever choose to do so.▶ VisualsLove them. The amount of detail crammed into each map is astounding considering how BIG they are and how MANY there are. It must have taken ages to finish a single one, let alone all... what, 20+ of them? And while lots of assets are reused frequently, they are done in clever ways so you hardly even notice it. Even though the levels look very similar via the art style, none look like they're the same. Leaving the place littered with persistent debris is a fun, satisfying way to finish a mission.The UI is superb as well. I appreciated even the little unnecessary details, like seeing a white dash in the scroll bar if you went past your selection on the page. And I am glad the UI is quick, snappy, and responsive. I hate it when UIs get all fancy but slow down functionality. Not here!▶ SoundExcellent. Soundtrack is fantastic, SFX are great. All the gun sounds feel about right. Vehicle movement sounds are good, though the large mech footfalls seem a bit weak. Sounds like they're stepping on crunchy grass rather than dropping tons of force onto the ground.The music is wonderful, but it doesn't play forever! It seems to fade out completely once you complete all objectives. Sometimes I like to fly around and just destroy stuff (because it's so satisfying to level everything), and it isn't as fun when there's only silence. Fortunately, you can buy the soundtrack which includes everything ingame and some extras, and just play that in the background with Winamp or what have you. Problem solved!▶ ModdingThe game is moddable via the developer console! While it's not always easy, it's fantastic that you can change so many aspects of the gameplay if you want. Everything from the weapons enemy units pack to damage values to numbers of enemies on the field to sound effects.I'd just about exhausted all the difficulty the game has to offer out-of-the-box when I discovered the dev console, and now it's like a whole new game for me with near-limitless replay value.Modding is not always easy, and it involves permanent edits to the assets.pack game file if you don't want to lose your changes when you quit. If you screw something up, you can end up crashing the game constantly and be unable to fix it without verifying game files in Steam to redownload the .pack and start from scratch (though your profile will be unaffected). So it's a good idea to make regular backups if you get into modding. But the devs are still working on the game, too, and are also trying to make modding even easier for us, which is fantastic. They also want to release a level editor, which would be HUGE.Overall? Absolutely get it if you are interested. Chances are, you'll find a way to enjoy the game, and if it gets too easy for you (which seems to be rare for most players), you can crank it up to absurd degrees with the dev console. The soundtrack and audiobook are also worth a grab, so I say get the full package. Solid game, and best 20 bucks I've spent in years."
,Recommended,274500,32204790,Posted: 5 June,all,neema_t,"Brigador is exactly the kind of game I would've played the absolute, er, beans out of in the late '90s on my PSX and would still remember fondly (and play, occasionally) today, exactly in the same vein as Front Mission 3, Nuclear/Soviet Strike, FutureCop LAPD, G-Police, WipeOut, Colony Wars... I don't mean to imply it's anything like any of those gameplay-wise (it's not completely unlike FutureCop, but it's nowhere near a clone of it), but it's just so well-produced, charming and engrossing like those examples and definitely has a special feel to it. It's also pretty difficult at times, which would've also been appropriate in that era.The gameplay itself is properly great and much deeper than you might expect; there's all sorts of different tactics to use including hit and run stealth (which I find the most fun but also very difficult to pull off properly), tons of weapons and vehicles, great attention to detail in both the design and writing of the entire game and an awesome soundtrack. There's alotof game here, I've played a fair bit and I haven't even finished the campaign yet.What I love about it is it's maybe one third straightforward isometric twin stick-ish shooter, one third tactical combat and one third puzzle; each campaign mission gives you four pilots to choose from and each presents a wildly different strategy, working out how to complete the mission you just aced using the aptly-named Treehouse, this time using a tracked motorbike with a tenth of the durability and damage output (but ten times more speed) will have you scratching your head for sure. It never gets old! Then there's the Freelancer mode, which is actually the meat of the game, where you get to choose your own pilot, vehicle and weapons and therefore set your own challenge.The only downsides I can think of are the weapon sight lines can be hard to use at times, especially against Agravs (floating enemies), I've died more than once by accidentally launching a huge artillery shell at a building I'm practically inside because of this. It's difficult to tell which weapon will fire on which mouse button, I feel this could've been handled better, but I get around this by giving most targets both barrels until I learn which is which so that's a minor one. Explosive scenery has also killed me a number of times because it's hard to focus on shooting a large group of enemies and moving at the same time, but you work out how to stop doing that after a few times. I think that's it, I haven't encountered any bugs, cheap deaths or poor balance in my time with it.In summary, I'd recommend this so strongly that I've bought two copies of it besides my own (technically one was in the Humble monthly but still counts, damn it) to distribute and will buy more when it's full price again to support the devs.Although I feel like I haven't said enough about the quality of the writing. Fortunately the Brigador wiki has a lot (if not all) of the lore and intel transcribed so you can see that for yourself even before you buy. I'm fairly sure this gave me goosebumps the first time I read it, being so vivid and evocative as it is (spoilered, but doesn't give away any of the story, in fact there's not actually a story to spoil):""When Spacers really want you dead they just quietly drop in one of their kill squads, powersuits decked in camo fields, Lockdowns, and Black Hands. Those guns are quiet, those suits are quiet, and pretty soon their targets are quiet too.If there's anything that keeps me up at night, that's it.""So cool."
,Recommended,274500,31835392,Posted: 18 May,all,casualcop,Take two hours to learn the damn controls. They are everything about this game. It will be second nature. Failing that the soundtrack is good.
76561197970408901,Recommended,274500,23588827,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,NINEMM,"I need to play this more, but I'm savoring it.  I'm playing it in short doses.  As a 41-year-old parent and high school teacher, I have to play the games I get sparingly.  And this is one that's going to last me a long time.  It's amazing.  The environments are amazing, and the soundtrack is fantastic.  In the end, it's just pure fun.  To the developers: great freaking job.  This game speaks to me as a gamer."
76561197973469416,Recommended,274500,26358076,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Nimmi,"I purchased Brigador.About half hour later, I purchased the audiobook and soundtrack.I don't need them but I did anyway.The game is good. Very good. Super good.The soundtrack makes me horny."
,Recommended,274500,21049765,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,MagneticJerk,"There's a lot of great things bout Brigador that have been pointed out by most of the other reviewers here, like the brilliant artstyle and music, fluid gameplay and surprising depth of the game mechanics.But even with all of that, I doubt I'd have spent as much time in this game as I have - it is in Early Access after all and still lacks quite a bit of content. But thankfully this game is extremely easy to mod. I don't know anything about code, and I never modded any game before, yet in Brigador I was able to make an instagib mod, change all the weapons' attributes and make my own weapons, make enemies tougher, completely revamp the lighting, modify the movement behavior of all player vehicles and change the enemy spawnlists (and thus even get access to unimplemented content that was present in the gamefiles) - and most of those things can be done on-the-fly while in the game. On top of that there's a map editor as well. You could even make your own units, though for that you need experience in either 3D modelling or at least basic spritework - unless you're fine with recombining the existing leg and chassis parts which you can do pretty easily.In short, pretty much every aspect of the game can be modified either in-game via a really handy and easy to use dev-console, or by basic text file editing in the gamefolder. That alone would already be enough for me to recommend this game, but since it's coupled with an excellent base game as well I really can't stress how much you'll get out of this game if you're even remotely interested in mech and tank games."
76561198044016870,Recommended,274500,32038325,Posted: 29 May,all,Yatta!,"This game is really rad.Fun gameplay which throws you back in time.With loads of different weapons, pilots and vehicle-categories and special abilites it gives you plenty of options to approach a mission.And if this game gets multiplayer we'll have even more fun.But for now the single-player is good enough to keep me and many others occupied."
,Recommended,274500,32148668,Posted: 3 June,all,Unmutual,"Incredible soundtrack, even more incredible visual style, awesome gameplay. This is a MUST buy for anyone who's looking to kill some time with mechs that have big♥♥♥♥♥guns.Game also has a playable Sikh so it's automatically 10/10."
76561197976580884,Recommended,274500,23510106,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Derp Ravener,"Ahh, this game takes me back.  It's reminiscent of a number of games I played on the Playstation 1 in my youth, being straightforward at least on the surface, with a dystopic aesthetic and lots of explosions.  Brigador hits all those points, and even adds some to the overall formula.  There's a huge range of vehicles and weapons to choose from, catering to a wide variety of playstyles, and the freelance mode includes random maps and enemy positions.Gameplay is surprisingly sophisticated, despite looking initialy very simple.  Controls are pretty straight forward: aside from moving and shooting with wasd and mouse respectively, there are two weapon buttons, a special equipment button, and then a melee/charge.  And that's pretty much it.  Mechs have a crouch button that lets you reduce incoming damage, but I forget about it half the time and have no trouble.Where the sophistocation comes in, is in destruction and in game sound.  Weapons make noise, which can alert enemies.    This is in part a hazard, shoot your guns to recklessly and everyone on the map will charge you in seconds, but it can be used to your benefit as well.  You can use the sound your weapon generates to draw enemies into killzones or away from objectives, and holding fire is a valid tactic to avoid detection.  It's not quite possible to actually complete a level using just stealth, but with a little patience and observation you can completely control the pace of combat.  Terrain is also almost completely destructible.  As well as adding some fun visuals to the combat, as the districts will inevitably lose buildigns snf parts thereof as the battle moves around, this allows new angles of approach, such as shooting through terrain to attack from cover if your weapon has the penetration, or making a new entry way into a fortified area or a corridor to hid in or lure enemies down.  Add to this varying weapon trajectories, ammunition amounts and flight speeds, the end result, simply put, a lot of options.The game is not perfect.  While I like the world building they've done, the campaign is really just a series of challenges and there is no story to speak of.  It works well as an excuse for the destruction, and the writing in the descriptions is ranges from mediocre to good, but people looking for an epic tale will need to go elsewhere.Gameplay can get a bit cluttered as well.  It can be easy to lose track of which way your legs or treads are facing in the middle of combat, causing you to run toward rather than away from the city sized tank bearing down on you; and many times I've tried to shoot around a corner only to have my cannon clip the side of a building I'm using as cover, which at best wastes some ammo and at worse catches me in the blast of the shot.  Some of the premade vehicle builds in the campaign can be pretty frustrating to use, especially for some of the levels in which they're available, but that's just a nitpick, as there's no stage that needs you to play all vehicles, and at least on in each level is straightforward to play.Overall this is a game I heartily recommend if you're looking for some no-context destructive fun.  Simple to get into but with a lot of nuance and aspects to learn, I would say it's well worth the price."
76561197992863120,Recommended,274500,25824491,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,LokShok,"Typed in 'top-down mech shooter' in the search engine, found Brigador. Next thing I know, I've dropped 20+ hours in it in the space of a few days."
,Recommended,274500,30912461,Posted: 2 April,all,Sebenko,"Brigador is ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic.The game takes place in the city of Solo Nobre, caught in a multi-faction civil war after the death of great leader. You play a Brigador, a mercenary mech/tank/hoverthing pilot promised a huge paycheck in return for ensuring your mysterious paymasters take control of the city.General gameplay consists of piloting some form of vehicle through a city with totally destructible terrain. Both you and enemies have directional armour, rewarding flanking, stealth and use of noise. Buildings block line of sight, weapons cause noise both when fired and on impact and enemies will hunt you based on where they last saw or heard you. There's a joy to be had blowing up a fuel station, diving down a side street and waiting for hostiles to investigate then sneaking around and ambushing them from behind.The game is split into two parts: Campaign and Freelance. Campaign gives you a linear series of missions, and a choice of four vehicles in each missions, roughly corresponding to easy-very hard difficulties. You're let loose in some sector of the city and leave most of it a smoking wreck.Freelance, however, is where the game truly comes alive- choose a pilot, choose from an extensive list of vehicles, choose a weapon loadout, then choose a mission. Your pilot sets how difficult your mission will be- from The Auditor, who encounters no enemies whatsoever, to later characters who start at MAX difficulty and stay there. In between, there are several dozen characters with varying difficulty curves, where their difficulties (and payouts) increase for each sector of the city you move through. Vehicles range from monster mechs, to tiny anti-grav hover vehicles. Highlights include a tower of scrap cars on tracks and a motorbike with room for a gun almost its own size. Weapons are lovingly varied and include railguns, chainguns, rockets, artillery and machine guns.Missions start you in one district of Solo Nobre, and end when you reach the starport. They range from short jaunts through four outskirts sectors to the 36-sector, no-early-exit behemoth of a mission at the high end. Each district, you are expected to destroy anti-orbital guns, remove officers and cause general havoc.I eventually favoured a pair of rapid-fire railguns, on the fastest mech that could support them, sprinting through districts, shooting through buildings and flanking tough enemies. Other times I'd attempt to use a heavy mech wielding cluster artillery- never got the hang of it, but the joy of a single shot clearing most of the screen, buildings and all, never got old.Brigador is a joy to play, heartily recommended."
76561197969782921,Recommended,274500,24997948,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Flatline,"Remember those moments in Tiberian Sun where you had a handful of Titans and they went stomp-stomp-stomping across a destructible landscape, and you had to plan your attacks really carefully because you had no base, and no means of acquiring reinforcements?Imagine that you only had one Titan, but someone had strapped an extra gun to it, and it could stomp even more than usual, and there was a dark 80s synth soundtrack pulsing in the background. That's Brigador."
,Recommended,274500,24712429,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Irve,"I remember Syndicate. I was probably too young for the game, but I remember the feeling I got in my minds eye: of relentless rain, neon, egg-shaped cars and random citizens in gunfire that they did not order with their brainchip. I remember torching trees, and trashcans, occasional bystander and shooting every window.I remember Syndicate Wars, which apart from being badly reviewed, was an extremely well-made continuation of the premise. You go into environment, do your stuff and there is collateral. The interesting collateral in Syndicate Wars were the buildings.Now Brigador. This game is the game, which I have always wanted to make myself. Buildings coming down, lights going out when the sonic wave from my towering behemoth machine levels a few neighbouring blocks, bombarding a far-away train-yard, waiting for a second, then sending a next volley to devastate the investigating troops.This is an old school clever shoot-em-up game with the feeling that Syndicate evoked at the time. With more lights and more destruction and way less story. I'd like to have more story, but as a culmination of my ever-lingering hope for a game in which I can go around and level a city-block in neon lights and in which the map tells a story of a location which turns into a war-zone.If you love the visuals of the trailer and destruction of buildings I would hope, that you like Brigador. If you hate repetitive missions you might get bored. Look through two levels of a let's play if in doubt on that front."
,Recommended,274500,23475918,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Johnald Moizus,"What a beautiful game. This fills a niche that I didn't realize I had. Crushing cities with mechs is great fun and strangely difficult.Some people are complaining about the controls, but I think they are fine. It is an isometric game so it takes a bit of getting use to controlling the turret and body seperately, but once you get it the game gets really satisfying as you move around the map and destroy anything in your path.The content is also surprisingly deep. If they could add a procedural map generator of some kind to freelance mode that would make this game infinitely replayable for me. However, the lore, pilots, vehicles, and weapons all have a unique feel and in freelance mode it's deep enough to customize to your playstyle.Get this game if you enjoy an oddly tactical, deep, 80's synthwave mech smashing good time."
,Recommended,274500,25047383,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Justin_Brett,"There aren't that many games out there that put you behind the wheel of a giant robot, and Steam is unfortunately no exception to that. If you're looking for really good ones, the field gets even smaller. I hoped Ironcast might scratch that itch, but it was far too random and skinner boxy in design. Then I played Galak-Z, and found the controls too finicky and your character too under-powered to enjoy it for long.Then I saw this game, which looked interesting enough to wishlist. I considered whether to get it this week or not, and eventually decided to take a chance on it. I'm quite glad I did, since it's a game easily worth fifteen dollars and its full price.Brigador takes place on the colony planet of Solo Nobre, whose Great Leader (who seems to have led exactly the same kind of regime you'd expect from a name like that) has recently died. As you might expect, quite a few factions descend on the planet in order to gain it for themselves. You play as a mercenary, or Brigador, working for one who want to liberate the planet from what's left of his regime and anyone else trying to take over - by any means necessary.You accomplish this through a campaign of twenty-one missions, each of which require you to either destroy certain buildings, take out machines piloted by officers, or just kill hostiles until the game's satisfied. Each one gives you a choice of four different vehicles, each with a different pilot, pair of weapons, and a defensive measure such as a smoke launcher or EMP wave. How you control your mech or tank is probably a pain at first, since they all operate on tank controls except for the anti-grav weapons, which automatically point towards your cursor. This is the same way Galak-Z controlled, but here it feels like the game is designed around it more. The setting too, as unlike Gundam or Macross where a genius pilot can take down overwhelming odds, here it's more like the Votoms series, where pilots fight for money, self-preservation, or the thrill of it instead of heroics. Since you're playing as a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, you'll have to fight like one too.The game gives you plenty of ways to do it. Sneak up behind enemies and blow them apart before they can turn on their shields. Lure them past an exploding bit of the scenery and use it to take out a whole squad in one go. Some mechs have a camouflage system, letting you just walk up and stomp enemies to death if you're so inclined. Every bit of scenery is destructible, allowing you to take whatever shortcuts you want or just blow off steam. Encouraging this are enemies that can raise the alarm, aggroing all the enemies and making them throw up their shields, so anything with that label becomes a priority target.Completing missions in the campaign gives you money you can spend on the game's other draw, freelance mode. There you can challenge a series of campaigns you need to complete all in one go, using whatever combination of vehicle, pilot and weapons you like. There's also a randomizer option for a pseudo-roguelike experience.Overall Brigador's a quality experience, and there's no game on Steam quite like it, which is a rare thing to say. The controls take a little getting used to, but the difficulty curve is pretty smooth, and you feel pretty slick once you get the hang of them. There's an option to slow the game down a bit in the options now, and the developers have mentioned they're going to look into absolute controls (ie, like your average twinstick game), although I don't know how much that would improve the game. They seem like quite a nice, active team, so it's unfortunate they still haven't made back their investment producing the game. I hope this review convinces at least a couple people to give it a try."
76561198001935699,Recommended,274500,32661268,Posted: 22 June,all,MONTCLAIREARE,"You play as the BADGUY in this. It may become clear when you fire a railgun repeatedly through an apartment building you are using for cover. You may notice when you stomp through a suburban house just to suprise an enemy on the other side. Or maybe when you get the acheivment for killing 10,000 civillians.A very unique game! Isometric but not really 2D as you can shoot over scenery and even enemies. Each of your guns has a firing arc that fades out just short of where it will hit leaving the last bit to you. Each gun also has its own projectile speed so if you are moving and turning your arcs will cross and shift often landing far from each other. Imagine a two gun FPS with seperate reticules that shift and change predictably based on your movement. I've never played anything like it.It is a kind of stealth action hybrid. For instance you could be in direct combat with one enemy while maneuvering around scenery to keep another from seeing you. Each weapon has a distinct report and impact sound volume that will alert enemies which you should always use to your advantage. EVERYTHING is destructible so you can make a noise at the end of the block and then double around crashing through the buildings to get behind the distracted enemies.No direct story but full of atmosphere and lore.  Some of the descriptions for random guns have more involving stories than entire other games. It really grabbed me hard. The best deep gameplay kind of game I've played in a while."
,Recommended,274500,33506385,Posted: 13 July,all,「 Ｒａｚｚｌｉｅ 」,"Brigador is an isometric shooter, very much drawing on oldschool themes.There's a fair bit of reading you can do if you're interested in the fluff, but that's entirely optional and the gameplay itself is very simply blowing someone/something up and then leaving the area.The gameplay itself is excellent, the music and sound is great, and the artstyle is very well done.The vehicles and weapons also have a significant amount of weight and oomph to them, which makes them feel very satisfying to use.The only nitpicks I can really point out are the following:Repetition can happen after playing a while, however, there are significant amounts of missions, vehicles and weapons to keep this in check. Again, it's an isometric shooter, so I'm not sure if I should even bother bringing this up or not, but now you're aware of it if you weren't before.The music does not seem to have any sort of playlist or loop, so what this means is that if you're taking your time in a mission you will hear one track play to the end from the start of the game and then play the rest of the level in silence, which is actually a bummer since the game has very nice music that adds to the experience. This may simply be a bug I've been unlucky enough to encounter, however.Overall, one of the best isometric shooters I've ever played, and it's a shame that the game did not sell enough copies to warrant major DLC. (As stated by the devs themselves)"
76561197968244741,Recommended,274500,26374284,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Napalm Sushi,"Brigador delivers both a raw power fantasy and a genuine challenge, gorgeously wrapped in an Akira-esque package of cyberpunk nihilism."
,Recommended,274500,26329608,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Clankwork,"Amazing soundtrackUnique artstyleDestructible EnvironmentShoot'em'up mech combatTakes sometime to get used to the controls, but once you've a handle on them it is a real joy to go stomping through walls shooting anything that moves!"
,Recommended,274500,28887241,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Kung Fu Sandwich,"Worth it for the soundtrack alone. It's the soundtrack to Arnold Schwarzenegger's Terminator walking in to a neon soaked night club, breaking the bouncers arm and then stalking Sarah Conner in the dark before opening fire with an UZI. The kind of dirty synth music which you will only hear in classic movies like The Terminator, The Thing, Blade Runner and Drive. I don't often listen to video game music in my free time but i definitely listen to this.The game itself is a high quality isometric mech shooter influenced by 90's PC games of yore like Syndicate and Crusader: No Remorse. It's balls hard but really addictive and has a great art style.Buy it!"
,Recommended,274500,29483447,Posted: 25 January,all,Pseudo,"A friend had been recommending this to me for a while and every time I looked I thought, ""Ehh not really my thing."" Finally he gave up and bought it for me as a gift and what a fool I was. Brigador is just straight, out and out fun. Here's some highlights:- A campaign that explores a story set on the planet Solo Nobre, whose isoliationist dictator has just fallen. You play a mercenary hired by offworld interests that want to exploit the situation.- A freelance mode that lets you play with your own combination of pilot, vehicle, and weapons on the operation of your choosing.- Your choice of pilot affects the difficulty level minimum and maximum, and how it scales across the maps, as well as your final payout.- A ton of great looking and interesting vehicles. My favorite style are the Corvid vehicles which are repurposed junk war machines like the Killdozer and a giant stack of rolling cars named the Treehouse.- A wide variety of weaponry and a handful of special equipment to equip your vehicles with.- The writing is so impressive. It's a well-realized world and the write-ups of the pilots, the technology, the locations, and everything is so well-done.- The music is really the first thing I was blown away by. It's by Makeup and Vanity Set, and it's so good.I feel like this game has been overlooked, and I'm embarrassed that I passed on it for so long. Absolutely worth picking up if you like mechs and blowing things up and just solid games."
,Recommended,274500,25068869,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Kid Venom,"I absolutely adore Brigador for everything that it is and tries to accomplish. It's an insanely fun isometric mech game with loads of replay value (Freelance Missions). It's also worth mentioning, the soundtrack is killer and fits the game perfectly. 10/10 for me."
76561198061768476,Recommended,274500,28509424,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Areetsa,"Other reviewers have covered general aspects of gameplay, setting etcetera, so I'm going to focus on something a little different.Brigador.You're a Shadowrunner (or near enough) in a mech/tank/antigravity gunship (we don't judge here) with a very vague Contract with someverysuspect clauses and a set of orders to facilitate a regime change on a distant colony world.Those little guys with the yellow raincoats and the flashlights bobbing around on a necklace? Those are civilians.They aren't tracked, beyond the usual pittance of salary you get for assorted collateral damage.Dodge them.Or don't.Blast your way through their homes and workplaces on your way to a better firing position.Or don't.Brought a siege howitzer with cluster shells, because you cannot into artillery marksmanship and the Map Square Removal Device is the only piece of indirect-fire kit you know how to use?You better bet that's going to take out half the neighborhood along with the mech platoon you were shooting at.Of course, it's not just a binary 'A: commit blatant war crimes' OR 'B: don't be acompletemonster' - there's a third option, 'C: give new meaning to 'depraved indifference' and cause trillions in deaths, injuries, and property damage as you bumble around the landscape like a fifty-foot drunken sailor'.Did I mention it's the middle of the night and several other factions have all gone hot, trying for the same prize? There's nowhere for these people to go.When a Loyalist infantry platoon is shoving through the crowd and firing on you with heavy lasers, do you hose the street down with gunfire?There's a tank squadron coming up the highway behind you, and they've got some seriously heavy backup right behind them.Stomp through and past the crowd, burst through apartments no doubt full of even more people you can't see, or stand and die?One of your objectives is an ammo dump. It's in the middle of a shantytown. Call it, what, five thousand people? It's the middle of the night. On the one hand, these impoverished souls are barely scraping by and probably don't deserve to be randomly blown up by a mercenary gunship pilot. On the other, that's a pretty hefty bonus you'll get if you take out all of the ammo depots in the area.You're the only one who cares.But do you,really?(you don't care, you'll flatten the whole block and not even notice you've done it)"
76561198011996927,Recommended,274500,26648799,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Wolfman,"This game truly is an underappreciated gem. I know the $20 price tag seems a tad steep for a 2D mech shooter, but I really think it's worth every penny. The controls take a bit of getting used to, but I have no sympathy for people who got turned off by the controls at the start. They're 100% functional and I've had no issues at all since I figured out all the little quirks. Graphics are good, combat is satisfying, vehicle and weapon diversity is great, and the tone and atmosphere are very well realized. It's by far one of the most well thought through indie games I've ever played. A relativly simple core gameplay system is surrounded by very well realized framework. the maps are richly detailed, featuring farms, monorail systems, neon-lit entertainment districts, train yards, highways choked with abandoned cars, and more. Every vehicle, weapon, and pilot comes with it's own little lore entry, and the nature of the setting gets more and more clear the further you progress through the game. Even if you're not much one for lore, the thought they put into the setting still fills out the gameplay like mortar around bricks, and it all comes together in a simple (but not as simple as it looks) but engaging and well crafted mech shooter.In short, I can't recomend it highly enough. If you believe in supporting quality indie games, this is a must buy. It may not be for everyone, but I think all but the most unpleasable of gamers will find $20 worth of fun in this game."
,Recommended,274500,23620812,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Quixotic,"In the grim dark future of a planet filled with Portugese communists, yellow raincoats provide little protection from heavy weaponry."
,Recommended,274500,18688618,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Scoops,"A really cool game that's gonna keep getting better. It makes me think a lot of the old westwood C&C games with the attention to detail, and the soundtrack is fully sick."
,Recommended,274500,28704806,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Capt. Eduardo del Mango,"Brigador is the best action shooter you've never played.Brigador never stops being fast and frantic, but it is also tactical. The massive selection of vehicles and equipment allow for many play styles, but you will find yourself variously waiting, sneaking, ambushing, retreating, fleeing, hiding. Whether you are a lightly armoured fast 'mech or a gigantic floating gun platform, you will find yourself having to use Solo Nobre's layout to your advantage. You're always playing an action game, but you will need to know the strengths and weaknesses of your vehicle and weapons, and those of your opponents, to win.Brigador's environments are captivating, varied, and superbly detailed. Dark farmland at night, neon lit urban areas, spaceports full of containers and low industrial buildings, corrugated iron slums. Everything looks amazing, everything crumbles and explodes perfectly in front of the game's bullets, rockets, lasers, artillery, shells. The finely crafted city makes a perfect playground to reduce to ruins.Brigador's thumping soundtrack and grim cyberpunk aesthetic make it as cool as ice throughout. The world-building, always achieved through little paragraphs in mission briefings and item descriptions, is superb. The dysfunctional factions scrapping over the city, Solo Nobre's sad history, its depressed and downtrodden inhabitants, all come to life beautifully.Brigador has awesome action with an awesome tactical side. Awesome 'mechs, awesome tanks, awesome anti-grav vehicles, armed with awesome machine guns, awesome artillery pieces, awesome rocket launchers, awesome lasers, awesome cannons. The awesome environments of this awesome city get turned to rubble with awesome explosions.Brigador is a must-play."
76561198002571976,Recommended,274500,32827258,Posted: 26 June,all,mwise1023,"Let's cut the fluff, this is a strategy mech/tank war game. Don't expect a story line other than basic stuff to tell you what to do. You do missions, you get paid. You buy equipment. You do longer missions. You challenge yourself for longer and longer missions.PROs:Awesome 80's retro wave soundtrackAwesome strategic mech/tank warfare gameplay with lots of combinations and approachesAwesome isometric 3D/Pixel style art & graphicsAwesome actionFast to playReplayableChallengingCONs:No story really; the campaign just teaches you how to play basically and earn moneySlightly slow load times between missionsNo multiplayerWorth it? Sure, if you like challenging strategy war games and tank battles. There is no perfect build or combination, it's all about how you like to do things, your strategy and how you approach the missions.This is not for someone looking for a deep story line, meaningful missions, characters and dialog. This game is full of text and fluff but its in the Lore section and you play to unlock it and read about the background of the game. There is a minor story, it can be interesting, but it's not deep and not much to it. So understand this from the front. There are not movie sequences and endings. This is a non-stop mech/tank action strategy war game.My favorite weapon: Konig"
,Recommended,274500,18922119,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,HELL PRESIDENT,"it's like nuclear throne, in that it strips away all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and leaves you with Giant Robot War CrimesGiant Robot War Crimes Are GoodEDIT SINCE RELEASEthis game now has more of everything.  more great music, more cool writing, more maps, more robots, more war, more crimes.  it is Very Good."
,Recommended,274500,32887542,Posted: 27 June,all,bovis,War Crimes
,Recommended,274500,27790189,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Flak,"+Fantastic Art Style+Great Soundtrack+Suprisingly deep and well written background (if you're willing to dig into the intel and lore unlocks)+Distinct weapons and vehicles+Combat that's very simple on the surface, but very tactical when required-Control scheme can be daunting at first with certain vehicles (looking at you, Treehouse)-Difficulty swing can be jarring if you're not prepared (8+ difficulty with spacers? Good luck!)-No checkpoints for the longer freelance missions (or at least an option for it at a penalty)All in all, a game that I've found so much more to love than to complain about.8.5/10 would stomp all over power armor in a giant mech again"
,Recommended,274500,30697953,Posted: 23 March,all,MakoSucks,"Remember those oldschool isometric shooter games like Soviet Strike, or those oldschool mechwarrior games with tank controls, and heavy weaponry? Brigador is like that, except now you can decimate the entire map leaving nothing but piles of rubble, kill all the civilians, and destroy enemies using structures as cover, and explodable buildings, like gas stations or power plants to ambush enemies looking for the sound of an explosion. Don't like a wall? Smash it with your mech's feet, or ram it with your hoverbike's bumper. Can't get a guy hidden behind a wall? Blow up the powerstation and cause a chain reaction that blows the wall and your enemy hidden behind it. It's not easy, though, it's not just circle strafing and aiming in the center. Sometimes you have to use distraction and stealth, to out think the enemies looking to outnumber and destroy you.A large variety of different vehicles, from battle vans, and exoskeletons, to hover jets, and giant mechs, and anything inbetween, The mainstory missions have a set selections of vehicals, with set weapons, that varys the level strategies, but with all the money you earn blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up, and killing civilians, you can pay for different pilots, vehicals, and weapons to use in contract missions.The visuals are perfect, retaining that oldschool sprite 2d style graphics, while adding in modern touches, like 360 degree veriable  rotation, instead of that lame 8 direction forcing you to go back and forth to hit the right angle.Definately get the soundtrack, it's excellent."
76561198018612675,Recommended,274500,23410857,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Candor,"On balance, I really like the game. While flawed, it's a highly enjoyable ""garbage day"" game when you can't be bothered thinking too much. Really a twin-stick shooter rather than a mech game, but the mechs feel authentically ""mechy"" enough that I still enjoyed the game a lot!The gameplay is VERY satisfying, but I only discovered this only after I switched the graphics into a more performance-focussed setting. I'm not really sure why my modest-but-modern laptop was behaving this way with an isometric game, but hey-ho. The fantastic weapon sound effects and feedback feeds into this; it's hard to describe the gameplay in anything other than vague floaty terms like ""crisp"".On the other hand, the 'campaign' (Which felt a bit like an extended tutorial to be honest) gives you a small selection of fixed loadouts and a mission to accomplish. I found it to be a bit short, although any longer and it'd probably overstay it's welcome. Only a couple of missions felt really distinct, like the one which starts you with no ammo, and you have to race to the end to pick some up. The rest of the missions sadly felt a bit samey, Futhermore, the challenge in these missions zig-zags drastically; I never really got stuck, but some of the earlier missions were rather tough, but the very last one was a cake walk. The factions you face in these missions clearly have subtle differences, but I never felt like the gameplay was telling me ""This is Faction X, this is Their Hat."" On the other hand, you could argue that this means the various enemy factions aren't gimmicky.Freelancer mode is the real meat of the game. The only issue is that you have to accrue and spend limited winnings on equipment which has no description before you purchase it, so you either have to randomly buy bits and pieces and hope for something interesting, or hope you've used it the in campaign and know what it does. Most annoyingly, this post-release game (as of time of writing) still hasn't got all the weapon and vehicle descriptions in it yet.So in summary, the gameplay is really good. The campaign is decent, but leaves you wanting more. That more can probably be found in Freelancer mode, but it doesn't tell you all you need to know in some cases, and is a bit grindy. It's good enough for me to comfortably recommend it, but I can't say ""BUY THIS NOW!"" until the weapon descriptions are finished, and maybe they add some DLC content, built to the high standard of the base game."
,Recommended,274500,23696106,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,TFJ,"Great Leader is dead. Solo Nobre must fall.Once in a while, comes a game with a strong, unified vision and a perfect execution of that concept. Brigador is a such a game. Everything, such as the amazing art direction, excellent controls and novel lore, comes together to form a unique experience in the tactical shooter genre.Before setting out on your run, review the terms of your contract.Bem-vindo, Brigador."
76561198103012743,Recommended,274500,33434280,Posted: 10 July,all,fuyres,We need more Mech-games!
,Recommended,274500,29237506,Posted: 13 January,all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:Stellar Jockeys, GaussworksPublishers:Stellar JockeysInitial release:Jun 2016Genre:Isometric, Mechs, Vaguely twin stick shooter-esk#Worth/NotWorth:#WaitForSale – #VeryMixedBSERC- (Borderline Sardonic and Extremely Reductive Comparison): Future Cop LAPD finally got a remake and mixed it with Ubermosh. [Trenched, oops I mean Iron Brigade without tower defense] Also I was vaguely reminded of Judge Dredd and Far Cry Blood DragonExposition, Concurrence and SummationBrigadoris ostensibly a twin stick shooter, at least in terms of quickly describing it. It starts out with some rather overwhelming tutorials regarding the various types of mechs, tanks and hovercrafts. Each controlled very differently however in the options there are various control schemes. And unless you're adept at quickly acquiring targets whilst using tank controls, meaning forward is relative to the orientation of the mech I highly suggest switching the controls to Screen absolute. Essentially making it behave like a twin stick shooter except for the really small turret ones that can't turn all the way around.There is a number of other tweaks such as being able to toggle the forward facing function to follow the mouse or crosshair automatically rather than needing to hold it as you move about.There are buildings aside from the objectives such as comm towers and other resource type things that as an example, when destroyed, will have less enemies spawn if the city is alerted. As well as have the guard barriers not erect as soon. But in my experience I never really had a real reason to do so. I basically looked for the tower holding the type of ammo I had and where it was on the map and just kept that in mind. In fact, due to it keeping track of each vehicle for each level, you get to know each map pretty well. You have to be pretty fast and loose especially with smaller mechs whilst being conservative and trying not to dive directly into enemy territory.In my honest gut feeling. I think this game may have been better served as a rogue-like. Using the money to upgrade your own customized mech from the get go as you trounce through Sola Nobre rather than save that aspect for the freelance mode which feels a lot like an afterthought.However, in freelance mode. There is still a definite progression. The difficulty and rewards being affected by the pilot and mission choice and each chassis being able to equip a variety of weaponry to your liking. All must be requisitioned by purchasing with money earned from completing other missions or indeed through failure by which far less money is earned.Something I really like however is the fact that each weapon has a unique arc. The weapons as well as vehicles both traverse and react with the environment in very interesting ways. For instance, if you're using a weapon like a mortar, not only is your aim affected by the direction of the mech or vehicle but by the inertia of it as well; Reflected in the targeting beam.THE GISTThis game is extremely pleasing and very interesting to look at. It can be very fun especially when used as a what I'd call a “podcast” game (though it does have a very nice OST) I just feel like something is missing from keeping it from being the glorious game it could be.Follow my curation for more"
,Recommended,274500,24168281,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,archDuke Baron,Great Leader is dead.Mechs. Action.Mass destruction.Hecka dope aesthetic.Get on it.
,Recommended,274500,30944246,Posted: 4 April,all,A Perfect Urkel,"Oh damn, Brigador is an outstanding throwback to the isometric Genesis ""-Strike"" games I loved as a kid. It has a kind of modular difficulty, determined by which mech/pilot/equipment combo you take into combat, and gameplay can be dramatically different between vehicles.In a big mech, shooting off 105mm shells and gatling rounds like they're candy, stomping through walls to surprise some pile of jerks; zipping around in a coffin-sized hovercraft with airbust guns strapped to the side, lobbing EMP grenades into the distance and jamming on fools at point blank just as it kills their shields and engines; strapped into a tiny powersuit with a stealth drive becomes a game of hide and seek, bursting through hedges like the ♥♥♥♥ing Kool-Aid man and spraying unsuspecting tank crews with enough gamma radiation to paste their organs. Isometric Mechwarrior, tank sim, speedy bullet hell, Solid Snake in Big Daddy armor...the game changes depending on how you equip yourself. It's tight.It struck me as simple at first, but there's deep strategy once you start hitting middle-difficulty runs, a lot of great content, and a lot of VERY well realized lore under the hood. It's a complex cyberpunk world. The music is synthwave glory. I love Brigador."
,Recommended,274500,23625913,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,pantsburgh,"This game is for people that like:- learning to use every weapon and tactic at their disposal- learning to play the same game different ways- not giving up when you have a sliver of health left- being able to accomplish something in a 20 minute sitting- the feeling of achievementThis game is not for people that don't like:- spending more than 5 minutes learning controls- replaying the same mission because they died- the initial feeling that something is impossibleIf the above made it sound really hard, it's honestly not. I'd say there is no easy mode, but once you learn to love the controls (it took me about an hour) the easiest pilots will feel very doable.Also the soundtrack is absurdly good."
76561198074785470,Recommended,274500,29534829,Posted: 27 January,all,Spetznaso,I'm waiting for Ruiner to come out and I was looking for something to fill the void and now I have Brigador. I don't even care about Ruiner anymore. This is the only game I need. Like when I get home from work Ineedto fufill my contract as a Brigador.
76561198009581114,Recommended,274500,30205168,Posted: 26 February,all,5.56mm Freedom Delivery,"Brigador is a good game.Buy Brigador and drive your scrapped car with a hover engine into a gas station.  Die.  Restart.Charge your brick-tank into a pitched battle on open ground with the invading Spacer battalions.  Get surrounded and die.  Restart.March your heavy mech through the crowded streets and miss the kamikaze hiding behind apartment buildings.  Die.  Restart.Pilot cutting edge flight units to assassinate groups of Loyalists until the regional commander sounds the alarm and calls in overwhelming reinforcements. Die. Restart.Race through the city on a motorbike, taking out targets of opportunity.  Crash into the fuel towers at your extration point.  Die Restart.Level the city from the command seat of a tower made of cars.  Crush all opposition before you.  Extract at the spaceport.  Get paid.Stride forth in the mightiest mech ever built.  Your weapons alert everyone in the district, but it does not matter.  You are death.Glide in a reliable air unit from antiquity.  The defenders investigate the exploding ammo dumps and orbital guns but you are already gone, unseen.  You are a ghost.Scream through the forests in a tuk-tuk.  You chase down the fastest of fliers.  You topple the mightiest of mechs.  You crumple the most durable tanks.  No man is willing to utter your dread name.  You are already dead.  That doesn't stop you, Brigador.Brigador is a good game."
,Recommended,274500,21661025,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,static,"Brigador is delicious.  Like Mechwarrior and Blade Runner thrown into a blender with a dash of Running With Rifles and a whole lot of dystopia.  The sprawling, neon-lit world keeps me coming back; it's a surprisingly deep and fascinating place to sneak, fly and/or rampage around.Impressive design on display everywhere you look: the models, the art, the living world and effects... it all clicks.  Very worth the investment; it's a delicious feast in so many ways."
,Recommended,274500,28269548,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Blaine,"Brigador looks like a fairly straightforward action game at first glance, but it isn't. You can't simply rush in like an idiot stomping and shooting everything. Past the very first babby missions, you must develop situational awareness, tread carefully (e.g., don't back into a gas station while aiming across the map), take facing into account (flanks and rear = more damage), take terrain and map layout into account (and use it against enemies where possible), manage sound because it attracts the attention of enemies (an exploding space cannon makes a great deal of noise; firing a quiet weapon, very little), prioritize targets, conserve your ammo, aim carefully, and use your special equipment wisely.There's quite a learning curve at first. Learning to steer and aim simultaneously takes some getting used to, as does figuring out the flow of the game and what does what. One mistake can get you blown up or swarmed and botch an entire mission.The maps and terrain are quite varied, from landscaped suburban housing enclaves to open fields to neon-bedecked cities to pipe- and factory-filled industrial zones. The faction and unit composition of the enemy force also differs and makes for markedly differently play, especially during the campaign.There are currently 52 vehicles to choose from, more-or-less evenly split between mechs, tanks, and agravs (hover vehicles), and further split between three factions. Their attributes and handling vary widely, and many have special traits; even their profile can have an effect (needle-like vehicles are harder to hit head-on, for example). The smaller, frailer vehicles cost more to unlock and are harder to play but grant reward multipliers at mission end. There are 40 weapons split between five hardpoint categories and 4 pieces of special equipment (smokescreen, EMP grenade, optic camo, and demolition blast). These can be mixed and matched however you see fit, although the type of hardpoints (each vehicle has two) are fixed. These options allow for a great deal of flexibility and variety.Most of the unlocks after vehicles and equipment are for progressively longer and harder Freelance campaigns, and for pilots. Higher-level pilots increase mission difficulty and payout, and cost progressively more to unlock. There are also a bunch of Intel/Lore items to unlock that offer a lot of backstory for the game.The game's almost purely skill-based. Taking a frail vehicle piloted by a high-difficulty pilot through a long, high-difficulty Freelance campaign is possible, but requires a great deal of practice and familiarity with the game.A mech simulator it ain't, but it is a beautiful, detailed, well-made game that requires a lot more than mindless button-mashing and features hard (potentially EXTREMELY hard), but fair, difficulty."
,Recommended,274500,30907455,Posted: 2 April,all,SIPPYCUP,"Think ""Desert Strike"" for SEGA Genesis, but with mechs and a sweet cyberpunk vibe.  There's not much else like it out there right now.  Controls for some mechs can be tricky, but you get the hang of it pretty quickly.  Highly recommend!"
,Recommended,274500,28957858,Posted: 2 January,all,DOGSTRONG,"The sardonic lovechild of Hotline Miami and Armored Core, chock full of customization, worldbuilding (breaking), and hours of heavy metal mech gore.EDIT: After further deliberation (about 10 more hours of exploding synth hyper glory) I felt it necessary to amend my review:Brigador is an indie masterwork. I CANNOT stress this enough. The love, attention to detail, wit, and ingenuity put into this inexpensive title is remarkable. Stellar Jockeys deserve attention on this one.Brigador is great video games."
76561197981691125,Recommended,274500,31107854,Posted: 12 April,all,feebs,This game is fantastic. Desert Strike with loads of Mechs. Actually very challenging and addicitve gameplay. Well done to the dev who made this great game.
76561198003716895,Recommended,274500,25451724,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Partycrasher,"Though this looks like a twin-stick shooter, it actually plays more like an isometric mech/tank sim. The control system allows (and requires) a lot more precision than an arcade-style shooter, both in movement and firing - the more you play, the more you appreciate why this is a good thing. The game is also brutally unforgiving for anyone taking a gung-ho approach (unless you know what you're doing) - there is no repair during missions and even the heaviest vehicles can be swiftly wrecked if surrounded in the open - also triggering an alert can make things significantly harder. This can be frustrating to begin with, but is very rewarding once you get a feel for the controls and the tactical aspects of the gameplay.Though there is a campaign of 20 or so missions, the real attraction and longevity of the game lies in freelance mode, where you can choose your vehicle, weapon loadout and mission locations. You can unlock these assets from a large list using money earned from completing missions. It's a good idea to do the first few campaign missions before embarking on freelance mode, as these serve both as a tutorial and a also a quick way to get a decent cash balance to start unlocking assets for freelance mode (though the starting vehicles and weapons are pretty good, they may not suit your playstyle - personally I unlocked active camo as soon as I could).The range of vehicles and weapons available offers a huge variety to suit different playstyles; it's like having a large toybox of futuristic fighting vehicles and weapons. For vehicles you have a variety of mechs, tanks and anti-grav vehicles all with different handling, armour and loadout options. For weapons you have a variety of cannons, mortars, rocket launchers, chain guns and lasers. You can even unlock different pilots who effectively raise the difficulty (and reward) level of missions.Despite the lo-fi graphics, the game is nicely atmospheric with its neon nightscapes and synth music that evokes 80s sci fi films such as Escape from New York. This has a very similar look and atmosphere to Neon Chrome.This game won't be for everyone, but if you can get past the learning curve and appreciate its strengths, then you'll find this offers much more gameplay than a lot of full price games. It's a shame that original gems like this get overlooked in favour of flashier, larger-budget games with less gameplay.Definitely worth the asking price for the gameplay it offers. If you think this is for you, I'd suggest supporting the devs and not waiting for a sale."
76561198394692579,Recommended,274500,34277287,Posted: 16 August,all,markv,"tldr; this is an excellent game in the mold of the *strike games of the 90s eraI loved Desert Strike when I was like five years old.  You were a helicopter!  ...which was pretty awesome.Then I grew up a bit and realized that those games were actually more complicated than that.  You had to manage resources, angles of attack, and threat levels.  They were really pretty brilliant games in a market where the best performing games were platformers,So.  Brigador is the *Strike game that should have been.  Is ""strategtic shooter"" a genre?  Because this game would be the gold standard,"
,Recommended,274500,24178075,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,[FOR]YourAmusement,"Great game, very challenging in a learnable way, difficulty can be adjusted well. Tank controls on literal tanks! Feels natural to me, ymmvLots of attention to detail, great soundtrack, cool vehicle designs"
76561198008322068,Recommended,274500,20785902,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,splancer,Fun game.  Captures the essence of mech-fighting nicely; but from the negative reviews I had concerns about janky controls.  The controls are fine.  WASD is like tank driving and not like a cursor control- i.e. there is a pointer on the ground that indicates relative 'forwards' direction.  Turret is very rapid look and slightly delayed aim based on turret speed.  Since this is early release here are my comments:~ would like options on how ground/direction indicator is displayed; maybe bigger/color/brightness~ light enemy AI should have a higher priority on individual survival; seem eager to sacrifice self to do damage to player~ variable speed option; i think it would be fun to be able to play at 70% normal speed to accomodate how frantic you want the experience to be~ maybe auto-reload at depot and only require active when scavengingLooking forward to playing this as it progresses.Update:  Also hoding down 'e' will essentially make your feet follow your mouse view.
,Recommended,274500,29701899,Posted: 4 February,all,Spectacle Rock,"This game is great fun. Be a mech/tank/grav-thing and destroy a city. There exists a good diversity of weapons and vehicles so you can mix and match and come up with something that fits you. No run and gun here, you need to be fairly tactical and careful especially with some of the lighter mechs/tanks.Music is superb and really fits with the lore and general aesthetic.The campaign is a collection of missions with vehicles/loadouts locked in. Try to beat it with this loadout x4 for each mission. You then spend money to unlock weapons, vehicles, pilots, maps, for the freelance missions. In these you can loadout however you want with what you have unlocked.My only complaint is that the game is a little too freeform for my personal taste. I'd really like a proper campaign with customizable loadouts, perhaps a hub/base, and some sort of risk on failed missions. Build up a fleet of mechs and risk them on missions, that sort of thing. As is, there is no penalty really for failure you just play whatever mission you want, earn money and unlock stuff which is fine I'd just like a strategic level.Definite buy. Good luck Brigador."
,Recommended,274500,27867126,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Engine Nine,"A great isometric action game with lots of destruction, several different vehicle/mech types that all control differently, fun soundtrack and awesome throwback graphics.The developers have been great about supporting the game post-launch with many patches, including some pretty big responses to community feedback like adding new control schemes more similar to twin-stick shooters.  They have also added more vehicles, pilots and lots of other content.Before some of the updates I would have been hesitant to recommend this, but at this point the game is awesome and definitely worth supporting!"
76561197981197420,Recommended,274500,33121143,Posted: 2 July,all,Gazza_N,"Brigador is great. I came to the game with the expectation of giant stompy robots, but it ended up being a general vehicular mayhem simulator of the highest degree. A large campaign acts as a delivery mechanism for training and challenge missions, but the Freelance mode offers you large, open-ended ""runs"" to test your mettle with whatever configurations you can cook up, and is arguably the more compelling game mode once you have the basics down.It's a skill-based game - weapons have distinct firing arcs based on their properties and where they're mounted on your vehicle as well as different colour-coded ammo types, and vehicle facing is important to mitigate how much damage you take. The controls are nonetheless simple enough to get the hang of with a bit of training, but learning to operate vehicles with finesse will take time and practice (which is exactly what I'm looking for in this sort of game).Special note of the fact that once you're on a map, the game lets go of your hand and you're on your own. Brigador presents your objectives, and its up to you *how* you complete them, or whether you can complete them at all. Several side-objectives let you influence the map in interesting ways too (as well as earning more filthy lucre). Coming up with priorities for what objectives you can actually afford to complete (or end up HAVING to complete due to your actions) lends a nice layer of strategy to what would otherwise be frivolous stompenshoot. The fact that you can destroy literally anything on the map to carve your own path through is not only fun, but useful given the open-ended nature of the maps.Two minor complaints would be that it's not always terribly clear when you're taking damage or where from, and your firing arcs don't indicate when they're obstructed by terrain, meaning that you may inadvertently waste a lot of ammo demolishing walls instead of your foes. It's also not always clear which Freelance runs you've previously completed. These are minor issues, though, and don't overwhelmingly detract from the game.If any of this sounds appealing, buy this game."
,Recommended,274500,32357547,Posted: 11 June,all,Lint Wizard,"This game is intensely good. The game encourages you to constantly gage how much challenge you're willing or able to take on and then always raise the stakes a little higher for greater reward. For instances, your choice of operator determines the starting difficulty and how it ramps up, while your vehicle determines the amount of firepower you can level at said challenge: more expensive operators face greater challenges for more rewards, while more expensive vehicles are substantially weaker and less durable but also grant better reward multipliers. This contrasts with other games that make you work to get the most powerful equipment; in this game, you get some of the most powerful things for free by default, and the rest are quite cheap. If you want to drive what is basically the Tuk Tuk from Just Cause 2, however, that'll run you a price so steep that it's 4x more than next most expensive vehicle, but it'll give you a 10x payout multiplier!The number of completable objectives on each map is much greater than what you need to move on (and they can have good or dangerous consequences if you complete them), and you can often jump to the final payout mission well before completing all of the maps leading up to it. Every single object that breaks or person that dies adds to your paycheck, but you have to manage your ammo stores and your time may be worth more if spent on the objectives.This creates a subtle ingraining of Brigador morality: Whatever it takes to get paid and get off world is paramount. You will be financially compensated for stomping on innocents, ramming through slums, and collateral damage, but you will probably find that it's not worth your time to go out of your way to do so. Civilians are worth so little to kill that shooting them on purpose may feel like a waste of resources. So, when you DO go out of your way to destroy the lives of the little people, there can be no room for doubt that you act as perversely as the Auditer or greedily beyond all reason.Speaking of, the lore in this game is so good. Spacers in particular are genuinely unsettling in creative ways: their mechs are clearly backwards and all of their vehicles sport full-yellow paint jobs (the lore says that yellow on Solo Nobre is associated with peaceful surrender and that wearing it while fighting is utmost sacrilege; I wonder if the Spacers are even aware of that) but with bullseyes on the cockpits (which, again, appear to be on the wrong side of the mech). The aforementioned Auditer is merely the operator you can use to tour each map without worrying about hostile forces, but the lore makes an impressive effort turning him into an unusual and almost horrifying character.If you do try to use a controller, definitely slow the game speed down. The aiming controls are much better suited to a mouse than a joypad, so a lower speed will give you some extra time to adjust the angle of elevation of your shots. For keyboard and mouse, I use Relative Controls for mechs/tanks but Screen Absolute for agravs (I may switch to Top Right Absolute but I have yet to try it)."
,Recommended,274500,30604573,Posted: 18 March,all,HeavyEyes,"Challenging at first - the controls take some getting used to, especially the anti-grav vehicles.  Devs have implemented alternative control schemes but recommend the original, so I've stuck with it.A fantastically challenging isometric game of total annihilation.   Depth of game play including many different mechs, weapons, and levels of challenge.   Varied maps to play and overcome.To me, this harkens back to Bullfrog's Syndicate from 1993 - a cyberpunk-style thrill-a-thon, merciless and brutal, but instead of having a squad of mercs you'll tackle the levels with an assortment of vehicles.  An assortment of weapons (primary and secondary) plus defensive mechanisms, mixed and matched across several different chassis and control schemes.  The neon overtones and slick screen movement, combined with total devastation makes for a graphically enjoyable experience.Top-notch soundtrack.  Great music, very much in the 'Outrun' or 80s synth style.  Never gets old.Brigador is a quality product from an indie development team.  It's a game that plays wonderfully on my archaic beast of a computer, built some 8 years ago, and that's worth mentioning as not a lot of gamers have newer rigs.  A game that deserves more recognition and gameplay - but don't give up if you are frustrated with the controls at first - Brigador's control scheme is worth mastering.Thumbs up."
76561198008118637,Recommended,274500,26305754,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Locuck,"GReat time killer, multiple twin stick mechanics for each kind of vehicle. Fun but a bit repetive, Overall i would recomend it."
76561198058235573,Recommended,274500,30907673,Posted: 2 April,all,Pyrophage,"This is one of the best executed isometric shooters in a long time with a strong reto flair. The loadouts are highly customizable and give the player a spectrum of choices ranging from top-heavy mechs capable of simply stomping a city into dust to 1-seat motorbikes that survive by being to fast to react to, let alone hit. There's a sense of progression in the unlock system, but every unlock is available if you have the credits. Overall I'd say it's more than worth the asking price."
,Recommended,274500,26316585,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,CptJack[DFUE],"This game has an amazing 80ies SciFi-setting and epic soundtrack alike. And it's difficult. Especially with a controller you have to find your way into the game, maybe tweaking the controls a bit to your need."
76561198126033857,Recommended,274500,34159436,Posted: 10 August,all,beams86x,"If you think you'd enjoy strapping a gatling mortar and a dumbfire rocket pod to a flying Camaro, turning a 10-story tall robot invisible, or leveling a city blocks with canisters of corrosive gas, BUY THIS GAME.Seriously, though, it's a well-made top-down shooter with an incredible degree of loadout customization, an interesting approach to difficulty (the toughness of a level is dependent on the notoriety of the pilot you play as), and an acquisitions database which tells the game's story by talking about the events surrounding the creation and deployment of various weapons and vehicles. There's strategy, there's action, there's some awesome music, and the audiobook ain't half-bad, either."
76561198016289204,Recommended,274500,24965181,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,GerPronouncedGrr,"A truly unique experience that has to be played to be fully understood. Hard as nails and twice as fun.10/10, would sign life away to The Company again."
,Recommended,274500,25263994,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,The Cool Gamer Guy,"I love the deliberately-paced standoff at the climax of Patlabor, where the crew has to strategize how to deal with the two security drones at the far end of a tunnel :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jKFtPdCysR4In this scene  it is terrifying to watch machine gun fire shred the protagonists' cover as they move from place to place. They are forced into difficult situations, burdened on one hand with Labors unable to find sufficient cover, and on the other hand humans unable to take on the drones on their own. Tactics change as the battle progresses, contingent not only on the abilities of the participants themselves, but their surroundings and positioning. Piloting a large craft becomes both a blessing and a curse in tight quarters.I'm not much of a strategy or tactics gamer, but Brigador offers a keen reproduction of this sensation in a way that I have not felt in other games. A tank with the power to decimate my armor is stalking a city district block by block on the lookout for my mech. I switch on my cloaking device and sneak past an advancing column of small infantry units, careful not to cause any destruction on my way. As my cloak dissipates, I dodge into an alleyway and let the tank have it from behind with both barrels; it explodes before it can even swivel around and set me in its crosshairs. I stomp its remains out of my way and veer around another corner to put some distance between the now-alerted infantry and me. I gauge my situation and decide I have more than enough ammo: I hunker down, swivel towards the advancing units and aim my fire at the tower block between me and them. As my cannon brings the building down I use my secondary mount to vaporize my targets through the newly-created hole in the scenery.The difficult, player-relative controls are a successful part of what makes this game's atmosphere both tense and deliberate; I'm piloting amobile weapons platform, not playing a game of robotron. Being able to deftly turn a corner is a valuable skill that comes with practice, like lobbing artillery or targeting flying units. That said, the controls are still difficult for me; if I let go of Brigador in the near future it will probably be due to this fact combined with the overall difficulty of mid- and late-game missions, since I certainly didn't breeze through the first few. I know I won't ever unlock everything.I hope to spend a lot more time with this game in the future. I haven't had this much fun leveling buildings in a video game since playing Blast Corps for the n64. Verdict: it's good."
,Not Recommended,274500,23369232,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,[RIP] Jesper,"This is a well executed game with nice gameplay, visuals and sound. For me the problem is its difficulty. This game gives you one shot at clearing a mission and that's a bit too much for me.If you like hard games with one life, go ahead and buy it. It's not a game for my tastes however. I hope the developers find their audience and does well!"
,Recommended,274500,23361166,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,labtob,"I am diggin' it so far, but the controls will take some getting used to.+ fast and fun action+ soundtrack isn't terrible- menus seem a little underdeveloped.- no controller support- no achievements.= Still recommending because it's just really fun and challenging."
,Recommended,274500,33992953,Posted: 3 August,all,Kirbonkadonk,"Another big stompy robot game that deserves far more attention and credit than it's had. It's like Cryptark in that regard. Brigador is a devastatingly effective blend of Mechwarrior, Jungle Strike, kickass synth music, and a tongue-in-cheek sense of gallows humour. Highly recommended."
76561198016880425,Recommended,274500,23510440,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Retrograde,Buy the gameBuy the soundtrackBuy the Bookthey are all worthy of your time.Hard but rewarding in a cool settingA year later im still playing. This game gets better as it maturesBuy It
,Recommended,274500,21792110,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Peregrine,"This game's challenge lies not in its controls, but your ability to navigate the dense terrain while remaining spatially aware.There's something very satisfying in this.Whether you stomp around in a mech, or plow through the streets in a tank, there's an undenyable sense of gratuitous demolition while still keeping you on your feet. There's a lot more thinking required than at first glance.Traditional isometric mechanics are blended with a formula for destruction in a tactical shooter with a lot of potential.Worth checking out."
76561197961372576,Recommended,274500,25187800,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Delor,"Brigador is a tight experience done well.  A bit remeniscent of the old Sega Genesis Strike series (Desert Strike and its successors), Brigador puts you as a lone vehicle in a big, hostile world with your choice of main objectives to complete as well as resupply locations and optional side missions that can help limit the enemy's ability to respond to you.Simple controls- move, aim, shoot, and a defensive power- belie the underlying complexity brought to the table by noise, line-of-sight, variable armor facings (side + rear == more damage taken), a shield overcharge mechanic, and terrain offers varying degrees of toughness, resistance to being shot through, and hinderance to mobility.When you start the game, you'll feel like you're undergunned and under-armored, with no way to do better.  Give it an hour or two, however, and you may find yourself sweeping the entire map and leaving fully shielded and loaded with every optional objective completed, and ready for a harder difficulty.Negatives?  One complaint, and one warning.The only real complaint I have is that there is exploding terrain that will do massive damage to you, and is relatively hard to see.  Nothing like spending 30 minutes carefully clearing a series of maps only to fail because you didn't see a muted green pipe or muted yellow gas canister against the overwhelmingly dark gray-brown-green background.  Realistic or not, these things need to be more visible.It's also worth noting while that you could spend a loooooooong time unlocking all of the vehicles, weapons, pilots (difficulty levels), and maps that the game has to offer, Brigador is fundamentally a fairly compact experience.  The vehicles and weapons do handle significantly differently, but after a few hours of feverently playing the game I find myself feeling like I've gotten most of what I can get out of the game.  I would like to revisit it some more, but I'm a bit burned out.Brigador is, however, a game that knows exactly what it wants to be and executes on it very well.  If the potential that the map/difficulty unlock progression might not get its hooks into you and limit you to a single digit hours of play isn't a significant negative to you, I'd highly recommend it."
,Recommended,274500,32283860,Posted: 8 June,all,Virus With Shoes,"Now that the Up-Armored Edition has been released I figure it's a good time to review this. I've got about 70 hours in the game so far and don't see myself qutting any time soon.Do you want to play a tank with a cloaking field and invisibly drive over your opponents? Do you want to be a multi-story mech bristling with lasers that wins through sheer firepower? Or maybe an agile anti-grav making hit and run attacks with corrossive chemical weapons? The huge amount of vehicles and weapons means you can play however you want. Huge levels with 100% destructible terrain mean you can carve your own path through the game, either through brute force or stealth.There's also a ton of difficulty settings in Freelance mode in the form of pilots, each of which has a difficulty rating that is either stable or goes up steadily over multiple levels. In addition you can adjust the game speed in the menus to make things less hectic.There's been multiple times I've broken out laughing during this game as I suddenly realize the absolute massive damage that's been done to the city during a fight. Though it might not seem like this game has much of a story, the info logs set up a surpisingly deep and darkly satiric setting. For example, you get extra pay for collateral damage. A civilian casualty is worth $50. A decorative shrub is $100.Also worth mentioning is that the dev support has been incredible post release. There have been multiple updates including weapon rebalances to make sure everything in the game feels fun to use.The controls may take a bit of getting used to if you aren't familiar with tank controls (however there are multiple control settings available). But once you do this game has a huge amount of entertaining content. I can't recommend this enough."
,Recommended,274500,28993301,Posted: 3 January,all,Hydra Dominatus,"This game is so underrated, it's nothing short of criminal. I mean, 70 on metacritic, come on !Brigador remind me a good deal of some games who were pretty good : Future cop LAPD, Crusader no remorse/regret and, of course, Mechwarrior.And that's a very good thing, because I loved those games !I heard of Brigador completly by accident by first seeing a .webm on a certain chinese cartoon imageboard. That little video clip lasted less than 10 secondes but I was blown away by how cool and good looking that game seemed to be, I had to try it and I wasn't disappointed. Oh no !First of all, Brigador is incredibly gorgeous. The designers really made an excellent job on all the vehicules and the maps.I can only regret the absence of an in game zoom to bath myself in those gorgeous pixels (I know you can zoom in via the dev console, but it's far less intituitive than just mouse scroll to control the zoom level whenever you want).Second of all, The music is really nice. I mean really, REALLY nice. Makeup and Vanity Set not only made an excellent soundtrack but it also fit the game ambiance incredibly well.And finally, the difficulty : the game pretty much let you decide how hard you want it to be. You're not too good ? Choose the biggest vehicle in the campaign or in Freelance, jump into the Lowmill equiped with a Köning and a Chieftain + AK pulse and watch everything melt before your eyes in a very satisfying manner.Want some unreasonable challenge ? Jump into the Varlet (once unlocked, that can honestly take some time) equipped with a Blackhand and Lockdown to sneak your way between enemy vehicle that will blast you to oblivion with pathetic ease.Granted, the game takes a little time to adapt to it's peculiar movement and aiming but it's all worth it. Hell, even the tidbits of lore you unlock are great, the universe is interesting and the lore behind the vehicle and weapons is written well enough to make it engaging. On a sidenote, I was quite amused by how ANCAP this universe is, you seriously have to BUY the terms and agreements of YOUR contract. Nevertheless, breaking the NAP has never been more fun.If I had a little critic to do it's about the aiming, when it's blasting and exploding everywhere it's not always very easy to clearly see where you're aiming and it's quite a problem with slow shooting weapons. The same problem applies to shooting AGRAV, depending on their orientation it's either very easy to shoot them or very painful.Oh, well this little trouble is easily forgotten in the face of such an amazing game."
,Recommended,274500,34568602,Posted: 28 August,all,℧ Nescient,"“Hey, you there!”A man in a striped suit stands there pointing, motioning to you.“Yes, you! Who else would I be talking to?”Oh god in heaven, I think he’s a salesman…“Are you a public commuter; and more importantly, are you tired of waiting in traffic? I know right! The traffic is just absolutely abysmal this time of year. You can’t go half a city block without encountering those gnarly pileups and security checkpoints. I mean, you can't see past the cars anywhere in Solo Nobre.”This man’s grin seems a bit off.“You needn't say a word friend! I’ve got your rootin'-tootin' one-stop, traffic solution!”What the hell…“This model is affectionately known as the Canmore! Annnd it certainly can-do-more! Ever wanted to just ride over all that backup during traffic jams? Well now you can, with this one hundred fifty ton tank! It’ll flatten anything from telephone poles to ten story buildings!”...“Hey, and if that’s a bit too sizey, we can drop down to the compact models! The good ol’ Rounder here weighs in at just over 95 tons, but don’t let the size fool you. It’s main gun is a twentyfive millimeter Zeus railgun. The Big Z, as I like to call it, can put a sedan sized hole in quadruple reinforced concrete at around five kilometers - and if that’s not enough bang for your buck - the coaxial thirtyseven here can ground and pound anything that gives you a dirty look beyond 800!”I… I… uhhh…“Uhhhh... are you alright?”""I’ll take it! You’ve got a deal! That tank looks ♥♥♥♥in’ awesome! Where do I sign?!""“Right here, friend. And remember Brigador...""Great Leader is dead. Solo Nobre must fall."
76561198242507446,Recommended,274500,24437778,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Keq,To the people that say the controls are bad or clunky there not just get good! every class controls differently and has pros and cons just get used to them in the campaign mode.but the real fun is in freelance where you choose your loadout and try to get to the spaceport in 1 go.10/10 stomping on tuk tuk's never gets old.
,Recommended,274500,23606295,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,mistermojo,"Very good game, tough but fair"
,Recommended,274500,25850575,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Stargoat,"It's basically the greatest Godzilla game ever made.Shoot everything that moves....Also shoot everything that doesn't move, for good measure!Bridgador is a very satisfying, visceral mech combat game. It's the top-down tactical explosion bonanza you've been waiting for!In Bridgador, you take command of one of several mercenaries of questionable mental health, tasked with what is essentially the terrorising of the planet Solo Nobre for monetary and political gain. The objectives don't change too much from level to level, and essentially boil down to destory everything while avoiding being destroyed - which can be a rather difficult task depending on the vehicle, loadout and tactics you choose to emply.There are two modes of play, a campaign and 'freelance' mode. The campaign is more story heavy, as you might expect (although it's not obnoxiously in-your-face either), but my favourite mode is Freelance, where completing missions provides funds to buy new vehicles, pilots, weapons etc. Bonus money is awarded for taking weaker mechs (or more unstable pilots!). Experimenting with the weapons is a joy. A lot of it is imbalanced in a beautiful way - some weapons are terrible, some punch above their weight class, and it rewards experimentation.The gameplay its-self is from an isometric perspective (reminiscent of Mechwarrior 3050 on the SNES for me), and the default controls are like that of a tank (AWSD to rotate and stomp forwards/backwards, mouse to aim). The aiming in particular is quite nuanced, as the mechs are often taller than the things they're shooting at, so you need to aim where you intend the projectile to hit, rather than in the general direction of the enemy. There are many interesting touches and lots of attention to detail.All in all, the worst aspect of Brigador is that the missions tend to be a tad samey (especially in Freelance mode, the objectives are the same each time), but the terrain you stomp though and specifics of the fights you'll have to take keep things interesting. It's by no means a perfect game, but if you enjoy mech or future war themes, explosions or tactical shooty gameplay, definitely check out... BRIGADOR!"
,Recommended,274500,23593391,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Rob,"I somehow never saw this on Early Access, but I have to say, the finished product is one hell of a game. Normally with games like this there will be at least one weapon or vehicle type that you can basically ignore for one reason or another, but every weapon really manages to feel unique and useful while the vehicles on offer cater to pretty much any playstyle. I've got five hours into the game as of the time of writing this, and I've barely been able to scratch the surface of the content available.I have two very minor points of constructive criticism, but neither one is likely to affect your enjoyment of the game. The first is that currently missions pay a pretty small percentage of their total value if you're unable to complete it or die. Normally not a problem, but due to the way missions unlock in Freelance mode it wouldn't be a terrible thing if even just the first few missions had a higher rate on your return for failed missions.The second minor quibble and the one I do care more about is that while the mechs sound fine, there wasn't much impression of weight. This is probably a really difficult balance to reach, as I can honestly only think of one game where characters/vehicles that were supposed to be incredibly heavy actually sounded it (Warhammer 40k: Space Marine). Given that, I wouldn't be heartbroken if that change went unimplemented, but adding some weight to the mech sounds would really put the sound design over the top.Like I said though, both of those were minor issues. If the premise of the game appeals to you at all, it's almost certainly worth your time."
,Recommended,274500,18528127,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Underwhelmed,"Crusader: No Remorse had a baby but doesn't know if the father is Bedlam or Mechassault? I can't say I approve of the lifestyle but I can't argue with the results. Also mech games with ""stomp"" buttons are in short supply these days."
,Recommended,274500,23832411,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Aaron,"The game is really good, all the mechs are really detailed and the music isn't bad."
,Recommended,274500,25596799,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,KeenEye,"You get to play as a merciless gun-for-hire wreaking havoc during a political crisis on Solo Nobre.Collateral damage? Bonus money.Rules of engagement? Shoot everything.Death benefits? Sorry, cash only.Everyone will hate you, as they should. But you’ll be rich and you have a one-way ticket off this pathetic backwater planet. Stomp, smash, crush, shoot, incinerate, electrocute, poison and vaporize your way to a better life*.*Does not apply to the citizens of Solo Nobre. No exceptions."
76561197986304449,Recommended,274500,31225835,Posted: 18 April,all,Misplaced Optimism,"You are not a good person.Seems simple enough on the surface but it's a surprising title, from the sardonic teardowns of Marvin and the endless little tidbits I find myself reading through there's this utter sense of dread and forboding about your purpose.While there's some questionable design choices here and there, overall it comes out ahead as one of those few games that keeps me coming back.A wonderous blend of gameplay, just that bit of story and that realization that everything is indeed going to hell and your goal is to make as much money as you can while the planet burns around you.While not for everyone, I do suggest you try it."
,Recommended,274500,33357743,Posted: 7 July,all,Lowen,"Yes, this is a very good robot stompy city game. Everything is destructable except for the outer walls, with weapons or by just crushing it underfoot. There's a variety of vehicles and weapons from different kinds of machine guns to heavy cannons to gauss rifles and lasers - even artillery, rockets and acid canisters. You can pilot (almost) every vehicle in the game including mechs, ground vehicles and antigravity vehicles.At first I wasn't too impressed by Brigador - sure, the campaign missions were a bit fun if a little too challenging, but after getting through them all I just didn't feel like the game was worth it... Then I tried freelance and it was horribly boring because it was too easy -  I didn't understand how to buy things, pilot difficulty or how map progression worked. After buying a difficult pilot, some good gear/vehicles and a decently long (5) mapset I now totally get it and it's fun!The customization is simple but kind of neat. All the weapons in the game have a class like ""heavy"" ""main"" ""turret"" or ""small"". Ammo used is independent of type. Every vehicle gets exactly two mounts of these kinds in addition to varying movement and durablility. So customization is a matter of: pick pilot - pick vehicle - pick 1st weapon - pick 2nd weapon - pick defensive system - go. It's very simple but with tons of different combinations, which I appreciate.I can't resist comparing freelance mode to a roguelike even though it totally isn't one. You have to complete at least one objective on every map before you can exit to the next one. Your health and ammo carry over. Eventually you can extract at the spaceport, and you only get a good payout if you survive. So there's a (short) permadeath aspect as well as a resource management and risk/reward to consider.Overall, I was regretting buying this a little but it grew on me and now I'm happy I did."
,Recommended,274500,30925190,Posted: 3 April,all,Grobstein,"This game is fantastic! A completely polished action game, with a glossy cyberpunk aesthetic and gorgeous soundtrack.The action is both very fast and very deliberate. You command a mech (or a tank, or a pickup truck with a machine gun, or a jetbike, or a stack of cars with an artillery gun on top). In real-time action, you roll through suburbs, railyards, and necropolises, taking on scores of machines as powerful as yours. The opposition is always heavy, so tactics are key. You're gonna want to lure enemies to move near ammo dumps and gas lines. Sometimes you'll hide behind a thick wall and lob artillery. Sometimes you will just engage the cloaking device and run away.The Campaign mode is an introduction to the game and its mechanics, serving up one map at a time, and a small number of pre-cooked loadouts for you to take it on with. The Freelance mode is more like the main course. Here, you take on missions that span multiple maps (the game has dozens of gorgeous and detailed maps). At the end of each mission, you'll have to exfiltrate through a spaceport map to get your pay.What to say about the theme and story? I think a lot of people didn't appreciate this, but it was extremely persuasive to me. The planet of Solo Nobre is clearly inspired by the history of US imperialism in South and Central America. The term that best captures what your characters do in the story of the game is ""paramilitary death squad."" Solo Nobre's left-wing strongman ruler has died, and the forces of interplanetary capitalism are extremely eager to gain access to the planet's markets. To do this, they hire mercenaries (you) to conduct a campaign of violence and destruction, so that they can step into the void of a ruined civil society. If Great Leader's death doesn't lead to civil war by itself, they will buy one.The kind of explanatory narration I've used doesn't appear anywhere in the game, though. And why should it? Corporate communications do not speak of ""death squads"" and a nefarious lust for chaos. Instead, the game's story is conveyed by anodyne corporate-speak and unfair contract terms; the larger context appears when you read between the lines. Your employer is called, ""the Solo Nobre Concern (hereafter SNC)."" ""The SNC's development goals for Solo Nobre depend on keeping the local government forces in disarray as long as possible."" ""We have strong intelligence suggesting that several persons of interest can be found in the refugee camps. ... Remove the command vehicles so that our HR department may conduct interviews."" ""Please purchase in full and then refer to your Contract stipulations with regard to eligibility to decline a contract."" ""If you have any questions, purchase a copy of the Terms and Conditions and FAQ."""
,Recommended,274500,29592621,Posted: 30 January,all,TastyMints,Fantastic game with a lovely setting. Indulges very heavily in 80s Fiction and joins a great number of other Retro-Futuristic works. Great variety of vehicles that change things up and keep your playstyle shifting. Most maps can be leveled to the ground but I wouldn't recommend that since you're going to need the ammo. Brigador is ruthless in its application of force. If you trigger a big group of enemies with loud noises or by shooting them then you better be ready for some action. Excellent game and well worth its purchase price whether you like big stompy robots or tanks that can shatter concerete buildings like glass. The soundtrack deserves special mention but I'm sure plenty of reviews have gushed over that.
,Recommended,274500,29174953,Posted: 10 January,all,GangsterSwedish,"I read about this game on a Best Games You Didn't Play in 2016 list - I think it was on Destructoid. Yes, this is definitely one of the best games I didn't play last year. Fortunately it's 2017 now and that mistake has been rectified and I'm enjoying the hell out of it. Well done; I highly recommend it if you're a fan of the old Syndicate and other isometric shooters."
76561198062368752,Recommended,274500,29596233,Posted: 30 January,all,Koon,"Good game reminds me kind of an old SNES game which name I don´t remember.much explosions, much mechs, much weapons, much fun.Would strongly recommend this game!"
76561197971037636,Recommended,274500,29620327,Posted: 31 January,all,dedla,"So nice, I bought it twice. The full edition. Gameplay? Great. Music? Phenomenal. Story/background/lore? Top Notch.The audiobook? Added about 3 more layers of depth to an already deep and flushed out universe. Think Battletech having a love baby with Warhammer 40k, in the Shadowrun universe.You can buy off of their website, DRM free, same price.Worth $20? ♥♥♥♥ yes. Every. Day. Of. The. Year."
,Recommended,274500,28029378,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Fox Witch,"This game came screaming out of the 90s wearing a thick coat of 80s aesthetic. It's got a surface veneer of heavy shooting action covering a depth you don't normally see in games like this. Though to be honest, I can't really think of any other games like this... at least, nothing from this decade. And that's good, because what Brigador is really doing is taking an old idea that has its roots in the Desert/Jungle Strike games, planting those roots firmly into ground combat, and keeping it fresh with loads of meaningful options in vehicle and weapon selection. All of this is woven together by countless threads of lore and backstory sprinkled throughout pretty much every part of the game, and a kicking throbbing soundtrack that suits it perfectly.If it sounds like I'm gushing, I am. I love this game. I highly recommend you give it a try. Also you can make a tank that is essentially a sci-fi KV-2. Can you beat that? NO."
,Recommended,274500,23666599,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Very Disco,"A well crafted and nuanced game with incredible variety. Brigador rewards twitch skill and careful stealthy gameplay alike, with everything inbetween. The controls are smooth, gameplay feels just right, and theres always a different way to approach a situation. Feels like a classic right out of the gate."
,Recommended,274500,25369202,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Hans mid de Pir,"At the beginning i had issues with the controls, it felt weird that i don't move sidewards when i press ""A"" or ""D"", but i figured out their reasoning when i played the hover tank for the first time.The art style is not for everyone but i love it. Just like Hotline Miami you feel a rush induced by the music and graphics, but just like in Hotline Miami this behavior ends in a quick death. The game really is a beauty for me, even tho we entered a time where 3d is finally beautiful, i still like nice designed 2d in a high resolution and i think more games should have 2d."
76561198041284027,Recommended,274500,32269160,Posted: 8 June,all,Mike Landis,Set controls to RELATIVE.Set gamespeed to 100.Play with KEYBOARD and MOUSE.BRIGADOR!
76561197988728364,Recommended,274500,24151496,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,NightfallGemini,"Game owns all the bones, easily the best $20 I've spent on Steam in a long time. If you dug any of the isometric shooting games like Mechwarrior on the SNES, this is supremely your♥♥♥♥♥♥and you should buy it right now."
76561197971929972,Recommended,274500,23456580,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Crucco&Bros,"Fast, intense and beautiful! This is a truly awesome Mech action game!"
76561198048135425,Recommended,274500,25029286,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,KaiserZorn,"Absolutely fantastic!gfx, soundtrack and style are perfect. there are 2 gamemodes: story mode doubles as a extended tutorial and freelance is the real heart and soul of the game. deep and meaningful customization options influence difficulty and gameplay style; from low paying brute in a slow tanky mech (easy mode) to legendary pilot in a hi-speed jetbike (suicide mode) you get a whole spectrum to choose from. there is literally thousands of different possible loadouts. lets talk numbers: 3 distinct factions (military, junkyard splatterpunk, hi tech), 3 different vehicle categories (mech, tank, antigrav), at least 5 vehicles for each possible combination lead to 45+ playable warmachines. 2 weapon slots per machine; 5 weapon classes with 8 entrys each plus 4 defensive systems. over 100 enemy types. 20 maps. (edit: keeps getting updated, even more vehicles and maps are in now)10/10 instant classic"
,Recommended,274500,25012560,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,notrecksie,"Definitely worth 20 bucks. It's a bit rough in some areas and I've got some niggling issues with the lack of camera controls and presentation but it's very good, lasting fun once you figure it out."
,Recommended,274500,32137882,Posted: 2 June,all,Mr.Saturn,"Controls are extremely weird to get used to at first but once you get used to it, its fantasticthe relaunch update also added a FAR better set of intro missions, however the meat of the game is in the free mission mode"
,Recommended,274500,26508225,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,linuxpunk,"Isometrick shooter, akin to Desert StrikeThis is a wonderful game. The cyberpunk setting is great, the music rocks, the gameplay ishardand the controls are tight. It's not a top down shooter, but an isometric shooter, in wich you don't control your unit via ""up, down, left, rigth"" controls but ""forward, rotate left-right, backward"" depending on the direction your mecha is facing. The controlls might need some getting used to, but truly convey the feeling you are driving a massive mecha, tank or heli.Great music, I can't stress this enough.Nice isometric graphics, tight controls.Destroyable enviroment.Tons of mechs to drive, from walkers to tanks to helicoper-like things.Tons of guns and characters.Nice backstory, about fighting a totalitarian regime.Trulya work of loveby the devs.Multi plataform support.Thanks for the Linux port devsBottom line, get it if you liked the Strike series (desert strike, etc)."
,Recommended,274500,31203581,Posted: 17 April,all,Cane,"One of the most gorgeous isometric games i've seen. Brutally hard, but not impossible to grasp.Immersive and quirky. And you, the gamer, get full access to the dev tools, AND they alter the game state live! Super sweet!"
76561197993117770,Recommended,274500,32315985,Posted: 10 June,all,Kalle,This is the Syndicate sequel I never knew I wanted. Wrecking neighbourhoods while shooting high-powered weaponry at enemy tanks never gets old.
,Recommended,274500,33264273,Posted: 5 July,all,BurnZeZ,"Controls felt weird at first, but I got over it when Irealized the importance of controlling the arc of myprojectiles, which said controls allow me to do.Code doesn't seem to suck.Haven't noticed any bugs.^ that means more to me than it shouldVery polished feel.Settings menu is a delightful place.Excellent lore.I'm not even a lore guy, but this stuff is pretty cool.I miss this level of quality in games."
,Recommended,274500,29532264,Posted: 27 January,all,Robot Joe,"a pretty isometric shooter with stompy mechs, tanks and everything is destructible. cool how u can distract enemies with noises of explosions n how they will shoot where they last saw u if you lay down smoke.game is VERY NEAT and gets very hard, forced to think more creativitly sometimes rather than trying to brute force your way thru a mission. Carve paths thru dense buildings, funnel enemies.gives me vague memories of stuff like return fire and syndicate."
76561198063195469,Recommended,274500,29285516,Posted: 15 January,all,Sir Maxwell of Macsen,"While it may have a somewhat confusing controls, and can be a bit hard at times, this game is truly an amazing experience, made better by the 1980s retro sci-fi camp and synth music pumping through it. A must play for fans of Vehicle-Based shooters and 80s nostalgia."
76561198058925614,Recommended,274500,29372311,Posted: 20 January,all,CrazyGunMan102,"Fore score and... tenish years ago i played a little game called Future Cop LAPD, now when i first heard the rumblings of a spiritual successor by a small group of devs who worked on the title you couldn't imagine my surprise and happiness, now i'm not too sure if those same ex devs are behind this masterpiece but if they are congratulations are in order, this is everything i could have wanted, thank you."
,Recommended,274500,32359262,Posted: 11 June,all,Grimpak,Huss with dual Königs...holycrapthisthingcanmunchanythi- *out of ammo*oops
,Recommended,274500,32156061,Posted: 3 June,all,Hainish,"TL;DR: Such a great game. If you're interested at all, just buy it.I won't go too in-depth with what the other reviewers have already covered. Amazing aesthetic, crazy fun gameplay, tons of variety. A world that is deep, but told 'in the background', somewhat like Dark Souls, through the mech descriptions, pilot backstories, weapon info, mission details, in addition to the lore unlockables. Crazy good soundtrack that I would've bought even if the game never existed.What I do wanna stress though is how ♥♥♥♥in awesome the developers are. This game is very clearly a labor of love. All the detail they've put into it, the amazing support, consistently adding new content (like this new relaunch that added a bunch of stuff and just improved the game overall for FREE), and the fact that they are always engaging with the players. You don't often see a game that is so loved by the people that created it, and that is what makes Brigador such a brilliant game.Please get it so Stellar Jockeys/Gausswerks can keep adding stuff and developing new games.PS: For complaints about the controls; they've added alternate styles, but honestly, just practice with the default controls. It can be frustrating at first, but ultimately pays off."
,Recommended,274500,32211382,Posted: 5 June,all,piliotfluhs,"My brain is fried.In the tutorial mission, I pillaged suburbia, splintering trees with giant miniguns.Then I graduated to ramming a tank through my enemies - I wasn't qualified for ammunition.It went on. Sneaking around putting anti-tank rounds into the rears of mechs. Stomping across maps with a minigun turret working away, firing the occasional rocket and watching my mech skid back along the ground from the recoil, to eventually loading up with the biggest baddest machine I could find, fitting it with a massive armour-piercing flechette railgun and a super-mortar, and crawling around levelling city blocks and assassinating targets through concrete walls.I'm barely into the campaign and everything about this game already has me snared. It's hypnotic. The writing is great too, and there's so much of it. There's a book's worth of narrative and data in here, and it's all worth reading. Everything adds to the atmosphere.I don't know if I can sleep tonight. I've got explosions in my head."
,Recommended,274500,25540211,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,a_tiny_child,"There isn't a lot I can say about this game that hasn't already been said.  I love it.  I love the asthetic, the destructible environments, and how each vehicle and weapon combo handles differently.  Tons of different maps and different ways to approach each map.  One of the best games I've played in a while.I also think the game's callous disregard for collateral damage, and the unintentional story it tells about the conflict you're waging, makes it one of the best anti-war games I've ever played."
76561198000266166,Recommended,274500,32165217,Posted: 3 June,all,Black Hammer,"I'm still playing the game, but you get to drive a Killdozer and it does exactly what it sounds like."
,Recommended,274500,30208136,Posted: 26 February,all,ag_radley,Extremely deep isometric vehicle combat shooter sim. The most well-designed game of its type I've ever played. Excellent worldbuilding.The only downside is that I wished it delved more deeply into the storytelling. The stuff that's there is very compelling but I wish there was more of it.
,Recommended,274500,33502104,Posted: 13 July,all,Lucas.Δ,"THIS IS THE DARKSOULS OF MECHANIZED KILLING MACHINESKidding, it's a pretty hard isometric, I guess ""twin stick"" shooter?I dunno, I use a mouse and keyboard since the controls work better with those.Oh I said hard, but since Up-Armored I heard they tweaked it a little and they added some tutorial missions, the game is worth what it costs by a long shot, I play it every now and then because I'm not that tenacious and exit it when it gets too tough and I get obliterated by a suicide bomber."
,Recommended,274500,34687032,Posted: 2 September,all,d3m,Excellent visuals and a memorable soundtrack tied with gameplay that reminds me of Desert Strike. The levels in the campaign feel a little short but Freelance mode provides longevity. Great game.
76561198042175504,Recommended,274500,23805052,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Tristan ( S A D B O Y ),Controls are slightly strange but easy to get used to. Game overall is fantastic
76561197990374398,Recommended,274500,25344168,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,poVoq,Somehow the story could be more engaging and the difficulty curve goes up and down randomly.Still a pretty enjoyable game with a cool soundtrack. 7/10.Runs well on Linux.
76561198002534901,Recommended,274500,29374831,Posted: 20 January,all,Wiegraf Folles,"Like if Mechwarrior 3050 had all the depth of full-fledged Battletech. With a wide selection of tanks, mechs (Heavy, light, and battle suits!, and anti-grav vehicles (AG Tanks and bikes!) Brigador is a mechanized combat dream. Mastering the many different types of weapons, including their firing arcs, reload speeds, and rates of fire adds a great deal of depth to the game, and taking advantage of the overhead viewpoint to set up ambushes on enemies is always great fun.Highly recommended!Note: I found mouse and keyboard to be the best way to play, but the Steam Controller works pretty well too. DO NOT mistake this for a twin-stick shooter! It is NOT one and requires much more precision in aiming than that type of game."
,Recommended,274500,30913296,Posted: 2 April,all,Ssiissuu,"The score is amazing, full stop. An 80's nostalgia electronic sci-fi kaleidoscopic fever dream. This is one of the few games where I don't mute the music after a few hours to insert some other music.Complaints of difficult controls from other reviewers can generally be mitigated in some fashion by playing different vehicles. Many vehicles have completely different control schemes, and so in some sense it's down to the player to find a vehicle type that they prefer where weapons and controls are concerned. Customizing your vehicle for each mission is critical to your success, and there is no absolute 'right' answer. It's up to you, learn what fits your play style and use it. Experiment with different weapon and vehicle combinations, and if you're pressed for creativity the stand-alone missions will throw you into a mission preset vehicles, weapons, and pilots. The stand-alone missions can be a great way to find your next favourite loadout as you're forced to do as much as you can with often unfamiliar vehicles and weapon combinations. Take your new knowledge into the campaigns and visit entirely new levels of devastation upon your enemies.The game is a throwback to 90's isometric vehicle destruction games, though it sets itself apart in many ways. Return Fire, Desert Strike, and those sorts of games are obvious inspirations for this game, but they are not the blueprint for the game. Brigador is more like a love letter to those sorts of games, a reminder of what was fun about them, while not being a rehash of those games. If you were the sort that loved destroying everything you could in each level of Jungle Strike, or MechCommander, then this game might just be up your alley.The campaigns and missions are fairly basic with only the rudiments of objectives, the game concentrates not necessarily on strategic goals, but on the tactical style of combat. Slipping in and out of cover to exchange fire with tough foes, conducting feints to draw enemies away from an objective, flanking an entrenched defence, or using mobility and stealth to devastate the enemy . . . there are a great many play styles that are really up to the player and what they choose for vehicle and weapons.The game has a lot of lore and story, but I've frankly ignored it all in favour of dropping into campaigns or missions for a half an hour to an hour and blasting everything in a level to rubble. I keep this game installed because the game play is fun and satisfying, even in shorter bursts, and because the level of destruction can be absolutely awe inspiring when you take the time to look at what you've wrought. Everything in a level can be . . . well, leveled. Driving through an apartment block, firing a huge howitzer into a parking lot, machine gunning everything else. The collateral damage in the game is amazing and satisfying.I use to play King of the Monsters specifically to stomp all over the cities and destroy the buildings, all else was ignored. Rampage also comes to mind. Building stuff can be fun, wrecking stuff can also be great. Revel in destruction!Playing a mission in a residential area will likely see you devastate the surroundings. Ruins will be left in your wake. Lovingly crafted and detailed ruins. The missions are usually search and destroy with no real caveats where anything else in the environment is concerned. The destruction is fantastic. Wrecking everything is seldom so satisfying (Red Faction Guerilla being another great destruction based game) and it's frankly one of the reasons I keep coming back to this game. The environment isn't just a setting, it's an actor in your self-contained stories of wanton destruction. See an enemy tank a couple blocks away, nestled in a neon lit back alley, with tenement blocks all around you, in the way, hemming you in: drive through the buildings and flush the enemy out, use a penetration weapon like a rail-gun to fire through every obstacle and kill the enemy where he waits, use a mortar to lob death-from-above, zip around the streets and take pot-shots and draw him out, stealth your way up to him and park your gun into his rear, create a nearby distraction to lure him out and slip on by. You have options, and you don't need to exercise them all, find a play style that suits you and go wreck everything.Much of everything in this game is about earning cash which you use to unlock vehicles, pilots, weapons, and maps. I am not one for high scores or even achievement hunting, but the ease with which the game throws money at you negates any grind for more content, and more about enjoying the game play and discovering new fun tools of destruction. Easy to pop in for a bit and sow the seeds of destruction, laugh gleefully at how terrible of a person you are for destroying an entire city, and then set off on some other adventure.Sprite based isometric vehicle destruction. It's fun."
,Recommended,274500,34904442,Posted: 12 September,all,xthetenth,"It's a fantastic game. It's got inexplicably great lore for a mech action game, and it's got a very tight action packed gameplay loop where there's a bunch of different and fun options. Just because there's a lot of different options doesn't mean that they're necessarily easy though. There's a lot of different and interesting ways to play to a wide variety of strengths.Also it's stompy mechs and shooty tanks breaking absolutely everything in an adrenaline filled neon hellscape with a perfect accompaniment from a great soundtrack. If you want to engage with it in a technical sense or a sheer adrenaline junkie sense, there's a great way to play it for you. And yes, this does cover the intersection of the two. Just remember to pick your fights well if you like to wade in."
76561197993630200,Recommended,274500,23418245,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,CHOO CHOO,"Very well-made game. Difficult. No gimmicks. Choose vehicle, equipment, pilot, mission. Win or die. No fancy stuff, just pure gameplay with good soundscape, music and visuals. More than worth the price. Still receives dev support. Balance is wonky, but difficulty is optional."
,Recommended,274500,31391161,Posted: 27 April,all,Xon,"Really amazing game, and a dedicated dev team constantly upating and fixing issue's, a little overwhelming at first but once you learn the jist of it all, it becomes second nature. Well worth checking out!"
76561197974927580,Recommended,274500,31873119,Posted: 20 May,all,Toad,This game is a blast to play. Channel the host of smash TV as you annihilate your way through a score of enemy mechs and half a city.
76561198024923687,Recommended,274500,26292804,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,santagada,"The controls are great, the feeling is great and the mechanics and strategies in this are awesome. I have no bad things to say about this its an instant buy, specially on sale like now."
76561198209266681,Recommended,274500,31018363,Posted: 8 April,all,11dragonkid,"As soon as I started the game, the visual effect and music caught my complete attention and it's just right.The loyalists, the corvids, the spacers, doesn't matter, all of them are awesome with their own aesthetic.Each character has their own unique background with a portrait to tell the tale.Hell, each VEHICLE has their own unique story behind their appearance and doctrine.And of course, you get to shoot and destroy absolutely everything in the game with beautiful, explosions-filled, bullets zipping and laser thundering vehicular combat carnage.What the hell else do you want? Play this game, it's worth it."
,Recommended,274500,18944113,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,toaney,"Grief is a watery emotion, prone to slopping over the side of any container it occupies--and so it takes a project like Stellar Jockeys' Brigador, with gameplay that moves fluidly, to truly capture it. Though it only comprises four major areas, the levels contained are so finely crafted that it's a work worth returning to, playing again and again, and exploring within. It is a work about grief, yes, but a work wholly without self-pity, a work that urges slowly forward. It is a work about how grief ebbs eventually, with attention and time."
,Recommended,274500,18892670,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Toscio_HWS,"filled with vehicular tachtical action!Is there anyone who have felt like operating combat vehicles  by yourself while playing Mech Commander?I am that one, and this game makes the desire come true with cool visual and addictive soundtrack.This game, 'Brigador', brings you to series of vehicular combat in futuristic urban environment.You are a mercenary pilot of mechs, tanks or anti-grav crafts, and you just engage in subversive activities on the city of a colonized planet.Being more specific, Objective is eliminating a certain number of garrison, terminating all captain units, or destroying all orbital guns in the sector.After that, you will escape with your life and reward by getting to a sector gate or a evac-spaceship.The combat mechanics are simple but deep, and they are quite skill-based.[Movement and Shooting]Turret rotation and legs operation are separated (like 'Mechwarrior' or 'WoT').Operating turret by mouse, steering by [W][A][S][D] keys.When you drive anti-grav assault guns, chassis rotation is operated by lateral mouse movement, and [A][D] keys are used for strafe exceptionally.Maneuverability varies by vehicle spec..The heavier or the more robust the machine is, the lower maneuverability it has.The player vehicles carry 2 guns and 1 special equipment (smoke/EMP/optical camouflage) .Mouse Button 1 for firing gun 1, Mouse Button 2 for firing gun 2, and Mouse middle button (wheel click) for activating equipment.Guns and equipment have various ballistic specification.aiming might be felt hard cause inertia works slightly, but I like this realism.[Resource management]You have to manage health, shield, ammo, and cooling/reloading time.Health is not regenerative during a contract(series of missions), but shield energy can be refilled by enemy drops.Ammo also can be recharged by enemy drops and ammo stations located in the sector.Guns and equipment have reload/cooling time. take care of it.[Damage variety]Damage dealt varies by the status of caution (detected by foe or undetected).Also it varies by hit direction. 100% for front, 140% for side, and 200% for rear.If you sneak up behind the enemy, you can knock it down easily.[Destroyable environment]You can make your path and line of fire by smashing shacks, houses, walls, barricades, plants, and etc.[Explosive objects]You will see some explosive objects in the sector, e.g. gaspipes and ammo stations. You can utilize them as powerful weapons. In some cases, you may  suddenly kill yourself by ramming into those explosives  as well.This game is simple but still offers a many choice of tactics.It may rely on chassis spec, weapons, equipment, resources and situation(enemy position/environment).I really love those choice and making attempts."
76561198040097041,Recommended,274500,21492747,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Owando,"I really like the style! Reminds me of Crusader No Remorse and LAPD Future Cop :) Please keep up the efforts in making this game.I think others have said it but I will too:-hold r to reload at stations is kinda annoying. Could it just be proximity based?-I find the controls quite difficult. I think the combination of isometric and tank controls is really awkward.There, haven't played much but will try more later"
,Recommended,274500,28121009,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,C0mpa,Exceptionally handcrafted mecha action.Easily one the best indie games of the Year 2016.An absolute hidden gem.
76561198047293948,Recommended,274500,25166896,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Dawn's Tear,"Its a good game I am happy I got it, for a 2D game the graphics remind me of older days with the ninetendo and the giant cartridges. Its fun to play and very challenging I spent hours trying to go through the game with out so much as killing a poor pedestrian (Failed Epically) I have no faveorite vehicle they all are pretty good. its definetly worth its money, Hopefully there will be more like it, maybe even a arena with customizable parts and machines like mechwarrior mercenaries."
,Recommended,274500,32280675,Posted: 8 June,all,Doc Corb [RCL],"I sincerely think there are a lot of diamonds in the rough on steam, overlooked by the deluge of asset flips and survival games, criminally underrated and deserving of so much more..Brigador is one of those games.High skill cap yet easy to pick up gameplay combined with ungodly replayability and a heaping helping of 'aesthetic', there's not a lot about this game that will leave you wanting, unless glorious vehicular combat isn't your cuppa joe."
,Recommended,274500,28708699,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Zarkonnen,"I spent a lot of time dithering about getting this game, put off by the dark and hard to read screenshots and, uh, by the public complaining of the developer about the game's fate.The game turns out to be both fun and atmospheric. I really like the world building, the feeling that this isn't quite the usual high-gloss all-American sci-fi world.The controls are a complete pain, but this pain can be significantly reduced by going into the settings and changing them to be simpler. The only downside of this, I suspect, is that I now can't control my vehicle as effectively as intended, making the game pretty hard.All in all, I would recommend this game. Play it in a dark room on a large screen. Take your time to become proficient. Dive into its world."
76561198080252770,Recommended,274500,23416415,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,robobobr,"Enjoyable isometric shooter akin to BattleTech (Sega MD) and Future Cop L.A.P.D. (PS1).pros:- Freelance mode allows mech customization- A lot of guns to choose from- Most guns feel very good to shoot- Big maps with destructible environments- Difficulty is quite high, encounters require some thoughtcons:- story mode is meh- no saves during missions, even between maps"
76561198033836833,Recommended,274500,24986103,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Corrupted Bunny,"This is mindless destructive fun at its greatest, with a hint of tactical combat. In freelance mode, you can just mix and match any parts you want. Want something small and agile with a mortar and rocket pod? Sure. A heavy mech with a light laser and machine gun? Go for it. The campaign is slightly more limiting as your parts are set, but still is great fun and gives you a chance to test out everything. Money you earn in campaign can be used in freelance mode as well, so you lose nothing. Follow the story or rampage on your own blowing up everything in your path, its up to you."
76561197999230480,Recommended,274500,30955086,Posted: 4 April,all,R3dtail,"This game was recommended to me by a friend at work, who likened it to a sort of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ized hyper-cyberpunk MechWarrior game in the style of classic isometric vehicle games like Desert Strike or Urban Strike.While that description alone was enough to get me intensely interested, I ended up vastly more impressed than I expected.The game has a bit of a learning curve and doesn't hold your hand very much, but if you're smart, you'll switch the controls to absolute instead of relative and have a much more pick-up-and-go style of play. The soundtrack is very 1980's retro-futuristic, as are the vivid neon colors and chunky,  occasionally ridiculous vehicle designs. Each mission is generally short enough for this game to fall well into ""casual"" territory and a little slim variety of mission type, which is a little disppointing until you realize just how stupidly content-packed the game is.Pros --HUGE variety of vehicles and weapons-Vast amount of content-Awesome sound design and music-Fun and distinctive visuals-Game is so well optimized that it will likely run on a toaster oven if you tune down the resolution a bit-Surprisingly rich lore, though you really have to know where to look for it-Good price point if you enjoy this style of game and this aesthetic-You can destroy absolutely everything, which is *highly* amusingCons--Content fatigue. A lot of the missions are a little repetitious.-The game does have a bit of a learning curve in the form of unintuitive default controls.-Gameplay doesn't showcase its own *extremely* rich lore as well as it really could, instead forcing you to buy backstory tidbits with in-game currency that would almost always be spent on things like optional missions, personnel, equipment and intel instead.If you've played games like Desert Strike/Urban Strike/Jungle Strike or similar, or the old isometric BattleTech games, or if you enjoy arcade-y 'mech shoot-em-up games and like a vivid cyberpunk aesthetic, go right ahead and grab this. If you're on the fence, then at least put it in your wish list and grab it when it goes on sale."
,Recommended,274500,29132289,Posted: 8 January,all,Dawl,"Pros: Pretty good if you like the 'Strike' series of games. It plays a little like a cross between a Mechwarrior game and Nuclear Strike. The controls are kind of boxy, but that's to be expected when piloting a mecha through crowded suburban streets. Firefights are amazing, and can turn from frantic to joyful in a moment of time.Con: This game has a problem visibility considering that it has destructable structures and some structures can cause damaging explosions. Explosions from structures are far too strong, and which structure is or isn't explosive can be unclear. Double this up with the game taking place entirely at night with the colors of structures most of the time being washed out.That really isn't a dealbreaker for this game, and can be easily ignored. I'm rather disappointed that this game isn't more popular considering the nature of this game and how easy it is to pick up and play. I would say the worst part about Brigador is the fact that a youtube video had to clue me in on its existence. Not much regarding marketing at all, and word-of-mouth for this wonderful game is sparse at best. If you have twenty dollars, then it's one of the best investments on Steam at the moment that you could put it toward."
,Recommended,274500,29023319,Posted: 4 January,all,cute girl,exzellent
,Recommended,274500,29123425,Posted: 8 January,all,LVTHN,"Despite appearances, Brigador isn't a dual stick shooter - it's designed to control with mouse and keyboard, and uses tank controls for driving your mech (although you can switch to absolute if you find them too hard, I recommend giving it the time to get used to them).Brigador involves fast paced, but still tactical, combat. There are many different enemy types, with separate armaments and styles, and you have to engage in a rapid fire series of decisions of deciding who to hit, what angle to approach from, how to maneuver or position yourself to minimize the fire you take, when and how to pull back. You'll be fighting diverse clumps of a dozen (or often, even more) enemies, having to work out how you're going to beat them all. The game gives you these tools and is hard enough to require you to use them. It's very viscerally awarding, when you fight a clump of enemies and cut them all down.There's a lot of different little factors that go into how the fights play that it feelswonderful, and the game has a very high skill ceiling and easily scaled difficulty. There's the obvious choices you make when loading out for a Freelance run - Will you go light and fragile or heavy and slow? Which pilot do you want, as they set the spawn lists? - and there's also the option to turn down the game speed to up to 50% its normal pace, making the breakneck speed of the fights a little slower and giving you more room to think and breathe.The game's play modes are wide - lots of options available to you that don't take a long time to complete individually - but there's a ton of depth to the actual raw play experience. As such, whether you want a deep experience you can really dive into, or something to play for twenty minutes before work, the game can do that.Overall, I can't recommend the game enough. It's fantastic, one of my single most played games ever. There's so much here, in terms of content: dozens of vehicles, dozens of weapons, dozens of levels, and if you don't like one, you can try another, and another. I've basically beaten the game, or near enough, but I still come back again and again to play it some more, even though there's nothing left to unlock."
76561197996132641,Recommended,274500,26381623,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Happyohsohappy,"Fantastic gameplay, great enemies and mechs, awesome visuals and rad tunes."
,Recommended,274500,32156327,Posted: 3 June,all,ɥƃᴉzɐɯ∀,"Those guys in the yellow jackets that you mow down by the dozen?Those are civilians, you monster.10/10 would warcrimes again."
76561197970717133,Recommended,274500,26474289,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Onan the Barbarian,"Brigador changed my life. I have thusfar wrecked four cars trying to drive through walls and traffic jams, and would have wrecked four more if I hadn't installed mortars and cannons on them in order to mousehole my way through entire buildings. And ever since gaining this total disregard for civilian casualties, my levels of stress have dropped significantly. I have, however, grown despondent at the glaring lack of military vehicles on this planet that are the size of appartment blocks. I aim to remedy this situation by welding a number of cars on top of each other and installing artillery on the topmost vehicle."
,Recommended,274500,32849121,Posted: 27 June,all,Impulse buy from OfficeWorks,"This is a fun little game where you blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up. Nice sprites, good sound-track, and the flavour text is not bad for a videogame either.One of the game's strengths is that it is very good at accomodating many different playstyles.You can just charge in guns blazing, you can play a clever tactical game, you can even sneak around, whatever you prefer, and pretty much every level will accomodate any of these strategies."
,Recommended,274500,32572432,Posted: 19 June,all,Pronotum the Unforgiven,"I honestly can't find the correct way to describe how giddy this game gets me.So, I'll try to name just a few of the many positives without finding the right words. Otherwise this review would be a bloody book on game design and the many things Brigador has got right.All I can say is this:If you enjoy the story and setting of Battletech, you'll love the story and lore in Brigador. If you enjoy a conflicted setting where no one is truly the good guy, and there are only varying degrees of neccesary evils, and their results... You'll like the setting and lore.If you enjoy piloting a variety of vehicles from mechs, to tanks, to agavs (hovering vehicles) to a bloody tuk-tuk with cannons... You can do all of that. If you want to cause untold destruction with excessive collateral damage? You can do that. You want to be precise, stealthy and act as an assasin? Can do that, too.In general, if you want a game that you can really customize your experience to how difficult you want it, and adjust your gear to whatever playstyle you feel like playing... You should give the game a look, and if it looks interesting enough... buy it. It's worth the price.If you enjoy synthwave, with some similarity to Hotline Miami... The soundtrack won't disappoint.Also, the audiobook is a treat. A very enjoyable thing to listen to, with surprisingly well done action scenes, and overall description of all the carnage this retro-futuristic warfare can bring.In general, the game is worth a look at. And if you like the look of it... buy it. It's worth the price.It's definitely a game that doesn't go out its way to overcomplicate itself too badly.They've kept its vast variety simple, and good. Just the way it works flawlessly."
76561198011778005,Recommended,274500,32631009,Posted: 21 June,all,Captain Pricklepants,"Some days you're a brave and mighty hero, and other days you want to use a mech to commit war crimes. You gotta do what you gotta do."
,Recommended,274500,29502050,Posted: 26 January,all,[EcG] Keltair,"This game reminds me of Desert/Jungle/Urban Strike, except placed in the neon-synth atmosphere of a Blade Runner dystopian future.  Also, the action is much, much faster and more frenetic.Take contracts to overthrow the corrupt government for the good of the Company (SNC), and blast everything in sight.  Run out of ammo and scour the map for more without alerting the enemy.  Play cat and mouse with the excellent, realistic AI as you move from one mission target to another.  Get funds to unlock an enormous array of customizeable mechs, pilots, weapons, and intel for freelance missions.People who never played a game with tank controls should pay extra attention to the options and tutorials.  Pilots having extended problems with controls may find themselves in breach of contract, leading to termination by SNC."
76561198093243633,Recommended,274500,29508284,Posted: 26 January,all,Doctor Seuss,"I know the phrase ""like Dark Souls"" is overused, but I think it's fitting here. This is the Dark Souls of giant mech games. Brigador is fun to play, but hard as nails. Not for the faint of heart, but if you're willing to die a few times in order to learn the controls, it's a rip-roaring, mech-stomping good time with a superb synth soundtrack to boot."
76561198020786388,Recommended,274500,28957619,Posted: 2 January,all,dorobo,Pretty cool toy we have here. Highly recommended for every MECH fan.  Got it on winter sale. No regrets.
76561198093350917,Recommended,274500,29369767,Posted: 19 January,all,Bloodrunsclear,"I'm greatly enjoying this game! Lots of options, fantastic soundtrack and isometric destroyable environments I haven't seen in years. The controls take a little while to get used to but when you can reconcile that you need to hold down the E key to reorient yourself you can get deeply into the run-and-gun missions. There's no dialogue but there is a story and I reccomend the audio drama if you want to get deeper into it. The creators clearly have a love for science fiction, cyberpunk, 80s movies and have combined this rather uniquely with Latin America style dictatorships and the gaps of power they creae when their great leader falls. You do feel involved in urban warfare and the thousands of running figures a third the size of your vehicle complete the image of not just a gun roving around mazes but a machine of battle crashing through barriers and blasting massive towers to pieces. I found the almost pixelated look quite charming and it makes the game run fine on my less than optimal system. Support these people! I want to see what they do next with this kind of attention to detail and clear interest in storytelling, mood, and more importantly continually engaging gameplay."
76561198008593200,Recommended,274500,32653822,Posted: 22 June,all,Tres Burritos Al Pastor,"Do you miss games like Future Cop: LAPD? Nuclear/Soviet Strike? If so, Brigador is for you. The game is a beautiful and  harkens back to the isometric vehicle shooters of yore.Controls feel great once you're used to them. I haven't tried a controller but I imagine it works really well for the tank controls you'll find in the game. Destruction is beautiful and plentiful. Enemies seem varied and require variable tactics to properly overcome.Customization is huge. With a healthy amount of Mech, Tank, and Grav chasis to unlock. There are also a ton of weapons and equipment pieces  that you can buy to make a vehicle that matches the playstyle you prefer.Overall I'd definitely recommend it to anyone that enjoys the genre or just wants something quick to jump in a blow **** up in."
,Recommended,274500,32226701,Posted: 6 June,all,Monkey Kombat,"Syndicate invited Crusader: No Remorse/No Regret & Desert Strike over for a game of Battletech, but ended up having a threesome instead while listening to 80's synthwave. Almost Three decades later, Brigador was born.I honestly can't find a single thing to complain about in this criminally overlooked game. It's grainy visuals, tone, lore, completely destructive enviornments, underlying level of strategy and music (the music!) should set an example for other developers."
,Recommended,274500,29279608,Posted: 15 January,all,Ninebits,"Cool aethetic and the destructible environments are so satisfying to obliterate, but the sort of awkward control scheme may turn people off. If you're into mecha style games then definitely have this on your radar"
,Recommended,274500,32506834,Posted: 17 June,all,crono,This game stirs up something primal within me that I did not know was there and that I do not understand.
76561197999970585,Recommended,274500,32425451,Posted: 14 June,all,Sorboclese,"Its hard to describe all the feelings I have about this game. It has retro vibe that captures the feel of the early 2000's late 90's game engines. I touches on Tiberium Sun, all the while also hitting some cosmetic notes from Blood Dragon. The ambiance is nice, and harsh, and ugly. The missions are short, or sometimes long. I expected, or maybe more accuratly wanted; a story driven RPG, I got an isometic muder-stomp simulator but I wasnt disapointed. The lore was deep if you explore it. Make sure to do that, its easy to forget you have money to spend in game. There is a constant familiarity that I eventually realized was front mission, front mission for the SNES. Wow, alright. Even though its nothing alike, the vibe is there.So what the hell is Brigador? An isometric murder-shooting-stomping morally questionable game with the trappings of some cyberpunk, 90s style gritty sci-fi and a ♥♥♥♥♥in' soundtrack that is actually pretty good to work out to.I give this game 8/10: would stomp on yellow raincoats again, read the lore after I bought it, and feel a pang of heart ache for imaginary people."
,Recommended,274500,32182793,Posted: 4 June,all,Trainbike,"Simply put, Brigador is a game that knows exactly what it wants to be and executes upon that nearly flawlessly.When you first jump in you might think ""Okay, so it's an isometric shooter with a ton of destruction."" and depending on your preferences that alone might be enough to satiate you. Indeed, that core aspect does play very well. But there’s more than meets the eye here. While that is definitely the case and it definitely does deliver on that front, Brigador is also a game with a hidden depth.With a large variety of vehicles and weapons to choose from, all with their own strengths and weaknesses, Brigador offers many ways to realise that massive destruction. Do you want to run a hoverbike with shield shredding lasers and optic camo for a hit-and-run / stealthy glass cannon? Do you want to run a chemical spewing, lead wall blasting tank? How about a mech with cannons designed to snipe through cover? Choosing and tinkering with the method of obliteration is half the fun here.The campaign gives you an environment to learn the ins and outs of vehicle types, weapon types and general mechanics. Freelance mode on the other hand gives you the opportunity to tailor gameplay to your liking, choosing overall difficulty, exact vehicle loadouts (or just randomize it for funsies) and the mission you want to play.However, I will say that from what I have seen mission types are a bit lacking across both modes and can generally be put into one of two categories; blow up specified buildings, or blow up specified enemy units. There are side-objectives but again, they’re mostly just variations of those two types. Additionally, I found myself getting caught on terrain occasionally but whether that's down to the game or just my situational awareness in combat not being what it should be, I don't know.Stylistically Brigador feels very much like a mid to late 90’s sci-fi game got lost somewhere in time and ended up getting developed in the modern era by mistake. From the general aesthetic to the animations to the music, everything captures those styles perfectly and gives them a nice new coat of paint. In particular the visual style reminds me a LOT of Command and Conquer: Tiberian Sun.Much like the mechanical depth of the game the amount of lore might not immediately be apparent, but there’s a lot of world building that went into the universe. Tidbits of information are given to you in the mission briefings, which give you an idea of the interactions between factions and what life is like on the planet and individual cities. Beyond that almost everything is given a backstory available to unlock and read from a screen in the main menu. And I mean almost everything. But if you’re not the kind of person that’s into reading the history of a world, you’re not obligated to. There’s no intrusive cutscenes or anything like that so if you just want to jump in and blow stuff up with no regard for plot or setting, you’re not held back from doing so.So all in all, Brigador is a fun, explosion filled game that’s pretty easy to pick up but with enough depth to keep it engaging, despite perhaps being slightly repetitive when it comes to objectives. It’s a game that is mechanically and stylistically on point and gives the player a lot of options. Brigador feels like something that was made with a vision in mind, and a game that used its inspirations to make something new instead of something derivative."
,Recommended,274500,32791705,Posted: 25 June,all,Rad Shiba,Unlock the Hoker with dual-Donkeys and the Audio Kinetic Pulse. Thank me later.
,Recommended,274500,28107749,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Mr. Email,"You get to be Johnny Five Aces, drive a mech, blow up other mechs, and listen to some sick tunes from Makeup and Vanity Set. What more could a guy ask for? Maybe some ♥♥♥♥ing respect from my step dad Rick, but that's another issue for another time."
76561197970293432,Recommended,274500,25055334,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Abecedarius Rex,"Brigador is amazing, and definitely worth the price. I waited for it to be on sale, because I'm a cheap ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, but I would have been happy at the full $20 price tag. If you played Battletech on Sega Genesis, this is it's grandson, who went through a Rocky training montage, and came out even better than it's predecessor.THE GOOD:Visuals and Audio - I group these together because they work together very well. Despite being taking up a small portion of the screen, you feel like a powerhouse firing your cannons, howiters, rockets, and machine guns at the enemy forces, watching them and anything near them melt, crumble, and explode. It's all backed up by a 80's synth soundtrack that just works amazingly well for this hard to label aesthetic. Also, the levels are bladerunner-style gorgeous and you will enjoy purposefully or accidently blowing them up.Gameplay - It's fast and frenetic, but the best part is how varied it is. Each mission lets you pick from 4 different pilots/vehicles, and the vehicles vary by tank, hover (agrav), or mech... and each with it's own set of main, secondary, and defense weapon. Stopping there would be fine, but then there is freelance mode where you use your merc money to buy vehicles, weapons, and pilots to build your own fighting machine and take on some generic missions. Don't let the word ""generic"" fool you, it's still a lot of fun!Story - It has one, and it is written well. It left me wondering if I was really helping the good guys, which I enjoyed. It is all presented in text format, but I'm not putting tat down at a negative considering the price of the game again.THE BAD:Certain levels can be a bit frustrating as you immediately get swarmed by enemies after aggro'ing the first group. It can feel like the 4 choices of pilots/vehicles are not equal, and that there is a right choice for the mission.Also, the AI is a bit simplistic, which is a bit disappointing."
76561197996123374,Recommended,274500,26395130,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,sms7one3,"Brigador is possibly the most underrated game of all time.Personally, I'm not too familiar with games of this style - e.g., I don't even know what genre this is, exactly - so I can't easily analogize ""If you like game X, then you'll love Brigador.""  I don't know what game could fill-in that blank; this game has been a very novel experience for me.However, there are at least three things I can say with confidence about this game...1.) This game has a steep learning curve for at least the first hour.  For me, this game was somewhat ""inaccessible"" at first.  It was hard for me to learn, and it was hard for me to get into it.2.) This game is best for players who enjoy high-difficulty games in which they need to replay levels over and over before they get that satisfying buzz once they finally beat it.  I am that sort of player.3.) This game just *feels* cool.  I can't pinpoint what it is exactly, but it just feels so freaking sick.  I also love the retro aesthetic.This is a really awesome game!"
76561198014340864,Recommended,274500,30912562,Posted: 2 April,all,Tris,"Absolutely stellar soundtrack that matches the varied and highly tactical gameplay. Brigador eases you into its more challenging missions/aspects and before you know it, you'll be facing swarms of complex and diverse enemies, fighting and dying and loving every second of it. Customizing mech's/vehicles in freelance mode gives you the option to find your own play style and the tidbits of information related to weapons, vehicles and the world are presented to you as unlockable lore. Together, they begin to help you form a complete and darkly amusing awareness of the world of Solo Nobre. Top it all off with an incredible audiobook and you've got a completely realised concept for a game that will keep you entertained for ages."
76561198067341776,Recommended,274500,32258810,Posted: 7 June,all,Sir Steve Reptile,"I got this game yesterday, and honestly this is the first time in a long time where I was legitimately excited to get back to playing a game.The art style is really cool, and the gameplay shows that it wasn't rushed or made lazy. It's a good-queality game, and there aren't many like that today. If you like blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up(I do), I 10/10 recommend this game."
76561198025885314,Recommended,274500,32207681,Posted: 5 June,all,Mackinpuff,"For me a game is good if it gets you in a vibe: draws you into its world and makes you forget that you are playing a game. It lets you walk around in ludicrous settings in the most fantastic situations that you would never find yourself in in real life; like walking around in a mech stomping around carelessly, or zooming through a huge industrial lot, careful not to get spotted because you know that just a few hits will kill you; strategically and quietly trying to take out your targets. This game does that.I don't go for long runs - I don't have the time - but even after I played for only half an hour the world of Solo Nobre stuck with me, and that alone was worth the price."
76561198042369831,Recommended,274500,26442288,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Wanda ½,"Probably the best mech game since Front Mission 3. I love the insane amount of details on machines and buildings, the openness of the missions, the lore that leaves a lot to the imagination and most of all that amazing soundtrack. It's an action game but it does stealth better than some actual stealth games, sometimes it plays like an RTS with a single unit to control. It's hard to describe, just get it if you have any interest in giant robots and/or synth based musicUpdating my review to get a badge :D"
76561198013924266,Recommended,274500,26705225,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Killdozer,"What a ♥♥♥♥ing treat this game is. I don't care what you gaming preferences are, if you don't like this game, you can't call yourself a gamer. PERIOD.♥♥♥♥ing balls to the wall A Class gaming here friends. Don't miss it!"
,Recommended,274500,27635961,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Frank James,The SOUNDTRACK! The soundtrack takes this game to another level! Hats off to Makeup and Vanity set and to the devs of course!
76561198024020021,Recommended,274500,32147129,Posted: 3 June,all,Expendable Goon,There's a siege tower made out of cars10/10
,Recommended,274500,32173572,Posted: 4 June,all,Employee of the Month,commit war crimes in your big♥♥♥♥♥robot
76561197970502561,Recommended,274500,24100554,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Wowbagger,"If you like stompy robots/big tanks/floaty hovertanks, fast paced action, ludicrous amounts of murder and property damage, and a very high amount of replayability then you should definitely buy this game."
,Recommended,274500,23619401,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Canteu,"This is a quality title without question. Excellent art, a perfect engine for the task at hand (built from the ground for this game), controls which give player freedom and room for self improvement in terms of playing ability, excellent customisation, a bangin' OST and giant freaking robots. Longest run on sentence ever, but what more could you ask for? You can tell this was made with pure love, passion and talent all in equal measure."
76561197981845749,Recommended,274500,23613934,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Maag Sathgart,"Simply amazing game. This is what our computers wants to run - real games with many details, cool theme, great depth and fantastic music. No nice people telling you what your options are, only a mission and a way out with the help of an arsenal which will light up everything and everyone enemy along with the collateral damage we all appretiate!Do I recommend? Hell yeah!"
,Recommended,274500,23919853,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Antonie Pannenkoek2012,"I've owned this game for about a year, and it remains my favorite games of 2016. Everything's so well done that I can't help but recommend it to people, give it as gifts, and sing its praises at every opportunity.The Up-Armored Edition adds a brand new tutorial campaign (though it's long enough and engaging enough that it barely feels like a tutorial, especially toward the end), updated graphics, new pilots and vehicles, and some new options to help new players feel more in-control. At $20, this game is an utter steal, and I can't wait to see what the aptly named Stellar Jockeys do next.// - Original review from 2016This game owns, grab itThe tank controls are a bit weird, yes, but you get used to them soon enough (I felt competent at controlling the game about 30 minutes in). IMO it really adds to the feel of the game, you're piloting gigantic steel mechs and tanks and it should feel like it. Not enough media these days treat giant robots with the weight they deserve.The graphics are amazing. Brigador shot for a retro feel in many ways, and while they certainly nailed it on all fronts, both the art direction and the technical bits are something to behold. Loading up the game and playing it, I don't feel like I'm playing a game from 2016. I feel like I'm playing a source port or a patched version of a late-90s game. The isometric view calls to mind games like Syndicate and X-Com (and strangely enough for me, Roller Coaster Tycoon), while the per-pixel lighting effects remind me of the mid-to-late 90s brief flirtation with voxels as seen in Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri and Outcast.The atmosphere is all-consuming, the lore and writing is compelling, and I can't help but get lost in the world of Solo Nobre and its struggle. One of the reviews in the trailer put it best: ""100% pure science fiction, 100% pure video game."" I actually went out and bought the e-book from Amazon."
76561198066500556,Recommended,274500,25318130,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,newb zero,"Great game. I love the 80s theme to it, and there is a decent amount of lore. The game is a great chalenge (at least for me). It brings me back to games like Mechassault. there is a good amount of choice for pilots, vehicles, and weapons. One thing I think would be cool to see is multiplayer."
,Recommended,274500,18508664,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,That Guy,its good for what it isdont expect for there to be anything to motivate you to keep playing other than destroying cities and the inhabitants but how many games let you say F^@# you and your gazeebo space man with your guns
,Recommended,274500,24001345,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,adUmb,Gimmie that badge
,Recommended,274500,30987501,Posted: 6 April,all,llamaboy,"Steam has many twin stick shooters; many of which are good.Then there is Brigador. In every aspect, Brigador is king. When another TSS gets crowned, Brigador will be god.It is that good.Graphically, it looks like someone took Syndicate and made a table-top miniatures game out of it, played it on Grampa's model railroad table, then re-digitized it. Maps ooze detail, sometimes literally. When you blow up a building, for example, you'll often see red gibs fly out......because there were civilians in there.But that's okay, because civilians are worthless and need to die, too. We'll get to that in a bit.Every pixel counts, and it's not all just brown bleh indicitive of a Grimdark game. Neon lights, green farms, golf courses; Brigador has a pretty mixed biome for the genre. Explosions and lasers and mortars and whatever other ways you choose to rip the maps apart look great as well.Another point I need to bring up, though, is consistancy. Character portraits all look as though they are from the same artist (no weird one-off or random anime characters mixed in), and all of the other 2D art assets look like they fit into the universe. Even the goofy cameo by a Something Awful goon somehow fits.3D art assets...there are none. Which is good. Because then it would look awkward. All of the little dudes and mechs and tanks and giant moving towers with turrets made from the carcasses of Toyota Previa minivans look amazing and are meticulously animated. They look like wargaming miniatures!The music never gets tiring. It weirdly fits into the retro-futuristic, neon and cyborg-vomit aesthetic. I'd buy the soundtrack, but I've been listening to it for over 20 hours, so I don't think I need to bring it into the car. Lasers don't sound like 'pew pew!'; they sound like popping capacitors (which is more like they should sound). Only thing I can ask are of the explosions. Could be a little more impactful. But, this might be due to a more technical issue I have with the audio. Sounds (other than music) seem to either be coming from one speaker or another. This often has me panning the camera just to see if my other speaker is having issues.The universe is interesting enough to get me to buy the book just to learn more about it. There is plenty of lore to buy with earned in-game money (because knowledge costs, even if it is about your job). Think William Gibson with suicidal depression had a discussion with Trent Reznor back in the early 90's. All you need to know from here is that everyone is valuable in such a way as you get paid for civilian casualties. SPL really wants you to clean this place up. Personally, I'm cool with that.To kill off those combatants and non-combatants, you have a lot of weapons and vehicles at your disposal. From normal stuff like stompy mechs to welded together cars, things that hover and tanks that roll on trackballs, you get it all. You even get the Killdozer, which is a real thing--look it up.Plenty of weapons too, to fit anyone. Personally, I like chemical weapons that corrode things and melt people. This allows me to live out the fantasy of using them on groups of civilians without getting executed for warcrimes.And I really like launching them from a Toyota Previa.Or using dual machineguns from a Tuk-Tuk.Or stomping around in a little (reletive to map-size) powersuit and sneaking up behind massive mechs and tearing them down.I don't have any issues with the controls. Mouse and keyboard, works fine. AGRAVs take a little getting used to, and you have to get used to the difference between jumping between a tank with a turret and a mech that needs to turn to fire at a target behind it, but that comes quick. Because you die if it doesn't.So yea, play it. Difficulty is extreme, but so is the fun. $20 is pretty modest for the amount of content you get with the game. I'm 22 hours in and struggling, but enjoying the hell out of it. If you like twin-stick-shooters, cyberpunk-cool, stompy robots, tanks, floaty things, guns, and/or killing without remorese or penalty, the game is for you.tl;dr: The game is fantastic and you should play it. Can't wait for the re-launch."
,Recommended,274500,31008318,Posted: 7 April,all,advancedspuds,Very fun game.  Unique mechanics.  Cyberpunk A E S T H E T I C.
76561198295450244,Recommended,274500,34189112,Posted: 12 August,all,Ninja-SMG,"Cyberpunk, Mechs, Tanks, Hover tanks, Great Music, the 80's, if you like any of this than buy this game Now!!!"
,Recommended,274500,18507429,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,wullister,"Loving all the distructa-bits. A fun game for fans of mech and tank games, or just anyone who likes blowing stuff up. The controls feel raw and mechanical, just the way I like them. The game assets and artwork are awesome and give me the tingles. Only problem I've had with the game are some of the resolution options."
76561198020166898,Recommended,274500,26348089,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Maacbeyr,"Accidentally stomped an explosive pipeline and blew up a city block, along with myself. Got a million dollar funeral for my reckless use of heavy metal. 10/10 would blow stuff up again."
,Recommended,274500,26367677,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,OIM,isometric fast paced tactical mech combat roguelike
76561198015711075,Recommended,274500,25180292,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Faux_Grey,Now has twin-stick.Game is now fixed.Buy it.
76561198028003994,Recommended,274500,25082026,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,G52 - relyt,"Pros-Way awesome.Cons-Not multiplayer.Definitely worth the money, on sale or not. Dlc is pretty cool as well. I'd get it while it's on sale."
,Recommended,274500,23593313,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,strewth! Manboy_no_5,"This is like a simmy Desert Strike.  It's an isometric action game with very grounded controls; you steer your vehicles rather than pushing them in a direction, and while you do aim with your mouse, you have to wait for your turrets and the like to rotate to face the cursor.  Shot arcs and elevation also come into it, and momentum is imparted from your vehicle to your projectiles.  It takes a bit to get used to but it's satisfying when you get good with it.Tactical details like weak side and rear armour on vehicles, and the way the AI responds to sound gives you some fun decisions to make.  The graphics are cool; they're sprites with 3D data baked into them, allowing really detailed scenes and vehicles that support normal mapped lighting and shadows."
76561197982838194,Recommended,274500,26302240,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Doc Cunado,"Brigador's gameplay inherits from titles like Desert Strike, Future Cop: LAPD, and Mechwarrior 3050.The basic premise of letting loose giant, hulking murder-mechs and terror-tanks on city districts literally full of destructibles and enemies is cool, and the execution is absolutely magnificent."
,Recommended,274500,26359408,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,CONSUME,ALL ABOARD THE PARTY VAN!!!!
,Recommended,274500,23565832,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Kashaar,"This game is pretty amazing! It's oldschool and modern at the same time. The controls take a moment to get used to, but you'll master them quickly. The difficulty of the campaign is perhaps a bit harsh, so for me, I keep alternating between doing missions in Freelance mode to improve my (player) skills and unlock things, and the campaign mode to test out new combinations of vehicles and weapons.If you've only tried it in Early Access, give it another shot now - the sheer number of possible combinations of weapons and chassis and the gameplay variety that provides, coupled with the clever unlock progression will let me enjoy this game for months to come :-)Game is heartily recommended for everyone who loves themselves some shooty action, and/or giant stompy robots!"
,Recommended,274500,23595229,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,JaegerPony,"Excellent isometric SHMUP with graphics highly reminiscent of the MechCommander RTS games. Wonderful atmosphere, tight controls, good customizability. Definately worth a play if you're a mechhead. Give it a go!"
,Recommended,274500,23355000,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Shellnew,"10/10 Mechwarrior 3050 action.  Harkens back to an older style of isometric gameplay. Lots of customization, funny writing, and unique level design.  Fast paced and appropriate difficulty. This game has a lot of unique gameplay to offer, and the art direction and music were fantastic.  I couldn't have been more pleased and I found the playtime to be well worth the $20.  It was tough but not too hard.  I didn't feel like the levels/enemies pulled any cheap moves either.  Even after beating it, I still feel like I hadn't seen all of the weapons or tried every strategy.  It was a thoroughly refreshing experience.(This was edited to make my review a little more useful.  I originally said Mechwarrior 2, that was a typo)"
,Recommended,274500,23401910,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Brototype,"Pre-absolved War Crimes Simulator 2016, includes such scenarios as:Killdozer vs Suburbia♥♥♥♥♥torm Survival (may or may not in fact be EVERY scenario)Assassination in a refugee camp using an Acid Gas Tank ShotgunFeatures include:Tuk-tuksBRRRRRRRRRRTInverted unlock strengthI have shotguns for handsBRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRTBacking into that same gas station repeatedlyTrying to count just how many dead cars that Corvid talltank is made ofBRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRTSummoning gigantic ♥♥♥♥♥torms:https://giant.gfycat.com/AdoredSnappyBeardeddragon.webm""Memes have tricked you into hating a primary color"" - People avoiding the Touro by any means necessary because of expectations drilled in by games in generalBRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRTupdate: NEW FEATURES includeTHE AUDITORWHY ARE THERE SO MANY HARVESTERSRELEASE THE PARTY VANS! + NO FUN ALLOWED!OH MY GOD WHY IS IT SO BRIGHT IS THAT THE SUN WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥Johnny Five Aces and his exceptionally difficult-to-read profile"
76561198166620870,Recommended,274500,24783659,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,DontBlink +_- UrDead,One of my favorite single-player indies this year. Mechs shooting mechs fun and stomping on innocent un-armed civillians because you're not the good guy. Catered to 90's gamers from the golden age of gaming.Controller support and a sale price coming August 13th!
76561198071878145,Recommended,274500,24449764,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Davio,"I like this game,PROS:-You can choose your weapons and mech type,-You can blow up everything-You can run out of ammo after having blown up everything-You can be huge or tinyCONS:-The controls do take a sec to get used to but you shouldn't let that stop you-The maps seem to repeat way more then I would like. After having played as much as I have there just isn't anything more for me to do beside play the same levels over and over. I wish more time would have been put into having more variety in the maps and less into the mechs themselves. I found the combination I like and now have nothing to do with it.-Long and boring or instant death...(this is also a pro) Even with my heavy mech you have to be safe as if you set off an alarm you can easily become overwhelmed and die in about 30 seconds after 45 minutes of play. This forced me to play kill 3-5 guys at a time which can become a slog and after I killed everything I then have to walk the whole length of the map back to the exit taking 5 min....so so so boring.That's about it. I would suggest it if you like mech type games. I enjoyed my time with it and felt that I got my $$$ worth. I just wish it was a little more...but that is a sign of a good game for me as I want to keep playing it..."
,Recommended,274500,23979660,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Osmosisch ~*Delicate Gamers*~,I love this! Takes me way back to playing games like Jungle Strike on the Megadrive.
76561198085516442,Recommended,274500,30043423,Posted: 19 February,all,BBQ_brewcrew,"Excellent retro isometric gameplay, along with a 80's retro newwave synth soundtrack, dark and vibrant blade runnerish visuals and plently of extensive lore bits and scifi tropes, Brigador is a must play for sci fi fans and mech enthusist alike. Furthermore constant updates and new content as well vast array of vechicles, pilots and weapons insures replay value. Grinding for new levels and pilots can be taxing at times and the game's difficulty can be discouraging, especially for casual gamers, however the risk/reward system the game presents compisates for this, provided the player is skilled enough and can establish a proper strategy that can compliment a vechicle loadout. For an action game at heart, Brigador yields a surpising amount of depth and challenge that demands the players full attention and will prove satifactory for any player that does.Also you can get a cool disco lazer that shoots super fast and goes pewpewpewpew pewpewpewpewpewpewpew pewpewpewpewpewpewpewpewpewpewpewpewpewpewpewpewpewpewpewpewpewpewpew. It's super rad"
,Recommended,274500,23463471,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Flanle,"I really enjoy this game.I can't quite put my finger on what makes this game cool. The gameplay is easy to pick up and makes sense. The lack of dialouge gives it an old school feel. Lots of replay: each mission can be completed with each vehicle. The sound track is awesome. Overall, the general atmosphere of this game just makes me feel... cool."
,Recommended,274500,28685563,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,☂ メカCowThing,"Very fun game. There's a wide selection of mechs, tanks, and hovering vehicles to pilot. Levels are fully destructible. Levels can't just be brute forced, you'll have to use some strategy to get around. The game's aesthetic is nice as well.I didn't like the controls at first, but the game does offer various control schemes and rebindable keys, so I was able to fix this quickly.I would recommend this for anyone who likes mechs and tanks, or anyone who likes lots of explosions."
,Recommended,274500,24998867,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,steltek,"You can't ask more from an isometric mech game.  I'm actually surprised how little is actually known about this game.  More people should know about this game.  More people should play it.  More people should experience the wonders of this game.  It's fun!  You can select different kinds of vehicles, even mechs!  Blow things up.  BLOW MORE THINGS UP!  Do yourself a favor and just buy this game right now.  It's not that much....  Totally worth it.  Trust me.  I'm not lying this time."
76561198041486606,Recommended,274500,25014999,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Count Proximo,"Fantastic game. It's perfect for those who love mechs and blowing up everything. The pros significantly outweigh the cons (in fact there's only one con, in my opinion), but I'll list them anyway:PROSGameplay is challenging yet fast paced, so if you fall you can immediately get back up and try again. You are rewarded for victory, and even slightly rewarded for failure, so even the most pathetic attempt at a map will net you some monies to buy the next awesome mech.There is a significantly larger variety of vehicles and customization options than I thought there would be. There are three types of vehicles (mechs, tanks and anti-gravs), but each type has several faction variants with unique loadout options. The variety of weapons is nothing to scoff at, either.Controls, once mastered, add a layer of complexity to gameplay. Shooting, for example, requires more than just aiming in a given direction - weapons shoot in an arc, so not only must you shoot in the right direction, but you must also aim the end of the arc as close to the enemy as possible to actually hit them. An interesting mechanic for sure.The art style is very unique, colorful and smooth. I particularly enjoy the pilots' portraits for some reason.The soundtrack is incredible. The 80's gritty synth tracks are very entertaining to listen to, so much so that you might be tempted to up and buy the OST, as I am.CONSI enjoy reading up on the lore of a new game, and this game is chock full of it. However, the lore entries and even in-game text seem a bit scatterbrained. It's hard to explain - it's as if the game's copy were written by someone who is very proficient in English but does not speak it natively. There is some very intersting word choice and sentence structure that makes some codex entries difficult to read. But this is just me being nit-picky, so don't worry about it.Overall, this is an excellent game. This game was recently featured in an article about how even quality games can flop on Steam, so I hope that by giving it a positive review I can help give it a little more exposure. Great job, devs!"
76561197974770053,Recommended,274500,25247462,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Big Shooter,"Gameplay is absolutely top notch. Great game at a good price. Lots of variance in play styles, lots of fun stuff to unlock along with great graphics and sound. Seriously you have to see the game in action to understand just how good it looks."
76561198025298967,Recommended,274500,25588666,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Zygomorphe,"The soundtrack, the gameplay, the music and the lore, all of it contribue to make Brigador a memorable experience and, in my opinion, one of the best games of 2016."
,Recommended,274500,25674065,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,heretic,"Great game, fun gameplay, the mechs and environments are really well detailed (and fully destructible) and the soundtrack is amazing!I'm about 3/4 through the campaign and on that alone I recommend this game, have not even tried the freelance mode.Each level of the campaign can be played with 4 different mechs, which I guess is like difficulty levels as some mechs are less suited to certain encounters but this is where you need to play to the absolute extent of your mech's strengths.Bought a copy for my brother as this is really an underappreciated gem going by the review count... if you like what you see in the trailers go for it you won't be disappointed!"
76561198040145109,Recommended,274500,25681080,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,RichardEpsilonHughes,"Brigador is a game of positioning and timing. Using your weapons platform, which may fly, crawl, or walk, you must defeat your unreasonable opposition by taking advantage of your superior knowledge of the battlefield and reshaping that battlefield through strategic demolition of cover. This is a game of rocket tag - concentrated weapons fire can eradicate all but the sturdiest of vehicles in a handful of seconds, so you must ensure you get the first and last shot by attacking from surprise. It does this excellently.The game is not flawless - the control scheme is not intuitive. It is not particularly difficult, but it takes getting used to. Your viewpoint is isometric, but your vehicle is facing in a specific direction and it's up to you to ensure it's pointing the right direction. The game will require you to split your attention between where you're aiming, and where you are, often while both of those are changing very rapidly. If you can master multitasking between your own movement and your own aiming, you'll be a much stronger player.Edit: Since this review was first published, an additional difficulty customization was added. The speed of time in the game can be slowed as low as 50% of normal speed. This allows you to develop a sense of the game at a more managable pace. It can be adjusted up and down in-mission in the menu.The game's writing is excellent. The story of Solo Nobre is communicated through mission briefings, and through optional lore you can purchase from the in-game store you use to buy new pilots, vehicles, and weapons. This lore includes the contract that your Brigador signs with the Solo Nobre Concern which employs you, information on the culture of Solo Nobre, and briefings on the technology of the setting written by other characters who appear in the narrative. It's a small slice of the setting, not an expansive narrative, but it's presented potently.Edit: Since this review was first published, some additional material was added to the game. Some of it is satirical or jokey, and does not fit with the rest of the narrative, but this material is not subtle about it and it's clear that it's a joke, so it doesn't really undermine the setting so much as sit next to it wearing a funny hat.Solo Nobre must fall, Brigador."
,Recommended,274500,25682016,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Kobra Kommander,Just what I have been looking for before Battletech comes out.What a sleeper!
76561198160393896,Recommended,274500,25683251,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,[HSOWA] Trashmaster,Easily one of my favorite games at the moment.  The freelance mode has me hooked.  Definitely play the campaign first to get a feel for all the weapons and vehicles.  Really good stuff.
,Recommended,274500,25763014,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Agent KI7KO,Very fun. The only thing missing is possibly some kind of survival/defend mode and multiplayer.
76561198032012793,Recommended,274500,29324981,Posted: 17 January,all,Ambaire,"Ever play Future Cop or Nuclear Strike? This game is a blast from the past bringing that sweet, sweet tank control style goodness to a modern isometric fully 3d game. Small tanks or mechs can zip under monorail overpasses whereas the Treehouse (a literal wall of cars with a car turret on top) has to ram its way through. And the weapons are incredibly varied and there is so much lore and backstory on everything...Highly recommended. I wish I'd bought this months ago."
,Recommended,274500,32143686,Posted: 2 June,all,Delrue of Detroit,It's like you're playing a mod for an RTS where you get to control a single unit. That RTS is from a parallel universe where Maxis and Westwood made a game together. John Carpenter is hanging out.ORIt's like Crusader: No Remorse with the camera pulled waaaaaay back.
,Recommended,274500,26470269,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Factualvermin,"I gotta say that this is the most satifying isometric shoot 'em ups I've ever played and not only that; one of the best mech games I've ever played. Anyone not using the tank controls is doing themselves a diservice because every time I load up it puts me right into the zone. Right at the helm of a mighty war machine ready to bring six kinds of hellfire down on my foes. When I'm piloting a grav I'm rocketing around like an ice puck on crack face hugging my enemy doing seven doughnuts around them while pouring death into their hulls, or juking around buildings pinball style. The game is style and substince and you can feel the passion the devs put into it.This game isFantastic, End of discussion.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EOw7s0dN5HA&feature=youtu.be"
,Recommended,274500,27249022,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,HungryMan187,"one of the most stylish games i've ever played, tight controls, tough combat, great look and feel. worth it."
,Recommended,274500,28273959,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Juicy Thunder Liker,"A solid civilian-stomping simulator. You can shoot mechs and tanks too, I guess."
76561198009341087,Recommended,274500,28232739,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Avarre,"Great little game very reminiscent of that old Battletech game on the Sega Genesis. Just add in beatifully complex and expansive enviornments (which are totally and gleefully destroyable), an awesome soundtrack, tons vehicles to use, and a bunch of fairly unique weapons to play with. Everything from railguns that punch through entire city blocks, autocannons, howitzers, chemical weapons, lasers of all shapes and sizes, and plenty of other stuff that screams ""warcrime."" In Freelance mode (aka best mode), you're able to pick a vehicle and slap on whatever it's hardpoints can handle. Tons of fun. Ontop of that, the game has a surprising amount of lore to dig into if you so desire (it's totally optional). Many of the weapons have a fair bit of reality behind them. Lorentz force weapons, caseless ammunition, superposed load weapons, all kinds of goodies. There are lore entries on the vehicles and how they fit into the world. It's surprisingly well fleshed out.A WORD OF WARNING: the controls will likely take you some time to get comfortable with. I've died multiple times to accidentally running into fuel refineries or other ""energetic"" terrain early on. And believe me when I say it's frustrating. It's like an insta-kill landmine for many vehicles. The crux of the problem is basically... pushing up will not make you go up. W is accelerate and S is reverse. A and D turn you. Tank controls, basically. The mechs handle the same way. A-gravs are witchcraft and I cannot pilot them. A-gravs float and will always point to the cursor, with W and S moving towards and away from the cursor respectively. A and D strafe relative to the cursor. So if the cursor is below your agrav, the controls are basically reversed. D would move you left on the screen. It makes my brain hemorrage and my a-grav crash into gas stations. As far as I know there isn't a way to alter this stuff either. So if tank controls aren't your thing, you might wanna reconsider. 'Cause you're gonna have to get pretty good with them. ie: reversing your tank backwards through the wavy maze you carved out of the inner city while you kite some lumbering death machine. Your vehicle's armor is strongest in front, so you'll be doing quite a bit of fancy reverse work.tl;dr - if you can handle the controls and the initial difficulty, the game is a smorgasbord of tactical mayhem and destruction with a mountain of variety to play with in Freelance mode. Happy hunting, Brigador."
76561198064138863,Recommended,274500,28383150,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Derk of the Dead,"Brigador is an amazing breath of fresh air in a saturated market of increasingly similarly feeling games. It is probably the best, most accurate representation of one man versus an army and the best top-down isometric game I've ever played. TL;DR at bottom ->While I loved the difficulty I can see how it could be off putting at first. You can choose your difficulty but not in the traditional way. Picking a pilot with a higher or lower max difficulty, choosing a stronger or weaker vehicle and then a longer or shorter operation (how manyand what levels you want to play) all make the game easier or harder and affect your payout. Even if you choose an easier pilot and powerful vehicle this game demands a LOT of situational awareness and a fair amount of thought before you act. Learning what vehicle and weapon set ups  complement each other is important. Part of it is also the controls. The default controls are relative to your vehicles hull and not to the screen as most top-down isometric games are but If you can get used to this movement I feel it adds to the games depth. If not there is a ""tank"" style control option.The sheer number of vehicles and weapons means nearly anyone can find a combination that they will find fun, suits their play style, or fits the challenge they've set for themselves. The vehicles vary wildly from tiny tread bikes to fortress-like tanks. Hovering fighter planes to floating school buses with a battleship gun, and last but not least mechs from basicaly a suit of armor to four story tall doom machines. The guns are just as crazy, machine guns, tank caliber shotguns, and gas cannister launchers to name a few. At the time of this review there are 52 vehicles, 40 weapons and 4 specials and the devs have added more than a few of those after exiting early access including new pilots.The style of everything and the music work so well together to set the tone of a retro, somewhat dystopian future and as an added bonus, despite a rather simple premise of ""pick killing machine, destroy all enemies"" there is an unusualy deep lore to Brigador. If you read the descriptions to the numerous pilots, vehicles, weapons and the info and lore available for purchase ingame the world really begins to come to life.-> It is very hard for me to find any faults with Brigador. The feel, the difficulty, and the variety of it all makes for a very satisfying game. The attention to every detail from difficulty to balance the atmoshphere and lore is amazing. The ONLY thing I feel is missing is multiplayer content or even just co-op but, honestly, it doesn't need it and that would just add a lot of unnecessary work. If you're thinking the price is too much for a simple 2d game, all I can say is its not as simple as it looks and the amount of work that went into and continues to go into this game makes it worth every penny of the $20 price tag. You wont be disappointed.P.S. This is the first review I've ever written. This game is THAT good. Normally dont feel a need to write a review but this game and its devs need more appreciation."
76561197964345217,Recommended,274500,28459752,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,WarmGun,"I'm really enjoying this. It reminds me of the old mechwarrior series, in a good way.ProsHuge amount of content. Lots of different combinations possible, and they all change the play style to a certain degree.Great randomiser for freeplay missions. It doesn't randomise the map (except for enemy positions), but it gives you different pilot/mech/weapon combo. You never quite know what you're going to get...Good tutorial.Campaign is great so far (I like the fact it keeps track for each vehicle type).Looks great.Runs smoothly.Great thumping sound track and SFX.They really nailed the feeling of piloting a powerful vehicle.ConsI would like to see some more progression for the freestyle type of play. Don't get me wrong, the unlocking system is great, but some more playing stats/records for pilot/vehicle/weapon combinations would be awesome. The hard bit about this is that you get money for general destruction. Perhaps leave that out of the best run records for each type."
76561197971089934,Recommended,274500,32556961,Posted: 18 June,all,*A-B* *StAtiC*9*,Great indie game from a company that hopefully has earned the captial to make some more! Keep it up guys!
76561198005278852,Recommended,274500,23492764,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,[OMC]One Man Clan,"Brigador is a niche game, aimed at ceratin types of player. If you're not the target audience then you won't get much out of the game, but if you are then you're in for a treat. If I had to describe Brigador's game dynamic in one sentence it would be this: It's a game that allows you to revel in mindless destruction but rewards you for deeper tactical thinking.On the surface the game is pretty straight forward: a twin stick shooter where you pilot a warmachine in a city full of hostiles with the goal of ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥up. However the core mechanics go deeper than the label ""twin stick shooter""implies. For one thing there are three controllable vehicle types: mechs, tanks and hover-tanks (agravs) each with different control schemes and inherent abilities. Tanks work the way you'd expect, mechs can crouch down to lower their profile as well as perform a melee stomp action while agravs can fly over low obstacles and side strafe but have no independently tracking turret. Height is an important factor as well; if you're using a big mech or a tower tank your weapons fire from on high and can draw line of sight over shorter pieces of cover, on the flip side it becomes harder to target small units as they get closer to you.The use of terrain is important too. Almost all the maps are a variation on a congested future cityscape. The terrain is dense but also destructible. All vehicles have the ability to destroy terrain just by driving into it so navigating the various walled off sections of the map is not a problem. Wrecking the terrain is also a satisfying activity, however certain terrain pieces will explode when destroyed, killing you in one hit if you're next to them, or wiping out your shield and reducing you to a sliver of health if you're lucky. Learning which terrain pieces are explosive has to be done by trial and error.But the terrain is more than just something there for you to destroy. Smart use of terrain can provide cover against powerful enemies or be used to funnel swarms of enemies into a choke point. On harder difficulties taking advantage of terrain is essential to survivial.The game comes with two modes: Campaign and Freelance. The campaign can be seen as an assortment of tutorial and challenge missions that familiarise you with the gameplay and sometimes offers an interesting challenge. With the exception of the first few tutorial missions each campign mission lets you choose from a preset group of four pilots and their vehicles. This can be roughly interpretted as a difficulty level. You see not all the pilots or vehicles are equal. You want an easier time then choose the one with the heaviest vehicle and the biggest guns. If you want something harder then try the same mission using the guy with the dinky little treadbike. Completionists will want to finish each level using all four characters but for the rest of us completing the mission with only one is sufficient to advance the campaign.Freelance mode is where you'll sink countless hours in. Here you can pick a pilot and vehicle with a customisable loadout to undertake an operation. An operation is series of missions across different sectors in the game's fictional city of Solo Nobre. Each mission follows the same format: There are three primary objectives: Destroy all the anti-orbital cannons, kill all the leader units or wipe out the majority of the local enemy forces. You need only complete one to advance to the next mission but if you complete them all the rewards will be higher. Complete every mission in the operation without dying and you will be rewarded with money that you can use to purchase more vehicles, weapons, pilots and more challenging operations. However if you die at any point (even right at the end) you will only get a tiny reward.Freelance mode really lets you tailor the experience to your liking. I was surprised to find that all the lighter units in the game cost more to unlock than the heavier ones. Then I realised it was not because they were better, it was because they were more challenging to play.  Pilots determine how difficult the enemies get. Some pilots fix the enemies at a ceratain level while others start the difficulty low and cause it to ramp up as the operation progresses. This really goes a long way to tailoring the play experience. If you want an easy game choose a low level pilot, a big heavy vehicle and a short operation, but if you want a serious challenge, take on a long operation with a tiny powersuit. The hardest operation is something called the ""Closed Casket Special""; It's 39 missions long and with no possibility for an early exit. I have no idea how the devs expect anyone to do that thing in a mongoose or troubadour.My favourite part of the setting is the world setting and lore. Now the game tells you very little up front. You are a corporate mercenary on the backwater colony of Solo Novo tasked with carrying out missions the completion of which will aid the corporation in securing control of the colony. If you just want to play the game it will not trouble you with anything more than that, but if you look into the lore documents and pilot bios you will uncover the story of desperate people trapped on a♥♥♥♥♥♥hole of a planet between an evil mega corporation and a tyranical dictatorship. The three factions have a lot of personality and it shows in their vehicle designs. The Loyalists are the remnents of the local military and their units are tough and functional, the Corvids are a bunch of scrappy freedom fighters that ride into battle on improvised vehicles with oversized weapon mounts, The Spacers are arrogant offworlders that have the best technology and as a result their units have more powerful shields. The art style does a good job of conveying all of this while still looking ""öld school"". On a side note if you enjoy the backstory and want more I recommend getting the audio book. The writing is decent and it makes for an entertaining (if somewhat formulaic) war story. The book ends on a cliff hanger and is apparently only part one. I hope the rest comes out soon and not as paid DLC.Now for the thing everybody critisises the game about: the controls and interface. The game goes to admirable lengths to make sure all the information you need is displayed in as elegant a way as possible however it's still hard to gauge exactly where a shot will land from the isometric perspective. This is esspecially annoyng since the game asks you to take height into account.  You learn to compensate for the perspective but sometimes I still have trobule using precision weapons in dense terrain.The controls are hard to get your head around, or rather your muscle memory around since they are ""tank""controls rather than ""cardinal"" controls. Pressing forward makes your vehicle move in the direction it's facing instead of up. This means you need to think about steering your vehicle and I just can't focus on tracking targets AND manoevering at the same time. Many times I've been shooting at an enemy and evading only to find that I crashed into a wall and got focussed down by mooks while I was focussed on shooting the big guys. This gets even more wonky when you're strafing with an agrav since pressing left will make it strafe to it's left not your left, effectively inverting the controls if you're facing down. As it stands I don't bother with agravs on higher difficulty levels. I mainly have to rely more on tactical positioning rather than raw twitch skill to win a fight. This is not game breaking per say, Brigador doesn't quite have bullet hell levels of incoming fire but if you get caught in a swarm of enemies the controls make weaving between them awkaward. One could argue that Brigador is meant to be a more tactical and methodical experience rather than a twich based one but I'd say your mileage may vary.tl/dr: Fun game, cool setting, great difficulty customisation, but controls are a bit wonky"
,Recommended,274500,27006797,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Danforth,Very satisfied with the exit package provided by the Solo Nobre Concern. Would highly recommend pursuing contractual opportunites on Solo Nobre with this Company if you thrive under pressure and don't mind getting your hands dirty.- A ContractorN.B. Please remember that SNC does not provide any sort of compensation for death and/or dismemberment.
,Recommended,274500,30909490,Posted: 2 April,all,Darksmiter,"This game is wonderful. Dirty neon cyberpunk style and a great soundtrack. The lore and missions really build a complex world to take part in (and destroy). There are tons of options on how you to play the game with different weapons, vehicles, and pilots. This quickly became one of my most favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,274500,26417452,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Pessimal,This game is good I really like it. Atmosphere reminds me of the old syndicate games. Sometimes it's hard but it's the fun kind of hard. My only regret is not buying it before the sale
,Recommended,274500,29098504,Posted: 7 January,all,An Atheist Jew,"An excellent 3/4 isometric shooter that harkens back to the Sega Genesis Battletech game. If you played that, this will give you a huge nostalgia rush. If you haven't played that, grab an emulator and play it. Then come back and play this.That said, the game is extremely light on story content, in that, there's basically none of it. No voice acting, no storyline, just text and descriptive info. ""You are a mercenary. There are some guys we want dead in this place for some reason. Go and make them dead."" Then you're dropped into the stage.Gameplay is quick-paced and challenging but very fun, with almost everything in the game being a destructible object. There are hundreds of possible combinations of vehicle chassis and weapons/special ability, and after you finish the main ""campaign"", you'll have a bunch of money to spend on unlocking content for the freelance missions, if you're into that.This team deserves money. Buy this."
,Recommended,274500,23405595,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,heffa,"Very nice arcade game ""for adults"", no oversimplified controls, the heavy mecha feel is there. Great graphics, awesome soundtrack. Follow the campaign to get into the game, the other options confused me a bit at first."
,Recommended,274500,32212753,Posted: 5 June,all,dr.doomsday,"Fun little game with an awesome soundtrack and premise. Blast to the past arcade mech game play.Pros:Great weight to the action - feel like you're stomping around in giant mech or floating along on an antigrav motor bikeLots of customization options - loads of vehicles and weapons, and you can change the feel of the game drastically by changing game speedGraphics - tons of character in the vehicle sprites and pilot portraitsGameplay - smooth as silk isometric actionCons:Short main campaign - if you don't like freelance mode you won't get as much out of this gameRepetitive enemies - while there are a lot of enemy types model wise, there's not a lot of character to them so they feel very interchangeableAwkward mechanics - some weapons and equipment feel a bit poorly implemented - no indication on what buildings explode, weird momentum mechanic for arcing weapons, no ability to change facing in absolute controls, but most are minor complaintsIf you're a fan of arcade action, I would definitely give this game a try."
76561198003666316,Recommended,274500,32373303,Posted: 12 June,all,Greadle,The game has an absolutely fantasty soundtrack and the visuals are gorgeous as well! Go get this gem! :-)
,Recommended,274500,23406931,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Headless Body of Agnew,Very enjoyable game to play with a mixture of stealth and action. I love the aesthetic in general and the attention to detail puts it over the top. Soundtrack is great too.
,Recommended,274500,32215699,Posted: 6 June,all,lachlan 'big rig' diesel,super sick game. only complaint is some of the standalone missions don't have enough yellowcoats running around for after i've killed all the baddies.
76561197970493276,Recommended,274500,32386751,Posted: 13 June,all,Skagzilla,"Damn good isometric mech game!3 types of mechs (and tonnes of subclasses), huge range of weapons and enemies, great thumping cyberpunk soundtrack, destructible environment and awesome neon visuals!A real gem of a game."
,Recommended,274500,29089000,Posted: 7 January,all,Super Speth,"Playing this game is as satisfying as watching those 1000 degree knife videos on youtube.The gameplay reminds me of Bedlam, a similar game from 20 years ago or so. I don't understand why people complain about the controls, they were pretty intuitive and effective. You have a lot of weapons and things to unlock.I can see myself getting tired of it eventually, because it's after all a primitivist game that rewards mouse dexterity and knowledge of the weapons more than actual strategy, there isn't such a huge variety in things to do in the game, but I'll definitely be playing it for a few months."
,Recommended,274500,29090681,Posted: 7 January,all,Seisen,The game I've been waiting for:Brigador is the spiritual successor of MechWarrior (for the SNES) and LAPD Future Cop.  At a glance it would seem to be a simple shooter but the thrilling gameplay and retro visuals combined with a soundtrack full of synthwave music proves Brigador will satisfy anyone looking for a nostalgic but refined take on over-head mech combat.I recommend both the game and the soundtrack.Pros:EverythingCons:No Multiplater =[
,Recommended,274500,33272055,Posted: 5 July,all,zogingu,"very tight & visceral core gameplay, shooting and smashing is lots of fun on its own, and the game still does a good job keeping you on your toes and thinking about your situation. it has some really tight lore (and the audiobook is a major highlight) but there isn't much narrative interest outside of the unlockable lore entries, so you're really kind of going from arena to arena (with a modest variety of objectives) for the whole game."
76561198036356575,Recommended,274500,29256581,Posted: 14 January,all,CrazyJay,"The user tags tell the story here, ladies and gentlemen. ""Rogue-Like"", ""Mechs"", ""Tanks"", ""Destruction."" Brigador is the definition of old-school gaming from its very core mechanics. This game involves simply infiltrating a sector and annihilating the living hell out of everything you see. The key with this game is its plethera of play styles. There are close to a hundred vehicles and even more weapons that can be interchanged to match your ideal super action playstyle.The main reason I wanted to post this was the main complaint featured in the negative comments about this game: the controls. Many of the mechs in this game feature TANK CONTROLS which is very different than the standard WASD, left moves left, etc. control scheme. With tank controls, forward moves you straight where your vehicle is aiming while A and D turn the mech left and right instead of strafing. These controls are hard to figure out at first but are quick to get used to.That's all I wanted to say! For more info look at some other POSITIVE reviews that tell the full story."
,Recommended,274500,32389358,Posted: 13 June,all,Jupiter,"Enjoyable, destructive, diverse and content-rich good value for money with great replayability and gameplay. The artstyle drew me in initially and I was pleasantly surprised by the fun I am getting out of the game and am continuing to do so."
,Recommended,274500,32423596,Posted: 14 June,all,|TOM| Mægh†y-Muƒƒins©,"This game scratches that itch I've had since the Desert Strike games. Except it has a great soundtrack and it's all about the mechs. All kinds of mechs, really.Yeah, it's a little on the tough side. But IT. IS. AWESOME.If you love pew pew, and exploding little purples with a stomp... this game is for you - sir, or madame."
,Recommended,274500,32529122,Posted: 18 June,all,The Average Gamer,"Welcome Brigador!!!Brigador is a EXTREAMLLY FUN Game that I picked up about a Year ago, Due to technical limitaions of my old PC I couldnt play it, so a year later I Built a new PC and now it runs smoothly as ever!! The game is amazing, Lots of Vehicles, Tanks, HoverCraft, MECHS!!!, and even lil Mech suits like the Battle Armor from the BattleTech Universe. It has the perfect Combined arms feeling when fighting opponents as youll face infantry, tanks, and even other mechs. Pretty much, The enemy has what you have or can have :DIts also just fun to sit back and blow everything in site into a small pile of rubble.Freelancer is bacically your own little brigade against Solo Norbe. Just you versus a whole lotta them. You have to buy new weapons, vehicles, pilots, and even missions which is a nice twist on things!All in all I give Brigadore 13/10!"
,Recommended,274500,33430299,Posted: 10 July,all,Debus,"This is a totally great game.Three massive points about it:1.) You can completely customise the difficulty. Want to destroy everything with a giant mech with overpowered weapons? You can do that. Or you can take a medium mech and have to be more tactical. Or you can take a tiny antigrav tank and zip around. Or you can fight in a paper armoured battle suit. It's incredibly customisable.2.)  The combat is simple, but incredibly fun. You only have 2 weapons and a special ability, but the massive amount of different weapon types means that every single round can play differently.3.) Incredible value for money. For a single player game, you can sink hours and hours into it. Reminds me of the game FTL in that way, where you can just keep playing for ages. The difference is that this isn't a randomly generated campaign, you actually have a whole scripted campaign and another mode called Freelance that you can work through. With all the options, you could get a hundred hours out of this game easy.Overall, a true gem of a game, obviously made by people who cared about it. Great background music, great ""lore"" that you can unlock, and if you buy the special edition you also get all the music and an audiobook to listen to as well.Really, really good game, and incredibly value for money."
76561197967096215,Recommended,274500,29147467,Posted: 9 January,all,Biffmotron,"Brigador is the best Action Stealth New Retro Wave Isometric Mecha Warcrimes game around.Okay, that's a really specific genre, but what this is is finely tuned thinking man's action game. Take one of dozens of mechs, tanks, or hovercraft, load them up with cannons, lasers, machine guns, rockets, and nerve gas mortars, and stomp your way through massive neon-lit levels, killing everything in your path.  Big vehicles carry big guns, but big guns are loud and big vehicles make big slow targets.  Do you roll in heavy with a Treehouse and dual 140mm cannons, or dart in quick with a Roper with Donkey pointblank recoilless rifle and Bully laser?  There's lot of replayability, with a 20+ mission campaign with four vehicles per mission, and a freelance mode that lets you choose your own loadout, map, and mission.The writing in this game is a sheer joy. Solo Nobre is a bleak cyberpunk setting with a wicked sense of humor, and everything has a few paragraphs of hilarious IC text.  Same with the neon cityscapes that you wreck.No lie, this game is not easy.  Controls are fast and precise and take some time to master.  Expect to die a lot, in a hail of bullets and lasers when you trigger a giant pod of enemy spacers and get stuck on some rubble, or when you accidentally walk through an explosive pipeline. But stick with it, and you'll find a surprisingly deep game that rewards mastery and mutliple playing styles."
76561197989884627,Recommended,274500,29173820,Posted: 10 January,all,Scabrous,"Warcrime simulator 2016. About an hour to learn the controls, remember there's an option to slow the game down it'll make your life easier while you're learning."
76561198111625024,Recommended,274500,29257002,Posted: 14 January,all,Android_Fodder,"Brigador review by Travis CraneBrigador is a fascinatingly complex game. Once you wrap your head around the controls, it feels great.  An isoMECHtric camera angle blends the fun of an old school shooter with strategic maneuvers. There's two primary game modes in Brigador, campaign and freelance.  The campaign introduces you to the concepts of the game. Pick a mech/vehicle, slap guns on, and go destroy. Going more in depth there are several different vehicles all with pros and cons. Tank like vehicles and some bipedal mechs use tank controls, it might feel strange at first. There's also free controlling vehicles that give it more of a twin stick vibe.In the campaign you choose a mission and one of five pre-selected mechs. The missions themselves don't vary too much. It's more the loudout you pick that has an effect on completing the same objective in a different way. The selected mechs make it less of an undertaking. It's easy to jump in and see what works for you. Completing four missions unlocks four more and so on. It also nets you money that can be spent in the games more customizable mode, freelance.Every loadout has a primary, secondary, and special weapon with a cooldown. Your primary and secondary take ammo that can be gathered at support stations or off dead enemies. There are several different types including gaiting guns, lasers, and cannons. Each one with an ammo cap and specific stats rate of fire, power, etc.  The special weapons are reserved for a more tactical approach. Smoke can obscure a group of enemies view allowing you to light them up, or active camo to sneak up on your targets before they raise an alarm. Depending on what kind of vehicle your using you have either a bull rush or stomp to get through any pesy buildings in your way.Freelance mode is where you'll spend currency from your campaign. Every aspect is customizable in freelance mode. Your pilot determines the min/max amount of difficulty on missions. The base of your vehicle for how you want it to control. And of course primary, secondary, and special weapons. Even the missions cost currency to unlock. Thankfully the campaign is very generous with money, as well as being replayable.  Freelance modes missions work much like the campaigns, but it has a heavy focus on how to approach them that keeps things interesting.Brigador is not an easy game by any means.  Most of my time was spent with a mouse and keyboard.  It does have game pad support, but I found the precision of a mouse kept me alive a little longer. Another thing that did make things a little easy to understand was game speed. The game speed option in the menu is incredible for just understanding movement patterns. I found a comfort zone around 75 and slowly bumped it up. Just to clarify, everything in the game slows down including you.The soundtrack has a heart throbbing 80's synth vibe. It's probably one of my favorite OST's. It's great and making you feel relaxed, but then intense if things start to go bad.  Brigador is a great package, but don't expect a cake walk."
,Recommended,274500,32237627,Posted: 7 June,all,Sacheverell,"I didn't know how much I needed this game in my life, best random find in a long time. :D"
,Recommended,274500,27208753,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mettil,"Throw back to isometric vehicle games like Desert Strike.  Huge variety of weapons, vehicles, and pilots to mix and match.  Good variety of levels with varied layouts, hazards, enemies, and detail.  It's all wrapped up in a nice cyberpunk package.Only thing that might bother some people are the poor weapon descriptions.  There is some trial and error in firguring out how some weapons work, but there is a good tutorial that explains basic game concepts and tactics."
,Recommended,274500,32751602,Posted: 24 June,all,priestofb,do you like piloting giant robots with chainguns that are capable of making spaghetti sauce out of the populace? HAVE I GOT THE GAME FOR YOU!
76561197994429165,Recommended,274500,29016677,Posted: 4 January,all,Duffman,"It's tough, and the controls are sometimes frustrating, but it's a great game. Somewhere between Desert Strike and Cannon Fodder, with a mint soundtrack."
,Recommended,274500,29877681,Posted: 12 February,all,Satyagrahi Zetto,"The game's dark screenshots are deceptive. That and the isometric view makes it look not all too engaging, but its gameplay is addictive on the level of Hotline Miami. (The soundtrack is of the same high caliber too)  Still a bit dark, but then again cyberpunk aesthetics are supposed to be dark, and this game is very much in the tradition of cyberpunk.Brigador is a twin stick shooter of sorts that feels closest in my mind to Hotline Miami, so I'll be making some comparisons here and there to maybe give a better idea of the gameplay if you've played those games. Campaign mode comprises of stages, and the story of revolution in the streets of Solo Nobre is told through text dumps on the mission select scenes. You can select a variety of mechs with different weapons and abilities and proceed to destroy. A lot. Leave nothing unblemished by the foot (Or treads if you prefer that) of your revolutionary death machine. At the end of each mission there is of course a scoreboard of sorts that shows how much damage you have caused... for the cause. There is also a free play mode and there seems to be a lot of unlockable mechs and missions to give you something to do after you complete the campaign mode. The game I would say is aiming for the kind of arcade replayability.The game has a punishing level of difficulty, and you will die a lot. Sometimes it feels as though the controls are sometimes at fault for some of the deaths you'll receive. The mechs function with tank controls, being able to move backwards while facing forwards for example, and aiming is done via the mouse. This is initially difficult to get used to, and I still feel as though the aiming doesn't feel as accurate as it should be, but eventually you'll get the hang of it. There are also various options to fine tune the control and change how it handles, but I've mostly settled on the default controls.Unlike Hotline Miami, the action is much more slower. You definitely do feel as though you are controlling a mech, and debris and buildings will impede your movement and firing. There's definitely an expectation of strategic thinking and even stealth to be had, as blindly rushing in guns blazing will oftentimes lead towards a quick death by swarms of multiple enemy mechs. Depending on your loadout, your mech can aim far, and I think it's better to take out enemies from afar than from up close, though if you feel confident enough, you certainly can just try to crush your enemies like they were buildings (There are mechs that specialize in up close assaults)Positioning also matters a lot. Attacking from behind or from the side does more damage than a full frontal assault, and of course this applies to your mech as well. Of course, there are plenty of nice buildings that can serve as impromptu cover for your mech. Your ammo is also finite, and care should be taken before unloading it all lest you find yourself out of ammo with a group of loyalist mechs hot on your tail, though you can find recharge stations and occasional enemy drops.  All this coupled up makes for a rather neat style of combat that feels like there can be something like on the fly strategic thinking to be had in your assaults.The music for this game is all synthwave stuff by Makeup & Vanity Set, someone I haven't heard of prior to this game but just from this game, is someone I should listen to more.The music fits the cyberpunk mecha destruction going on pretty well. The soundtrack DLC is definitely something you should pick up if you like synthwave, and it comes with 32 tracks and an audiobook which I have not heard at this time, but is apparently good from what other people are saying, and the fact that they offer an audiobook should tell you something about how the devs care about the story in this game.I haven't finished this game yet, but I can feel confident in recommending this game for anyone who likes mech combat games with a dark gritty cyberpunk aesthetic coupled with great synth tunes."
,Recommended,274500,29213476,Posted: 12 January,all,Hub3rtu2,"Getting really tactical and operator with the robots, and tanks, and hovering robotsFully destructible environment, which actually matters.Lots of different mechs, tanks and weapons to choose from, some causing massive erections and leveling cities - at once.Tailoring difficulty to your liking, with higher difficulties offering higher payout.Once you get around the basics, like which buildings blow up (very important) and which robots ♥♥♥♥ you up the hardest or are able to outright one-shot you (expect many ragequits over this and ninja suicide bombers), the game becomes highly addictive and replayable with custom kinda-randomized missions.Aiming especially feels so damn good once you master it, just landing those artillery shots, oh boy, or equipping double BRRRT Gatling guns - the gun sounds and sounds in general are also really great.Game being tactical focused doesn't mean there aren't situations where you just hold both triggers and pray for your life or desperately try to hide with the cloak ability. But usually you should stray away from alerting huge groups of enemies, of which there are plenty on a map, a big plus.One thing that grinds my gears is the music, I expected more of an industrial or maybe even some metal soundtrack, I mean, what's more metal than creating cover out of your enemies' husks and stomping over innocent civilians? Maybe I just got tired of the synthwave schtick in every indie game, but it really didn't strike me as fitting here. Though you can just play your own, so it's not that big of a deal.GOTY 2016"
,Recommended,274500,32355392,Posted: 11 June,all,4Horsemen,Brigador is amazing. Worth way more than the $20 they are charging. Tons of content and customization without getting grindy or repetitive. Get it.
,Recommended,274500,32832615,Posted: 26 June,all,Ketchup Boy 666,I like the robot
76561197998622318,Recommended,274500,33209898,Posted: 3 July,all,Emperor Pigmetheus Porklyn,I've been playing this since release and it was a fun game back then.It is still a fun game.So what are you doing reading reviews? Go blow things up.
76561198000282363,Recommended,274500,33428892,Posted: 10 July,all,Mr. Ambiguous,This game rules!!
,Recommended,274500,29004429,Posted: 4 January,all,Leonard McCoy,The best mechwarrior shooter in ages with an awesome soundtrack as icing on the cake.Best played in small bursts.
76561197962174252,Recommended,274500,29878575,Posted: 12 February,all,Falsemind,"Do you like to blow things up? Do you like succeeding only off your skills and wits? Do you like floating vans with huge god damn guns?!Go buy Brigador! This extremely high quality game has two primary play modes: In the campaign, you pick missions and one of fourprebuilt vehicles, making each run somethig between a high intensity shooting game and a puzzle. Sometimes, vehicles seem useless in missions, forcing you to open your mind to new playstyles and techniques. In freelance mode, you get to pick whatever pilot, vehicle, equipment and missions you want to embark on, taking a marathon approach and rewarding high difficulties with rediculous payouts.+Very exciting gunplay and vehicle movement+Complex, fully destructible environments full of hazards to abuse for advantages+Amazing soundtrack+Great lore and storytelling+Huge variety in weapons, vehicles and pilots to customize playstyle+Fun AI that varies based on vehicle type and reacts to noise, visual confirmation, alarms and terrain.-Difficult controls that also vary depending on vehicle type+Every vehicle, as a result, feels unique-Freelance mode requires money to use properly (though income is easy to produce)-You will die a lotThis game has been exceptionally good to me. Give it time to learn it's controls and you will not regret this purchase."
76561197999946174,Recommended,274500,32400357,Posted: 13 June,all,EGUN! [RoB],"Kickass tunes, kick♥♥♥♥♥mech combatthis game is just kick♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197990201480,Recommended,274500,32487585,Posted: 16 June,all,LAMBORGHiNi LEGLOCK,"I quickly fell in love with the gameplay an the mechanics. Destroying things have never been so satistfying (and oh so rewarding). Everything inside the playable area is destructible in some way. Laying waste to properties, committing war crimes with various vehicles is totally awesome.I want to disagree on complaints made about the maneuvrability and/or controls of the mecha suit and the tank being a little quirky or a ♥♥♥♥♥ to handle (AGRAV being the easiest one to control). Flanking has it's purpose or in some cases shielding or going stealthy to outflank your enemies has it's purpose. The game has its charm and makes you switch up your play style in different campaign scenarios or freelance missions - or play any way you see fit with whatever suits you. All the rigs available have different stats and there is plenty of fun to be had.What I enjoyed is the setting. The whole retro/cyberpunk theme in a dystopian planet somewhere in the future plus the general lore is awesome. The overall replayability of this game is high, so there's always a chance to return to the game if you get tired of playing it for a while.The music will get tiresome after a while, and is lacking a bit in that department for my taste. If it had something like Hotline Miami had music wise with the hard-hitting beats on each level, that would have spiced up the game a little extra.Also theres a lack of higher difficulty settings and sometimes it can get a bit tedious if you have a standard setup that you enjoy.Overall, this is an awesome game. 5/7"
,Recommended,274500,32617584,Posted: 21 June,all,Malificarr,"Amazingly satisfying destruction with a great atmosphere. I feel like I'm in the early 1990s again, in a good way."
76561198030853973,Recommended,274500,29600418,Posted: 30 January,all,Island Ed,"waited so long for a game like this.if u liked future cop lapd back in the days u gonna love this, so far i do and the more i play the more so.its a 9/10 near perfect game. only a bigger budget could make it ""complete"".hope more wil come.BIG THANKS to the Devs"
76561198020559024,Recommended,274500,29868166,Posted: 12 February,all,C-Trouble,"""GREAT LEADER HAS FALLEN.LIBERATE SOLO NOBRE. TONIGHT.BY ANY MEANS NECESSARY.""One of the greatestGrunge-Punk Freeform Destructive Stealth Vehicle Combat game things ive ever played.The game is fantasticThe audiobook is grippingThe universe is immersiveIf you like Akira, Warhammer, Judge Dredd, Battletech. 80's Cartoons, War Stories, or just scifi in generalYou owe it to yourself to pick up Brigador.A violent, hectic romp of a game coupled with one of the most engaging Scifi universes we've gotten in decades."
,Recommended,274500,32227996,Posted: 6 June,all,Yhoozername,Do you like big robots?Do you like stomping on things while in big robots?Do you like turning towns into swiss cheese while in big robots?Do you like listening to synthwave while stomping on things and turning towns into swiss cheese while in big robots?If you've answered yes to all the questions then you should probably pick this game up.
76561198043787241,Recommended,274500,32300926,Posted: 9 June,all,Disqus,Flawless
,Recommended,274500,32726153,Posted: 24 June,all,Conflykt,"By God, this game is mint. I think it might be the old-school iso view, might be the sprites, might be the fact that you play as a bad guy. And not even a ""Sort of bad guy with redeeming qualities"" type, but a full-on mass-murdering, civilian-slaying psychopath piloting a large, heavily armed vehicle.It doesn't have a huge amount in the way of story, but for replayability and the feeling of being a badass, it's hard to beat - especially if you unlock Precursor James, and then you've got the in-game backstory to reinforce it.10/10 would raze a city to the ground again."
,Recommended,274500,33156078,Posted: 2 July,all,ExistentialistWerewolf,"Solid game. Great theming and gameplay, variety of mechs to play and experiment with."
,Recommended,274500,27701012,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Raydude85,"A great visual style depicting a surprisingly colorful dark and dystopic future, accompanied by an excellent atmospheric soundtrack. The challenging gameplay means this game won't be for everyone, but if the game ""clicks"" for you, you are going to have an absolute blast shooting and stomping your way through the games destructible environments."
,Recommended,274500,27590272,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Phillip Weedmore Coughman,It owns just buy it
,Recommended,274500,28112943,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,M'Hael,"This is a great game, what is not to love about isometric mech combat taking place on a distant human colony that is in a state of upheaval?  There is  definitely a learning curve when it comes to mastering the controls for piloting the vehicles, aiming the different weapons, and what strategies to use with different equipment loadouts, but that is part of what makes it so rewarding.  I am just shy of 20 hours in and feel like I have a fairly solid mastery of piloting the mechs, and I have barely made a dent in becoming proficent at piloting tanks and AGRAVS.The soundtrack for this game is absolutely superb and together with wonderful gameplay makes it a complete package.If you have looked at some of the gameplay and thought for even an instance that this game might be up your alley...you won't be dissappointed.  Just know that getting a handle on the controls is going to take a few missions and you are going to fail missions numerous times, that wont't stop you from having fun though...Just nut up.  This game really rekindled my love of pc gaming, it is the type of game I had been missing for so long."
,Recommended,274500,28108401,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,julius.cook,"OK, this is a fun game.  There are tons of things to unlock, and the campaign mode coaxes you to try out all of the different types of mechs.  They handle very differently and force you to think about how to approach the level in order to maximize your strengths.  Firing arcs are always displayed as a red or blue line for your primary and secondary weapons, and the completely destructible environments are a ton of fun.  Each run earns you money to spend on unlocking things, and there is a ton to unlock.The story is non existent, but you're there to blow up a bunch of stuff in some banana republic, right?  That's really about as much narrative as you'll get in game.  There's unlockable lore, but since it costs cash, who would buy that instead of a new mech?The controls are a little clunky, but it's actually easy to get used to as long as you use the keyboard/mouse.  If you ever played RC Pro Am or one of those weird EA games where you fly a helicopter from the 90s, you should be able to jump right into the game.  I played the tutorial portion on my steam controller and it was awful.The soundtrack is epic.  The game has a neon 80s grime look to it, and the soundtrack is all pulsing synths evoking the same era.I see a lot of playability and fun in a relatively cheap package.  Would recommend to anyone that likes mechs, 80s synth lines, or isometric shooters."
76561198013489529,Recommended,274500,27597499,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Void_Incarnate,"This is the Mechwarrior game I've always wanted, except it's called Brigador, and it's even more fun than the lumbering mechs of the Mechwarrior franchise.Brigador demands the perfect balance of tactics and frantic button mashing that makes it accessible and challenging at the same time. TIP: Experimennt with the control schemes until you find one that suits your playstyle.Now excuse me while I go stomp some enemy mechs into the ground."
,Recommended,274500,27630158,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,noman,"I'm only 2 hours into the game, but I love it already. The play style is remeniscent of Battletech/MechWarrior back on Genesis/SNES. It also reminds me of the strike games, especially Soviet Strike. This isometric style tactical combat and resource management game is something I have missed in recent years. So it's great to see the genre come back with awesome graphics, a kick♥♥♥♥♥art style, an intriguing back story, and a sick sountrack to top it off."
,Recommended,274500,28066081,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,soundtea,"Amazing good looking pre-rendered sprites, loads of customization options suitable for any style of play, and fights that can have the odds turn at the blink of an eye if you so much as make one mistake. Plus the godly OST helps.Wholeheartedly recommend grabbing this game if you're a mech fan."
,Recommended,274500,27384039,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rocky.,The best war crime simulator of 2016.
,Recommended,274500,32140952,Posted: 2 June,all,GalleyFox,"With the full update turning Brigador into Brigador: Up-Armored Edition I figured now would be a good time to voice my opinion on this diamond in the rough.Immediately the soundtrack caught my attention even before I'd played the game, it's a crackin' synthwave eargasm from start to finish by Makeup and Vanity Set and if nothing else deserves a listen.  Everything sounds good overall; clunking metal footsteps of mecha, chainguns ripping through concrete and the ever delightful sound of a heavy cannon connecting with steel.With a surprisingly indepth lore, solid controls, good vehicle and equipment variety I'd say take a look.  It's not often you find an immersive mecha title these days afterall.GREAT LEADER IS DEADSOLO NOBRE MUST FALL"
,Recommended,274500,30176631,Posted: 25 February,all,ISIS Toddler,"Great game, it's the kind of game you come back to over and over."
76561198145795066,Recommended,274500,32185663,Posted: 4 June,all,Ylla,"If you liked Desert Strike... Let’s face it very few people played Desert Strike, you don’t get the reference, even I didn’t played it, I played Nuclear Strike on PSone instead.Anyway Brigador is NOT a twinstick shooter, it’s a strategic vehicle shooter, and with this last update revamping the tutorial and new playable vehicles you might be confused as to where to start, and that’s the point of this review:So go to the options menu and set the controller mode to Relative, also set the gamespeed to 100 if you’re using M&K or 80 if you’re using a controller.Relative controls are the way the game is meant to be played; like you would expect a mech or tank to control except the perspective is isometric, but you’ll get used to that in no time.Then start the campaign, the new tutorial is a bit “slow” mostly because there’s a lot of stuff to learn, after that the campaign ramps up in difficulty quite fast (I’m looking at you level 12).Aside of that there’s a Freelance mode which is the rouge-like mode: You unlock pilots, vehicles, weapons and some sort of mini campaigns, the easiest pilots are a good way to practice, so pay attention to their difficulty multipliers before you buy a very hard one and get melted at the beginning of the mission.SOME TIPS: Remember you can hold ‘E’ to turn in the direction your mouse is aiming, it makes navigation much faster when you’re not in combat. It’s also useful if you want to be sure you’re not exposing your rear as a tank since your front is always more armored (as a mech; hold shift to crouch instead). And I mean this: crouching as a mech and always showing your front to the enemy as a tank makes a huge difference in the harder difficulties. Also don’t forget to use your abilities, and ramming/stomping.What else is there to say? The graphics are amazing, the lightning is like nothing you’ve seen on a 2D game, the vehicle designs are top notch, the soundtrack is genuinely memorable and the lore is cryptic and reminds me of Syndicate. It’s not just “look at me I have neon and synthesizers!!” Actual love and craftsmanship has been put into this game."
,Recommended,274500,32184325,Posted: 4 June,all,iotarex,"Absolutley fantastic in every way imaginable! Stellar Jokeys have managed to create a world so teeming with texture and quality that it makes the possibility of any real-world distopian dictatorship almost an exciting prospect. I origanally heard about the game from the artist who put together the incredible soundtrack, Makeup and Vanity Set, and my god did he do a fantastic job with it! All in all an unforgetable title that I wholeheartedly recommend."
76561198059299820,Recommended,274500,32185002,Posted: 4 June,all,KonstantStompa,"A gorgeous gritty retro-futuristic aesthetic, a cracking 80's style synth soundtrack and lots of replay value once you get into the freelance operations. I like the lore too, you pick up bits here and there through reading various bits of intel/info (which is one of my favourite ways of finding out about a setting). The controls may take awhile to grasp but once it clicks movement feels satisfying and varied... a light Agrav feels very different to a hulking ultra mech. The devs have stuck with the game since the original launch and have just re-launched it with some additons and improvements and they are going to add even more vehicles over the next few months.All in all it's a really fun game thats had a lot of hard work and love put into it, if you think you might like it just buy it, you won't regret it.Also shout out to the devs for such a wicked game, I look forward to seeing more games from you in the future (hopefully in the same setting as brigador since its so awesome!)"
,Recommended,274500,23713106,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Ligthert,"Long story short: You control a variaty of vehicles and their two weapons against a barrage of hostile units happy to kill you. Deploy a large variaty of tactics to avoid them or take them down. And this all in an isometric view with gorgeaus visuals accomanied by an excellent 80s synth soundtrack or an awesome audiobook. This beautifull game is hard as a coffin nail, and I like it ( a lot )."
,Recommended,274500,26279192,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,eFTy,"Well worth the price, especially on sale. It combines fun gameplay with great atmosphere and a gorgeous soundtrack. Replayability is nigh-infinite. The devs are active (they just added more content to the game, for free) and responsive to player feedback, they even added new control options for those ♥♥♥♥♥ing about relative tank controls, after initially being determined to not do so (interestingly enough, once you play a few games with the default controls, absolute directionals feel much less intuitive than relative controls).I wholeheartedly recommend this game."
,Recommended,274500,26741572,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Fisherman Joe,"Great Leader Is Dead.And it's you and your mech to blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up.Why? I don't know, I don't really care. You get to blow things up in a mech. Tank controls and tactical blow up combat... It's not an easy game to walkthrough but remains fun, not frustrating."
76561197994850282,Recommended,274500,23637205,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Electronic Old Men,"It's a mech game about going on a rampage, with sweet techno music.  Take the time to learn the controls, and you'll find this one's something special."
,Recommended,274500,23655521,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Dakhoward,"5 Reasons you should get this:1.) Lots of customization and fun upgrades system.2.) YOU CAN DESTROY EVERYTHING. (Except extraction ships.)3.) Challenging. Not easy, but fair. And you'll love it.4.) Light but interesting story that you can easily dig into not only in the game but also from the book and audio book made by the developers.5.) Great KB&M controls.(I know some say the controls are bad, but in my opinion they are just fine. The controls are a bit different to get used to but the devs have made it easy to get used to them through updated tutorials. I only had difficulty with them for the first 30 minutes of playing.)Great game if you love challenging and brutal (but fair) gameplay with a great sound track and perfect 80's neon aesthetic."
,Recommended,274500,23913858,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Squidface,"Five hours in, and I love this damn game, no matter how much I suck at it."
,Recommended,274500,23926654,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,xyretire,"This is a very fun game. Lots of explosions and mayhem and carnage and oops I just blew myself up by stomping my mech over a gas station. Some campaign missions are very creative (looking at you Joy Bus/Hell Ride) and all extremely fun. It feels very fair, in that when I die I know I definitely screwed up (although it's not always immediately apparent to myself what I did).Don't let the controls get you down. They seem wonky at first but there are great things to be done with the ability to control your facing and move around independently with the tank style controls."
,Recommended,274500,23623967,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,jorfik,"You can drive a Killdozer.The core gameplay of Brigador is deceptively simple, it's an isometric vehicular combat game in which you win by shooting at stuff until it dies or explodes. The controls take a while to get accustomed to (I say this as someone that plays World of Tanks), but it's worth it.As you play you'll learn the mechanics, earn credits, purchase awesome new things and figure out how many ways you can achieve the singular goal of blowing stuff up.The fully destructible environments provide loads of tactical choices, the weapons are a bit crazy and have tons of variation, multiple different vehicle classes provide different gameplay challenges and there's tons of missions to play though.Also it has to be said that the graphics are gorgeous. How do they the lighting? I haven't a clue but it's fantastic for a 2D, sprite based game. The vehicle design is something awesome.If I'm honest I'm sick of 2D, low-fi indie games with mediocre art so seeing something this well executed and with so much love and craft invested in it is a breath of fresh air."
,Recommended,274500,26252999,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Radical,"If you are at all a fan of mech games, twin-sticks or kickass synthwave music, you need this game in your life."
,Recommended,274500,35430903,Posted: 2 October,all,Cyka McBlyat,"If you liked Desert/Jungle Strike on the Genesis you'll be right at home here, that's all I really need to say"
,Recommended,274500,30234467,Posted: 27 February,all,PaleShakta,Isometric realtime stompytank action where everything is destructible and you get points for destructibling.
76561198022415153,Recommended,274500,30657323,Posted: 21 March,all,invaderzim48,You can't be oppressed if you aren't alive to be oppressed.
76561197969052240,Recommended,274500,32580936,Posted: 19 June,all,heffafar,i hate this game but for all the right reasons
76561198063035069,Recommended,274500,33905846,Posted: 30 July,all,ian_goddard,Best Mech Game on PCYou guys deserve to have some many more copies of this soldbreath of fresh air not like anything else on SteamWell worth the asking...so much depth and charmAll you need to do now is remake Phantom Crash for PC and maybe then you'll make your millions
,Recommended,274500,34120702,Posted: 9 August,all,Trithemius|,"Fun, complex, vehicular combat game with a great soundtrack and some really great story/setting notes embedded in the intelligence briefing menu. Definitely play some."
,Recommended,274500,34067374,Posted: 6 August,all,Mortis,Really stellar game. Reminds me of Syndicate: isometric cyberpunk environments with total operational freedom. Strong sense of scale and weight to the vehicles and destruction. Great dark synthwave soundtrack. Lots of playstyle variation to be found in different mech loadouts; complete control over aspects of difficulty in freelance mode. I think I'll be busy with Brigador for a while.
76561198073406815,Recommended,274500,33687933,Posted: 20 July,all,Rockageddon,"The trailer dossn't do it justice, this is a solid game to the core. Future Cop L.A.P.D.'s love child with Rampage.Just a damn good game. My only Wish for it is a Workshop, it would be amazing to play custom levels made by other payers."
76561197979948240,Recommended,274500,25191096,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Sunn brO))),"If you want to pilot a mech the size of a skyscraper that can crush houses beneath its feet and level city blocks with its weapons, then get this game."
76561197992174881,Recommended,274500,24520083,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,EliCat,"TL;DR Buy it, you won't regret it.Bought this at full price on Steam, and worth it. I love the game. Every single thing about it, except the movement controls. Just can't get used to it :/ Not that they're bad though. A and D make you circle left and right, instead of strafing.Perfect game otherwise, fully destructible environment, nice aiming mouse controls, simple but awesome graphics, settings can be adjusted to any kind of system.I could just copy the game description on the store page. The devs don't lie or exaggerate. In short, this is one of those PC gaming jewels that are a must have. It doesn't cost much, so if you're interested, stop doubting and just get it :)"
76561198002803366,Recommended,274500,28617784,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Aribar,An absolutely amazing and atmospheric experience.
,Recommended,274500,33115565,Posted: 1 July,all,VitiminV,Amazingly pure top down mech/tank/hover-tank smash 'em up.
,Recommended,274500,32945276,Posted: 28 June,all,octocron,"Buy it for the soundtrack, stay for the desert strike like gameplay."
76561198005386045,Recommended,274500,31007077,Posted: 7 April,all,Gaardian,"This game is fantastic.Scifi retro new wave settingMechs, tanks, anti-grav vehiclesScifi retro new wave musicTons of gunsTons of loreCampaign"
76561198015742007,Recommended,274500,30988353,Posted: 6 April,all,vaughan.w.stephenson,This game is so crunchy.
76561198056902770,Recommended,274500,29425361,Posted: 22 January,all,Lios,Get used to the movementGet used to the aiming systemGet used to die for the most stupid mistakeAnd this game becomes a blast
,Recommended,274500,30186567,Posted: 25 February,all,Anime Nightmares,This game is great and you should buy it.
,Recommended,274500,23557952,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,autoexec.batman,"Play in any variety of modes - stealthy, powerful, fast, slow, hybrid - and the intensity is always there. The game is tough, but that doesn't mean you'll never get to see all the of the great stuff the game has to offer. You get a powerful set of items right off the bat. There's a short learning curve, but the game is pretty easy to learn and extremely difficult to master, with hundreds of thousands of possible loadouts to use.Oh, and the soundrack is really kickin'!"
76561197994642268,Recommended,274500,23600830,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Winterfist,"Brigador lets you play in a fully destructable environment, allows you to commit some serious destruction, in one of over 40 vehicles, from main battle tanks, to hover craft, to mechs, and battle suits. 3 factions provide style differences from the tried and true tech of the loyalists, to the shield heavy high tech spacers, and the.. did they built a 4 story tall tank out of a pile of cars with a minivan for a turret style of the corvids. Gameplay is fun, you will die if you just rush in, but winning when you are outnumbered 40 to 1 because you used aparment blocks as cover that left half the city leveled just feels great. Buy this game."
76561198006392678,Recommended,274500,23606433,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Plissken,A Tangerine Dream / BATTLETECH Sega Genesis lovechild. Sensational in every way. Long live Retrowave!
,Recommended,274500,25981217,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,H⋀FH'DЯN,"Were you a fan of Alien Shooter? Do you like BIG STOMPY MECHS and endless virtual carnage? Have you ever dreamt of hopping in a tank and rolling through downtown, dropping Howitzer shells on anything with a pulse (and most things without one as well)?Great, buy this goddamn game."
76561198079070148,Recommended,274500,24607507,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,GrindZombie,"My impressions:- Stompy mech combat that is a perfect balance between arcadey and tactical. The game pace is snappy and combat is fluid, but so far hasn't been relentless or overwhelming.- Battles are intense with lots of variety catering to different play styles. Scrappy engagements punctuate maneuvering and objective-hunting.-Not really sure what to think about the “plot” (backstory may be a better term?). There's a lot there, but it seems a little fractured- not sure if that's on purpose or not. I am having trouble following along- it's confusing and a little dry for my taste, but that's okay because the actual game is fun enough that I don't need a justification for blowing everything up.- The tank controls are awkward at first, but I think it translates nicely into how you would expect a giant mech to move. They definitely add to the unpredictability of the combat (in a good way). Surprisingly, I feel I have been my most graceful when I stop thinking about movement and just let my fingers do their thing. Trust me, if you do it too, you'll suddenly stop stomping around in circles after about 15 minutes. Just get through the tutorials- the real learning happens in the first few missions!- Is Brigador worth $20? IMO Brigador offers enough content, variety, balance, and polish to justify the asking price.- Great effort by the dev team! There's no reason why this game shouldn't be a Steam indie favorite.- Happy stomping!!"
76561198067184719,Recommended,274500,24654883,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Manny Pardo,Makeup and Vanity set did the soundtrack. Perfect game.
,Recommended,274500,30916991,Posted: 2 April,all,Kai Tave,A heavy rain fallsExplosions shatter mansionsA contract fulfilledSirens sing their songShields flicker like shooting starsfalling to the earthA minor setbackWhite clouds melt flesh and metalWelcome Brigador
76561198038419992,Recommended,274500,23589131,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Jables,The engine looks good.The soundtrack is amazing.Mech's are varied and cool.You should buy it.
,Recommended,274500,18507049,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Samurai Jack TH,"Brigador is the game i've always wanted.. the atmosphere, the controlling system, the soundtrack, everything! this is one of the most intriguing early access games i've ever played."
,Recommended,274500,23913634,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Dear Princess Celestia,Ran out of ammo so I rammed an orbital gun only to find out they explode. A+ would ram again.
,Recommended,274500,23781414,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,✞ |-|3££ioT [] |2.!.P. ✞,Best music and best isometric mech action game.1980s music.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iu4HhtpDApE&feature=youtu.be
76561198097852575,Recommended,274500,21511443,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,asarnelle,"Brigador is a fun game. The developers seem like cool people and have communicated well with the community throughout development. They keep making updates to the game and adding features.Pros:Awesome soundtrack (by Makeup and Vanity Set)Completely destructive environmentsRandom enemies (replayability)Player is able to choose between objectives to complete mission (replayability)Beautiful art styleCheap price tagCons:Difficulty seems a bit hard (but I'm not the best gamer)Home screen and weapon screen seems blandNo real ""story"""
,Recommended,274500,24624273,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Xelos,Syndicate meets Mech Warrior meets Hotline Miami.I'd still recommend Brigador but without cooperative and pvp options it is missing something.
,Recommended,274500,23354622,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Timbrewolf,The sequel to the Strike series I've been waiting the last 22 years for.Now you get to pilot a mech and kill Space Saddam.
76561198012785995,Recommended,274500,25017870,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,timmyw,"I never knew I needed this game until I played it!!. It's a huge amount of fun to play, and the art style & stunning synth soundtrack suck you right in."
,Recommended,274500,19036846,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Spencer,"Even in the current state, an amazing game. Great fun for 20minutes a session if you just want a quick game, or longer if you feel for it.Really looking forward to all that is in store for the game in the future."
76561198073648775,Recommended,274500,30963220,Posted: 5 April,all,Suma,"This is not a full review, but my first thoughts and a heads up for OS X users.FIRST OF ALL... ALL GAMERS SHOULD BUY THIS AWESOME GAME!!!So far this game is completely awesome! Just the attention to detail and amount of options in the menus will tell you that this game is of AAA quality!  Everything from the UI's to the level designs look to be designed with much love!  Everything is described in full detail.  There may only be 21 missions, but there are free-play and endless modes that will keep you busy for many, many enjoyable hours of total mech destruction!You can grind levels if you want more cash to purchase the many pilots, mechs, etc.  There are a LOT to choose from and money comes quick, so gameplay is not boring at all!  The dev's have done a superb job making this feel a bit retro, with a grand futuristic feel as well!  A game done right for gamers that love mech games.  A MUST buy for mech lovers! It's easily one of the best mech games I have played and harkens back to the Mech Warrior days! Many KUDOS to the dev's!!!Graphics are very nice and sounds that match gameplay to the tee!  The game runs silky smooth and is optimized very well.  Explosions and sounds never once paused the game or had any weird glitches.  So far this is a solid and polished game!Keyboard and mouse controls work best for me, as a gamepad was a little frustrating to use.  You could get used to it I guess.  Being a mech game, you walk & turn your lower body with one set of controls, and turn your upper body and aim up & down, left & right with another set of controls.  This works great with the keyboard and mouse, but it's hard using a gamepad to do all of this with the analog sticks and buttons.  It supports my PS4 wireless gamepad, but keyboard and mouse work so well, that it best to use them.It runs silky smooth on my MacBook Pro!Hardware Overview:Model Name:  MacBookPro 11,5 (Mid 2015)Processor Name:  Intel Core i7Processor Speed:  2.8 GHzNumber of Processors:  1Total Number of Cores:  4L2 Cache (per Core):  256 KBL3 Cache:  6 MBMemory:  16 GB Type:  DDR3  Speed:  1600 MHzVideo Card:  AMD Radeon R9 M370X, VRAM 2048 MBOperating System: OS X El Capitan version 10.11.6 (64 bit OS)"
,Recommended,274500,30983551,Posted: 6 April,all,Beemaster3000,"Basically, its a difficult twinstick shooter with just mindbogling atmosphere created by some of the best lore in any game ever, a kickass soundtrack and good gameplay.Seriously:The lore creates some beatiful pictures about factions, vehicles, weapons and pilots."
,Recommended,274500,28779877,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,gadny,"God this game is good. Challenging, every vehicle loadout plays differently, and the writing is top-shelf. The destructable environments are awesome. The mechs and tanks are really awesome. It's hard, but not cheap. The lore you can unlock makes the little details in the mech and world design all the more interesting. You can stomp on tiny humans. The whole package is just so thoughtful and well-designed, and beautiful too.I cannot wait for modding tools. There's seriously so much good stuff going on here. Buy this."
,Recommended,274500,33131279,Posted: 2 July,all,Mr Gomez,"Really cool mech/tank/hover tank game with an even better soundtrack, having a blast so far, highly recomend it!"
76561198054689252,Recommended,274500,24750398,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Modus,***Not for bads.***
,Recommended,274500,33189646,Posted: 3 July,all,Ω21,The mech game I never knew I wanted and can't put down.
76561198082198420,Recommended,274500,30990324,Posted: 6 April,all,Sevnmeir,"Brigador is an Isometric Mech game that has been the first mech game since the late 90s that truly captured my heart. The mechs/tanks/anti-grav vehicles all feel nice and heavy. The game has an amazingly good atmosphere and soundtrack for a big stompy mech game, It just oozes style out of every pore.  A very detailed lore and backstory for all the factions. The campaign is both great for getting the hang of how to use all the different vehicles and weapons, and very hard on some of the final missions. The freelance mode gives you the ability to run wild on the city with hundreds of different mech/pilot/gear combinations. It also runs almost flawlessly on my old AMD potato laptop slightly below the games min-spec.All in All, Brigador is well worth the asking price. I fully recommend it to anyone looking for alittle real robo action.-Sidenote-The Brigador Dev Team has been one of the best and most helpfull Ive seen on the whole of the steam community in quite some time. They are very active with post release support/balance tweaks/updates and have been very communicative in the forums to address any issues people have. Im looking forward to their content for both Brigador and any future games they make."
76561198030983745,Recommended,274500,31011663,Posted: 8 April,all,The Last Order,One of the best isometric mech game I ever play.  Well written lore is a big plus.
76561197974524387,Recommended,274500,30991930,Posted: 6 April,all,Einhander,"An attention to world-building and lore that makes Warhammer afficionados blush and go weak in the knees.The kind of neon-soaked synthwave aesthetics that never were, wedded to an incomparable soundtrack that oozes intergalactic crypto-fascist militancy.A paean to 80s kit-bash mechs of all sorts, eschewing the unearned juvenilia of anime-mecha flim-flammery endemic to the genre.A five-story tank built entirely out of Chevy Astro vans and highway guardrailing.A baroque suite of game mechanics, measuring up to, and standing on the shoulders of giants what came before.You don't own this game; it takes up permanent residency in your brain on the neurological level - an aphasic, epileptic flutter of laser soaked carnage. BUY IT."
76561198064997740,Recommended,274500,34180525,Posted: 11 August,all,TheHermitKing,"Amazing. Simply Amazing.This is a stunning and immersive experience. The atmosphere and the music and the lighting bury you in the Brigador universe and keep you thinking about this game and the world it lives in when you're not playing it. The story and lore are surprisingly deep and interesting, game play is a blast, the soundtrack is powerful and moving, great replayability, great devs still adding new content. I've had this game for quite a while and seen it go through some changes and they've just been improvement after improvement. Worth every penny even when not on sale. The controls can be a bit wonky at first but by the end of the campaign (which isnt much compared to freelance mode) I was a master of movement with all the vehicle types. It reminds me most of a cross between command and conquer and mechwarrior, two of my favorite games as a child consequently. ( might not be the msot accurate comparison but it's what comes to mind forme. I love this game and can notsay enough good about it or the devs. Also highly recommend the book. (Ebook or audiobook) I keep going back to listen to it evey few months.Long story short: Buy this game, you will not regret it."
,Recommended,274500,25766704,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,blaa,Great game
76561197984632023,Recommended,274500,28516533,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Nebiros,"Take a dystopian setting written well, splash in a soundtrack and atmosphere that looks like it's fresh from the 80s and tie it to gameplay reminiscent of the Strike series (Desert Strike being the first) or Syndicate and you've got an outstanding game. If you don't mind dying a lot. The devs are active, friendly and still working on the game as well."
76561198025168700,Recommended,274500,30906546,Posted: 2 April,all,Phantom Hoover,Total mech war has never been so slick.
,Recommended,274500,30909277,Posted: 2 April,all,faltHes,"This is actually a super slick game. Reminds me of a game on the PSX, cant quite recall the name of it.  Its been a fun ride so far!"
,Recommended,274500,34091050,Posted: 7 August,all,Emmys,"hands-down awesome, zero complaints. soundtrack, sound effects, gameplay, all amazing.just be careful with the short range weapons (donkey is my fave,) and blowing up objectives.Y O U  W I L L  D I E"
76561197961118628,Recommended,274500,21515448,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Jupa,Brigador is cool and you should buy it.
76561198059620828,Recommended,274500,32154534,Posted: 3 June,all,Gryphon,"If ""twin-stick"" shooters are you're thing, then you are in luck, because this is the best example around at the moment, bar none."
76561198003540719,Recommended,274500,32155085,Posted: 3 June,all,Avalon,Great game.
,Recommended,274500,29435444,Posted: 22 January,all,MagnificentTunaFish,I have waited so long for a game like this.
,Recommended,274500,23606683,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Testosticles,"It's always great to see a game that at first glance seems like a mass of mindless, superficial details, but ultimately ends up defying your first impression.Brigador has much more to offer than just a mech-grind of mass destruction. No, the attention to detail in this game has astounded me, and I've only barely begun. To be completely honest, the game's interfacing confused me at first. There's a lot of information. However, it takes nothing more than one calm breath, and an agreement to focus on what the game has to offer. Once you burst out of the tutorial levels, the tactics and skills the game has taught you thus far are vital to your success in merely accomplishing the mission. Onward!The levels have a sandbox design, allowing you as the player to choose how to approach each portion of the mission's map. Understanding the special defense abilities, weapon types, and vehicle you're using attributes to the tactical precision necessary to carry out your mission. This game doesn't play around with free rides, you'll have to earn your success.The lore of the setting, and all its inhabitants is an impressive collection that unfortunately leaves me yearning for a voiced narrative of certain details, but the presented format is well fitted to the entire experience.Brigador is a fun game, and you'll soon find yourself wrapped as tightly inside its dystopian future, as the game's fundamental mechanics are tight."
76561198006720573,Recommended,274500,23614776,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Hkajs,This game is tight af
,Recommended,274500,24540879,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,igagfssgfii,A really refreshing mech shooter. Isometric neon mass-destruction. Please purchase a copy of the full review in ACQUISITIONS/LORE.
,Not Recommended,274500,32221424,Posted: 6 June,all,Deakul,"I still can't get into this game, the controls continue to be absolutely awful on everything but the hover craft.It feels like it should be played with a controller but I found that it actually plays worse with one?!I just don't think that mech/tank controls work very well from an isometric perspective and then coupled with the annoying way that height levels work in the game and that really bad targeting reticule that doesn't make it entirely clear what you're going to shoot through or shoot over.Otherwise, I do love the art, the music, and how it rewards cautious and stealthy playing... the game just isn't for me I guess, I can't get over that the hurdle of actually controlling it."
,Recommended,274500,23368360,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Darloth,Almostenough dakka.
,Recommended,274500,21636369,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Zerg,BLOW SOME♥♥♥♥♥♥UP
,Recommended,274500,19557323,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Synthia Vice,"A sort of isometric MechWarrior/Armoured Core mashup with a wicked soundtrack. It's still in early access, but as-is, you can play with a variety of different mechs and tanks with several types of weapons and countermeasures to utilize.8.7/10"
76561198028601118,Recommended,274500,23352257,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,A Mean Guy,"Great value for the dollar, like, really, it's damn good, it's come so far since Early Access which has actually benefitted it.Ya get:Big Stompy Robots.Big rolly tanks.Big Hover boards.Small stompy power armour.Small speedy motorcycles.Small anti gravity engines with a seat slapped onto it.Tuk tuks.An amazing soundtrack.Styled after the whole cyberpunk aesthetic and with inspirations from Maschinen Krieger in terms of vehicle designs...MMMHMMM!Also the lore is bloody marvelous and offers some dark comedy into the political climate of the city of Solo Nobre and some small insight into the planet, Novo Solo.Definitely a success story in terms of Early access games, give it a look! Think the only thing that could be made better is more vehicles (Which the devs routinely add) and Multiplayer, which unfortunately is virtually impossible to add from what I understand.Still, I could dream 4 people driving around in Troubadors minging about and slamming their tank cannon mounted motorcycles into gigantic mechs."
,Recommended,274500,23335886,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Mikail Yazzy,"stompy stompy, bit difficult to control, but the fantasy is there nice and heavy.give it a go if you like mechs and miss SNES iso-shooters.price = fine, shut up about price, all developers need money, most gamers can\'t fathom what it is like to make a game and how budgets are.<3 hugs even still"
,Recommended,274500,21624890,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,orangesobe,"This game is great, BUY IT!"
,Recommended,274500,21433949,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Sunlust,"This game is rad.  It has solid gameplay built around fast, tense and dangerous action.  The cosmetic stuff is amazing too, the cities you stomp around in are handmade and have all sorts of cool detailing.  The music is perfect, straight out of Escape from New York and gives the whole place a chill Sci-Fi Channel Original Movie feel.I've played it a ton but I still keep going back to try new builds and nail sick mortar shots on packs of enemies from downtown.  The guys that made it spent 5 years on it and you can tell when you play it how much of a labor of love it is to them."
76561198029363031,Recommended,274500,25038521,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Wahops,Buy it.
,Recommended,274500,25038619,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Yando The Man,"brigador owns, gamers in the house forever"
,Recommended,274500,23353197,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Adam,"Great game,♥♥♥♥♥♥blows up, it feels good to blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up. So giffable. Buckle up Brigador."
,Recommended,274500,23380554,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Edelguard,Good stuff
,Recommended,274500,30913181,Posted: 2 April,all,diji,It's amazing. Just play it.
76561198058506808,Recommended,274500,26193367,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Trtl,Nice time killer..sorta like future cop lapd from back in my day.
,Recommended,274500,24489548,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Mithaldu,"A game with the feel of the 90s and the technology of '16, the gameplay is both rich in detail and destruction, but also challenging and requiring thought and planning."
,Recommended,274500,24531607,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Vault Dweller,"This game rules.Killer Sountrack.Cyberpunk Asthetic up the♥♥♥♥♥Giant Robots commiting warcrimes.If any of those things appeals to you, grab this game ASAP.Jokes aside, this game is really good. The customization and ammount of vehicles in the game is pretty staggering, and kind of hard to get a hand of early on, The campaign is mostly there for you get to oriented with the gameplay, equipment and give you some money for the real meat of the game, which is Freelance. In Freelance you customize everything, your Pilot, Vehicle, Loadout, and the Mission.The game is difficult, but once you get the hang of it, you feel like a total badass."
76561197998145322,Recommended,274500,24448760,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Have we won yet?,A wonderful indie game.
,Recommended,274500,32210429,Posted: 5 June,all,Great Job!,Fun Game
,Recommended,274500,30915279,Posted: 2 April,all,TN Hoff,"Somewhere between Battletech and Desert Strike, this retro-styled isometric shooter is a real trip. The format may be familiar, but this game will put your skills to the test! Git gud while you enjoy the glitzy soundtrack provided by Makeup & Vanity Set.UPLINK ESTABLISHED - WELCOME, BRIGADOR"
,Recommended,274500,30911454,Posted: 2 April,all,Garrett,"Great gameplay, music, and aesthetic"
76561197992839422,Recommended,274500,30946091,Posted: 4 April,all,The Murder Dog,Not for every one but definatly for me!
76561198022975473,Recommended,274500,30911482,Posted: 2 April,all,Lord Beavis,Great game!
,Recommended,274500,27281714,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RedRaptor,"This game is amazing! I wish I had bought this game at release, instead of waiting.Basically you play a merc pilot in a mech, and blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up. Pretty simple.Then you start making money for blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up. Still pretty simple.Then you find out about ""Freelance Mode"" and now you can buy your own pilot and mech and loadout. Less simple.Now you realize that this is where the real challenge lies in the game. Simplicity gone.Now the real fun starts."
,Recommended,274500,33320482,Posted: 6 July,all,Pepper Doggo™,"== GAMEPLAY (The mechanical part of the game) ==You walk around in your mech, tank, or antigravity vehicle and destroy the marked objectives in the map, and you have two weapons and an active ability. In Campign mode, these are chosen for you, but you can choose your own loadout in Freelance mode. Different weapons behave differently against buildings, enemy shields and hull, and different vehicles behave differently to enemy fire and terrain types. This gives the player some things to consider both when choosing their loadout or making tactical decissions in battle. The game is more tactical than anything, since choosing in what order you deal with enemies, how you position yourself, and when you use your active ability is more important to survival than how you use your weapons. Weapons, however, do behave differently mechanically, some weapons have travel speed and others are more of ""hitscan"" weapons, most shoot in a straight line down to the ground, but others fire like a shotgun spread, or even high-arch projectiles.6/10 - Good== AESTHETICS (The audiovisual presentation of the game) ==If you've heard about this game before, you must have heard about the soundtrack. Have the studio chosen some usual orchestral or rock music, the game could've felt cheap and uninteresting. The original synthwave soundtrack by one of the best artists in the genere, Makeup and Vanity Set (and some others since the Up-Armored update) ultimately gives the game a unique ambient and soul. The graphics are a love letter to 90s to early 2000s isometric sci-fi games. The player and enemy vehicles are 2D sprites with 64 different angles pre-rendered from 3D models with normal maps cooked in for interaction with the game's lighting effects, which give the finishing touch to the cyberpunk setting of the game. The game easily runs at 60FPS, but the pre-made animations for mechs and enemies have a very low ammount of frames. This deliberate choice, along with the semi-uncanny valley illustrations for pilot portraits, give off a very classic and somewhat unsettling feeling to the game, similar to some of Scott Cawthon's (creator of FNAF) earlier works (see: The Desolate Hope).10/10 - Masterpiece== CHALLENGE (The thought put into the challenges the game gives to the player) ==The game gives a lot of opportunity for the player to tweak the difficulty of the game. First, the game speed setting: the player is allowed to change the speed of both themselves and the enemies (from 50% to 100% speed, set to 80% by default). Then there's the pilots: as the player progresses, they can unlock new pilots, and each of them is essentially a different combination of payout and difficulty modifiers, form one that makes it so that no enemies will ever spawn to get only a tenth of the pay, to pilots locked into the highest difficulties at all times in exchange for some big buck, even ones that will start at a low difficulty and gradually increase for each sector cleared, a sector being one of the different levels in each mission. Loadout choice also goes into play: some weapons have a low ammo capacity but deal very high damage (like lasers and explosives), others have a high ammo capacity and high fire rate in exchange for low damage per bullet (like gatling guns and turret guns), which can make ammo management (a very important part of the game) easier. Finally there's vehicle choice: bigger vehicles are louder, but more resilient, while smaller ones are more silent, but fragile. Each vehicle has a different combination of factors to consider: movement speed, movement acceleration, aiming speed, turning speed, hull, shields, temporary shields (an extra shield that fades out over time), etc. Some vehicles are even at a direct disadvantage to others or pose a higher risk to the player, but compensate it by giving an extra payout when the mission is done. It's a big mish-mash of ways to tweak the game to your liking.Perfect - 9/10== FINAL SCORE ==8/10 - Excellent"
,Recommended,274500,26288875,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Beefenstein,"This game provides everything I imagined it could and more. The contols are not too complex but do demand some serious time and effort to get right (I recommend making them comfortable for you e.g. I put 'walk in direction of mouse cursor' on mouse button 4) and there is some real depth to the gameplay. You can't just wade in and expect everything to be fine, you have to plan your engagements. This is honestly the best isometric shooting game I've ever played, and I played plenty of them when they were temporarily popular in the 90s."
76561197994585496,Recommended,274500,32178025,Posted: 4 June,all,Roc,Excellent retro top-down shooter. A breath of fresh air. Soundtrack is excellent as is the gameplay and graphics.
76561198021763142,Recommended,274500,32199215,Posted: 5 June,all,Hosp,Good
76561197984641741,Recommended,274500,32200888,Posted: 5 June,all,Vanish,Buy this if you want to play a brutal game about blowing things up with a suprising amount of different playstyles.
76561197998860675,Recommended,274500,32201876,Posted: 5 June,all,Aledroid,Amazing game. Easy to learn but really depth gameplay. It has a really high degree of customization with a lot of replayability.
,Recommended,274500,33891339,Posted: 29 July,all,arobbie,Super rad. Amazing music. Atmosphere kept me going.
,Recommended,274500,24532977,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Martianhunter,"By the sweet Holy Duct Tape of Saint Nauru, this game is freaking amazing.Fist things first - the soundtrack. The soundtrack is a saliva-inducing techno blend of cyberpunk that easily fits into my top ten music soundtracks. The sheer engagement this game pulls off with its soundtrack alone is amazingGameplay is challenging, but fair. The tank controls are actually pretty easy to pick up, contrary to what other reviewers seem to be saying, and the main challenge lies within the actual gameplay, not mastering the controls, or fighting the UI.One of the finest things about this game is the sheer size of the maps, and the number of enemies that can swarm you. Being able to react correctly and deal with your surroundings is key, as well asLore, I have heard a few people bash this games lore; they are wrong. The universe crafted here is intricate and interesting. Each corner of the massive maps reveals some odd detai, wether it is the way in which the hedges are shaped to keep the aristocrats away from the industrial camps, or the miles of graves marking half of a few maps, their is allways something interesting to find. The different flavor texts around the game both describe the culture and history of this amazing universe.And then there is the audiobook.I know it might seem weird, but truly, this might have been the bullseye that made the cake for my experience with Brigador. The Audiobook is part of the Sound track DLC, and is very much worth the extra money. The story is great, depicting the experience of a singular military outposts experience of this chaotic night. The book might seem like some tacky add on, but it really does have its qualities, and I would definitely purchase a physical copy if such an item is ever released.Seriously, this game is a good game. Give it a try"
76561198073640521,Recommended,274500,20940004,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Dincicode,"Love the game, but is there only 1 level for now?"
,Recommended,274500,21616084,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,TMG Ken,"Oh yea, no Buy this game, I know it's early access and I only have .3 hours but damn this game is just fun."
,Recommended,274500,22040156,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Failson,I liiike etEdit: I still like it
76561198022241634,Recommended,274500,22618933,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Gozzle,A little gem of a game. It oozes the efforts of the developers and I can't wait to play the final version. Brings back happy memories of the Strike series.
,Recommended,274500,24753655,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Dog,Do you like hard games?I like hard games.Or just being hard in general.Simply put: This game makes me hard.
,Recommended,274500,28868698,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Pierson,Fantastic.
,Recommended,274500,23607197,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,С Г エ χ,DAY GREAT LEADER DIED BEST DAY OF MY LIFE
,Recommended,274500,23379335,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Conceited Guy,good game
,Recommended,274500,22486731,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Slaanesh,smell the gunpowder!
,Recommended,274500,32704262,Posted: 23 June,all,Sneksriel,"I literally came, this game's ♥♥♥♥in great"
76561197991632494,Recommended,274500,23413093,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Aiursrage2k,"This game would have been great if not for the god damn tank controls, it makes the game way harder then it needs to be."
76561197969033736,Recommended,274500,31150192,Posted: 14 April,all,BernieWouldHaveWon,!!
,Recommended,274500,18549616,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,pinkBrood,"This game feels like a modern version of old ps title L.A.P.D Future Cop, but with modern controls, and really crisp (probably) prerendered sprites. What made me interested at first was the graphics, but the gameplay is really good too as it is right now, but i think it will be even better once they add the weapons progression. If you like top-down/isometric shooters then this might be just the right game for you! Really looking forward for when everything is done!"
,Recommended,274500,23483373,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Cynabal,"Cracking little retro game, gives me flashbacks to my old Amiga days its like a Mashup of Bullfrogs Syndicate and Sensible Softwares Cannon Fodder, if you enjoyed those titles back in the early 90's your going to love this!"
76561198068065140,Recommended,274500,34765932,Posted: 5 September,all,Mordeth Kai,"Let me start off by saying I'm not a fan of retro games. I don't like pixel graphics, or 'trendy' indy crap. At the risk of being burned at the stake for heresy, I'm also not a fan of videogame music. What I do like are RPG's and mecha.The screenshots for the game had me concerned that the game would be pixelated and look like old crap, fortunately actual gameplay looked a lot better than the screenshots suggest. The level of detail is excellent, and it's full 3D. They managed to give the game a retro look without deliberately forgoing modern advancements in technology.The gameplay plays out in full 3d in spite of the flat terrain and isometric view. There is a degree of skill in controlling the elevation of flat trajectory shots. The balance of the game is also excellent. There is a lot to unlock, but nothing feels inaccessible or out of reach. See a mech you like? You can probably buy it after 2-4 missions. Buying a new mech, tank, or hovercar isn't so much about buying power as it is about buying a new playstyle, same with the weapons. If you want to be big and stompy with lots of armor and big guns, go right ahead. If you want to be fast and agile with mortars and strategic weapons using indirect tactics, go for it. It's not a matter of one being better, it's about which one you feel like doing at that moment. This means there is minimal grind to get the things you want, but a hefty time investment to unlock everything, so lots of content without the boredom. The destructible terrain is great, it gives the feeling of mass destruction and mayhem. You feel powerful, but not indestructible.As for complaints, it's easy to get turned around with tanks and mechs so you're walking backwards exposing your rear armor, and difficult and time consuming to set it straight again. Important information about weapons isn't displayed in the store before buying. Will they fire directly or are they mortars? Do they fire single shot, burst , or full auto? You have to buy to find out. Fortunately buying them isn't too expensive depending on the class, and they follow a repeating pattern in their order, at least for type. The menu, while functional, is clunky, this was a stylistic choice to maintain the retro 90's arcade aesthetic, so it's more a matter of opinion. Also, purely a matter of preference, it's light on the RPG elements. It's not advertised as an RPG, it just would have been more enjoyable to me personally if it were. More in depth vehicle customization would have also been nice, but wouldn't really work with their current direction of quick action. This is, again, a matter of preference, some people, like myself, enjoy pouring over builds and getting involved with management level meta, other people just want to get into the action and play, this game caters to the latter.To summarize, in many ways this game isn't what I normally prefer, but it is an excellent well-crafted game. A lot of love went into getting things right, and extra effort into the detail."
,Recommended,274500,30910407,Posted: 2 April,all,fr33k,good
,Recommended,274500,32198626,Posted: 5 June,all,20k,Pretty fun
76561198017189485,Recommended,274500,23303054,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Smaug,"This is the game I play when I've smoked a joint and want to turn the volume up to 11.Let me know if you have questions before buying and I'll answer them here!UPDATED FOLLOWING FULL RELEASE (updates marked w/ ""UPDATE""):Brigador is one of about 3 games I've purchased in Early Access and the only one I felt strongly enough about to recommend.  I'm assuming you've watched the trailers and are familiar w/ the basics of the arcade-style shooter genre.Gamplay:UPDATE: With the release of the full game, the quantity of vehicles and weapons available to the player in campaign and freeplay mode have increased greatly.  Whereas the EA was working w/ about a dozen vehicles and weapons, there are now 4 or 5 times as many.  This obviously makes for a much more replayable game; figuring out optimal builds for each vehicle and which vehicles suit your playstyle has become a much richer experience b/c of the increased variety. You can choose to play either through the game's 20-mission campaign which follows the story of liberating Solo Nobre as a mercenary, or play one-off missions in the game's freeplay mode.  Any currency gained from either mode carries over to the other and allows the player to purchase intel, vehicles, weapons, lore, and different pilots for use in freeplay. I think this mechanic works well as it doesn't lock the player in to playing strictly the campaign, everything in the game is accessible at all times, provided you've racked up enough currency from completing missions.EARLY ACCESS:I've been having a ton of fun w/ Brigador; it's relatively simple in gameplay, but w/ depth of difficulty and strategy that emerges the longer you play.  I was up and running w/in a few minutes of booting this game up for the first time, but even after 20 hours or so, I'm still learning about the nuances of each vehicle and weapon available in the game, as well as enemy behavior and countering tactics.Audio:UPDATE: Following the full release of the game, music and sound effects have been more fully integrated into the game. Updates include a greater quanitity of vehicle and weapons sounds, as well as the integration of the full OST into campaign maps.  I can't overstress how much the original music adds to the experience of this game; if you're into synthpop, this game is just a joy to run around in.EARLY ACCESS:The in-game audio pushes Brigador from something that I'd probably otherwise enjoy to a great gaming experience.  The music is a stand-out as contributing a great deal to the atmosphere and enjoyability of playing, but it's not alone.  The weapon and vehicle sound effects, automatic weapons in particular, are rich and obviously got a lot of love from the devs.Graphics/Misc:UPDATE: Nothing much to add here over EA; I'll note that I haven't experienced any bugs or crashes.EARLY ACCESS: I've seen a few pre-release builds since purchasing and all of them show a great deal of attention to detail from level design to animation to UX: I've gotten a great deal of satisfaction out of how smooth the game's animations are.  I get the feeling that the devs took a great deal of time in getting vehicle movement and weapon usage right; I've seen other games that use mechs and tanks end up w/ much clunkier vehicle movement, which can kill the fun quickly. Every vehicle in this game has a realistic sense of movement and presence in the game world, as do environmental destruction and weapon effects.  Graphics options are limited to resolution, V-Sync, and a few other options, but I found that these options are sufficient.Devs:Lastly, I always consider it a good sign when the developers of a game have a presence in the Steam forums and these guys are on top of that.  I've asked several questions and have always received quick answers from devs or knowledgable community members.  I always enjoy knowing that I can run to the forums w/ questions or comments and receive something other than a ""get gud"" response from the community."
76561197994215234,Recommended,274500,24917615,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Davis1986,"Brigador is an Isometric shooter with an unique aiming system where you pilot mechs, tanks, 'anti-gravs' and powersuits though a fully destructible, neon-lit, dystopian city on the far away planet of Novo Solo.The dictator known as 'Great Leader' has died and the evil corporation SNC has put out a 'Brigador' contract for anyone interested in making some money to take out the orbital cannons in the city of Solo Nobre so they can start their invasion from space.The game has a very 'morally grey' feel to it and it's all presented though a cold, business like menus where you accept contracts from the SNC and buy new vehicles, weapons and powerups to do your bloody work with. You can also unlock (or rather buy) new pilots that function as a difficulty setting in the game. A more difficult pilot means more and tougher opposition but also a greater paycheck IF you manage to reach the spaceport and make it off-world in one piece.All this corporate killing is represented in stylish retro '90ies graphics and goes along with a great Synthwave soundtrack. The soundtrack is available as DLC to listen to in your own living room and there is even an audiobook with great immersion and lore (which i HIGHLY recommend you listen to - it's awesome!). The audiobook is also available as an e-book. Even though bigger games came out this year,Brigador is definately my personal GOTY (Game of The Year) title of 2016. I have more then 70 hours put into it and i still find myself coming back to it for just one more run. It is original, stylish, has original gameplay mechanics and (while it might seem a bit difficult at first) i would definately recommend you pick it up! Pure class.9/10"
76561198158149244,Recommended,274500,24452348,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,tuckboat,"I  decided to purchase this game when I saw one of the developer's wives had been playing it and wrote a positive review for all the internet to see. Well I know that if I invented the cure for cancer my wife would only try it if forced to at gunpoint and even then still do it only for the purpose of posting a negative review to spite me. So for hours I scrathed my head and searched my soul trying to piece together the implications of a wive's positive review and eventually I put 2 and 2 together and came to the conclusion that....BRIGADOR  >  CURE FOR CANCERWell this is a damn good game and a smart purchase for sure but the gameplay alone did not quantify my theory.  So I again I scratch my head and lose myself in meditation and slowly I piece 2 and 2 together and had an epiphany. Armed with this knowledge I smiled to myself, stood up from my desk, walked into my bedroom, and told the ♥♥♥♥♥ I married I was filing for divorce. No cure for cancer could ever compare to the feeling of joy and hope spreading through my body right now.10/10 would divorce my wife again....True Story, Kids."
,Recommended,274500,29411730,Posted: 21 January,all,Giftshop,Truly it is one of Steam's hidden gems. Hours of my life suddenly go missing and I think Brigador has something to do with it.
76561197976417707,Not Recommended,274500,34194271,Posted: 12 August,all,DropnFbombs,"Explosions kill it.  Every time I try to play I do just fine against the enemy, but I'll accidentally run into a pipe, or a gas station, or whatever and suddenly I'm dead.  It's easy to accidentally walk into things by the way because the isometric view doesn't make for easy controls.  Just not worth spending 30 minutes moving foward and doing well to be taken out by an explosion from a building that I may or may not have known would explode but certainly didn't walk into intentionally."
,Not Recommended,274500,30083576,Posted: 21 February,all,PurpleXVI,"I can't really recommend Brigador at the price, because there isn't that much game to it.Now, don't get me wrong. It's a relatively charming game, it looks nice and the OST is great, what writing there is, has a bit of humour to it, and is generally quite well-done, but the fact of the matter is that there are really only two missions or so to play.Sure, they vary the levels, the loadouts and the enemies but... it's basically all the same. I think there's essentially all of one mission that flips things a bit(by having you start with no ammo), but that's as imaginative as the creators get. Every mission is about blowing up X items that are either mobile or stationary, and fighting back or not fighting back. You pick a mech and its loadout, you're off to the races, and then ten minutes later you're back at the menu.And there's about 25 missions of this, so ultimately not much actual game unless you count the pretty boring ""freelance"" mode that has even less context to make things interesting, or the fact that you have four different potential loadouts for a given mission as varied options.Additionally, the controls feel a bit rough at times(the facing seems weirdly unwilling to automatically face the way you're going, so you often have to manually wrangle it into place), and it's sometimes hard to tell what you're actually going to hit. Not a problem because there are any friendlies or neutrals you mustn't blow up, but just sort a bit annoying in terms of actually hitting badguys before they hit you.So, really, if the game and OST were ten bucks combined, I'd call it a good deal. At any higher price, unless they're planning to expand with a LOT more free content(and not just more of the same, but stuff that actually VARIES the missions and setups in interesting ways), it's not very well-priced for what you're getting.I WOULD like to see more content from the creators, though, and if they make any more games, I'd likely give them a shot, because the writing suggests that they've got good ideas."
76561198102703302,Not Recommended,274500,32514977,Posted: 17 June,all,TheDancingPope,"It was a decent game, until midway through 4 or 5 missions in; the level objectives became glitched. The game was basically unplayable after that. Fix your game."
76561198061442051,Not Recommended,274500,34424357,Posted: 22 August,all,Jesse,"I really wanted to like this game. The graphics, the trailer, attiutde and isometirc view reminded me of the fun times I had playing Future Cop: LAPD on the PSone. I have never wanted to like a game more but just couldn't due to the god awful controls. I really put in the effort and spent about 4-5 hrs tying to master the controls on both keyboard and controller so I can enjoy what this game has to offer. The controls are just that poor. It's meant to be played fast paced but you will be crawing along hoping things don't get too overwhelming and all manner of insanity hits the screen, leaving you wondering which way your aiming and which way your moving. Before you can figure it out you'll be blown to bits. Such a disapointment"
,Recommended,274500,30934967,Posted: 3 April,all,Muffinut,"Such an awesome game. Intense combat, awesome tracks, well-written lore - they all hit the marks the developers were aiming for. Underrated due to lack of funding for marketing and niche genre, so tell your friends about it."
76561197984876732,Not Recommended,274500,32965510,Posted: 28 June,all,King Eryck,"Walk around, blow stuff up. Go to the exit.There are differente vehicles and abilities but it just bored me."
76561197971640510,Not Recommended,274500,32376094,Posted: 12 June,all,Huggles `,"Look it's an ok game but it definitely doesn't deserve the high score it has. It hasn't any pull.. You play one mission and then you're like... ehh... ok, that's enough."
,Not Recommended,274500,26301106,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Al Djeafnte,"Kind of cool, except there's no real variation in anything, and there's very little conveyance in most elements.  You will die without knowing from what, you'll be uncertain why you're not hitting enemies, as your projectiles pass right through them, or explode off of where your aim lines indicate.It's just another in a long list of very promising games that fail to apply any UX principles to a game, undermining the entire experience."
76561197994775896,Not Recommended,274500,24472777,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,riclzh,Ojects like buildings keep 'flashing' on and off from the screen.
76561198064987215,Not Recommended,274500,18720374,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,giallo.1986,"Has the potential to be good, but not with those controls, put the option to have the classic WASD controls as optional and this game becomes good. As it is now it's unplayable"
76561198041222680,Not Recommended,274500,24384152,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,m35usmc,i played for over an hour. the controls were to complicated for me. i applied for a refund and uninstalled the game
76561198024973615,Not Recommended,274500,32331018,Posted: 10 June,all,SJB,Meh
76561198058400435,Not Recommended,274500,21451325,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Shadowgooey,"So I gave this game a quick shot after reading something a friend was looking at, and what sold me on wanting to try the game was the comment ""A nickleback poster is worth more than this game"" so I felt I should give it a legit try to see what I think of it.After playing it for the 24 minutes I have on record, I definitly have to say that it is not worth the 20 bucks I paid so far, there just isnt enough to the game right now to warrent that much. However this IS still in early access, so it can change drastically yet, which I am exited for and is why I didn't mind paying full price for it right now.The reason why this game isn't worth 20 bucks as it stands right now, is that there just isn't enough. I know I only played a little bit, but there really wasn't much to draw me in and make me want to play more. There is currently no story, it's not the funnest to drive around extremly slowly in an enviroment that really doesn't look that appealing, and the enemies are both not frequent enough to make such a slow speed enjoyable, and they are kind of annoying to try and shoot down. I can see what you are trying to do with the heigh of the shots you shoot, but it's really more of an annoying mechanic to work with than anything else with the way the game is right now.The gameplay is just not satisfying right now, I'm not upgrading into anything to feel progression, noir do I really feel any kind of story going on, it's just play through the level and move to the next. A game needs to have more than what this one currently has to really draw people into it.For now I am saying I would not recommend it, but I will keep checking this game out every update to see how things have changed and what was added to see if that changes at all."
,Not Recommended,274500,28541273,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Kar-Chee,Not as fun as it seems...
,Not Recommended,274500,22661222,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,5 Bears On Patrol,"(I'd make this a neutral review if I could. Probably wouldn't be negative if there were more negative reviews)This has tank controls. That's a massive warning to everyone. If there is one thing you'll hate about this game, there it is. You'll find it awkward to control as the facing of your mech isn't always very obvious, and hell. They're tank controls. Those things died back in the mid 90s. For a reason."
76561198028127856,Not Recommended,274500,31832379,Posted: 18 May,all,DocPhineas,"After 30 minutes of play, the best I can say about Brigador is that it has nice music but terrible gameplay. The campaign forces you to start with several very tedious training missions, only to limit you to a measly 4 vehicles (with pre-set loadouts) when you do finally get through the tutorial. I tried the freelance mode and ran out of ammo less than 2 minutes into the first mission. Fun this ain't."
76561197984497440,Not Recommended,274500,18581783,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,farmerbob663,"There's a an interesting concept going on here but as it stands now it's currently buried underneath awkward controls and a broken interface, hell even being able to look at a control layout from the main menu would've been nice but alas nothing there, ne thing that would vastly help with this is controller support which hopefully will be added in later. The weapons seem very ineffective and will often have you wondering if they're even working at all. As I said earlier an intesresting idea that needs a lot more polishing but perhaps may be worth revisiting in the future."
,Not Recommended,274500,23550197,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Iron,Refunded. It gets boring after a short while and doesn't match the price by any stretch of the imagination. The good reviews are a mysterium to me.
,Not Recommended,274500,28929425,Posted: 1 January,all,Judge Drudge Dredd,"This game only looks like it would be fun.  Even seasoned gamers will find the controls too frustrating and, even when mastered, unrewarding to give it a second play. There's almost no story or really any sensible gameplay options.  The only redeeming feature is the soundtrack - the audiobook is laughable nonsense, though.  This is maybe 1/3 of a game."
,Not Recommended,274500,24940327,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Xelnath,The controls for Brigador are terrible. I just want to push UP to go UP. Why isn't this an option if not the default? The rest of the game felt like it was pretty good - art and gameplay - but the controls doomed this title. Refund incoming. :(
,Not Recommended,274500,18506063,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Mariska Hargitaylor Swift,Unfinished interface combined with a generic iso shooter?  Pass.
,Recommended,274500,18870294,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,GasparLewis,"A solid base of mechanical challenge with a ton of promise to hopefully make good on in the coming months.Also tank controls are rad but if they're REALLY a problem, holding E will turn to vehicle to face with your reticle."
76561198035298785,Recommended,274500,18844150,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,GreenTea,"I am having so much fun with this game.It would be nice to see ""humanoid"" mech types as opposed to strictly bipedal/turret.Thank you for making this kind of game, seriously.Oh and more explosions would be nice especially with the howitzer rounds landing on concrete."
76561198000424337,Recommended,274500,18959847,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Klaw,"Great iso shooter, somewhat awkward controls, but incredible and incredibly difficult.  There's no hand holding through this, you have to make sure as your blazing around you don't detonate buildings or damage you mech.  Aweome Vanity and Makeup Set soundtrack."
76561198002477729,Recommended,274500,18527323,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,marcelo_abr,"I was waiting for this since the original Syndicate! Great gameplay, soundtrack and visuals. Simple yet challenging, funny and immersive. Man, devs are doing an impressive job!"
76561198022224940,Recommended,274500,18576931,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,plushfloody,"Yes it needs controller support. Yes it needs a keybinding menu. Yes, it REALLY needs Co-Op. Yet, this early access title has all the ingediants for awesome.Currently movement is limited to the A and D keys for steering left and right in the ""RC racing"" style. That should be great with the new steam controller if they used the left touchpad in ""spinner/paddle"" mode although I'd like to see ""move in direction pushed"" added to. There's no reason to limit the control possibilities.Assuming they do everything mentioned above this could be ""Best indie game of 2015."""
76561197965580729,Recommended,274500,18691054,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,GhOsT,"Good rogue like with an 80s scifi playground.  The soundtrack is excellent and fits the game perfectly.  Controls are a bit clunky but hey it's early access.  Can't wait for all the weapons, vehicles, factions, and maps to be released."
,Recommended,274500,20615747,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Powdered Toastman,"I'll start by saying I have very little negative things to say about Brigador. The visual aesthetic; a  beautiful mash-up between classic 90's PC mech/strategy games, and the 80's neon retro-wave which has been coming back in a big way. Playing this has made me wonder why this pairing hasn't been before, as when combined with the amazing retro-wave soundtrack it makes an incredible overall look, sound, and feel. The HUD also feels pulled straight out of those old games, presented in a minimalistic fashion that fits perfectly.Now the gameplay is what makes Brigador truly stand out. The isometric view coupled with WASD + mouse will likely be slightly disorienting at first to those first picking it up. An hour or two into the game, there are moments where was still tripping up. Keeping evasive while also keeping on target is very challenging-- at first. Always keeping yourself properly oriented is a challenge-- at first.Oh, and let's not forget about aiming and shooting. THAT was very hard to get the hang of. I'm still getting better at it, too, which is satisfying in the way that good, challenging games are. However, I DO believe that the ""aiming system"" can be improved. After the number of hours spent playing-- essentially the amount of time it took me to beat 'The Tears of the Ancestors' mission-- I'm still only 90% sure I'm going to hit a guy AFTER I take my time getting oriented and ranged in. The isomentric view makes some angles very awkward for aiming.The only suggestion I can think of is to make the path of the projectile more clear by showing the point of impact. I will often overshoot or undershoot distant targets (with things like a basic tank-style cannon) because while I know my direction is correct, the ""height"" is harder to guage.Also, that mission was damn hard. DAMN hard. My vast majority of my 4-5 hours played were trying to beat that mission. However, after finally beating it, I felt two things: a disappointment that I didn't get another story mission to beat myself over the head with, and an overwhelming sense of satisfaction that I managed to beat the stage by incorporating all aspects of the game's depth.I used stealth and evasion, shooting through objects such as trees and buildings to hit enemies that couldn't see me, to take on the overwhelming amount of enemies. It was incredibly satisfying to overcome the mission by playing smart.That being said, I was still a little bummed out to have not gotten another story mission, but this game is in Early Access for a reason, so I'm not knocking the game or devs for it. Of course more missions/content and balancing will be coming.Here's a TL;DR to wrap it up.-The visuals and music are ♥♥♥♥ing incredible.-Gameplay is complicated and must be learned through practice. Lots of practice.-Guaging distance (not direction) when aiming your shots is the hardest part about the controls. I believe this can be remedied.-The game is HARD in a way serious players will really dig into. Not sure about casual players.-Surprising amount of depth; makes for satisfying gameplay."
76561198065035060,Recommended,274500,24384155,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,stankmouth,"Hey You like explosions? Then buy the game.There, done. Buy it."
76561197980952244,Recommended,274500,24309718,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,xfromnothingx,"Mechcommander + Jungle Strike+ kickass OST. Tight controls ( once you learn them of course). The challenge is real in this one, so if your the type who doesn't like hard games frustration lies ahead.  Only gripe is you can't play this with a buddy.Why you haven't bought this game thrice over is a mystery to me.Btw, the sonic cannon rocks for destroy buildings at no ammo cost."
76561198042445918,Recommended,274500,24385272,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,BloodlightX,The track record of mech games.... Is very poor. But Brigador brings a interesting mix of retro and modern sensibilities. It is relentless and unforgiving and if you forget about anything you have equipped the game will smash your face into the cold pavement of Solo Nobre. Total destructibility is very rare and usually poorly executed unlike Brigador. Everything is weighty. The weapons feel fantastic and varied. The mechs themselves are extremely different. Great game I highly recommend it. Can't wait to see more and panic when I see a blue line spot me.GREAT LEADER IS DEAD.
76561197999496491,Recommended,274500,24495937,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Mattiator,"[Great Leader is Dead][Liberate Solo Nobre Tonight][By Any Means Neccesary]Desert Strike and Syndicate have a neon-tinged HD baby in this visually arresting tank shooter, featuring a wonderful soundtrack and enormous customizability.Novo Solo has been under the reign of a tyrant known only as ""Great Leader"" for as long as anyone still alive remembers. His sudden passing has left the capital, Solo Nobre in turmoil. As one of many ""Brigadors"" hired on by the definitely-not-evil SNC, you are tasked with staging sucicidal assaults throughout the capital in one of nearly fifty tanks, aircraft, and walkers customizable with over eighty weapons, ranging from explosive autocannons to repeating lasers.Although the game certainly is among the pricier indie titles on Steam, let me assure you it's been worth every penny so far. A twenty-one mission campaign introduces you to the basics of combat, but the real meat lies in the game's freelance mode, which lets you loose in a series of open-ended, completely (and I mean COMPLETELY) destructable playgrounds. You have one life, and the only limit is how far you're willing to push your luck for more cash. BRIGADOR rewards proper planning as well as deadeye precision, boasting a full visibility and stealth system. You don't always have to outshoot your opponents if you can outwit them.There are a few quibbles prospective players should consider, however. The controls are definitely non-standard, being quite literally ""tank controls"", where A-D turns your vehicle around in a circle, with the mouse controlling your turret. Even with multiple indicators I've gotten mixed up as to just where my wheels were pointing, and a second of confusion is all it takes to blow a mission in this game. But, with a few hours practice it should become second nature for the most part. The by-default dark graphics can make it hard to see smaller targets, but it can be fixed in the options menu. The tutorial is insufficient for much beyond the first ten to fifteen missions, but there are much better tutorials available on the game's Steam Forums. For nerve-wracking, pulse-pounding vehicle combat you can't do any better on Steam."
,Recommended,274500,24496743,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Brigador Merplöf,"So, yeah. Meet my new addiction.Brigador is the love-child of Virtual On and Syndicate Plus, after a diesel-soaked romp on Gibsonian streets. Dozens of unique vehicles to suit any play-style, enough lore-dripping killpower to kit them out with, core defenses for ambushing, disabling or annihilating *everything*, and an utterly relentless sandbox experience to pit your choices against. SNC, NEP, or Corvid, you're going to die. An awful lot. In delightfully dystopian ways. Brigador will mop the floor with you, your first few throwaway lives. It won't matter; Grab another loadout. Try something else. Eventually, something will click just right, and Solo Nobre comes apart for you, deliciously crunchy gun-chaff all wrapped up in Brigador's bombastic soundtrack.Sweet."
,Recommended,274500,25758393,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Morally Bankrupt,"Very slick game.  Controls are smooth and you have the option of 2 different control schemes.  Controller or M/KB work equally well.The art style is reminicent of the 80's but done with today's 3D tech.  Music is all synth/wave coolness.It's fun to watch a projectile cut a path through a line of buildings.  Squishing people as I drive in a killdozer.  There are a lot of types of mechs, tanks, partybus and hovercraftbots.I don't know what else to say, if you're on the fence about this, check it out... I'm real glad I did."
76561198025041101,Recommended,274500,25743482,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,TalonFace,"This game is really great. Between the soundtrack, the tactical gameplay, and the overall feel of the controls, there is a lot to love. However the game also suffers from certain issues that may disuade people.Pros:Music:Great soundtrack from Makeup and Vanity set that has been added to through recent updates.Difficulty: The difficulty of the game can fluctuate wildly, although most of the time it feels like smart play and knowing the strengths of your loadout will help you prevail. Overall the best way to improve is through practice, you can't just jump in and expect to win missions or contracts on your first try.Story: The lore has been expanded upon and is interesting to read, however I feel like locking it behind a credit wall was a bit unnessary, as it would be better served to unlock it by defeating enemies or by completing a certain number of missions in an area.Cons:Loadouts: While mentioned as a pro, certain campaign missions feature loadouts that are near impossible to use (at least for me), and as a result it can be very difficult to complete missions.Visuals: While the visuals give you a great feeling of destruction and power in a mech, it can be difficult at times to find smaller enemies who have the ability to detonate and remove a huge chunk of your shield in all the chaos. This can be especially frustrating when you already have low health and you die from it.Lore acquisition: To give yourself a better understanding of enemies and what you'll be facing, you need to purchase lore with credits. These aren't necessarily expensive, but they can add up quickly for what is essentially flavor text and minor tips. Really this should be changed based on encounters or enemies defeated.Overall: It's a great game that invokes the feeling of Hotline Miami and similar games at times, although this has to be taken with a grain of salt, as missions are longer than Hotline Miami, and the game is much more punishing for death. Smart play and tactics are necessary to succeed, and the controls do take some getting used to. However the great soundtrack, numerous unlocks, and different types of mechs make it all worth the investment."
,Recommended,274500,30931338,Posted: 3 April,all,Shrike,"A demanding game with unique visuals and I still dont understand how they got so many different vehicles into.The addition of the campaign missions and other things heavily upgraded the game since initial release and it is very nice to try different approaches.I think the game would profit from more ingame game changers like powerup pickups or temporary quests to bring in more unexpected dynamics, but its definitely worth the buy so far.+1"
76561197971174525,Recommended,274500,27192101,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Styvis,A severly underrated isometric actiongame with an astonishingly good soundtrack. If you hate good games and good sounstracks this is not for you.
,Recommended,274500,30929916,Posted: 3 April,all,a butt,"This game is a diamond in the rough. There's been an upswelling in nostalgia-based games and 1980s aesthetics over the past few years, and this one takes both into places that I don't usually see. You're given control of any one of a number of different mechs, tanks, and hovertanks (I think the total is up around 50 now, with something like 50 weapons to mix-and-match into your loadout), thrown into a sprawling isometric landscape (might be urban, might be rural, might be industrial) and told ""Go.""Before getting to the ""standard"" elements of a review, I want to point out that Brigador knows how to present itself as a unified entity. The visuals, sound effects, soundtrack, and text all mesh together into a coherent whole expertly. This is an element of design that's hard to precisely identify (and even harder to learn), but it's the difference between having a bunch of different elements - gameplay, visuals, sounds - running at the same time, and having a single *thing*, the game. It's worth more than the sum of its parts, as they say. Even outside of the main gameplay loop it maintains this, through the extensive lore and intel entries for every vehicle, weapon, and location in the game. Read them - really. They're good.Also, before getting farther into things, essential note: you can stomp things with your mech. Sometimes video games don't let you do this, or don't handle it in a satisfying way. Here, the stomping is good, very good. There's a palpable delay after you hit the ""stomp"" button as your mech winds up, and then - a shock wave, and a cacaphony, and everything in your immediate vicinity crashes down. The bigger the mech, the slower and more powerful the stomp. It feels great.The basic loop is start level, shoot everything, end level. It's satisfying, for the most part, although this isn't the kind of game I sit down and play for hours on end. More of a ""run through a couple missions when I have some free time"" kind of thing. Money from completed missions can be put towards unlocking new vehicles, weapons, and levels, or it can be used to unlock intel and lore entries. While sometimes this kind of locking-off of content can be bothersome, here it's not so bad. You can make enough running the easier missions that the difficulty curve doesn't make it impossible to make progress here. And I've found that the fact that lore and intel are initially locked off means I'm more likely to read through them once I do unlock them. Maybe this is just apologia for something I like, I dunno. But they're worth reading through! They point things out about the various places you visit and the vehicles you use to utterly destroy them that would be missed during normal gameplay, and help to bring together the overall narrative, reinforcing the bits you get from mission briefings and loadout text.The controls . . . well, as someone who only played Desert Strike at a friend's house, and that only for a few minutes at a time before the system's owner demanded I give up the controller, it took some getting used to. Actually, that's a lie - I'm still terrible with the default controls. Tank controls! They're tough when said tank is a small object on a busy screen (a beautiful screen, but a busy beautiful). Had they been the only option, I might not be writing this review, because I might not haven ended up playing enough to feel up to it. But an update did come, and screen-relative movement (as opposed to vehicle-relative) is an option for us folks who don't have the muscle memory ingrained from years of isometric shooters. Open up the options, scroll down, set a couple options, and now up really is up (or up-right, or up-left, depending on your preference). Seriously - the fact that the devs added this option speaks to their attentiveness to the fact that what works for one person might not work for another. That's a difficult sense to cultivate in any situation, but especially so in a nostalgia-fest like Brigador, where ""it's always been like this"" is often seen as the law of the land, rather than a potential area for improvement or iteration.The audio and visual quality here is superb. The mechs and tanks of you and your enemies are gorgeous, and the lighting - the lighting! It's fantastic! Each actor on the screen - be it your player vehicle, an opponent, or one of the innumerable civilians wandering around Syndicate-style - casts a glow from their headlights or flashlights, and the landscape is lit up by neon signs, streetlamps, and warning lights. And explosions, of course. And lasers. Those kinds of things. Projectiles light up the ground as they pass, making each battle into a lightshow. And your footsteps and engines thump and rumble, and your weapons - and this is a surprisingly rare thing, even in big-budget releases - actually sound like they have impact. The different factions involved - there are three whose equipment you can choose from - each have a distinct look and feel. The Loyalists are standard government military: olive drab, blocky, heavy armor. The Corvids are the raiders, the junkyard dogs, and their vehicles look the point, cobbled together from old cars and salvaged wreckage. Their ""Treehouse"" tank in particular comes to mind, a towering pile of scrap with a station wagon - a station wagon! - perched on top to serve as the housing for the main gun. And there's the Spacers, who are all, uh, weird-lookin'. Industrial, would be the word, I guess. Each class of vehicle (mech, tank, a-grav) has a number of weight classes, with the smallest being motorcycles or battlesuits and the largest standing multiple stories tall.Anyway, that's Brigador, in broad and narrow brush. Buy it, it's good."
,Recommended,274500,27016985,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mr. Steal Yo Gil,"Endless fun and stompy mech pleasure, stomp on things poorly at first then find your groove and stomp on them way better!  Be forced to learn new and unusual playstyles by beating the campaign! Make your own and argue about them on the forums! Get cheated out of win and yell at the devolpers directly, then have them scoff at you! Imagine piloting a Touro in your very own home town when not playing! All this and more awaits. Welcome, Brigador."
,Recommended,274500,27381831,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rob Rockley,"If you ever played Desert Strike, Jungle Strike, or Urban Strike on the Genesis way back in the 90s, you know exactly the kind of gameplay this is. Brigador is an awesome callback to the isometric vehicle shooters of that era, but has a lot of replayability and modernization that makes it a great game now.Brigador got some criticism at release for its challenging control scheme, but the devs added an alternate control scheme that some find easier- if controls were a turn-off before, give it another shot. This game is a true labor of love for a small indie studio - buy Brigador and support some cool guys while getting an awesomely fun and absolutely gorgeous urban demolition sandbox game."
,Recommended,274500,27385910,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Schmegeggi,"Brigador is a super-cool throwback to a simpler time in gaming. The isometric graphics, the Blade Runner meets MechWarrior art mashup, and the killer soundtrack by Makeup and Vanity Set make this an aweome game. Good for short bursts or long hours of playtime!"
76561198052306841,Recommended,274500,27306112,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Morgenson,This game is a hidden gem. It is challenging. It is beautiful. It is simple yet engaging. More people should know about it
,Recommended,274500,30929091,Posted: 3 April,all,"Euron ""Thots Begone"" Greyjoy","This is a great, challenging game. You really have to think about how to tackle the maps and which objectives you can even hope to accomplish before escaping with security forces hounding your every move. There is even a basic stealth mechanic, which I do not think Ive ever seen in a mech shooter.Note: I play this game on the move a lot, and my hours played is not representative due to intermittent internet."
,Recommended,274500,30925926,Posted: 3 April,all,ketzacoalt,"Mechs, great gameplay, great soundtrack, great devs. What's not to love?"
76561198025429361,Recommended,274500,30925948,Posted: 3 April,all,Broken Orange,Top down mech shooter that oozes 80's anesthetics. Impossible  not to recommend if any of that interests you.
76561197963727947,Recommended,274500,30934760,Posted: 3 April,all,Capt. Jamison,"Fun as hell, just wish I had more time to play."
76561198136329514,Recommended,274500,26888890,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,(chosen by himself)Apex Predator,Really fun Mech Shooter...My only complaint is that you have to hold E the whole time
76561198104196830,Recommended,274500,30911799,Posted: 2 April,all,DarkHorse,Awesome top down shooter...it reminds me of C&C Tiberian Sun just this time I get to control my Titan!
76561198044725801,Recommended,274500,26280104,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,you couldint save us,"I like the part when you blow stuff up.Can be a little tricky to get used to the controls, but once you get into the swing of things it's a super satisfying game to pilot. Deserves a lot more love!"
,Recommended,274500,30910905,Posted: 2 April,all,Devtek,"A fun, challenging twinstickish mech combat game set in a compelling universe with tons of sweet sweet lore."
,Recommended,274500,30912520,Posted: 2 April,all,eric,"This game is a tough-as-nails, badass manic beautiful riptide of bullets and explosions with incredible music and a freaking pantry boy."
76561198022918865,Recommended,274500,26639786,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,CptnREDmark,"I went to a talk the developer gave at MIGS and bought the game on the spot. aside from some wonky controls the game is very good and lots of fun.3 things to remember1. A grav is easier to control2. difficulty of a mission really depends on the tools you bring, but less tools = greater reward3. are you really the good guy?"
,Recommended,274500,26931147,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rangutang,"This game should have done a lot better than it did when it was first released. It's got this insane synthwave vibe to it, and feels really good to play. Each level plays a different way, depending on what vehicle you march into it with. Highly replayable, and well worth the price."
76561198087312850,Recommended,274500,30925349,Posted: 3 April,all,tier,A+
,Recommended,274500,30923509,Posted: 3 April,all,MrChlorophyll,"What a rad game. Incredible look, amazing soundtrack, and it plays like a dream. It's a crime how seemingly overlooked this game is. Treat yourself to this cool thing."
,Recommended,274500,30914566,Posted: 2 April,all,lafittejean,"Brigador is a wonderful stompy game of explosions and large robots that can surprise you with how tactical it can get. Not to mention the atmosphere and aestetic, in between appearances and the music you will be engrossed by Solo Nobre. It's a great game and I'm glad to support it."
76561197993696095,Recommended,274500,26756974,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,RHIT_Dravis,"This game is very reminiscent of some older isometric vehicle combat games, such as Desert Strike, but with much shorter and faster-paced missions.The controls take some time to get used to, and it has some complex and non-obvious game mechanics. This can make it frustrating at first, but it's a lot of fun once you get the hang of it.Anyone starting the game should pay particular attention to the stealth and noise mechanics. The biggest threat is always getting swarmed and surrounded. Noise from attacks and explosions attracts enemies. Learning to disengage from or avoid overwhelming fights by breaking line-of-sight (using cover, stealth, or smoke) is an important first step."
76561198123990140,Recommended,274500,30917407,Posted: 3 April,all,TheLuggage,Awesome game. Love the cool look they have going. The gameplay is fantastic and a great timesink.It takes a little while to get used to the controls but totally worth it.Definitely recommended.
76561197988214044,Recommended,274500,26834438,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,WaylenS.,"Tl.dr: A hidden gem that doesn't get the love it deserves. If you like epic mech fights and stylish retro graphics, this is for you!First, don't look at Screenshots, the game looks much better in motion. The pixelated retro graphics surely are not for everyone, but I really like the aesthetic and the graphics of the game.3 Factions, each has walkers, tanks and antig-gravs. Lots of vehicles, lots of weapons ergo a huge amount of combinations to play around with and to wreak havoc on the city of Solo Nobre. There is a series of story missions and a freelance mode, with each mission you earn cash to unlock new gear and missions.In short, hours of epic battles with high replay value. Greatly recommended!"
,Recommended,274500,26990930,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,sno`,"Been following Brigador pretty mutch since the beginning. Bought it the second it got onto steam and i dont regret doing so. It's rather the opposite.The Devs have been very active, delivering frequent patches and keeping their community informed with the direction they are headed for. The result speaks for itself."
,Recommended,274500,26990486,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Doomhunter,"What a great game! Awesome visuals, fantasic soundtrack and super fun gameplay! 10/10!"
,Recommended,274500,30916028,Posted: 2 April,all,TiRoSu,"A really fun, stylish tactical shooter. Music and atmosphere are great."
76561198063663213,Recommended,274500,30916073,Posted: 2 April,all,Firesteel,"When I first started playing Brigador around it's launch it was exactly what I needed. It's a simple but incredibly rewarding mech sim filled with love by the developers and absolute hatred towards you from the enemies. It requires both good reflexes and a careful approach to most combat situations which isn't something that common anymore. Raw mechanical skill will only get you so far since your vehicle's shield will only hold out for so long against sustained enemy fire.While I can't say it's as complex as the MechWarrior games of old, it's a wonderful spiritual successor to the dead mech sim genre that is quite the achievement for a team of four.Oh, and it's PURDY."
76561198010601966,Recommended,274500,30909655,Posted: 2 April,all,PsychoLandlord,"I could write a lengthy synopsis about the laborious process of creating this wonderful game the developers went through, and I could write glowing praise about how the developers continue to support it to this day, adding content for free, with more on the horizon, and continue to be heavily involved in community discussion across the internet, and I could even write about meticulous the balance process is, and how transparent the developers make it for the players, so that we can provide helpful feedback, which they listen to. I could write about all of these things, and I should.But really all you need to know is that in this game, you can ride tractor taped to a pair of legs down a busy street, utilizing a massive bass speaker to gib civilians around you as you fire grenades filled with a horrific chemical weapon into a infantry platoon charging towards the noise you created, none the wiser about what they were facing. And you will love every second of it, you horrible person."
,Recommended,274500,30918225,Posted: 3 April,all,Squiddy,"An amazing game that could most CERTAINLY use more recognition.  Kick♥♥♥♥♥soundtrack, deeplore™, rewarding gameplay, and an awesome artstyle that strongly resembles Command & Conquer: Tiberian Sun.This game is quite niche, and takes some getting used to the controls, but if you have enough dedication (and know what you're getting in to) then this game is for you."
,Recommended,274500,30915261,Posted: 2 April,all,Deus Aequus,This game totally rules. It is very hard game but in a way that actually feels fair. If you remotely think you might enjoy it buy it like it is just good.
,Recommended,274500,30925748,Posted: 3 April,all,Tom (Cryohazard),"Have to recommend this just because it oozes style and has more depth than your typical shmup, plus the amount of unlockable content is absurd."
76561198047292553,Recommended,274500,23389700,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,devilindupriest,"I'm only 2 hours in so far, normally I'd wait longer to write a review, but this game is great.  I've gotten my♥♥♥♥♥kicked on the first couple of tutorial campaign missions a couple of times and I'm loving it.  From what I can see of the available unlocks I'm just going to love it more and more as I get further.  There's plenty of gameplay vids and other reviews if you want to know more about how the game plays, so I'm not going to bother reiterating all of that.  But just in general for the type of game it is, definite and absolute thumbs up from me.  I've got like 400+ unplayed games in my library and everything I tried just wasn't really catching my interest in the past week, but this totally has.  I was more than happy to pay my money just to have it sit in my library just because it has the word 'mech' in it's description, but this has been an absolute pleasant surprise all around."
76561198258925379,Recommended,274500,23477868,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,tempchar,very fun game. It is interesting but can also be frustrating at times if you are not very good at video games. definately worth the $20 dollars I spent. 5/5 would shart again.
76561197962336650,Recommended,274500,23463264,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Ramito,Chido asi.
76561198002784244,Recommended,274500,23463713,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,pred,A bit repetetive and can be chaotic but fun if your raid works out well.
,Recommended,274500,23492724,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Izunundara,Were you one of the blessed few to play Bedlam?WELCOMETO BEDLAM 3: THE BEDLAMININGPLAY THIS RIGHT NOW
76561198106414786,Recommended,274500,23460412,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,MechGruber,"I love it.The gameplay is silky smooth and rewards patience and strategy, even though it unfolds quite fast. The 80's-inspired isometric graphics are gorgeous and overflowing with little details. The sound of your mech crunching over buildings and vehicles is super satisfying and addictive. The game is difficult, but fair. There were only a couple missions I had to restart several times. If you're tired of shallow AAA games where you just run around and collect stuff and go through the same old motions, this might be your breath of fresh air. It also helps if you have a fondness for 90's PC games!9/10"
,Recommended,274500,23371909,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Raven800,"Early Access version was fun. Don't care too much for the official release.campaign mode doubles as the game's ""challenge mode"" as the missions are rediculessly hard and only allow you to take pre-set loadouts and pilots, and freelance mode could have been this game's ""campaign"" mode as this is the only mode where you need to unlock all your weapons, equipment, vehicles, misisons and new pilots with money you earn through each deployment. The game's controls for certain vehicles can be difficult to master but I do enjoy the ""tanky"" controls they use for tanks and walkers. ""Agrav"" vehicles are the ones i have difficulty piloting in this game.The campaign wasn't very engaging, all it was is diolog padding to establish what's going on in this game's universe and who these factions are and what happens to your pilot(s) in the end when you complete the series of missions. Then it's off to freelancer mode where things get a bit more interesting. here you can choose your pilot, vehicle, primary and secondary weapons and special ability for said vehicle before chosing a mission to play on. the pilot you use determins your general experience with the game as the determin what your starting difficulty is, how much difficulty increases per level, and what the maximum difficulty level will be as you progress through the mission you've selected. each vehicle has different stats as well as different types of weapon hardpoints and each weapon specializes in many various stats such as hull damage, shield damage, and penetration. This is where the game becomes the most fun as you try and complete missions for money to unlock more weapons and vehicles and save up to unlock the final pilot in the game ""Precursor James"" so that you may test your skill as a Brigador Pilot."
76561198070385293,Recommended,274500,23745717,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,James Russel,"Very fun game with unique style and very engaging mechanics.  Plenty of customization in terms of type of mech (3 ""classes"") and a plethora of weapons and defensive measures.  Blowing up other mechs and buildings (the levels are entirely destructible) feels ""crunchy"" if that makes sense.  Like in a good way.Also blasting jury-rigged technicals full of space marxists with autocannons and radiation guns feels good fam"
,Recommended,274500,24048328,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Hildemar Dasce,"It's Tiberian Sun's cool uncle who smokes and wears sunglasses at night and who is also an action game instead of an RTS.Tight controls, addictive gameplay, but above all a wonderfully realised style and tone.Bought at full price, no regrets."
76561198017586082,Recommended,274500,24307620,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,TheSpaniard,"Sick game, tons of mechs, many different pilots, fast paced, but also tactical! Many different play styles depending on the type of vehicle/mech you decide to bring into a mission. A lot of replyability, I highly reccommend this unique gem."
,Recommended,274500,21510881,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Fern,Fun arcade shootfest. this game is just plain fun. the sound track is great and the whole style of it is very visually appealing.eventually it will have some kind of storyline or campaign I gather.At the moment its basically skirmish. but man. is it fun.really reminds me of some of the older mech anime series and cyberpunk anime/manga.So im really looking forward to see how the game gets better.Definately Reccomend you buy it if you like some top down isometric shooties.edit:  and also. really really reminded me of the art style of syndicate from way back in the day. for which it gets kudos :D
76561197982025140,Recommended,274500,20133299,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,q.S Sachiel,"Early Access Review:A solid little title.Probably best described as a good blend of SCHMUP and Strategy isometric shooter, Brigador is currently sitting in my 'Gem' folder - and it's only in Early Access.Pumping, pulsing electronic soundtrack; neon lights from environment and gunfire; beautifully rendered sprite environment (which is fully destructable and with multiple stages of damage being detailled just as finely through their beautiful art style).  People have compared it to Syndicate although I never played.  It feels more like a Crusader mixed with Mech Commander to me.Pilot one of several mechs/tanks/hovercraft with a selection of primary/secondary weapons and a special skill (stealth/assault modifier item) and murder your way through a city for the good of the people!There are -currently- 4 'zones', of which the first three contain 4 levels.  The final zone being the 'Solo Nobre' of the trailers which has 12 levels within.  There is currently no save feature, so running an assault on Solo Nobre is quite the marathon (if you can make it in and out alive).  Enemies initially are light and sparse but quickly ramp up to heavy and thick in numbers as you progress, creating a tense and exhilerating environment to literally shake to the ground.At this point in time, it still feels 'bare' in that there is no story, the pre-mission screens are sparse and look like under construction, certain assets appear to be missing, and it's really just 'the game' without bells or whistles at the moment.The game however plays and feels excellent and is still having things added to it.If you're a fan of shmups, isometric action/tactics (real time) or cut your teeth on Mechwarrior or Heavy Gear (or the like) as i did as a child, this is definitely something to either get, or watch the price on."
76561198034908082,Recommended,274500,18861667,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Bane,"Yes, more of this please."
,Recommended,274500,28447872,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,MaNgEkYo [OST],Challenging game with great atmosphere
76561198055658704,Recommended,274500,27371469,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,warmachine48,Best war crime simulator I've ever played.
,Recommended,274500,28748686,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,BoneDaddy,"Giant death machinesChaos and destructionGreat soundtrackGood challengeThis game is awesome.  Downside for me is the controls for the vehicles.  I get that the controls are suppose to be awkward on purpose (since your piloting a mech, tech, or a hover tank) its somewhat annoying to get used to, especially the hover tank.Anyways.  This game is great.  And with the price it has right now, its worth it.  Also a good game if you just want to kill some time."
76561197977592570,Recommended,274500,31000430,Posted: 7 April,all,Kolbex,"Love it. Check out the novelization by Bradley Buckmaster, too. A game tie-in novel worth reading! Also, if you're having trouble with a controller, I actually find the keyboard and mouse easier to play with, weirdly."
,Recommended,274500,29157549,Posted: 9 January,all,ничего не понимаю,"Fun for a bit, great cyberpunk atmosphere and music and I like the ramshackle designs of the vehicles, the controls, although wonky at first are quickly adaptable and a number of different control schemes are in the options; I also like how all of the weapons have a good hearty feel to them that's different for each gun. I never actually finished the game (it is quite difficult and twin stick shooters aren't my forte) but I had fun throughout the time I did spend and the story seems designed around drop in drop out play; actively making fun of video game lore by saying ""for more details purchase LORE."" If twin sticks are your thing I'd definitely recommend but if not I'd still recommend it for the atmosphere and design but wait for a sale"
,Recommended,274500,30943152,Posted: 4 April,all,asmodeos,"Excellent shooter.  Fast, fun and exciting.  The controls are tight.  The graphics are fun and interesting.  The sense of scale and the old school design are awesome."
,Recommended,274500,23968228,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Flerb,"The controls are weird but so is the setting!This ia obviously a labor of love and super fun to play, once of course you get used to the controls, which you will!STOMP STOMP KILL KILL KILL MASH MASH MASH DACKA DACKA DACKA DACKA PEOW PEOPW PEOW SUPER LASER!"
76561197985659428,Recommended,274500,23911563,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Disco Fantastic,"At first the game looks like a run n' gun top down shooter. It's certainly possible to play it that way, but you probably won't achieve great success. It's a little slower than that, a bit of a light sim. To truely shine you need scheme and ambush. Pop through trees onto unsuspecting baddies, dash around corners to stomp sentries to death before they can call for help, toss long bomb artillary from several city blocks away on top of a tank group, drop smoke and turn main street into a killing field, that sort of stuff. It becomes increasingly satisfying as these little thing become second nature, and you find yourself rending armies into heaps of burning wreckage without a scratch.There's a lot to do and unlock in this game. There's the standard campaign mode where on most missions you'll choose from one of four vehicles as a sort of difficulty selector, and then the freelance mode with a seemingly endless combination of vehicles and weapons and dozens of maps. Enough to keep you busy for awhile. They did a good job on the varity of vehicles and weaponry as well. While some certainly feel similar to others they never feel copy pasted.I really like this game. It's great to hop into for 30 minutes and have a quick bit of fun, and it's also got that ""well just one more time"" hook that has you looking up and realizing you've been playing for 6 hours. It may seem a bit fiddly at first, but give it some time, get the feel for it, and remember that you're piloting a vehicle not hoofing it around. Be sure to try out all the different vehicle classes since they all control differently, and you maybe all thumbs with a mech, but a natural in a-grav. I'd personally recommend starting off with the tank type since I think it will feel more familiar to most people. Also the distance you aim controls the altitude of the shot, so if you want to nail that a-grav in your face you need to aim far past them."
,Recommended,274500,23830217,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,the big red machine,"good♥♥♥♥♥♥ reminds me of an old westwood game or somtehing interplay would publish. love the music and lore, also all the pilot portraits are neat. the game is a lot of fun and i like crouching in a mech and opening heavy fire on everyone"
76561198073654543,Recommended,274500,32260946,Posted: 7 June,all,Pepsi prime,"YES YES A MILLION TIMES I WOULD RECCOMEND THIS GAME. It is amazing!!You go around and blow things up with lazers, bombs, machine guns, you name it. There are lots of vehicles and mechs to control, and using them to destroy literally everything in sight (and I do mean it- you can destroy EVERYTHING) is a BLAST (pun intended) This is one of the most satisfying and one of the most unique games I have ever played.If this game looks even SLIGHTLY interesting to you, pick it up. I wasn't sure myself before I bought it, but now I am in love with this game, the lore, its style, and just blowing everything and everyone up.The only complaint I have is that the controls can be a bit wonky and hard to get used to but they do not hinder the game at all. In fact, I'd say it makes you feel even more like you're in control of a large unwieldy death-machine.In short: This game is a literal blast and I love playing it. It is so satisfying and one of the most pure modern gaming experiences I have ever had."
,Recommended,274500,32258433,Posted: 7 June,all,lothartvni,Brigador is pretty good even if all you want to do is test out different loadouts on some vehicles. The weapon combinations offer a lot of different tactics and there are a lot of different ways you can put together weapons and vehicles. The visuals are good and the maps looks pretty great. Especially after you've leveled a few city blocks.
76561197971918770,Recommended,274500,32259704,Posted: 7 June,all,dfelarca,Fun game. Using the Varlet (a golf cart) is quite a challenge.
,Recommended,274500,32225926,Posted: 6 June,all,Inertial,Fantastical old school nostalgic isometric death and destruction. Reminds me of old classics like the Crusader: No Regret series or Gender Wars (A silly old fun game). Can't believe I waited this ♥♥♥♥ing long to buy this.
76561197972382139,Recommended,274500,32162650,Posted: 3 June,all,proveordie,"This is the first game I played in a long time which made me actually feel like like I used to when I played games.  The gameplay is fun and satisfying, and it is just the right mix of fresh and nostalgic.  It reminds me of playing Syndacit, Crusader No Remorse and those old top down Mech Warrior games on SNES as a kid.  I honesly hope that I keep playing this game."
76561198002213629,Recommended,274500,32180384,Posted: 4 June,all,AllNamesTakenLOL,Game is amazing. Buy it!
,Recommended,274500,32182407,Posted: 4 June,all,Lúceen,"On the day when I didn't want to play Overwatch, Skyrim, or anything at all really, I got email notification from steam about discounted game from my wishlist. ""What the hell,"" I thought - ""Somebody told me it was his personal Game of the Year 2016. About time I give it a shot"". I gave it a shot and was blown away. I haven't had such experience since ""Battletech"", ""Desert/Jungle/Urban Strike"", back in the days of Sega Genesis. Fun, aggressive, destructive. Or maybe cold-blooded, stealthy and devastating? It depends on loadout. But satisfying anyway."
,Recommended,274500,32176837,Posted: 4 June,all,BrassBass,Sci-Fi mech rampaging at it's best.  No other game lets you stomp the population of a suburb to paste with iron shoes!
,Recommended,274500,32177084,Posted: 4 June,all,Mittens,"fantastic  game,  art style,  music,  and atmosphere  are all top quality.Game controls tight with  wide  variety of units and challenging  missions.Ui  can be  Little confusing  but it's well worth your time and money9.4/10"
,Recommended,274500,30180123,Posted: 25 February,all,DoneInAnger,"GREAT LEADER IS DEAD. SOLO NOBRE MUST FALL. WELCOME BRIGADOR.Dear Diary,Today I piloted a giant mech that had enough firepower to PUNCH GOD IN HIS STUPID FACE.It was a good day.-m.p.C.C."
,Recommended,274500,32273794,Posted: 8 June,all,[EX] Blarg227,"This game is an excellent throwback to mech combat games in the 90's. The visual style is amazing! The Soundtrack, done by Makeup And Vanity Set is absolutely ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic!!! The sound production is great! The gameplay is VERY satisfying, and you really feel like your piloting an unstoppable behemoth!GET THIS GAME"
76561198021308169,Recommended,274500,32276665,Posted: 8 June,all,Shovel Lover,Relaunched just in time for the anniversary of the Killdozer!
76561197981609203,Recommended,274500,32276803,Posted: 8 June,all,Mynop,"I had this game sitting in my wishlist for a long period of time,and when I finally purchased it, whoo~ boy was it worth my money.Drive and maneuver many different vehicles, ranging from,heavy mechs, tanks and anti-gravity vehicles.Each with their unique gameplay mechanics, harpoints and maneuverability.Equip them with dozens of various weapons, like, mortars, cannons, gatling guns,missile launchers, rail guns, etc...The sheer amount of unlockables is amazing, and I really enjoy playing the freelance mode,where you choose everything, from pilot, vehicle, weaponry, sub-equipment and then a mission you want to tackle.Upon successfully completing a mission, you'll get money, which you use to unlock items.Brigador reminds me a lot of old games like Desert Strike, Jungle Strike and Urban Strike,but instead of having ""destroy these first"", ""then rescue this"", ""before time runs out destroy these"",you are given a vehicle, and told ""hey this is your mission, do it the way you like, also, don't worry of destroying buildings"".The soundscape is fantastic, and together with absolutely beautiful 80's soundtrack, it all greatly falls into an one big great experience.In the end, Brigador is a satisfying, game of wreacking havoc and destruction everywhere you go, no matter which vehicle you drive, in the neon light streets while blasting your cannons in unison with the great beats of the soundtrack.Varlet/10"
76561198258209875,Recommended,274500,28652499,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Steven,"Thanks, devs. Sorry it took me 6 months to realize you responded. Found the settings to fix the control sceme. I think this option should be made much more easy to find, but hey, it's there, and I can enjoy the game now. Have an upvote."
76561197962765108,Recommended,274500,32561742,Posted: 19 June,all,JonnyCigarettes,"The best Godzilla game yet made, with richly detailed, entirely destructible environments through which you can stomp your own routes. The writing is gorgeous and jet-black funny - every mech, weapon and pilot has it's own story and there are a lot of each. The character art is exquisite. Go on - let loose your car-sized guns and level an entire district in seconds."
76561198109898661,Recommended,274500,33299419,Posted: 5 July,all,SlimeParty,-Lines up perfect shot to stealithy kill an enemy--proceeds to ignore the building in the way--fires--dies-10/10
76561198002315662,Recommended,274500,26891444,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,wallacetothe2,"Brigador Up - Armored Edition Review - This update to Brigador refines the gameplay that was already there. The beginning of the campaign now spends much more time explaing its control scheme and tactics the player can use with the different vehicles. After not playing for a couple months, Brigador is still fun and refreshing.Brigador is a fun game and it's also really cool. The scenario is crafted in a way that feels familiar and fresh at the same time. It would be cool if they created DLC or another game that was related to Brigador's universe. As for the gameplay, It tends to be varied probably because of all the options available to the player once he or she has some mastery of the controls. Yes, mastering the control scheme was tricky for me and I still need more practice. However, the contols aren't complicated in the least so people willing to invest a little time into the game are bound to unlock more satisfaction than the intial frustration that may come during the early sessions.This game isn't perfect. It could use a little more depth like a deeper managerial aspect. However everything that's in Brigador is top notch.I'll leave you with a phrase that sounds foreign to my Steam filled ears. Brigador is a bargain even at full price."
,Recommended,274500,33659633,Posted: 19 July,all,Matze,"Aiming is a bit unprecise and the tank controls are hard to get into, but they added a lot of tutorials recently so it becomes more manageable. The destruction feels good and walking through the detailed worlds is satisfying. However having to reduce the game speed to get through the difficult levels crowded with enemies was a weird choice to balance the game. Also the double load time is annoying when you enter and exit a level especially when you die often. The free roam mode is forgettable. However the bits that tell story and lore in simple, but very well written short texts with black humour is impressive and really got me hooked and immersed."
76561198025901337,Recommended,274500,33743828,Posted: 23 July,all,groszek,Solid gameplay with tons of levels and enemies. Lots of very different weapons. Keep coming back for just one more level.Only thing it's missing now is multiplayer.
,Recommended,274500,33733454,Posted: 22 July,all,The 3rd Runner,"Tl;dr an instant classic that, while not providing the degree of customization of games like Armored Core, still manages to nail everything a good mech* game should be.So, this one's an isometric shooter where you take control of various mercenary pilots, the Brigadors, employed by Not-Weyland Yutani to take back the colony of Novo Solo from various occupying factions, now that the capital has plunged into chaos due to the governement's collapse.To help this lovely corporate conglomerate kick out unwanted squatters from their colony you can either follow the campaign (set loadouts and objectives per mission, gradually increasing difficulty, good to try out various combinations of vehicles and weapons for free) or take on Freelance jobs, set of two to five or more chained missions where mostly everything is up to you to buy, from pilots (that actually change the difficulty of the mission), vehicles (mechs, tanks or agravs), weapons and objectives you want to complete in the first place.Either way, what's waiting for you is some intense mech-on-tank combat in completely destructible enviroments ranging from your classic neon-soaked city blocks to more rural areas like farm complexes or even cemeteries, because screw ethics, this is war.Another Metal Gear-sized middle finger to ethics is given by the surprisingly vast arsenal of this game, that while lacking any sort of guided weapory, makes up for it by adding more...creative options, like microwave emitters that literally fry people alive in their cockpits or cluster mortars that give you the chance to literally rain fire, pulverizing entire city blocks in one round. The more ""subtle"" options like chainguns, cannons, and good old lasers are just as effective though, and even if you're not allowed to mount any weapon on any vehicle (the guns themselves are divide into Main, Aux, Heavy and Small, available in several combinations), the game still let's you get creative enough, with combos that get close enough to be delicious game brakers.The icing on this cake of simple (not *easy*) but well thought out gameplay is this cyberpunkish atmosphere, a combination of well crafted worldbuilding (or ""lore"") and top quality OST (thanks, Makeup + Vanity Set!) that just drives the game home and makes it feel like something Hideo Kojima would have played to come up with the idea for Snatcher.Yeah, i may be a bit biased since this game kinda strikes *all* the right nerves in me, but really, it's a solid, polished and just well made game that any self respecting mech fan should have in their library."
76561197970961690,Recommended,274500,35426628,Posted: 2 October,all,pösmunk,"Retro 90's feeling done right. Also a fantastic mech game. Isometric. Works very well on linux. The only thing missing being a map-editor.At first I felt it was a bit fast paced but I soon realized that the pacing is kind of set by the player. In other words, I got carried away... Stomping through buildings and turning enemy tanks, houses and civilians into ash and dust."
,Recommended,274500,35436020,Posted: 2 October,all,Isdar,"Steam wants me to put something here to say; ""Yes"" to ""Do you recommend this game?"""
