user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,274520,11392542,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Spirit,"Full disclosure: review copy provided by developer/publisher!I'm about one... maybe two good jump scares away from being institutionalized. Playing as an Indonesian schoolgirl with a magic phone, an archeologist with amnesia, and a toddler with diapers full to the brim has had an ill effect on me. My heart just can't take it – my mind just can't take it. The filaments that hold my fragile psyche aloft are pulled taut, straining as each frayed fiber falters and my sanity slips closer towards the cold, dark depths of derangement. Which isn't super great, really. But I'll gladly surrender my faculties for a game as fun as “Darkwood.”“Darkwood” isn't a “Slender” or “Amnesia” clone. This is a game in the vein of old school horror where atmosphere was king – you'll hear lots of comparisons to the “Silent Hill” series. The key to good horror is cultivating a crushing, foreboding world environment... one that fosters paranoia and unease the whole way through. Sure, jumpscares are necessary to finally break the tension, but the best horror games are dripping and oozing in atmosphere. The whole world should FEEL hostile, not just the denizens that inhabit it. This game doesn't want you playing it, no. It wants to play you.Here's what you can expect playing “Darkwood:” your hands should be clammy with an itch you can't scratch, not now. Your face should be inches from your monitor, blinking only when necessary, scanning wildly back and forth for something, ANYTHING, to betray the game's ill intent. As you talk with each bizarre NPC you should feel nervous, wondering when the conversation will go from benignly creepy to malignantly violent. And when you finally encounter an unspeakable horror, you'll have to make that gut decision whether to run or stand your ground. I recommend running. Like with all survivor horrors, you are at a notable disadvantage. You'll also be able to set up hasty barricades... rocking back and forth as claws scratch and jaws click outside, tearing your defenses down piece by piece.There are a lot of cool things happening with this game. Your vision is funneled, forcing the aforementioned wild scanning. You can see the world generally in your “peripheral vision,” but you have to be looking relatively dead-on to see any actual threats. They'll be effectively invisible otherwise. You'll inject yourself with concoctions extracted from fauna and flora that provide mutations. They will grant a boost in one way and a hindrance in another. There's a crafting aspect that's pretty basic right now but feels natural... rough and raw. Besides health you have a stamina meter, one you'll have to keep an eye on when deciding whether to fight or fly. Graphically speaking, “Darkwood” isn't exactly next gen, but it is highly stylized and creepy. It's a beautiful, dark, Gothic painting – like the ones where the eyes follow you wherever you go and it talks smack about your mother. And the music will chill you to the bone. If the environment and enemies start to give you a little break, don't worry. The music will swell and put you right back on edge, or the heavy creaks and sudden cracks of the sound design.Like any good horror this is a challenging game. I do recommend playing with permadeath on. Adds to the spook factor! Anticipate shedding lots of your own pixelated blood. My biggest gripes? It's hard to determine sometimes (between how dark the game is and how... generally dark the colors are) what  I can search and interact with and what's just a creepy thingy. The controls also take some getting used to, but that seems appropriate considering the genre.Now seeing that this is an Early Access title my recommendation is tentative and subject to change. But at the moment there is nothing out on Steam quite like this. Every day you hear people bemoan the death of “true survival horror,” myself being one of them. Well folks, it wasn't dead. Just waiting for the right moment to sing its siren song... and draw us in at least once more, into those dark and dreary woods where light dares not penetrate and your screams can't quite escape."
76561198054444999,Recommended,274520,11417073,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Bronzing Walrus,"<Subject to change>My first few hours in Darkwood were certainly very interesting, after the impressive prologue I decided to go speak to an NPC i was advised to find. After I did this I realised daylight was running out, and here's what happened next:-Returned to my safehouse and pushed a wardrobe up against a gaping hole in the wall.-Panicked because I didn't bother to collect the tools necessary to barricade the house.-Everything is now pitch black, my cone of vision istiny-I weep as I slowly walk myself to the 'front lobby' room because it has no windows to reduce the chance of being spotted.-I hear the moans of some unknown ethereal horror-Check both the exterior and interior door to ensure they are closed-The moaning gets louder-The action prompt for the front door now says 'close door', meaning it has beenopened-My cone of vision is still 2-3ft btw-I quickly close the door-The prompt changed to 'close door' again-I close the door again-Moaning is still extremely loud-Continue in this pattern for 60 seconds in sheer terror before the door finally stays closed for a while.-I sigh a breath of relief-Something swiftly moves past the far edge of my cone of vision-*very loud moaning continues*-The monster was in the lobby with me for the whole night-I'm sure i'm going to die-Suddenly Daybreak-*Day 2*"
76561197972382461,Recommended,274520,34379367,Posted: 20 August,all,DoGCyN,"Wow, what a journey. A top down actual survival horror game that actually has an intriguing storyline. Categories typically get a base score, followed by pros and cons.Graphics: 9/10==========Many will question why I give this game a 9. I don't believe graphics have to have 1000000000 polygons to be good. This game chose a more pixel style of graphics with what I believe to be some hand drawn environments. Whatever it is, the composition comes together so damn well. The Depth of field on trees that are high up in the air way above your character, to the animations of enemies and your character, to the fire and flames and 3D buildings. It all looks great and has fantastic polish. Well done. +9Story: 8/10========This is a game where I can't really give a synopsis to what is going on. You will just have to play the game. +8Some major/minor character questlines have unexplained and unforetold consequences to the story and your surrounding environment. This isn't necessarily a bad thing but it has a chance of frustrating you since you probably won't be able to go back and change it (unless you reset very quickly). As someone who always tries to achieve the best ending possible, this affected my ""try not to die"" playthrough. +/- 0Sound/Music: 10/10==============10 out of freaking 10. This is a game where you will constantly be saying to yourself ""wtf was that noise."" From the subtle footsteps you'll occasionally hear of someone walking around in your hideout that isn't you, to the creepy eerie music that confronts you upon approaching a critical point in the storyline. It's all brilliant. +9No jumpscares. +1Gameplay: 9/10===========Gameplay revolves around scouraging for supplies and progressing the storyline in the daytime, to surviving the nighttime in your house against the perils of the forest. +2Crafting system is easy to understand, works great, and is implemented without frustration (besides missing a needed supply). +1Fair difficulty settings ranging from Normal (infinite lives), to Hard (limited lives), to Nightmare (one life). +1Enemies are varied in difficulty as the game progresses and all have unique abilities that might just end your 1 life playthrough. They are however readable, learnable, and aren't frustrating to deal with. You get the hard mode without the headache. +2Again, no jumpscares. +1Events that take place directly at the hideout at nighttime are brilliant and creepy. One night you may not encounter a single enemy, but instead will find someone knocking on your door to leave you supplies. Another night you'll face against 10 Huge Dogs. Good luck. +2Unique category, Lighting and Vision: 10/10================================Darkwood gets its own category of how it handles the lighting and the vision in this game. It takes into account not only the visual perspective of your character's eyes, but also of electricity, and fire, and whatever the hell those things are later in the game that emit light. Sometimes an enemy will temporarily destroy all electrical sources of light. Lets hope you have some torches or a flare! Even things such as getting poisoned, or drunk on alcohol will affect your given vision, typically narrowing it for a period. And there are abilities that give you greater vision. Some enemies simply require that you don't look directly at them, no matter how close you may be to them, and they can't do a damn thing to you.It's these things that I feel needed to be accounted for, for how brilliantly they're used. Well done. +10Overall: 9.2/10 (46/50 = 0.92)=====================It's not often I buy a game that I am just so utterly excited to play again the next day. I'm sure I'm not the only one. For what Darkwood is, it nails just about every aspect of its intended presentation. Well done developers!"
76561198095789933,Recommended,274520,34560926,Posted: 28 August,all,McDuff,"The developer posted a torrent of this game on♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to help gamers who don't have the money to buy this. I bought the game because of this. Haven't played it, but would definitely recommend it, because the developer seems to care about the community."
,Recommended,274520,11432395,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Thimor,This games makes a great impression in the prologue and in your first night out of the tutorial.Mine went like this.-I was able to gather a bit of resources and boarded up a door and a window-I turned on the generator since I moved a lamp into a room I thought would be perfect-I moved the lamp to the window which was boarded up so I could see outside as well as inside-As the night got darker I see creatures outside through the small cracks within the boarded up window-Moans closing in and sounds of furniture moving in the room next to mine-The generator dies and everything is now pitch black-I sit for a while in the darkness-When the door opens and this THING enters-I was luckily able to kill it with my plank with nails in it-Close the door and hold out-Day 2 starts and I leave the room I was in-I check the house to see how it got in-NOTHING was moved from its original spot and no windows or doors were brokenSo...how did it get in?
,Recommended,274520,34386287,Posted: 20 August,all,STICKY,"I abstained from writing this review until Darkwood was publicly released. That being said, I've owned this game well over two years, so I've got quite a bit to say. To compare this game to others would be a crime, but if I had to, I'd say that Darkwood feels like playing Hotline Miami, if HM were inside of the Blair Witch Project.The top-down perspective may seem like an odd choice for a survival horror, but it ends up working very well in Darkwood, since your cone of vision is small, and the added challenge of having to mouse over areas to see underneath tree cover adds to a perfectly executed sense of claustrophobia.The primary gameplay loop of Darkwood is fairly simple: Explore, scavenge, and arm yourself during the day, then gas up your generator and wait out the night. If you fail to make it back to your safehouse and power on the lights before dark, Bad Things® will happen. What makes nighttime truly terrifying in Darkwood is the lack of a sleep mechanic: You are awake at all times and constantly afraid that your pitiful house defenses will be breached and you'll suffer Even More Bad Things®.The sound design also adds so much to that tension of waiting out the night. You'll hear footsteps outside your door. You'r door will be beaten upon. Things will go bump in the night, and you'll be cowering in the corner waiting, praying, for that music to start and your screen to go red, signifying the successful survival of another night.Setting and plot wise, Darkwood has the most compelling location and premise of any horror game I've ever played. I won't spoil much, just remember to respect the trees.Controls and game feel are 100% spot-on. Graphics look very good, especially if you like little details (Just look at how the grass moves!)Buy the game. Door code couldn't be simpler. Mind the Violinist."
,Recommended,274520,13490825,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,A Suicidal Banana,"got to The Old Forest, found my new home and had all the supplies to move in. fixed up the well, was able to blocked up all the windows and fortify the doors i needed to, moved the furnature into one main room to cover the doors and windows at night (extra protection from the locals, just in case) and got all of my supplies put away and prepared for the great night i would have in my new home.and what a night it was.after about 30 seconds after getting my late night drink from the well, walking back inside and pushing the wardrobe over the door again, the fun began. they started with the windows. i watched in horror as almost all at once, my window barriers started to explode in showers of splinters in the rooms surrounding mine. i could hear the abominations  climbing in, roaming the halls, smashing my doors off their frames, and hunting for my flesh while they screamed out in anger. oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ now they were at my doors, both being broken into at the same time. needing to react, i choose a door and held the wardrobe in place with my body the best i can, while i wildly unload my handgun at the first one to break in. a second broke through the window in my room, got past the furnature and came after me. i drove my axe into its horrifying face over and over again until i cut it in two. sadly it was still not dead, as its severed torso crawled after me and i cleaved its head open with an overhead swing. afterwards i realized i forgot to hold the wardrobe in place and another was squeezing through, while another came running in through the first door. luckily, my terrified self accidentily came up with a great idea! i grabbed the wardrobe and used it as a shield as the two pushed against it, pinning me into the corner of the room. at this point  i realized how ♥♥♥♥ing stupid i was for getting myself trapped in a corner, but at least they couldnt get at me, right?you bet your sweet♥♥♥♥♥they could still get methey were smart, the two of them, they really were. must have went to evil mindless monster college together. one of them had been pushing on the left corner just enough that the right side started to open a crack. by the time i saw this i was already too late, before i could pull that side completly shut, the seconds giant maws started snapping at me, as i held the corner against it. realizing i could no longer hold it off, as the crack was slowly getting larger, and those awful teeth got closer, i had but one option. i let go of my shield and began chopping at it with the axe, with all of my might. and as it fell, the most beautiful thing happened. the sun rose. and the remaining monstrocities left. if life has taught me anything, its that monsters are ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and are afraid of the sun.after that terrifying encounter,  my hands were coated in a layer of sweat, my stomach hurt from the tension, and i may or may not have actually♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants. maybe just a little. ok i didnt, but i feel like i might have. needless to say, the house is a wreck, none of those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s dropped loot, and i really needed a better plan for next time. i havent had a game do that to me in a long time. i absolutly love this game, i am completly addicted and if you are looking for a survival horror game you found it11/10 ""Its Ok"" ~ IGN10/10 ""I may or may not have actually♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants. maybe just a little"" ~ Me"
76561198048406508,Recommended,274520,15783600,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Mr Not Rabbit,"So, I invested 31 days (in game time) to one world, thinking I could go through it and get some of the many endings this game provides.On the 30th day I go into a hellish pigshed and find a monstrosity that no words can describe, the only way of ending said creature (besides being insane and fighting it directly) was to electricute it.In order to do this I needed a particular cable that was sold by a good buddy of mine called Piotrek, whom I had just given all the items to for the rocket he was building.At the time he was really excited about this and told me that by tomorrow he was going to fly to the moon or something of that sort.What was unknown to him was that I had allowed the Wolfman to see one of the components to his rocket (I had no clue that this would cause the ship to explode, sadly.) So the very next day I walk to  Piotrek's house only to see him dead on the ground, skewered by the many pieces of shrapnel that came out of the exploding pile of junk.In a flood of sadness and fury, I head over back to the wolf camp and began talking to my partner in crime, whom was sh*tting himself in laughter after seeing the explosion.Once I realized that I wasn't able to finish off the monstrosity, I stride behind the Wolfman, brought out my pistol and put a bullet into the back of his head.I then promptly loot the dead man's body and walk out into the middle of the meadow as I waited for the time to tick away.As the sun set I felt my body begin to corrode away until my heart stopped, and I fell to the ground dead.I'm sorry, Piotrek."
,Recommended,274520,34357268,Posted: 19 August,all,Mugetron,"Darkwood is a top-down perspective survival horror game created by the independent developer Acid Wizard Studio.Having followed the game since its early access alpha to the final release, the end result has not left me unsatisfied. Darkwood is one the most atmospheric games I have ever played, and I would place it among my personal favorites such as the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. and Souls series in its immersion and atmosphere.The gameplay could be described as slow. A lot of your time will be spent looting, exploring and preparing. Encounters with enemies often have drastic results if you have not properly anticipated them. It takes time to start coping with your surroundings and learning to deal with various nasty creatures and insidious environmental threats. Surviving a hectic night feels rewarding, and the peaceful, slow morning relaxes you, only to get you on your toes again as you explore a new area or meet new foreign threats after the next sundown.Darkwood is a visual and auditory feast. The fantastically detailed art with its often sickeningly morbid and grotesque imagery that ramps up throughout the game is complemented by an excellent sound design. The animations and sound design make the combat feel weighty and visceral, and the creative, unique characters you meet in the game ooze personality, keeping one interested in seeing their stories evolve and conclude.The player's choices can have great effects on the characters and their surroundings, giving way to replayability to see the alternate ways things could go. The main plot is not a simple journey either, and you will find yourself questioning the things you see to piece together what is really happening through the protagonist's sometimes questionable, decaying mind.The horror in Darkwood mostly stems from the fear of the unknown rather than simplistic jumpscares. The audio once again plays a major role in building the atmosphere - you will know when you've stumbled into a location where something is terribly wrong, and the soundscape will have the hairs of your neck standing in the anticipation of the unknown terror that awaits you at the end of the corridor.If you find yourself deprived of highly atmospheric horror, challenging and methodical gameplay, a horrific world to explore, and an interesting story to piece together, Darkwood was made for you. It has been a while since I've had an experience so intriguing, tense and enjoyable, and I wish to share these feelings with anyone who reads this review and finds something that may interest them."
,Recommended,274520,34833181,Posted: 9 September,all,rouths,"Pirated at first, but the devs fully convinced me to support their hard work."
,Recommended,274520,34518689,Posted: 26 August,all,SidAlpha,"https://youtu.be/QG44XsvHTtcAs a first impressions games critic I found this game to be extremely well done. I am not a fan of horror games and traditionally I find them to be exceptionally boring and bland. However, this game managed to actually make me feel tense and apprehensive with choices and actions within the game. It is a rare feat to see that happen.Also, given the Developers recent actions, I have added Acid Wizard Studio to my video series ""Diamond Devs"" for their exemplary actions and standards. These developers have earned respect and I hope they are rewarded for their recent actions."
76561197982564729,Recommended,274520,34411085,Posted: 22 August,all,[TNC] Usin,"Do you like being scared? Do you LOVE not knowing whats waiting for you in the dark? How about a atmospheric enviroment that fills you with dread? If twisted and dark story lines are your thing, If you love games that don't hold your hand, then stop reading and buy this now.I've haven't been truly scared in a game in a long time. I'm talking about a Amnesia dark descent kinda scared. Where you can't see whats eating you and your imagination makes it worse because the game is designed to make you hide. You can fight back but you'll quickly learn that hiding is always the first option because the fight will come wether you like it or not. You are NEVER totally safe. Once you leave the first hideout anything can happen. You can be smart and lay elaborate traps Home Alone style using gas, bear traps, molotovs, melee weapons, guns, and the smarter you think about your setup the more effictive it can be. The game will throw new challenges at you constantly though so you will always have to adapt. The game is hard and should be played on hard imo. Its balenced so perfectly that you can stay in the first area as long as you like, and if you want to hoarde supplies for 30 days or more you can. Or you can rush the other areas right away. Play as fast or as slow as you'd like, but don't play on normal. You can die as much as you want on normal and that must destroy all the tension that comes with surviving the night. On hard you have 4 lives and the tension is insane.Play this game as blind as possible. I've said too much already, but don't worry b/c there is sooo much content waiting to be explored if you want to look. The game won't tell you where every little thing is, whats the next move, or who you should trust. They let you discover and guide you as little as possible. Its wonderful when a game respects the player this much.Play on hard, be patient, curious but cautous, but whatever you do, make sure to stay away from your windows at night. If you can see them coming they can see you hiding...""This is it, don't get scared now."""
76561198155970994,Recommended,274520,13990619,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Highsenberg325,"I'm gonna be honest, at first I wasn't so sure about this game. Due to all the positivity from reviews, I went ahead and bought it, started a permadeath file, and jumped straight in. The first thing I noticed once I booted it up was that it looked absolutely astounding for a top down game. It oozes atmosphere from literally every crevice, and darkness looks and feels like a living thing, like it's out to consume you. However, once I got past the equally atmospheric prologue and was thrown out into the world to fend for myself, I started to worry. I went out and got some supplies during the day, and once night came along, I ran back to my hideout and hid. Then I did the same the next night. And the next. And the next. By day 5 I started to get bored from the constant repetition. It seemed like the only thing I had to worry about in the day was wolves, and once you get over the initial fear of being attacked, they're pretty easy. Then I'd just stand in a room in my house for a few minutes and rinse, repeat. It seemed like as long as you hid in your hideout, you were free from harm. However, not long after, the game showed it's true colors.During the 2nd night of my 2nd playthrough (the 1st playthrough had ended from a moment of panic and a badly misplaced bear trap), I heard something shuffling around in a room next to the one I was in. With the only light source in the whole hideout being a flare on the ground, I decided the best idea would be to go into this completely dark room to look for it. It was so dark in there that I couldn't see anything even inches away from me, which was all the distance the zombie-like creature needed to slash me in the face and take away about a third of my health. I freaked out and ran into the other room, slamming the door right in the ugly ♥♥♥♥er's face. It then proceeded to casually push open the door in less than a second. I had no intention of fighting it, so I ran away in a panic, not really registering that there was literally nowhere to run except past my flare and straight into even more darkness. Once I passed the flare my running devolved into blind stumbling, and before I could stop shoving my face into the wall trying to find the doorway, the monster hacked away at me from behind and and I fell to the ground. Dead on day 2.All the playthroughs after that, at least one monster got into my hideout by day 4. It's basically inevitable that something will get in, I just had literal beginner's luck, and got to enjoy a few extra days of life before my so very inevitable demise. Once you realize you're not safe in your hideout, the game really succeeds at the classic survival game goal of turning you into a paranoid schizophrenic. Even in daytime, the game basically becomes 360 turn simulator 2015, with you constantly looking around to make sure there's no bear traps or wolves nearby, obscured by trees or your own narrow vision cone. And before long (like ""before the first week's even over"" long), you'll start to run low on supplies in the first section of the map, and will have to venture out into the more.... unsavory areas. We're talking areas where all those creatures that hack you to pieces at night occupy the WHOLE place during the day. And this isn't a game where you can level up and laugh in the faces of the enemies that used to give you trouble. Oh no, this is one of those games where you're always feeble and weak, and you either find a better weapon so you can stand a better chance against ONE enemy, or you hide from and outsmart them. Although the combat's very fair, and gives you small openings in enemy animations to attack, it's by no means easy, and you can't just murder everything in sight once you've got their patterns down.Last, the game has an amazing sense of discovery, also due in no small part to it's incredible atmosphere. Since the world feels so threatening, but you desperately need supplies, you get a mix of elation and anxiety whenever you find a new point of interest, and exploring these new places is one of the most tense parts of the game. Whether what you find in these places want to kill you or not, you'll always find something interesting and unpredictable.All in all, if you're looking for a horror game where death is actually something to be afraid of, unlike, say Amnesia, where the murderous creatures managing to kill you only lowers your immersion, then this game is a gift from the heavens. And don't let the early access label scare you away, this is the most complete feeling early access game I've ever played. As it is, the game could be released right now and feel complete. It's definitely worth the buy.And yes, it is scary."
,Recommended,274520,34298647,Posted: 16 August,all,ｉ’ｍ　ｆｅｅｌｉｎ,"Honestly one of the best horror games out there, worth every dollar.Pros:-Incredible atmosphere♥♥♥♥♥clenching visuals and sound effects-Smooth and immersive gameplay-Interesting story telling-Horrificly good map design-Amazing visual style and art-Will keep the player engaged-No dissapointing and cheap jumpscaresCons:-Minor bugs-Dialogue isn't the bestTo summarise if you are a fan of Penumbra, Metro or Stalker games you will love Darkwood! 100% Recommend."
76561198085684806,Recommended,274520,17087790,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Grimmrobe,"Recipe for a ""mind-blowing, survival-horror experience"":1. Take Hotline Miami's top-down perspective and control scheme.2. Add a cup of Amnesia's ""barricade-the-door-with-anything-that-isn't-nailed-down-and-WHAT-THE-♥♥♥♥-WAS-THAT-style"" mechanics.3. Place them in a bowl and douse them with a gallon of Silent Hill's thick, foreboding, dread-inducing atmosphere.4. Pour all ingredients into a blender; set to ""puree"" for 10 seconds.5. Dump the whole thing into the bathtub, wait for a spawn of Cthulu to emerge, and allow it to drag you down into the black miasma that is Darkwood.Buy this game."
76561198022666969,Recommended,274520,12516481,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Caligulove,"It’s 2:30 AM and I had myself backed into the last small and desolate room of my home base.  My flashlight trained, not on the sounds of wet acidic undergrowth that has taken over what used to be the foyer to my hideout, but the splintering door hanging to its frame on the far side of the room from me.  The only taste for flare in this room is a stool I have jammed against the door as one last final barricade.  This was my last stand and I’m ill equipped to face the horrors that have been tearing their way after me all night.In Darkwood, the night is a stressful 5 minutes of gameplay where you shore up your defenses and hope that the creatures of darkness don’t tear you to pieces before day breaks and you are once again free to unravel the mystery of the plague afflicting these lands.  Your only clue, a doctor who still lives somewhere nearby with the forlorn mission of curing the local villagers of their blight. The most respectable villagers’ bodies have rotted and their minds have frayed.  Their gruesomely drawn images are ghastly warning s of what happens to those who linger in the Darkwood too long, a thought that scratches at the back of my mind with each passing night spent in your hideout.  To survive you consume odd mushrooms and tainted meat which granting powers to cope with the cruel forest in which even the trees seek to claim you by clawing at your line of sight with crow laden branches.  Your tainted new powers come with a price, nauseating side effects and warped hallucinations that could be clues to what went wrong in these woods or signs that your mind is decaying like those around you.   Darkwood is a cruel game but no more than a true horror game should be, it challenges the player with every encounter but if you really want to get the full effect play on permadeath.Dawn is almost here now, I think that I should be able to make it through the night when the doorknob turns and the door creaks ever so slowly open and rather than raining open in a hail of splinters like the horrors have done to the rest of my house.  Monsters are wiggling their way through the crack and pushing my barricade effortlessly to the side I aim my pellet gun in hopes that I can survive through one more night in the Darkwood."
76561198119510978,Recommended,274520,15109950,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,ShotgunRagtime,"Eight months after my initial purchase and after 48 hours of total playtime, I've finally decided to write a review. This is also my first review for any game, which should give a hint right off the bat of how strongly I feel.The most common complaint I've seen is that Darkwood is too hard. And this game is, in fact, HARD.HARD.HARD.Got it? Good. I'm not joking! Unless you play stuff like Dark Souls (a direct inspiration for this game), then this will likely be the toughest game you'll ever play. Period. It will also likely be the scariest. Playing on perma death only, it took me 40 hours just to beat the game. And I've yet to turn over every rock, discover every secret.But I don't think that it's fair to give the game a negative review because it's too difficult. If Darkwood was any easier it wouldn't be Darkwood. It would be Flaccidwood, and it would be boring and not very scary.If you play the prologue, you will not be in the Dark (pun intended) when you first awake in your little hut. Granted, you will need to move quickly, explore locations as you find them, and avoid anything with teeth, BUT you will be able to do so with a grasp of basic mechanics and controls. Just make sure to return to your hovel before nightfall. Believe me, I've played games with far less introduction and instruction.Now that that's out of the way, it's time to talk about the game, the real meat-and-potatoes. The concept is simple -- escape a little slice of densely-forrested rural Poland. Standing in your way are packs of roving mutations, insane NPC's, and a whole lotta beartraps.There's a lot of ways to die. Mauled by ravenous dogs, mauled by *bigger* ravenous dogs, beaten to death by naked dudes with sticks, pelted with rocks, torn in half by creepy-crawlers with a whole bunch of teeth,, poisoned by shrooms, stepping on beartraps, and, if you're like me, you'll probably end up setting yourself on fire a few times.But it's not all bad news. You can cook the indigenous mushrooms growing around the forest and shoot them up to improve your skills and such. Well, I mean, you'll suffer from terrible drug-induced nightmares in the process, but now you can put more stuff in your hotbar! Hooray!Oh, and did I mention the Banshee? Yeah, wait till she pays you a visit. It took her about 35 hours to find me, but when she did, I didn't sleep for a few days afterwards.Anyway, Darkwood is really, REALLY scary and unique. So pick it up. And say hi on the forums :). The devs are very active there and are always looking for suggestions.-- UPDATE #1 --Wow, it's been a while. I knew I would have to update the review as development progressed, but I decided to wait until a huge update before adding on. Well, this is the time!Darkwood is now in Alpha 7.0 -- 3 versions past the build this review was written for.The changes are simply too numerous for me to point out in this review. So, I will instead try to give you, the potential buyer, an idea of the sheer scope of this game's continuing evolution:-- Entirely redone and rebalanced crafting that now revolves around your workbench-- Complete overhaul of the (previously unstable) weapon balance-- Complete revamp and expansion of NPC dialogue and the story-- New minor locations-- A new village area with a ton of NPC's and background story-- New nighttime eventsSmart money is betting that Chapter 1 is nearly finished, and thus Chapter 2 could be coming shortly. Better yet, with all of the groundwork and mechanics finished, work on the following chapter(s) should progress quickly.Darkwood is a prime example of how EA should be done -- a dedicated dev team taking the community's feedback and continuously using it to build the game up. I look forward to what the future of Darkwood holds!"
76561198135777100,Recommended,274520,34335401,Posted: 18 August,all,Obabo,"""what the ♥♥♥♥ was that sound"" simulator 2017"
76561198003884833,Recommended,274520,34315456,Posted: 17 August,all,Fellron,"I don't ever write reviews but i had to give this one a go.I've played a lot of horror games and in general have pretty high standards when it comes to gaming. Honestly i did not expect much from a top down horror survival game, how scary could it be? Well not only is the game scary but it's also pretty damn good in a lot of aspects which i would like to elaborate on.Darkwood is a dark, grim, desperate and creepy world, it feels very inspired and it's easy to get emersed into.The atmosphere, sound design, characters, environment, tension are simply spot on.Your view is limited to a 90 degree angle infront of you while the rest is shadowy where only the environment will be visible... yet twisted and playing little tricks on you. The 90 degree angle is a big reason on why this game manages to give you that sense of dread like... oh i heard some rustling... is something behind me or is the game playing tricks on me?The sense of dread throughout the game is immense, especially at night, where you will be left at the mercy of darkness and the unknown.Nearly every location/landmark you uncover will have a story to it and gives you a chance to understand more on what happened in Darkwood and how people survive and cope with it.The combat system is surprisingly satisfying in both melee and ranged combat, but you will most likely need a little bit of time to get a hold of it.Enemies are diverse and have interesting strategies to deal with you. Some enemies go head on while others prefer to scare and mess with you.The user interface is clear and simple, you won't have much trouble figuring it out. The crafting system is also straightforward.I'm trying to come up with anything negative but it mostly comes down to length. Not that i wasn't satisfied with it but i wish it stuck around for a bit longer since it was doing so well.The game still offers a lot content for it's modest price tag so if you are a fan of horror games, you won't be disappointed picking this one up."
76561198273088686,Recommended,274520,34681352,Posted: 2 September,all,Trashlo,I tried it out for free and after several hours of gameplay i decided to support you and bought the game .10/10 Atmosphere8/10 Gameplay8/10 story10/10 sounds/music9/10 Characters developmentDefinetly worth the money.
,Recommended,274520,11436737,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Dead Can Dance,"I'm alone in a wood house that somehow lost its front entrance. I push a cabinet on the passage, to block any of those things from coming in at night. Then I lock myself in a room I previously barricaded the window, and put broken glass outside, in the living room, to hear when something is attempting to enter. I hold my plank with nails as if it was a saint.The night is alive, the house creeks as it breathes the unnatural night wind, a feral dog that almost killed me during the day is barking outside, as the devil himself was smiling to him. Then the dog dies with a loud screech. Something otherworldly feminine screams...  The cabinet is pushed back with a loud noise. And the only sound that will make me lose it is the broken glass being stepped on.I can't see anything in the dark, but I desperately try to, with my back to the wall to avoid unnecessary danger. Then I hear the door opening, and my hair follicles erecting on my arm tell me that something is in the room with me. It didn't make any noise on the broken glass, because it floats. It's a ghost, and its scream is hellish.Darkwood is one of those rare games, that when you purchase, you will feel an experience you'll never have, to be in another world, to suffer things that don't exist. You will suffer physically, your heartbeat will go up, you'll get goosebumps and curse outside noises for interfering with the game."
,Recommended,274520,19836292,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,netcoder1,"In the traditional spirit of Steam game reviews: I really wanted to like this game, and I did and still do.Darkwood has been in early access for a long time, but it's been more than playable since it first came out. Never encountered a game breaking bug. The content updates are not weekly or even monthly, but it's already a great game, and they're mostly balancing it out. Personally, it's always been for the best.Darkwood is a great mix between linear progression and randomization.The devs keep changing the game mechanics here and there, but it's never a bad thing. They want to keep you on the move, while keeping you on your toes.The atmosphere of this game is just incredible. During the day, you watch every single footstep you make. You never know when there's going to be a creep, an angry animal or just some poisonous mushrooms for you to step on. Some people don't like it, I love it... it makes you watch your every step... every step of the way.During the night, you'll wish you scavenged enough wood to board up the windows that got destroyed the previous night, and just hope to god or whoever you believe in that it's going to end soon.While the learning curve is not always easy, the game doesn't force you to move on to more difficult areas. You can stay in the beginning area (the Meadow) for as long as you like, and come back to it and spend some time there as much as you want. But know this, the further you progress in the game, the darker the woods are going to get..."
,Recommended,274520,34804398,Posted: 7 September,all,girldoesrant,"When I first heard of this game, I really wasn't very interested. Top-down is not usually a mechanic I enjoy and despite the positive reviews, I decided to give it a pass. Then I heard the developers had made the game available for free via torrents and I decided to give it a look. I have to say that releasing the game for free has done the developers a good service. It's a great practice and the reviews are full of people that did what I did: Played it for free but enjoyed it so much they went and bought it. It was a good faith move that pays off if your game is worth it, and it seems the developers of Darkwood have some deserving good faith in their product! I hope more developers will take notice of this practice in the future."
76561198093701931,Recommended,274520,32101626,Posted: 1 June,all,Vandanator,"By far has been one of my favorite games to revisit and play over and over, it gets better every time I come back and play with the developers constantly updating and fixing it. I love the dark setting and story (yes it has a great story in my opinion, a ""put the pieces together yourself"" kind of story). It's a great challenge (and I really mean it's a challenge so be warned), combat does take some getting used too, but manageble. The controller support (if your into that thing) is a great added bonus, works well with what I've played around with, but keyboard and mouse work far better, but the option is nice. A great addition to your library, worth a given chance, cannot wait until it's finished!"
,Recommended,274520,11395138,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Scriptwolf,This game gave me darkwood
76561198106926549,Recommended,274520,11471240,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Bhetol,"Let me draw a scenario here, based on the experience I've had.It's the tenth day surviving in this scary, haunting world. Monsters are everywhere, and gathering firewood becomes a frightening task. By now, you'd suspect I'm getting used to nightfall. This day I'm more prepared than any other. I've found a fireaxe on the floor of a crazed pig lady's house, and all I had to do is kill her to keep it. In this world, I'm growing used to not have sympathy for anything. In her house, I loot a bear trap still in good condition, some empty bottles, and mushrooms growing in the corners. I know by now that it's more useful to leave broken bottles on the floor as traps than thinking of carrying water. With a few belongings, I head back to my home, where the story requires me to drink from a fountain before nighttime if I am to survive.I begin preparing for the eventual nightfall. I had half a gasoline jug left, and I pour it into my generator, only for the comfort of light and electricity during the night. As for defense, I keep a room fully barricaded to keep myself safe. There are three windows, and a doorway to the rest of the house. All the windows I have covered in wooden planks, but the door I leave open, if I need to make an escape. To keep the doorway defended, I dragged over a filing cabinet from another room and placed it in front of the doorway. In front of two of the windows, I have other things blocking the way along with the wooden barricade; that being a stool and a safe. Not the best at blocking the way, but it's all I have. I scatter broken glass in front of two windows, and the bear trap on the third.Dusk is now turning the world red, and I begin the final steps of preparing for the night. I turn on the generator and the lamps inside all switch on. As of now I'm still uncertain if light attracts the monsters or not, but I feel safer if I have a lamp with me. The night comes, and the well water level has risen far enough for me to take a drink. As soon as I drink, I run through the now dark house and bunker myself in the room. I push the cabinet in front door, turn on the lamp, and begin to wait in the corner.At first, the night is quiet. I believe that this may be a safe night, and no curious monsters will want to come for me, but that soon changes. I can hear creaking coming from the hallway, and then, a knock on the door. It starts to bang, the whole room shaking, and I run as fast as I can to push against the other side of the cabinet and begin to push. Wood starts to splinter off from the door, again and again, until the door bursts open. The cabinet is still in the way. It begins to push as I push, me trying to keep it steady. Then I start to hear another windows barricade getting attacked as well. I lose control of the cabinet, and it begins to slide sideways, as I push too hard on one side and it pushes on the other. It's now in the room. I back up, turning towards the bear trap in hopes to get it caught. Then I see it, a humanoid beast split down the center, from the head to its belly, filled with blood and teeth. It's the first night that I see these types, and my strategy for them has to be learned on the spot. I raise my axe and get a direct hit. Then another hit, but this time it knicks me too. I step back, and as it leaps to me, it falls into the bear trap and gets itself killed. I didn't feel safe just yet, as the crashing from the window was over, and as I looked to the side of the room, all I could see was a broken, open window, and my piles of glass, now filled with blood, with no dead monster. It jumps me from the side, taking out half of my health. As I turn around to fight it, there turns out to be not one, but two humanoid split beasts, too much for me. By now, my heart is pounding out of my chest. I run out the door, trying to shut doors that I can, some sucessful, some not. Outside is pitch black, thundering and raining, and hopelessly I try to reach the shack with the generator.I manage to shut the door behind me. I'm bleeding out, and I left all my bandages in the room. The generator turns off. A monster hiding in the room kills me from behind.I wake up.Day 11 begins.Every single day of this game is a thrilling nightmare. From exploring and trying to survive, you're always on the edge of your seat, worrying just how you're going to get killed this day, and how far can you push along the so far intriguing story. It's the first early access game that I can truly reccommend, and it is totally worth buying today."
76561197975403036,Recommended,274520,34339546,Posted: 18 August,all,Zumbah,"An actual horror game, no jump scares and it manages to be one of the scariest games out there."
,Recommended,274520,34482715,Posted: 25 August,all,Juular,"I'm very picky about horror games, there are so few of them that do it right. I hate cheap jump-scares, I hate having no means of self-defense and I hate even more, when the game lets you have a weapon, but it's as useful as a fly-swatter against a frenzied elephant. I hate when developers think, that mindlessly shoveling blood and gore into a game makes it horror, or they assume that dying and reloading hundreds of times is what makes it fun. I hate when developers think, that zombies are scary or when they make the main character a fragile asthmatic pansy that is being chased by dumb unstoppable monsters, oh, and I hate so much, when the playable character gets so scared that his vision gets blurry and all the sounds get muffled by his heavy breathing and heartbeat. Just because The Acid Wizards didn't choose to include any of these things in their debut masterpiece is a reason enough to recommend Darkwood!But there's so much more to it! It might not look like it at first, but Darkwood's world is the most twisted, sick, disturbing, inhuman, hopeless and evil place I've seen in my 24 years of gaming. And it's the most immersive one too because of how subtle it is. It doesn't start with in-your-face ""you're alive because you're the main character, otherwise you'd be like super-dead or turned into a monster, y'know, like everyone else, because this place is sooooo super-♥♥♥♥♥ed, man!!!"", it grows on you and when you think it's not as bad as it could've been, you just need to be brave, capable and curious to find out the deeply disturbing things the game's world and characters were carefully hiding. If you think you've seen everything in the horror genre, play Darkwood. If you're new to the genre and want the best it can offer, play Darkwood!It's not perfect though, the gameplay is a bit too grindy and slow-paced for my taste, if there would be less looting, hoarding, micro-managing and generally doing things that turn into time-pressured chores, and more exploring, learning the lore and story, experiencing hand-crafted events and finding heart-wrenching dark secrets of the game's world and its characters, it would be the perfect horror game, at least for me.Surprisingly, the top-down perspective manages to work better in this game, that the traditional, supposedly more immersive, first-person, third-person or fixed-camera views. Devs used the top-down view so cleverly and creatively, that some things they did are completely new to the genre and would never work with any other view mode, like how things change, depending on whether you're looking at them or not.I'd say Darkwood is worth buying for full price, not only because the game is one of the best survival horrors ever, but also becausethe devs are among the nicest people in the industryand they deserve to have all the means to keep making amazing games."
76561198004360123,Recommended,274520,34627586,Posted: 30 August,all,Netherlade,Support the dev
76561197969396794,Recommended,274520,34495300,Posted: 25 August,all,NT1,Just bought the game to show my support !
,Recommended,274520,14172044,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,InsaneComeInPea¢e,Silent Hill + Don't Starve = Darkwood
76561198015110704,Recommended,274520,34497430,Posted: 25 August,all,Lone Shepherd,Saw that the developers even put this FULL game on ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥...that's a really Humble move coming from a developer. So i bought the game to support them. Not just that i can actually gave the game a shot and i can say the game is NOT bad at all it's actually pretty good planning on finish it WILL UPDATE when done.
76561198054768172,Recommended,274520,34316137,Posted: 17 August,all,BobS++,>Night time>Stay in corner of small room in first hideout>Generator off because fuel consumption>Door slides open with a screech>Close immediately and go back to corner>Dark as f*ck>Someonesknockingondoor.gif>Heartrate goes up>Knocking intensifies>Still ignore>Fckin door gets smashed! Heart suddenly pumping>After few seconds check door see note lying around>Was invited to an fckin marriage9/10 Would get insulted by Wolfman again
,Recommended,274520,34404349,Posted: 21 August,all,gondorle,"This is by far, in my most humble opinion, the best Indie Game I've played so far. It's macabre, twisted, surprising, challenging, interesting, insane, nerve wrecking. Not even an AAA survival horror game could make it work for me like this game has.It has no equal. Extremely good mix between horror, exploring and story.It is a masterpiece."
,Recommended,274520,18558034,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Magical Master Splinter,i havent even owned this game for a week and i've sunk 3 days worth of time into it (spoilers)i guess you could say i enjoybeing overwhelmed by chomperssitting in a corner at night dreadingly thinking about what the new enemy could behaving banshees spawn in the same room and screaming your lungs outstepping on the same beartrap in the underground entrance every playthroughstepping on mushroomsdeveloping a fear of pigsassuming the bolt action could 1-shot chompersnick-naming chompers noam chompskywondering how you sharpen an axe with scrap and woodquestioning if furries would like this game because of wolf-manlearning not to turn on the radio in the underground of the churchbecoming a raging axe-wielding alchoholicalchohol is always the solution to half of your problemsdidnt know i was into this sort of thing.
,Recommended,274520,34320836,Posted: 17 August,all,Count Jackula,"TL;DR: Middle-Aged Snobby PC-Guy Loves This Game!I love this game, having bought it on its first official release day. I had been watching it for a while, but at the time I first spotted DARKWOOD I felt I owned WAY WAY WAY too many early release survival and/or horror games to snag another. Anyway, I am glad I found it, glad I watched it, glad it released, and glad I BOUGHT IT!!!! Toot Toot!This game proves that games can be HARD but can be FUN. EUREKA! This review is coming from a 39-year-old PC gamer who remembers when Atari 2600s were still in stores. (Man I thought those fake wood-grain panels were boss!)Anyway DARKWOOD: I never thought I would be so terrified or bug-eyed by watching a mostly-black PC monitor screen. At night in-game, I listen so hard my ears almost fall off! Wow this game can be tense at night, when all my character is doing is trying to impersonate a rock! Yes, a rock, preferably a heavy, black or shadow-colored rock.I love oddities and this game is a wyrd byrd. I love the strangeness. I love the warped perspectives. I love how hope isn't totally quashed, but the game yet remains overall atmospherically dreadful. The sense of humor is sly and downright Tolstoy-ish at times; Russian humor is almost indefinable, yet I know it when I experience it. If you liked the bizarre characters and lore of the Metro games or Stalker then you will enjoy this too, most likely. It has the same mood and sense of humor (just a totally different setting.)If you like survival, and building, and horror, and looting without having to get all grind-y, and atmosphere, and then a unique take on all of that, then try this game out. Even at the $15 price point, you will not be disappointed. I give it 7.9/10, maybe? It is a good game, and the price makes it approach greatness.EDIT: 2 weeks later and I am about 43 hours in, game about half beat, restarted several times, and really....7.9 was a bit conservative. I could go higher actually. DARKWOOD is just a really good game and I regret not supporting the early release. I am still floored that a top-down horror game has me this excited and immersed days after that first play and glowing review. I have a fast gaming rig that plays anything I want on ultra max settings; I have Witcher 3, the new DOOM, and plenty of other eye-candy to tear me away, but even with all of that? DARKWOOD is the game that gets all of my time right now. Darkwood FTW!"
,Recommended,274520,34622172,Posted: 30 August,all,Lars,"It was in the middle of the night when I heard footsteps outside the house and I had a suffocating feeling of dread. Too nervous to look around I stayed put in the room, then a nearby door started opening and a hideous humanoid creature appeared, lucky me I had my bear trap just nearby so the creature got stuck and I had the chance to strike it down. Unfortunately I heard more sounds coming from outside. Afraid of dying, I decided to wait until morning came and it was all over.Then I went to my PC and started playing Darkwood, and the same thing happened."
,Recommended,274520,13247903,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Icky,"So far Darkwood has been kinda like that long lost uncle in the family; dark and quirky and even tho your mother said to stay away you are somehow transfixed by it.  Only a few hours in and it's everything, thus far, I've wanted it to be.  The controls are like butta and in fact maybe too much at times when you over-run something important or ""teethy"".First hours were spent exploring the general starting area to get an idea of what and where I was placed which led to quite a few moments of enjoyment as well shock and awe.  Like any good survivor I took my licks and pushed forward.  My last rest stop was with a curious old lady and an inspiring musician.  I fear I may not get back going this far as the night is quickly coming.The game continues and likely evolves and if you have the time and the scratch (money for those younger gamers) it may be something you would like to pick up.  Optimal setup is a darkened room, quality headset and gamma set appropriately; not pumped way up in an attempt to defeat it.  Let the darkness in, let it sweep you away..[Will soon update for Alpha 3 gameplay!]"
,Recommended,274520,32329975,Posted: 10 June,all,Terroth,"Absolutely stellar atmosphere.I was on edge the entire time during my first couple of hours, really looking forward to diving in deeper and seeing what comes of this game down the road.I'm not a scary game fan, but man this felt so right to keep me wanting to play."
,Recommended,274520,34426987,Posted: 22 August,all,Kelso,"Let me start out by saying I absolutely adore this game. I haven't been able to put it down all day, and that ended up being 11 hours of playtime since I woke up...It does so many things well. It invokes a sense of dread and panic I have not felt from a game in a very long time, boasting some very strong Silent Hill vibes, both visually and narratively. The story is very minimalistic, begging you to find out what's going on in this messed up place. In a way, it reminds me a bit of both Dark Souls, in how you navigate the environment, lighting ovens (bonfires) along the way; and also of Five Nights at Freddy’s, where every single night is a nerve-wracking experience where you count down the minutes left until dawn.The top-down perspective also breaths some needed fresh air into the survival-horror genre, and the idea that only the things in your characters field of view are visible is a really nice touch. It leaves you feeling vulnerable, like someone is following you, hiding behind the nearest tree, and incredibly claustrophobic, especially in tight quarters.My only real complaint is that the combat can feel needlessly clunky, but I feel like that was the idea that the developers had in mind. Often times, it’s better to flee rather than fight, but it only gets harder the further in you get. Trust me on this: Chapter 2 is brutal.For now, I’m gonna need to grab some sleep and recover from this ordeal, but I very much look forward to continuing this mad venture soon.Oh, and did I mention that every new game is randomly generated? Guess I’m gonna be playing this through many more times, if I can even get through the first run..."
,Recommended,274520,11398781,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,FDR Logging,"Journal Entry 1I get up from my desk, the room is pitch black but my light emits a small wave that brings everything in front of me into view. The room is small, old newspaper clippings are scattered everywhere, its a mess... more like a work of art in the eyes of an obsessive lunatic... did I do all this?Journal Entry 2I walk out of the door and into what appears to be the living room, there are 2 large cages on the floor and blood soaked on the ground beside them, I find an old camera and a picture that's very distorted... Is that a face... nah just the distortion, better not get myself spooked. I can see that a room across from me has a light emitting from it. this is my room?.... I quickly raid the wardrobe and find a key to open the other door in the living room.Journal Entry 3I am able to turn on a lamp in the corner of the living room and also able to drag it around. I unlock the door and then drag the lit lamp, pushing it through ahead of me... upon exiting a find a dog laying on the ground writhing in pain.. I push the lamp next to his doghouse to give him some comfort, I look around for something to help him. I am unable to find any bandages or aid... The dog is in serious pain and suffering badly... I found a large axe... I can't let him suffer like this... goodbye old friend...Journal Entry 4Now upset about whatever did this to my dog I tear off onto a path that leads into the woods. I aggressively Paul Bunion apart a tree that has fallen and blocked my path and continue outward. The forest is dark, foggy and very ere...it feels like something is watching me but nothing is willing to present itself at this time. The path is narrowing ahead, crows caw and circle the area... something feels wrong but I must proceed..Journal Entry 5I find an old corpse of a man that has been decaying for what looks like months.. I search him and find a few supplies. The path ahead takes to a new level of darkness, The very light from my current device is engulfed by the blackness. It's similar to shining a light into the water on a dark night, its completely absorbed... I craft a torch from the supplies I picked up, now that I can at least see a bit I can proceed onward. Thick black branches reach over the path creating a canopy of sheer ere terror, I feel like there is no edges of this path, everything past the edge of my light is darkness... I keep movingJournal Entry 6I've now come across what looks like an old fence leading up to the side of a building, I can see the window but its too dark to see whats inside, I swing around the side to get a closer look. The building has been overtaken by tree roots and the very walls are becoming part of nature again.. this place won't help me, gotta keep moving.... I wander on down the trail further when suddenly I stop.... Just ahead I can see a man lying on the ground shaking... I approach and do something that I wasn't expecting at all"
76561198353573538,Recommended,274520,33704509,Posted: 21 July,all,derpykat5,"This is one of the best survival games I have ever seen. in the steam forums I compared it to Dont Starve. however I feel that doesn't come close to describing it fully. this is practically the only game on steam I have seen that has an engaging and open story. the story itself is interactable. your choices directly and indirectly affect the story and outcomes. despite the emphasis on story, Darkwood is a very solid game even ignoring the story. you run around a randomly generated map collecting resources like wood and nails. you use these resources to fortify your hideout. during the night, you have to retreat to your hideout, turn on your generator and retreat to a back fortified room to cower in the corner until morning. this  is the genre of survival that throws you into the madness with no handholding apart from an optional prolouge that, while also serves as an introduction to the controls, delivers a lot of story. the entire game is very eerie and can be downright terrifying sometimes. it also obeys the laws of physics. meaning you cant just build what you want or sprint forever, but also, there is a unique ""cone of vision"" that complicates things. you can only see movement and enemies when they are in your cone of vision. other things, like the landscape and structures, stay visible no matter what you are looking at, so you are not completely lost. the ""voices"" mainly consist of floating text, however this allows you to pinpoint somethings location without seeing it, like you could IRL. NPCs and enemies behave realistically, for instance dogs turn tail and run once their health drops below a certain point. savages cant see you if you are behind them. crafting requires a lot of work. things break easily, and so on. this game was originally polish (I think) or set somewhere in poland, although the game is available in complete perfect english there are still a few polish things, like a polish cigar box, and a polish newspaper. these items have little to no effect on the game though, and are just to reinforce that unfamiliar aspect. the game is also leaving early access august 17, so thats another thing to look forward to.one word of warning: Darkwood is just that; dark. you have the option to kill almost every quest giver to avoid completing their quest. this can and does impact the story in various ways. blood, gore, and swearing are abound. PG13.in short, yes, get this game, but not yet. wait for it to hit release as every major update in the past did not come with save compatibility. hopefully this changes after release, as the future updates wont have such drastic changes that caused the save incompatibility."
76561198006671041,Recommended,274520,11416985,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Voren Redden,"Oh hey, another horror game, Pssht. I'll be fine, Outlast was pansy.Diary One:Killed some dogs, Ate some mushrooms, did drugs. Was a good day.Diary Two, Day Two. Well, Those were ... slightly scary. But thats it ain't it?Diary Three, Day 3. PANTS ENTIRELY RUINED WITH POO, DO NOT WANT GO OUTSIDE. SCARY, CREATURE SCARY, PLZ NERF!Diary Four. Day 7 ._. Why won't it end? I thought i was safe in the day, i was wrong. Pig heads, chickens, Horrible musicans!All in all, Heavily reccomended, I am impressed :D"
76561198065097335,Recommended,274520,11446675,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Seppukkake,"ALPHA 1.1 ReviewI normally refrain from buying Early Access titles these days, you never really know what state the game is in or even if it will be finished ever. In this case, wanting to support the studio and having followed development for a while I took the plunge and bought it. And even it's current state I'm not disappointed but there's ample room for improvement.The game evokes feelings that I haven't felt since my first playthrough of the original silent hill, the atmosphere is thick and unsettling, the player character is a little helpless but not defenseless (sometimes) and just around every corner lurks the threat of the unknown. The game succeeds in building tension and the narrative is sublimely creepy. If you like horror, the kind that creeps up your neck and lurks just outside your vision but with it's claws embedded firmly in your neck then you'll find a home in Darkwood"
,Recommended,274520,17489076,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,over-easy eggs,"Dudes, I've spent too many damn hours on this game, especially cuz it's in early access...BUT MAN WAS THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥WORTH IT"
,Recommended,274520,21087828,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Young Freak,"This game is exactly what i always wanted to play. It's contain all the most important things: sound, game design, mystery story and nervous gameplay. Lots of interactive items and options. Awesome characters and creatures, nice weaponry arsenal. It's playable now, and i am glad that it's only alphaThis game is GoodYou know, i always want to have own half-ruined house in CREEPY GOD DAMNED PLACE among forest. The start place is dark and depressive as f*ck, so i didn't even expect that it's REGULAR DAY. I was running around my house trying to grab everything that i can find, when suddenly it seemed to me that environment gets darker. Then i ran to sawmill, then to my room,then i start to barricade door and near windows in panic. Generator wasn't turned ON. I sit over 10 minutes in fear, awaiting some sh*t, and i get it, as soon as i understand that i sit whole DAY here! I am goes mad when it's start to  REALLY GETTING DARK !I won't tell you what the sh*t actually happens at night, but it's f*king creepy. Don't even know. You never know what will come to you, together with night.. Will it's just big dogs or mutants, that will crush your barricades and rip you? Okay, you always can barricade yourself pretty, and keep surviving to get serious weapons and light sources.. But what if this night you will be visited not by monsters, but something other? Something, that can go through doors, windows and lights? Listen to the silence of the night... Look through barricaded windows and fog behind them... Can you hear whispers, quiet cry of lonely woman?But don't worry, man with wolf's head and AK47 will help you, and also, give you some bullets. For half of your poor inventory, of course.Even in alpha, every night prolongs game pretty good. Hope developers will continue to make this game. There's only 1 chapter in game right now. The chapter contain 3 big locations and 2-3 additional.Developers, please, don't throw it away! It's very important game, not only for me."
76561198108631524,Recommended,274520,34322807,Posted: 18 August,all,until4,"Best indie survival horror game. The only early access title that I do not regret of buying.- Graphics: Dark and gloomy (7/10)- Gameplay: Innovative. The night events will let you unsettled (10/10)- Story: Could be better, but it's dark and surrealist theme fits well into the game (8/10)"
,Recommended,274520,34484667,Posted: 25 August,all,Frosty Nips,"Amazing game. Buy it, support the awesome developer."
,Recommended,274520,13844570,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Coconut Butcher,"So.. Get ready to die!!! And you gonna die trillions of times :PBut when you manage to avoid ""mistakes"" you are good to go.  The game is simply amazing and theres tones of things you can do to survive.Just a little TIP: Stay near the cooking machine during the nights. Theres a little light on it so the gosts aint coming, It helps you save your fuel and gets you less attention to enemies ;)10/10"
,Recommended,274520,34498974,Posted: 26 August,all,Alcatéia,"It's like Bob Ross had deep depression and started paintingTLDR; Wow, just wow, I am amazed with how this game turned out to be. I've been waiting for quite a while to see the final version of this game, and I was not disappointed at all. Props for the devs for delivering an outstanding experience.There's many different aspects to cover up, so I'll divide the review in each.GameplayThe Gameplay is pretty simple, you have a main objective to accomplish in each Chapter. The manner on how you'll do your objective will depend on the decisions you make throughout the game. You can explore different areas for items and discovers new places during the day, and you survive against attacks and supernatural events in your safehouse during the night. Everything is executed nicely. Though the constant backtracking can be quite tiresome.GraphicsDarkwood's artistic design is the most astonishing thing I've seen in a survival horror game. The artstyle alone had me convinced to purchase the game on Early Access and fund the further development of the game 2 years ago. Honestly, if it wasn't for the incredible artistic work this game received, most people wouldn't care to spend their money on it, for it is the fundamental aspect that embodies the survival horror genre within the game. Had this game been made as a walking simulator (which is fine if done right), with emphasis on storyline, I'd still be amazing, because the level of visual detail on characters, objects, and enviroment would still make a fascinating experience.SoundtrackWell performed audio production. From the main menu theme song to the footstep sounds indoors, it all gives a feeling of suspense and disconcertment throughout the game. Excellent.StorylineI still got to beat the game, but from what I've seen, I am impressed. The game is divided in Chapters. Each Chapter takes places in a different scenario. Each scenario is filled with characters and items you find that tell the story of the game, and it takes about 10+ hours to finish a Chapter depending on how you play. By the time I was about done with all the areas in Chapter 1, I thought the game was about the end, until I got suprised with 'Chapter 2' screen. The story goes pretty far.For a Indie Survival Horror game, Darkwood is a work of art. It brought a unique, revitalizing style to the survival horror genre, and should be taken as reference on how to make a indie game right"
76561198086796294,Recommended,274520,14271905,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Royal_Wolf_1996,"I gotta say, this game is quite unique, its got potential to be amazing or be bad dending on what the devs do with it.Here is a few pros and cons.Pros:1: OK who ever worked on the sound for this game is a flipping genius. I'm not kidding everything about the sound for this game is 10/102: Its a 2D game that made me slam me knee into my desk because of a jump scare, dude bonus points. like how does that even happen?3: An early access game that is actully fun and the devs care about so it will get better.4: NPCs and differnt locations5: A interesting level up system (This is also a con) with the ability to choose various perks, both negitive and positive.6: I dig the graphics on this.Cons:1: Remember the negitive perks I mentioned? Well the first negitive one is ruinous to the game, it is down right horrible. If you're in the dark to long ""Shadows"" start damaging you. In a game where light source is limited this is a horrible idea. The looping sound effect and forcing you to be in the light completely takes away the scare factor. The devs NEED to ditch this idea.2: Poisonous mushrooms. OK this one is right up there with the shadows in the ""Devs why on this good green Earth would you do that?!"" department. They are EVERYWHERE and touch them and BOOM, you're either gonna move slower or be somewhat blind. On top of that you will be poisoned, do we really need all these exploding mushrooms?3: There is so much blur and bloom in the distance its almost light having poor vision and it kinda hurts your eyes a bit.4: I have played this game for 4 hours at this point, so I dunno I have prolly been through I'd say around 8 nights. Never once has something tried to attack me in my hideout. No busting down doors, no running, no fighting. Although once I heard something murder a dog outside the door (Which was freaking creepy and fantastical by the way.)5: For God sake man, let me at least punch. I mean for real, he has been given a fist for a reason, use it.6: Not being able to harvest items is a really kind of frustrating but I would assume we would be able to in the future.7: Due to number 6 con, the crafting system is a pain.The Con of every horror game ever made: The protagonist being quite out of shape, only being able to run 20 feet without wanting a whopper.Mixed feelings: The well mechanic of the... Each night you must drink from ""The well"" to keep yourself from decaying each night. While I like that it forces you to go outside each night I hate the fact that I have to get to it in a short time of when ""The thirst starts."" As I said I love that you can't be a weiner waiting for dawn inside, but I want to explore at night. Like if there was night only quests that would be awesome.In short, its early access, its already fun. I can almost say for certain the devs will improve this game. (Step one less mushrooms and remove the freaking shadows.)I'd recommend this game and I'd say it a good idea of how EA should work. Unlike those acursed atrocity of a game Starforge and ""The tower.""6/10"
,Recommended,274520,33071716,Posted: 1 July,all,D E L T E I S,"This game is actually the best game I've played in months. It's not often you find a game that's horror survival as unique as this. Mostly all the games in that category are booring zombie / ghost survival...Lets face it that trope is old, and nothing else has to be said...(Except that I've had this itch for a survival game that included a twisted distorted reality)Darkwood on the other hand is terrifying, and even once all the scripted yet random events become known to you it becomes a compelling interesting experience unlike other games that would just become stale. I have not even completed whats in the game yet (including the fact that the ending is blocked off until full release)I'm glad i'm not beating up zombies, but rather ""savages"" that like to draw childish drawings with sticks. I'm glad i'm running out of storage space while running out of fuel, wood, metal, rags and alchohol for some nice molitov cocktails. I'm glad I still have my watch to tell me waht time it is...(incomming sarcasam)I'm not glad I'm being chased in tight tunnels. I'm not glad the savages are also breaking my sofas and wardrobes. I'm not glad my torch is running out, or that my wooden stick with nails is falling apart. I'm also not glad I accidently killed the trader with a pitchfork because I was excited to see him.Most of all though... I'm glad that Darkwood is a game that I own.Best of luck to Acid Wizard Studios and the talent they have."
,Recommended,274520,13961181,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Jackal Malik,"After over 130 hours played on this game since when it came out, I have seen it go through many different versions and I got to say.....it is getting better and better.I played this since release and was so excited for it a few months before release and i was not disapointed.DarkWood is a top-down horror survial game and its one fo the best ones out there if your into horror survival.Yes you do get a few massive bugs, glitches and game crashes but they have improved on them and fixed them over the course of this games release. If you compare this game now to when it was released you can not only see a massive difference in game stability improving but a whole lot more of content and more promised to come by the devs.The crafting system could be improved but is still really good.The nights in the game are really creepy and full of dangers and that adds to the game's atmosphere as a horror game which is a huge plus.The sounds and music are capturing and immersive, making the game so cool when you have high bass headphones on.The story is still in devlopment but still really good as it is now and encourages the player to work with NPC traders and gather supplies and upgrade through leveling.and many more things i cant think of right now.I love this game.The nights are the best part of this game, never knowing what will try to eat you next, barricading youself in a small room with planks, nails and cuboards and clutching on a fireaxe.I cant wait to see what the Acid Wizard's do with this game in the future, knowing they promised to include a lot more stuff in the next following updates.Honestly I give this game a 9.6/10the missing 0.4 is beacuse of the minor bugs and glitches but still really well built and immersive overall."
76561198065559004,Recommended,274520,24227198,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Sir Lightwave,"I only have one thing to say:Don't listen to those who complain lack of updatesThis game is being developed by extremely small team of like 3 people altogether.If you would know game developing you would know it's very slow especially in small teams.If someone complains about game being in ALPHA remember this:______________________________________________________________________________Early Access GameGet instant access and start playing; get involved with this game as it develops.Note: This Early Access game is not complete and may or may not change further. If you are not excited to play this game in its current state, then you should wait to see if the game progresses further in development______________________________________________________________________________It clearly states  the game is in Alpha and you should wait for the final release in case you don't like early access games.It's like buying a horror movie and complaining about it afterwards because you didn't know it was horror movie even though it was clearly said on the DVD cover..."
76561198011062253,Recommended,274520,34339641,Posted: 18 August,all,kamasu89,Butt puckering Scary. Great game so far
76561198044493544,Recommended,274520,18464053,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Dino,"One of the few Early Access Games that actually have...-Devs that listen and support the community-Updates every so often-Optomized and not a lot of glitchesThis game is a very hard and very unforgiving game, and that's why I love it.:Miller:"
76561198014499638,Recommended,274520,34771691,Posted: 6 September,all,AsianWeirdo,"I pirated this game during its alpha phases. But i changed my mind.The game, is good."
76561198032825693,Recommended,274520,34388620,Posted: 20 August,all,Bo3omaR,Headed to my house when it was almost sunset Started my Genrator and watited for the Night!Made sure Doors are closed and stayed near the Oven !Heared a couple of footsteps outside the house ! i freaked out but stayed in my placeWaiting to survive my 4th day ... when suddenly someone knocked on the door! MY HEART STOPPEDDWent to the Door to see if anything got inside Knocking Stoped .. it was DARK and scary i ran back to the light!Voices started inside the house All around i can see them in the shadow i need to stay closer to the light!!The Light broke ran to the other one inside my bedroom waited there near the Light close to my window ..the one i didnt Baracade ... Some Fast Creature broke the window sliced me and died .... i closed the game and covred myself with blanketsLOVE IT !
,Recommended,274520,34599616,Posted: 29 August,all,Jeff,"I commend the developers for the risk they took in releasing a torrent of their game.Because of this, I ended up purchasing Darkwood and was pleasantly surprised to find out that it is very fun."
,Recommended,274520,25647409,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,❄Frostile❄,"http://www.acidwizardstudio.com/?p=667This game HAS NOT been given up on. People who are saying it has simply haven't even bothered to look.This game is made by 4 people, most games of this quality and size are made by 10 to 30+ people. Have some patience.Now. My Review.TLDR.I have not had any bugs, glitches or crashes in my 8 hours of playing. For £12 or $15 I reckon I can still get ALOT more hours out of the game and it isn't finished yet. It is 100% worth your money.Pro'sTerrifying NightsCombatDifficultyScavengingStoryCon'sRage inducing (Sometimes)Hard to find certain items (Kinda good and bad)Full Review.I played this game for about 4 hours a long time ago and loved it but recently started playing it again and put 8 hours into it, in a single day. This game is a survival horror game where you scavenge resources to power your generator for the night time to survive. The game during the day is difficult, you will need to learn how enemies attack and how to dodge them whilst still being able to attack back. However during the night time, this game becomes terrifying. I have not played a game that has made night time so tense and scary since dying light. You need to board up windows, set traps and prepare yourself for any events or attackers that may want to kill you for a place to stay during the night or possibly be prepared for any paranormal encounters you may find yourself witnessing. Or the game will continue to build suspense but have nothing happen, equally terrifying.This game isn't all just this however. It has bloody terrific writing and story, which is still being developed."
,Recommended,274520,12623042,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Xirtarg,"There you are, alone, in your safe house with nothing but the darkness for company. Then all of a sudden, you hear a scream, and what's that? Your furniture is moving all by itself. It's ok though, you're safe, in your barricaded room and there's only another few minutes of night time left. Oh, wait, they're knocking on your door, you can see the barricade splinter...It's fine, daylight will save you. Argh, but here they come, relentlessly banging on your door and it's one hit away from being broken. Phew, daylight is here, but you have no wood left to barricade yourself in when night time comes again. You have no weapon so you need to go out into the woods to scavenge and prepare yourself, but you know they're lurking out there too.Darkwood does this brilliantly, it builds up so much tension that even when nothing is going on, you're still on edge. Sure, there are a few bugs still in the game, but it's an early Alpha release, and the devs have acknowledged that a few things here and there need to be fixed.Don't let the bugs take away from what is a stunning survival game, and a survival game that builds up the horror through it's atmosphere like no other that I've played recently. Reminiscent of the old Silent Hill games in the way that it builds tension, it builds you up and then knocks you down but it's not frustrating.  You don't mind meeting your maker, even though you lose your precious mushrooms, because you learn a little each time you die.The game looks beautiful, the lighting is glorious and really helps set the tone when you're out to discover new things.  Your cone of vision can either help you out or destroy you if you're not vigilant enough, but it's something you get used to after a while.The crafting system works nicely, and is clear and easy to use, but sometimes the amount that you can carry becomes a little bit of a problem, that said, it doesn't take away too much from the experience.  If anything, the frustration is outweighed by the fear that you won't have enough to survive the night, making the game more tense.The world is randomly generated on each play through so you will never get tired of exploring the same old places again and again.The characters in the game thus far have enough depth to influence how you behave toward them, but enough mystery that you never really know what to expect from them the NPCs are great fun to come up against whether you're ready to fight them or not.Darkwood is something that any survival horror fan should try out and if at first it seems a little slow, I'm sure that it will grow on you and eventually you will approach each night filled with terror and worry that you've missed something and they can get in your safe house while you're completely defenseless because you didn't have time to craft a new weapon before you had to lock yourself in.If you're still unsure whether to get the game or not, then please check out my playthrough and see how I experienced the night terrors (and the day terrors for that matter) and then form your own opinions, and hopefully learn from my mistakes if you do decide to get the game!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tu_isSnkgGw&list=PLsbPERuyqhxzTT5boLH8lsNwG6W7NYllF&index=1"
,Recommended,274520,16442256,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Lovetruffle,"Every morning three tree beards show up with a sack full of garbage to collect my recycling.A survival horror game with strong atmosphere and a solid mystery.  Allies, enemies or neutral NPC's are all richly crafted with impressive art styles.  Even the clues you find around the world are often unnerving.  It's in Early Access with only one chapter available but the game offers hours of intrigue and 'side quests' to complete each with their own rewards and/or consequences.  Each one feels like a new faustian deal.All enemies are potentially lethal but with the right knowledge and preparation they can be ended just as fast as they can end you.  But one mistake can cost you dearly.  Surviving the nights and managing your resources carefully in a hostile environment adds to the tension of your imprisonment with these monsters.The game also offers a double edged perks and flaws system.  The more you dose yourself up with the mutagenic flora the more potent perks you gain access to but with those perks come equally debilitating flaws.  The choice of how deep you wish jump into this doomed progression is completely up to you.As a long term fan and writer of supernatural thrillers and atmospheric stories I recommend this game to those also interested in such.  Despite its simple appearance and modest development team it follows through."
,Recommended,274520,11393679,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Zero,Legitamently spooky.Legitamently scary.Legitamentl-OH GOD WHAT WAS THAToh i just moved a chair hey why is that door opening i'm over he..r...eohgodhelpmeidontwannadiemommypleasehelpme
,Recommended,274520,16206873,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,YayaBunWa,"This game makes Don't Starve look like a walk down a spelunkhole. When I first played this game, it scared me so beyond my wits' end that I didn't play for another half a year. Implying that I played Darkwood again (credit goes to my girlfriend who just loves horror games - and seeing me die a little, ongoingly), I reinstalled the game and began tackling this monster.Honestly, I adored Don't Starve for its unique gameplay and mechanics but I always felt like it lacked optimisation; Darkwood hits the genre right on the head and then doubles on that in its atmosphere.Darkwood is brutal. Darkwood is complex. Darkwood is full of intrigue, plot (which is unique in this genre), very interesting combat mechanics as well as stealth mechanics, mystique--but mostly, Darkwood is tantalising~.The only catch is: you'll want to read a community guide for the basics - the game is still in Alpha (I can'tbelievethat there's more content and polish to come...), so it doesn't have a tutorial entirely.Buy this game--it's damn cheap for one of the best games you'll ever play."
,Recommended,274520,34303857,Posted: 17 August,all,StanleYDG,A very unique take on the survival horror genre with some of the scariest atmosphere I've encountered in a game in the last few years. Strongly recommend it to anyone looking for a more open type of survival horror.
,Recommended,274520,34336649,Posted: 18 August,all,Snorch,"I love this game. I saw the post on Reddit on launch day and the devs seemed so honest and humble that I wanted to pay for their game.I rarely buy games on launch day but with this one my gut told me to buy it. And I have to say that it is a very good game!I love the atmosphere and how makes you feel. You may think a top-down game cannot be a scary game, well guess what: WRONG. This and Teleglitch show that, with effort, these types of games can be scary as hell. And not because you jump at every corner, mainly because you are on high alert in some situations, without knowing what to expect, without having a clue about what will happen.It is great how the game manages to shatter your plans and confidence. I mean, during the day everything seems to be fine, you just have to be careful, because there a few surprises but the ""relatively safe"" feeling you get is real. But at night.. oh boy... It is something like this: Do I barricade this door? Or the other one? I don't have resources for both! Damn, they will enter from the left one... yes, sure... or not? Agh! I'll just barricade the left one and put furniture on the right one!... Yeah... *Prepares weapon*... *Strange sounds*... Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥here we go!... *More creepy sounds* Where is he?... *Starts to nervously look at both doors, alternating*...♥♥♥♥♥♥shit he is near! *The unbarricaded door opens* Oh ♥♥♥♥! *You strike him and kill him like a hero! Just to listen another door somwhere in your home being opened*... ♥♥♥♥, and now I have my weapon damaged and I don't have time to heal myself! What should I do? WHAT SHOULD I DO?!... *Night ends*More or less this si the summary of this game. It is unpredictable, you try to defend yourself but it is frustrating because you know your plans could fail at any moment. If you manage your resources well you can sort of survive, but unexpected things will happen... and you better prepare for them!I love this game. It makes me feel tense, scared and alert at the same time I have to think what to do to stay alive, just like a real life stressful situation! Amazing."
76561198151917156,Recommended,274520,18947091,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Sheepish,"This game is great. I am a giant coward baby, and I'm super bad at it. I've died countless times at the hands and claws of this games nightmarish creatures. I've spent many an in-game night huddled in a corner with the lights on, praying that the creatures I hear shuffling around outside dont realize that they can just push the closet covering up the gap in the wall and force their way in, and rip me a new ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I've stressed over my inability to find the precious gasoline you are forced to constantly use. I've screamed when I turn around in the safety of my own home to suddenly find a banshee standing there, illuminated by a crimson light. I've woken people up shouting ""WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THAT"" in the middle of the night when I find a new monster. I'VE CRIED REAL TEARS OVER MY AXE BREAKING. This game will ♥♥♥♥ with you.This game will give you nightmares. This game will make you it's ♥♥♥♥♥. And it's not even finished yet.TL;DR: 10/10, 2 spoopy 4 me"
,Recommended,274520,23513765,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Lord_William,"Darkwood is thrilling, unsettling, and at times down-right terrifying. I never would have thought a non first-person game could be so immersive... But it is. Maybe it's the hand-crafted artwork that blends itself so seemlessly into the setting, maybe it's the writing, or the world itself: twisted and yet so familiar. Nevertheless, I find myself time and time again cowering in the corner of some walled-off room, heart pounding... ""What was that?!""Also, this early access game has been faithfully updated over and over again by the small team of developers, who are in contact with the community and, yes, definitely still working (hard) on the project. Yes, waiting between updates can be frustrating... But that's only because the game is so good! This ambitious project is one to buy, to love, and to watch unfold before our eyes, in the best spirit of Early Access.I give it 5/5 dead chickens :-)"
76561197970720161,Recommended,274520,34718287,Posted: 3 September,all,Game_Dude,"Top-down survival horror game with procedurally generated maps and no holding your hand. You will have to learn most things the hard way, and I do not want to spoil the fun. Story and setting are unique, interesting and wierd at the same time. The atmosphere and creatures can be very creepy at times.During the day you explore the area surrounding your safe house(s), scavenge and bring the story forward. During the night you should not venture from the relative safety of your abode.That safety is relative, as you will get uninvited visitors with murderous intents. Being outside during the night however WILL lead to certain death.I recommend starting with normal difficulty until you've mastered the mechanics."
,Recommended,274520,19010795,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Homeless Cardboard Robot,Most people underestimate this game because it's top-down.Well don't. this game is just as - or even more- scary as every other good horror game.
76561198080400017,Recommended,274520,34568107,Posted: 28 August,all,xxpowerofsoundxx,"Not really a horror fan. But the devs gave it away for free on the pirate and theres no drm. I HEAVILY SUPPORT THAT ****so i bought it and i played enough to knowA: Terrifying so far, great ambiance.B: Fun gameplay that requires some thought.andC: Good devs behind. support this S**t!!!!!"
76561198105240163,Recommended,274520,17624045,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Belderath Archambault,"I love horror games, and this amazing experience is no exception. From the dark, and captivating world you explore, to the deranged, and unnerving inhabitants whom you come across during your desperate bid to survive the nightmare that you now find yourself in. This game, although still in its early release stage, has much to offer. Day night cycles and events, weapons and their respective customization, beautiful music, and perfectly foreboding atmosphere, and a deep sense of inner thought as you are confronted with particular decisions that cause you to question if you are any better than the evil you stumble across in these forsaken woods."
,Recommended,274520,35012997,Posted: 16 September,all,〤 MrWorthless,"first things first, the only reason I bought the game was because the devs uploaded a fully copy of the game to torrent sites.I was expecting nothing out of a free(?) game but the game is much much better than I expected it to be.It was so spoopy that at first I had to play without sound at all.slowly the game grows into you as you progress through itMUST say: this game is not that casual: you have ot take your time, you cant go like crazy, basically this game reguards people that take care and respect the woods.Been playing for like 11,5 hours and so far I'm on act 1, hideout 2, game seems pretty long not something like 5-6 hours ,  no no. Would say aim for 25+ hours or more of a fully first time playthrough.Replayability: YES/NO - I would say YES since Ive seem to fail some game events that I had no idea what they were first so you die or fail them, also the map changes and some places are random.Having some fun sharing my screen with my friend and getting spooped together."
76561198057554751,Recommended,274520,22125656,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,King Gizzard's Lizard Wizard,"As it is now, it has a considerable amount of content and story, I definitely got my money's worth from this game, even though it's still in development. I played Darkwood hoping for a interesting, open ended horror game that depends on atmosphere to put you on edge, and I was not disappointed.  I've put 34 hours into this game already, and I plan to put in many more as new chapters and content is released."
,Recommended,274520,34789910,Posted: 7 September,all,Eury,"Torrent the game, buy it anyway #thuglife"
76561198272971949,Recommended,274520,28505863,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Mr Ratburn,"One of the best games I have ever played, incredibly immersive for a game with an above perspective. Very interesting (if a little vague) story, kinda like dark souls. If only it was more popular so there would be more hints and quest tips on the internet! 10/10 would reccomend!"
76561198038497548,Recommended,274520,11438603,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Spyder9917,"First game I bought early access... skeptical about the whole early access thing. I don't like buying a game that isn't finished.... buuuuuuuuuuuuuut, I am pleasently surprised by this game. It's a good survival horror game. You start with little knowledge of what the hell is going on but as you progress it appears everyone is stuck in the woods. Some demonic things are going on in the woods and danger is behind every..... tree. As I understand only one chapter is finished as of right now otherwise it's just a giant sandbox to play. This game has great potential. I recomend it. If you wait for full game so be it,  just give it a go sometime. You won't regret it! If you do buy it early access, you will be happy to know it runs smoothly, and I haven't seen any game breaking issues as of right now. Only thing I hope they implement is controller support. It feels as though it's meant to be played dual stick."
,Recommended,274520,34340214,Posted: 18 August,all,gwalive,"First ever game review.I should preface by disclaiming that I've waited for the full release of this game for quite some time (being a huge survival horror fan), without ever playing it in its alpha or beta stages, so I can't comment much on its development.However, this game really is a welcome breath of fresh air in the stagnating horror genre. The game ackowledges the formulas of well-loved successful titles such as 'Sunless Sea' and 'Don't Starve' in its gameplay and lends an atomosphere and world akin to those the likes of 'Silent Hill' and cult titles like 'Pathologic'.They've emphasised the 'survival' element of the genre's namesake and this really hyperboles the tension and fear generated by the game. This contributes towards a relatively balanced game pace, although I'd recommend it primarily to those who prefer to play in short bursts, rather than hour long marathons.It explores some original concepts in its plot and setting (dark woods, if you didn't guess, though it's far more ineteresting than its title) and has some very interesting gameplay mechanics (i.e. crafting, night/day cycle).It's definitely worth the price tag for those who enjoy the survival/horror genres (either exclusively or combined) and I would encourage people to get involved as the community surrounding the game is very positive and active (at the time of writing) and the developers - from what I can tell - are responsive to fans of the game."
,Recommended,274520,15970609,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Graduate M E L O N,"This isAlpha, so by no means should any of this beentirelyaccurate after the release.With that said, I've never been more impressed with so little time spent in a game. I have over 120 games, console games, BIG gamer in general. My favorite genre is rogue-like, survival, and strategy, so low and behold this would be of interest to me.I know what survival games entail. Luck and balls. Walk out, get the stuff, get back before dark. Not much to it, but it's still entertaining. The one thing games like that, in general, lack is reality. Darkwood takes things some much further and differently.Darkwood is the freeroam, pain-stakingly hard game I've searched for for a long time. They play on fears, and best of all, make things very new and real. Everything is made to scare you. Your map is realistic, where you don't have your exact locations, but you navigate via landmark. Combat is difficult, fair, aggrivating, and rewarding. Permadeath features (the rogue-like special) keeps things fresh and more valuable. Resources are far and few between, making things even more difficult.Everything plays off each other. Everything will come for you. Everything about this game is worth it."
76561198005470247,Recommended,274520,34320183,Posted: 17 August,all,Chris,Probably the best 2d top down horror game i've played.Stellar atmosphere makes headphones a must.
,Recommended,274520,23684825,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Cinderspark,"This game scares the crap out of me. I mean this in a good way, but I feel like it is too difficult to get anything done. There is a certain point where fear becomes a hindrance, and keeps you from progressing, and I'm just not sure if this game hits that balance. Of course, I'm horrible at horror games, so don't let that be the deciding factor.All in all, it's a pretty beautiful game, and it does fear and suspense very well. The sounds in the night are not just sounds. There is actually something hunting you, and it's just found its way inside. Every night is an oxygen denied waiting game, where silence and stillness is the name of the game. You'll find yourself cursing when the character shifts on its own and you hear his coat move. If you want a true horror survival where every choice and every opened container can mean your death, or slightly delayed death, this might be the game for you. It's an unforgiving game that depends on line of sight, darkness, and horrifying sound design that will make you jittery and wishing for that white screen of daylight.  Just don't expect to be able to actually progress in the game if you're not willing to bite back your fear and dive into the horrors that dwell outside. Even a single enemy could spell your death, and there really isn't a way to be properly prepared or get the upper hand."
76561198122481188,Recommended,274520,18739234,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Cryptographix,"This game is by far the most intelligently designed horror/survivor game. Unscripted and random everytime you play the only events that are scripted are the stories that play out. Dark memories attached to places and people, just like the real world. This game uses extremely in depth sound effects. When the lights go out in your safe house after the sun goes down you listen to the things that go bump in the night. The game forces you to rely on hearing to determine locations of enemies invading the abandoned building you use as a safe house. The forest is so thick you and your neighbors are trapped without escape. Sometimes you hear a monster in the night, sometimes you hear a npc going mad screaming into the night. This game is extremely dark and well detailed. A very worthy purchase this game will make you jump. I don't carehow accustomed you are to horror games this one will take you for a ride. Play at your own risk........."
,Recommended,274520,26421469,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,admin to me,"I am terrible at playing horror games, but I still do, or try to. That being said, for a top-down game, this is one of the scariest games I've played. I would have thought the lack of first person camera seen in most modern horror games would have broken immersion, but the way darkness envelops you at night really makes this top-tier spook material. You only have the faintest hints of what's going on outside your vision at night, and the helplessness you feel when you board yourself in and barricade your position with furniture is great, albeit stressful. It's plenty spooky in the day, too.On the side, I really like the way shadows work, and the canopies of trees add a sort of 2.5d effect. Good art.For a giant man-child like myself, this is a great game to simulate how I would hide in a corner and weep all night.I give this 5 frightened whiny babies, I haven't decided what the maximum is."
18108921088355555,Recommended,274520,33660425,Posted: 19 July,all,Ninjasmoker,"For me, this is a masterpiece!I came across this game a month ago, and had no expectations, it looked interesting, mysterious.But omg what did I find here?! And yes, this may sound crawly, but this game is worth every praise!Why?It enthralls you so much, from the beginning to the last breath..The story is like a mixture between a David Lynch and a Alfred Hitchcock movie - if you like or adore the two Directors than you just HAVE to play Darkwood!The Gameplay is great, the sound fits perfect and makes a mysterious ambience, the events and animations are breathtaking and scary! And every time you think you saw and experienced everything, Darkwood punishes you...The last point: if you read the letters and dreams and events -  and actually try to solve what happend in Darkwood - and I highly recommend to do so - you can't stop trying and you want to find the next clue and go on playing.I really wished I didn't finish it (Beta 2.0) - to experience Darkwood again. But I am looking forward seeing the final version coming in August - and the Epilogue of course! (because I still have some questions ;)greetingsNinja"
,Recommended,274520,12852340,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Jadorzz ☣,"Darkwood has real potential to revive its genre.I am a huge fan of older survival horror titles including the original Resident Evil and Silent Hill games and have watched the genre die with every new release. Modern day 'survival horrors' have this awful habit of spoon feeding players with abundant resources and frequent saving opportunities. This isn't the case with Darkwood; you have to scavenge for what little you can and you will struggle. The devs have done a brilliant job of balancing this game and ensuring that, all the while, you are absorbing the creepy atmosphere.The style and overall feel of the game is a real tribute to old-school survival horrors. The visual effects are dark and gloomy; the music and sound effects are eerie and build the perfect amount of tension. Hearing an enemy breaking your barricades in the silence of the night is truly terrifying. The controls are a refreshing change and combat is challenging, but engaging and actually quite fun.Although at the stage of posting my review we're only able to play the first chapter of the storyline, I can confidently say that you are immediately drawn in to the true spirit of the survival horror genre. Yes this game is challenging and yes you'll probably die a few times on your first try, but it's a welcome change.I'll be keeping a close eye on updates to Darkwood. The devs are actively improving this game and I can't wait to see what else they have in store for us. Even from playing just the first chapter I am intrigued to know more about what happened in Darkwood."
76561198029880121,Recommended,274520,34247340,Posted: 14 August,all,Killtaro,"I bought this game august 2014 when i didn't knew what was early access Hell. At this point i played 2 hours until this weekend cause the game i played in 2014 was bad, not bad bad but enough for me to say : ♥♥♥♥ it, this is gonna be another game where i throw 15$ in the trash and it wont be completed ever... guess who was god damn wrong... never in my entire life i've been so happy for the the hard working dev who never gave up on their baby and that after 3 years put an official release date!! I just wanted to say to the developper that i am sorry for giving up on you when you never did, i am a coward, i hide in my shelter during the night even if people are calling for help outside...thank you for delivering one of the scariest, challenging, rewarding game ive played this year! I am not saying its perfect, but man if you guys are a fan of any S.T.A.L.K.E.R. like, game, you'll probably find (like i did) the love of your life... Anyway, thank again guys!"
,Recommended,274520,34430094,Posted: 22 August,all,TheSir 2Spoopy4U,"Don't let the top down perspective fool you, this game (I feel) is more horrifying with it. not being able to clearly view something due to the cone view, can scare the living hell out of you when something charges from behind. I have gotten through 1 night so far, and it was one of the most unnerving experiences I have had in a game. Forced to sit in a corner praying that something wouldn't break my window and murder me.It was a terrifying and fun game with a base building aspect that I really enjoyed so far, and once I gather the courage to play it again, I hopefully will be able to barricade better."
,Recommended,274520,34701373,Posted: 2 September,all,saguaro66,"Dark, twisted, and terrifying. Survival is the name of the game and it gets pretty treacherous at times. Very interesting way to present a narrative which plays out kind of like a Dark Souls storyline. The lore is pretty interesting, and there is a surprising amount of it. The vibe is a strange mix of Evil Dead/Silent Hill: spooky, supernatural, and haunting. The visuals are dark and beautiful, but what really shines is the sound design. Bone chilling music top this game off as a memorable experience that will shake you to your core and make you wary of the shadows.Super cool of the devs to release a torrent version. I would buy this game again to support them. I hope there is more content to come!"
,Recommended,274520,24671606,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,sgtkneecaps,"I am not into horror games at all. I honestly have a really hard time with them because I'm a big baby.But for some reason I was drawn to Darkwood. I can't explain why.And I'm so happy I was brave enough to start playing. (I'm just barely brave enough...)Honestly, every time I load the game in there's a sense of dread that befalls me, because to be quite honest, the psychological toll this game takes on you is very VERY well executed. There's not much you can do to comfort yourself while playing. There's no ""I'm safe"" feeling. Just a building sense of unsafe. An almost Lovecraftian catch-22: ""the more I know the better I can protect myself - but also the worse it is for me"". That is so incredibly difficult to achieve, and this game nails it!Every step you take in the day time is unsafe, and every night is even worse.The nights... I won't go into detail... play it yourself...The developers 100% know what they are doing when they give you the ""night"" mechanic, and I hope they never change it. It makes every next day more exhausting than the last.The sound, art, and atmosphere makes this game. Its perfect for what it wants to be.Gameplay is solid, difficult sometimes, but solid. I have a feeling they will make some things smoother in the future, but I'm glad I'm playing it NOW, rather than later down the line if they ever make it easier.This game is compelling beyond explanation. I want to stop playing (because I'm a big baby) yet I can't put it down.I cannot wait for this game to be released in full. The developers should know they are working on something that will become very successful!"
,Recommended,274520,21061865,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,AschTheConjurer,"Darkwood is an Early Access title, this review is subject to change. Date and Version at time ofwritingediting: December 18th -- Alpha 8.1TL;DR: One of only two Early Access games I didn't feel cheated out of my money on, and in fact highly recommend. Please fund these guys.Darkwood, from The Acid Wizards, is based on atmosphere and tension. Rather than resorting to jump-scares it relies on psychological horror andorganicscares in the sandbox. It's also a game whose mechanics are kinda hard to describe or summarize without spoiling. But I'll try:This top-down title achieves 'scariness' partly due to great artistic style and sound design, but mechanically it's because of your line-of-sight - the way that light and your LOS interact to affect your ability to see in the dark is reminiscent of the foreboding feeling most people got from Silent Hill 2's fog.Speaking of darkness, Night is probably the most important mechanic other than light and sight so far. At the end of each day one must survive through the night. Hide in a corner behind a wardrobe you dragged over and barely scrape by - or take the fight to those who would hunt you, and enjoy the spoils of war.[Updated Note:]Changes to Nighttime have introduced an unkillable enemy that forces you to stay indoors during the dark hours. This mechanic is highly controversial among the early-access community.Combat is rather precise and unforgiving like the Souls games or CRAWL, but in sandbox fashion can mostly be avoided by hiding well or fleeing. Different melee weapons provide different tactics: you'll likely find your favorite bashing tool and religiously stick with it. Firearms are an expensive resource, but will give those struggling with meleefar morethan just an edge if they can source themselves some ammunition.By day, you explore the world for crafting items and NPCs using landmarks automatically marked on your map once close enough. Some landmarks and areas have function or loot, others are solely for navigation. The shape of the world and the location of, and loot in, each setpiece changes each new game (with few exceptions). Combined with the permadeath difficulty, a very satisfying rogue-like experience is available.When story isn't extracted in a Dark-Soulsian way (by the player inferring things from the environment), it comes from artistic cinematics, or the flavourful NPCs. While they communicate in small walls of text, they're aided by anunsettlinglyanimated portrait. This is shared with the greater world, where some lootable bodies, hostile flooring, items needed for XP, and even some idle enemies have strange and twitchy, but creepily organic animations.[Updated Note:] The Acid Wizards have doubled-down on their artstyle and worldbuilding with it. Players who find their way to Chapter 2 will be richly rewarded with some of the most ♥♥♥♥ed-up-cool♥♥♥♥♥♥I've ever seen depicted in a videogame. H.R. Giger ain't got♥♥♥♥♥♥on these Polish fellows.At current the game's second chapter ends rather abruptly, leaving the player to free-roam the second chapter's map, but this is somewhat made up for by the number of places one can explore, and the irregular updates that either provide a shovel of new content or reworked game mechanics, requiring players to find more efficient playstyles under new rules.Summary:Darkwood might be an incomplete game with [literally:] one or two flaws, but I believe the art, atmosphere, gameplay, and effort are more than worth anyone's time. I'd put it on-par with a few of Steam's other indies like Nuclear Throne, or CRAWL, in that playing Darkwood is doing yourself a service."
76561197970800104,Recommended,274520,28437892,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,CAL9000,"Darkwood is an intense survival horror game set in a mysterious forest. The gameplay is viewed from a top-down perspective and blends combat, exploration, story and survival mechanics in a satisfying way. The prologue is deliciously disturbing and sets the tone of things to come: you start each day in your hideout and must venture out to collect supplies to safeguard yourself and your hideout. As you progress, you'll encounter numerous weird allies and enemies. There's some crafting elements - such as the ability to construct torches, weapons and bandages - and RPG additions - like the ability to inject odd mushrooms which give you various abilities/weaknesses.The unique gameplay mechanism comes in the form of the view cone wherein your character can only see things they are looking at directly. This creates alot of tension and many interesting gameplay scenarios: for instance, you may hear the snap of a twig or the bark of a demon dog as you explore the forest which may force you to look around, bolt away or tread more carefully. The game rewards careful planning and punishes wrecklessness. If you run mindlessly through the forest without checking to see what's around you you'll likely stumble into a beartrap or some poisoned mushrooms; if you take your time and play cautiously you will be able to progress to new regions and advance the story.The combat is nicely balanced and reminiscent of classic survival horror games: you don't feel overpowered but you can muster just enough equipment to defend yourself if you try. The game permits you to choose from 1 of 3 difficulties: the easiest difficulty gives you infinite lives and the option to collect some dropped equipment on death; the hardest difficulty - and by far the most thrilling - gives you just 1 life and forces you to play very carefully and cautiously. The game becomes even more terrifying by night as you must get back to your hideout and survive until morning. Many of the games best scares come at this point as numerous creatures try to break into your house and various strange events occur.The lighting/shadow effects are wonderful - especially considering the game is mostly in 2D - and the muted colour scheme and odd enemy/ally design combine to create an unnerving atmosphere. The sound design is incredibly atmospheric: the menu music captures the tone of the game perfectly and the dynamic soundtrack does a good job of setting the mood as the time and setting change. The 'Time Freeze' music is particularly wonderful and the sound effects are suitably strange and eerie throughout.So far I've played around 35 hours and explored 2/3 regions of the forest: I feel the game is already satisfying and worthy of its price tag based on the current content and my enjoyment thus far. My only minor complaints are some of the UI elements could be better explained - for instance it took me a little while to understand that many items in the world had their own progress/health bar - and it would be nice to be able to repair some of your damaged structures.The game is still in development however and I expect things will only get better as the Acid Wizard team push towards release.I would highly recommend this game to fans of 'weird' survival horrors like Silent Hill and Lone Survivor but if you're a fan of recent atmospheric survival games like The Long Dark you may find lots to enjoy here also."
,Recommended,274520,34278461,Posted: 16 August,all,trainchaser,"One of the best games I've ever played. Darkwood has it all: a unique story, an amazing atmosphere and great gameplay mechanics (the cycle of night and day that heavily affects the way you play). This is a must have, especially if you're a fan of survival horror."
,Recommended,274520,14509243,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,TheRealDEG,This game is fun but its extremely difficult. The only thing that needs refining is the fact that there is no true sense of direction and you never really know where you are going. Otherwise this game is THE BEST survival horror games i've played. Being able to barracade doors with furniture and boarding up windows is a great feature that not very many games utilize. This game is absolutely worth the money. No doubt about it.
76561198031453982,Recommended,274520,16502892,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Hamster,me @nightstaying in hideoutcreepy soundsgetting louder and loudernearly at peakturn on flashlightunhuman screamkilled banshee by shining light on her10/10 would illuminate again
76561198039297072,Recommended,274520,34337277,Posted: 18 August,all,andrej,"""The thing that makes you most uncomfortable, is the thing you need to embrace most""To be honest i didnt expected anything from this game. I watched some of its trailer while it was still in developement and thought ""well..looks kinda interesting, but i guess it will just flop like most of these indie horror games""yesterday by accident i saw that this game just came out, and since i havent played a horror game for way to long, and i wanted to have one or two hours some horror fun until i refund it, i said myself ""ohh well, why i dont play this game for a while""And now i look at my prejudices and laugh about how wrong i was.This little indie game...is maybe the best best horror game i played in my life!Everything is so perfect. The horror is sooo real! It is not coming from this jumpscares where out of nowhere a screaming ghost lady appears, it is not a gore horror game, where the developer just wants to make as much virtual blood as possible and call this horror... No the horror in this game is so subtile and well done, i really have to say my appreciation to the developer who did create such an immersive experience!You wake up in a little cottage. In the kitchen is a strange gas leaking, you have no memorys of your self. You remember that you are already a few days in the woods, and strangely you have realised that you havent eaten or drink anythink for already a few days...but you didnt needet it. Somethink is wrong with you, with this place and with the world around you, and everything you want is leave. But the woods are alive. Trees are growing out of no where and are surrounding the whole place. The streets out, are all consumed by the wood, and strange things can be found lurking around. Some disaster has happend here, but what causes it and what exactly did happen...you dont know.The game plays like a survival game..in some way. While you move around in the day to search for interesting places, you will find material like planks, nails, matches. With this material you can craft more advanced tools. Like bandages to heal your wounds, torches to give you light in the dark, or maybe some basic weapon. Your only goal that you have to follow is...to survive of course. Because while your body doesnt need water or food...he has to survive the horror of the woods. And what horrors they are.Because while the wood is already dark and creepy..its getting worse in the night. The horrors are to strong to survive them in the night, you have to hide inside your basement and do what you can to stay safe. Have you found some Planks to barricade the windows and doors? a beartrap perhaps to keep the mosters out? could you found fuel somewher to keeep your generator running so you can use the lights? And while you are hiding in a corner of the room, hoping that the horror will end to see the welcoming light of the new day...you know that what ever lurks in the woods will be back. And they will be hungry.A true masterpiece of an horrorgame, that could create all of his horror from its gameplay, and its intense immersion that is coming from the awesome visuals and the sounds. Ohh boy the sounds. I would recommend this game for everyone who likes horror games by any means. Its an experience that you will find no where else except this game."
,Recommended,274520,29511855,Posted: 26 January,all,KERNBOOM,HORROR SURVIVAL GAME RECIPE(1 person)Ingredients:2x Uncomfortable atmosphere1x Difficult to survive3x Interesting story and delivery1x Stylish gameplay elementsTurn off lights.Play with gamepad.Stir with nighttime.Serve with mushrooms.10/10
,Recommended,274520,26708970,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,The Harbinger of Winter,"I have a love-hate relationship with this game. I love every aspect of it...  literally everything. However, I hate that I can never get past night 7 or 8, and I hate that I can never find the right key, and I hate that I'm forced to take a perk that makes me weaker before I can actually play, and I hate that I'm the only person who has played this game 15 hours and never made it to the second portion of the map, and I hate that I've played only 15 hours of this because of how much ragequitting I've done, and I hate...EDIT: This game has been made much easier. It's still a great challenge for me, but I'm bad *EDIT 2: It's gotten easier again, but the difficulty settings have been varied so things are kinda balanced*. I've since made it to the second region and almost to the third *EDIT 2: Completed, well done!*. Hope they do create a mode that has the randomness of the early beta though.Graphics: 9/10Gameplay: 10/10Story: 9.5/10Score: 10/10Mechanics: 9/10 (EDIT: Bugs are basically non-existent, well done. The rating stands for the difficulty of use of items, however, this is a key part of the game's difficulty... that said, the game is god damn difficult (again, toned down tho))Overall: 9.5/10"
76561198100824848,Recommended,274520,18572984,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Iron Caterpillar,"Real talk: I thought this game's arial view thing looked lame and made the game seem less scary. Really I played it for 10 hours the first day I got it. It's like silent hill except without a linear plot. Basically the protagonist's job is to do what any human being in the same situation would do: gather supplies, find information, survive and try to escape. Additionally the angles don't deter from the creepiness or the shock factor. Very fun."
76561198031355289,Recommended,274520,34590794,Posted: 29 August,all,gruber_meister,"An atmospheric, jarring, and sonically stunning piece for a sphere of gaming (indie developers) that has seen a plethora of bad outcomes, Darkwood offers players a small chance at survival... if you're worthy.My first time playing this game I sat at my computer for a good 5 hours just trying to survive, I found some corpses with wooden planks and nails, made a nail-board, and pushed a wardrobe in front of the gaping hole in my safe-house in an effort to keep the baddies out. night came, and with it a sense of overwhelming isolation that left me hoping, pleading, praying for dawn to come. I was hooked. The nights got worse, however, as more and more terrifying creatures came knocking (or bursting into) the safehouse, giving only the slight, horrifyingly distinct screech of a wardrobe sliding across a wooden floor as a warning.By day, you will scavenge and craft your way to slightly stronger levels of self-defense and safehouse-reinforcement, but by night, all bets are off as the things that literally go bump in the night will try to claw their way not only into your haven, but also into your sanity.Tips:1. Buy a watch and lantern if you can't find them. you'll thank me later, when you're out and dont know how long you have left until nightfall, or need to fight when the lights go out because you forgot to fuel up the generator.2. USE YOUR GAINED REPUTATION. reputation is the currency of the woods, and each dawn you get an allotment to spend at the trader who visits your house. But the Wolf does not grant you more reputation, you must trade him for it... Choose your relinquished items wisely. A couple bottles of alcohol and a tank of gas might be worth it in the short term for a toolbox to upgrade your workbench, but you might also find that monsters have a great advantage in the dark, night vision, while you need torches and adequately fueled generators to see them and fight back. Which reminds me, TURN OFF THE GENERATOR IN THE DAYTIME... I've forgotten more than once.3. If you don't have to fight, don't fight. Things in this game are FAR more mobile than you, and will exploit that advantage at every possible opportunity. plus your weapons have durability, which will deplete with each swing.4. Read. This is a psychological horror, and has quite a cast of characters that become important, which means that it's vital to read what they have to say in order to progress and get the story elements.5. Learn to value the fine cloth. (I think that's what it's called) It's the item that allows you to expand your inventory space or hotbar, and it's amazing. You'll find tons of items, and it gets dangerous when you have to make a couple trips to get a bunch of nice things back to your homebase and into your workbench, which doubles as a storage cabinet.6. Listen intently to your surroundings. This game makes impressive use of sound as an immersion factor: twigs snap as you explore the woods, enemies will sometimes alert you to their presence with their noisy (and sometimes disturbingly nonsensical) behavior, and it is much better to rely on your sense of hearing than your sense of sight when the sun goes down. But keep the lights on in the house, anyway. It'll save you a huge headache.This game is great, and serves as a reminder to all indie developers of what can be achieved when you put in the work. I had the game since alpha, and never saw the devs give up on making the game better. Well done, Acid Wizards, well done."
76561198013926690,Recommended,274520,25889971,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,damyen,Chapter 2 finally out.  Took a while but with a team of 3 people you have to wait for quality.  Amazing game that only gets better with each update.  10/10
76561198086770623,Recommended,274520,33888607,Posted: 29 July,all,EdgewoodDarkbottom,"I waited 3 years for this game to finally be released and I can't say I'm disappointed with the results Acid Wizard Studios has given us. The game is frightening, tough, unnerving at times and of course, fun. This was one of the only few early access games I've ever purchased before release and I don't regret it at all. Darkwood is fully functional with only its ending and other small chunks of content locked away until the release date coming up (which is soon) and manages to out perform some of the more modern, AAA survival horror games. Can't wait to see what else comes from these guys."
,Recommended,274520,31160373,Posted: 15 April,all,Placeable,An unfortgiving game that does not hold your hand.  Lots of mystery involved in a setting with strange creatures.  The artstyle is great and fits the atmosphere.  Even for Early Access the game in its current state offers a lot of content and stable gameplay.  Highly recommend if you like difficult survival horrors with a dark mysterious tale.
,Recommended,274520,14981727,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,twitch.tv/knewdisciple,"Do not let this gem pass you up! Whether you like roguelikes, horror, or just different and well done games in general, Darkwood is for you."
,Recommended,274520,18711493,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Steele,"THE scaryest top down game ever. With its bizzare and dark visuals, that I absolutly love, everything feels weird, strange and grotesque. the early access version of this game has some much things in it. Just imagein when its finished.This game is going to be god damn brilient.  Im super hyped for more."
76561198138423543,Recommended,274520,22923096,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Amielk,"I have to say that i'm a huge fan of horror games but what really get me in Darkwood is that I underestimate the top view perspective for a horror game I thought it will be a fine game but it turns out that this is the best indie horror game I've ever played the art is awesome the dark colors are flawless the music is deep and obscure the fighting system is not predictable cause it requires skill of course and that's amazing, also I need to applaud the team who made this game cause I had so much fun playing with my friends and I think it will be great if Darkwood has multiplayer so whoever is reading this I tell you if you like challenge, a new adventure full of darkshit just buy the game and enjoy."
76561198027803797,Recommended,274520,34858916,Posted: 10 September,all,Krisolov,"Best survival horror after classic Residents Evils.Explore random generated eery open world of terrors with strong eastern-europe vibes. Visit crazy handcrafted locations, each with it's own dreadfull story. Look for scarce supplies. Craft weapons. Progress your character skills. Repair and defend your hideout by night. Chat with strange characters living in woods. Enjoy fantastic sound. Move through cryptic and well-written story to the end.Only one thing you must not to do...don't visit wedding."
,Recommended,274520,25272816,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Elcatro,"Excellent game, very atmospheric and scary.Have no doubt, development is slow but everything about the game screams quality and a slower development process can be forgiven if the end result is a game as fantastic as this.10/10 Worth every penny even now."
,Recommended,274520,33325238,Posted: 6 July,all,Neffarion,"Excelent game. Never tought I'd be this impressed with it.Its scary as ♥♥♥♥, even for a 2D game.It has averyinteresting and enigmatic plot.Wierd, dark but interesting universe.Awesome gameplay mechanics, specially the line of sight mechanic.Gives you a real sense of fear from dying, specially on higher difficulties.Haslotsof content and interesting characters.Good music and sounds."
76561198056341503,Recommended,274520,11472860,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,KnightOfMadness92,"If you enjoy survival games like 'Don't Starve' and 'The Forest' without having the constant hunger factor or mental factor, then this is the game for you. This is one of the few games that I have bought recently that I actually enjoy purchasing. It has intresting characters, hard difficulty without being repetitive, scary monsters, and an intresting plot. I have no regrets purchasing this game and enjoy every time I play it.If there was one issue I had with this game, it would be having to turn the brightness up all the way NOT because of it being too scary (it's scary enough as it is), but rather you can't walk two feet of you without bumping into a tree or wall if you have the brightness any other way.10/10, would by again and my advice though to all potential buyers...DON'T play this game in the dark ;D"
76561198010279414,Recommended,274520,19799852,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Rogueliker,"I did a 32 video series on Darkwood in it's current state three months ago or so. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wPgNDWzAEXU&list=PLDJGj71kLY5WpuNwYP2hO0PGQVYftyNmz)I can't reccomend this game more. It isn't finished, but the game draws you in. It's tense every night. Things you encounter will genuinely disturb you and bug you for a while after. I would buy this game again. The Acid Wizard did some good work."
,Recommended,274520,14253379,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,GanzenSatze,"10/10 would cry againBut, seriously, I hella reccommend this game to anyone who likes crafting, horror, survival, and a good story.Some advice?Forget about the rabid dogs, bird creatures, savages, chomper zombies and shade creatures...Mushrooms are your worst enemy"
76561198039872760,Recommended,274520,11471461,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,SourBidoof,This game is hard. It will shove you into the dirt and kick you while you are down. I love it. Like an abusive relationship you don't want to get out of. Can't wait for some updates!
,Recommended,274520,32992668,Posted: 29 June,all,Ðê†å¢hHµñ†êr,"I must admit, for a game that has been in Early Access for such a long time, and it's only just recently, and finally, reached its Beta day; I must admit that I'm quite impressed with how well this game has slowly developed into a whole story. Of course we're just now on the stage of just waiting until somethings get fixed and a few changes here and there, etc. before BAM! full game release.The people working on it are constantly on the move to improve the game, fix things that are wrong and overall not abandoning this project even though it's taken them so long to get here.As for gameplay. Stunning! The atmosphere to it is extremely fitting, and it really lives up to its namesake of Darkwood. It's challenging at the same time as intriguing. You have to learn to adept and sometimes even learn on the go. And not to mention it's on point with its horror and survival aspects, while at the same time (depending on your difficulty) it can be a bit forgiving as well to the player as well.I honestly find it to be one of the best survival horror games I've played thus far, and totally would recommend other people to play. So yes, I say this game is definitely worth it."
76561198067746687,Recommended,274520,26608262,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,John Locke,"This game is great. At first, when I read early access, I had believed it would be another unfinished, DayZ style game. I was wrong. Darkwood really is a great game.They state multiple times that the game may be broken, and have many bugs and glitches, but as for what I see, I haven't expreienced any save losses, game crashes, or mechanical failures due to the game. That being said, if you're looking for a creepy atmosphere, top-down, survival horror game that will often leave you on the edge of your seat, Darkwood is for you."
76561198144800785,Recommended,274520,29065844,Posted: 6 January,all,korben dallas,"This game is utterly fantastic, a true labor of love. Yes, it has been in development a long time, but progress is constant, and even a couple years ago this game was the type and quality you could replay over and over. It's that good. And it has only gotten better.It is, at its core, a survival and scavenging game. During the day, you leave the relative safety of your hideout to explore and scavenge the ruins of the world that is Darkwood. You collect crafting materials, and ferry them back to your hideout in an attempt to improve your situation. Do you want to use the wood you collected to board up those windows, rebuild that door, upgrade your workbench, or craft a new weapon? These choices have weight and affect your very survival.Of course, there are plenty of animals and ridiculously scary creatures to contend with as you do this, especially as you progress to increasingly difficult areas. The combat is tricky to get the hang of at first. Once you do, it's a very intense, yet rewarding system. It's not a kill, kill, kill type of game; each fight is a battle, and sometimes running your♥♥♥♥♥off is the only way to save yourself. There tends to be a desperate feel to it that can really get your heart going. For a game to draw the player in like that is quite a feat in its own right.Then nighttime comes. This is when you really have to hunker down, this is what you were preparing for during the day. This is the time when the violent creatures of Darkwood come to you looking for food, and they only have a taste for flesh.You fortify yourself in your hideout in one way or another, whether your broad strategy is to hide in a corner, patrol with weapons at the ready, or anything in between. You can craft and set traps, from something as simple as smashing a bottle on the ground to create a patch of broken glass, to working metal to create bear traps. You can stalk around in the dark (and it is DARK!) or utilize one of the many methods of creating light, such as using the generator (each hideout has one, but requires fuel to run it), crafting a torch or lamp, or dropping a (very valuable) flare. Again, each of these requiring resources. The game is filled with choices that may help you now, but leave you scraping tomorrow.I jumped right into talking about gameplay, because it's one of the many things that shines about this game. But it's really the atmosphere that gets the player into the characters shoes, makes you feel the intensity of it. They have achieved a very right combination of visuals, music, and creepy storylines to flesh out the Darkwood universe. And it is a creeeeepy place.In the end, after playing this game for countless hours (much of it offline), the only thing I really need from it is another difficulty level. Don't get me wrong, this game is difficult. It has a definite learning curve that can be punishing to new players. However, the game is so good that it's worth playing A LOT, and veteran status is bound to happen eventually. With the care and attention the devs give the game, I could see it being added down the line, closer to release. And still being in EA, anything is possible!PROS:-Atmosphere is phenomenally creepy-Intense, high stakes combat-Great scavenging and crafting system-Procedurally generated maps enhance replayability-A unique RPG-like skill system that forces a negative perk for every two positive-Day/Night system that pressures you to scavenge for supplies during the day, and make sure you're in shelter and fortified for the night-Multiple difficulties (unlimited lives, limited lives, permadeath)-Developers that are involved with the community and truly care about their gameCONS:-Perhaps not the best game for the overly-casual gamer, as there is a decent learning curve-Once the learning curve is finally overcome, the game eventually becomes too easy; as it stands in EA, veterans are clamoring for a more difficult setting than even permadeathAs Darkwood nears completion, it is better than ever. One of the best games I've ever played, let alone one of the best indy games. Darkwood is a world I will be returning to again and again."
,Recommended,274520,34598465,Posted: 29 August,all,KHORNE FLAKES,My first night and I'm huddled against my oven with a wardrobe to protect me. My door opened while I'm writing this and I think somethi
76561198105894900,Recommended,274520,27771876,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,arcanedestiny,"Great addition to the horror survival series. The feeling of being alone in pitch darkness at night due to not having any fuel left is an amazing feeling. Strange things lurk in the darkness, your curiosity will get the better of you but I say be cautious otherwise you may be in for a real treat. The main thing I loved about this game is the amount of content it has. There is much more than just a few scares. Darkwood takes the scares and makes them interesting, in a psychological way. Which is why I'll nominate this game for the Woah Dude! Award. The first couple of nights should also explain why I give this award :)- Solid Gameplay- Interesting Story- Array of tools and weapons to use- Night Time is awesome!- All resources are useful in one way or another.This is my short review I'll come back to edit later hopefully."
,Recommended,274520,33614349,Posted: 17 July,all,Ryan,Such a great game.  Very dark but also very laid back at times.  Dark ambient horror with a perfect soundtrack.
76561197977113437,Recommended,274520,14329484,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Tigger,Very spookie....very hard....very good >=)
,Recommended,274520,34341947,Posted: 18 August,all,Nickaka,"2.5 hours into it and I'm am really digging it so far. Definitely a hardcore, survival horror game that has truly surprised me.  Firstly, I love horror games but feel the ""jump scares"" are SUCH a cheap trick. This game has none of that, as the creators mention. This game is terrifying because of the world, characters, story and item mechanics. Personally, I'm not a big fan of indie/top-down games but I have been greatly surprised by the immersion. This game really gets your heart pounding and the atmosphere is absolutely terrifying.I almost don't want to mention the incredibly affordable price ($13) just because it takes away from the game itself. I would pay double now that I have experienced one of the most immersive indie game, imo."
,Recommended,274520,28543276,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,mattman2103,"This is a fantastic game.  It is a near perfect combination of open world survival and progressive story telling.  This game has come a long way.  It has quadruple the amount of content that it did when it first released back in 2014.  This game is procedurally generated, but the world feels handcrafted.  The combat may be slow and hard to handle, but that just feeds the intensity.  It is amazing what the developer has done.  In my opinion, no other open world survival game has come close to the amount of depth that this game has.  I also adore the art style.  It is somewhat reminiscent of those ""Scary Stories"" books by Neal Shusterman and Alvin Schwartz.  All in all, I highly recommend buying this game."
,Recommended,274520,34403392,Posted: 21 August,all,TheDude93,"This game is, by all means, pure gold ! I've been sucked into it, the atmosphere, art and gameplay are unique and feel wonderful refreshing. The story really interested me and the epilogue was fantastic. By reading this, one must think i am a rather unreflected recommender, but let me tell you that every single hour in the dark woods was hauntingly amazing !My happiness that this game turned out so superb is undescribable, you've done very well Acid Wizards !Thank you <3"
76561198150038041,Recommended,274520,34402519,Posted: 21 August,all,evilwolfspy2,"I've had this since Pre-Alpha, so, for at least a year, and I've played it very little because I've got a horrible jump reflex. This is a very well made game, and it has scared me dozens of times. There's nothing quite as scary as thinking you're alone in your hideout at night, just to have the door to the room you're hiding in open, but nothing comes in. This game is about scaring you, and about survival, I loved this game, and still do. It also helps that the developers are very active in updating this, and have come far from when I first played this. I reccomend this to anyone who loves Horror games, or to people who like survival games, but, play at your own risk. Meat."
,Recommended,274520,34339153,Posted: 18 August,all,BossaNova,It's been so long since I played an actual horror game. This is so good.
76561198052395900,Recommended,274520,11427654,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,demsokk,"So far the game is great, it's really tough and needs plenty of balancing but that will come with time. I realized that even with perma death turned off that you lose skills/level ups after death. It makes playing without perma a huge challenge still. I would like to see a more realistic adjustment to the weapon durability. An ax would not fall apart within 6-10 hits it would last a long time, what if you heavily increased their rarity and value so that they would not break the games feel of dread? Why not make them last 4 times as long but be 3 times as hard to obtain. Amazing game though as I only have small things like that i'd like to see different."
76561197992410886,Recommended,274520,24356232,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,TicTac,"Absolutely recommended. Very well made, the fact it's not too clean and tidy makes the story telling and atmospheric effects much more ...alive, This game shines through being ingtelligently made and with a course (As in rough) edge that a AAA game just would not have, thus much more atmosphere and effect."
76561198117678302,Recommended,274520,17895463,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,SkuzzyWasHe,"This is a fun game that reminds me of games I've played in the 90s, but has a modern twist with the crafting and controls. The story and world are unique, and the artwork is a real treat. The controls for movement and attack/item pickup are a little unusual, and the storyline is a little scattered and hard to follow, but surprisingly this does nothing to take away from the fun and experience.The game isn't easy, and can be very nerve-wracking, so if you like a nice long challenge this is worth a buy."
,Recommended,274520,29643705,Posted: 1 February,all,JamesFish21,This is one awesome and spooky game. I started out in version 9.1 and am loving every minute of it. If you like survival horror this is the next game you need to play.
,Recommended,274520,33060353,Posted: 30 June,all,Dismer,"This game is absolutley amazing! At first I was turned off by the graphics in the screenshots, but after finally buying it I now understand how it achieved such a level of positive feedback. The storyline and visuals are so chilling that it feels as if it was the work of some ""Triple A"" development team.If you're looking for a fun, scary, challenging, and storydriven game, then look no further. This will not dissapoint in anyway I can gaurentee you!!!"
76561198107044964,Recommended,274520,26080574,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Lowel,"The only real complaint I have about this game is that the updates erase my save an I have to start over everytime it updates.Which isn't much a complaint since I love playing the first couple hours of the game so much.PS: I know the playtime says less than an hour, but I've been playing countless hours offline. Trust me, I know what I'm reviewing."
76561198040590657,Recommended,274520,26819577,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,this nick is a lie,"Hidden gem, i still hope it will get more recognition so devs will have more money to finish the game faster."
,Recommended,274520,34357010,Posted: 19 August,all,malaisling,"An incredible gaming experience.Fantastic art, solid animation, amazing graphical effects, lots of content, a simple but satisfying combat system, great thrilling atmosphere with no jumpscares, gorgeous world and lore design. All around, masterpiece game.There is not much to complement in depth since it all simply is just really well done and very fun to play. However it should be noted that the game is more linear then it sounds. The world is decently randomized, and involves lots of free roam exploration, however the game still progresses based on quests and objectives. There is an overarching story which the protagonist is following, it isn't just an open survival experience.The biggest problem a player may have with the gameplay, is that it involves a lot of scavenging and travelling. Players run around each map, looking for resources and bringing them back to their hideout, fighting enemies whenever they appear or run into them. At night they stay in their hideout and wait for dawn. A significant amount of the gameplay is travelling between locations, so players that prefer fast paced gameplay will likely not be able to stand this much.Most of the downsides of the game itself are negligible but still note worthy.Players can only move at a decent pace by running, and running drains from the small stamina gauge players have. It is thus common to have to briefly stop or slow to a walk to regain stamina; which can be very tedious since the game involves a decent amount of travelling.The combat, while being very fun, has some rough edges. The game does que the players offensive moves, so if players try to attack and get interrupted; they will auto-attack when they can next. Which is blatantly annoying and can lead to unnecessary harm recieved. There is also the problem of some enemies being more offensive then the player can respond to, so if the player gets flustered or ambushed they can get stun-locked because it requires so much precision to properly respond and counter the enemy that it isn't always possible when under pressure. Certain weapons also consume ridiculous amounts of stamina to use, which makes it borderline impossible to fight more aggressive enemies which players need to be able to interrupt. Meaning at certain stages of the game, certain weapons become useless. Certain enemies are blatantly faster then the player offencively, and require dodging and spacing to fight, however because the player isn't agile getting hit a few times is almost mandatory unless the player fights with exact precision at all times. It is even worse since players have to charge most of their attacks, and sometimes they will pause before attacking if they are getting hit.The game also likes punishing players with free damage because they stepped on one of the numerous ground traps and hazards in the game. Which would be fine if a lot of them weren't difficult to see in general, especially when the mixed lighting and limited visibility range are factored in.During chapter transition periods of the game players also lose all the items they had in their previous base since they move to a brand new one in a seperate map. Only the items they brought with them are kept, so if players do not know this ahead of time they lose the opportunity to transfer more precious items over. The same can be said for exploring, if players do not know what mission advances the chapter they may end up doing it, getting advanced forward, and missing the chance to explore more in the original map.The random generation of the world is also not completely random. The world is pretty random, but every map has the same locations and points of interest inside it. They are just placed in different areas of that map and have slightly different layouts. So players will find that if they replay the game they will see the same locations again, which can harm replayability. But the first playthrough is quite lengthy and so getting a full experience really does not require multiple playthroughs at all.On a lesser note, it would be nice if there were more animations for doing tasks such as gathering mushrooms, looting chests and digging up things. It would also improve the quality of life if the leveling system was longer then it currently is, as it does cap decently before the player beats the game. Same goes for if the crafting system had more variance to it now, such as acquirable recipes.All the same, genius game, the quality and length worth more then the asking price."
,Recommended,274520,29349553,Posted: 18 January,all,tehres,"An absolute masterpiece; lucky are we who are so privileged to observe its creation. 100% worth the money.If you enjoy an unfaltering atmosphere of tension, uncertainty and despair, a rich but jealously guarded story-behind-the-story which demands you work for every detail, compelling and unique gameplay and mechanics and all the best aspects of an explorative, survival horror game, then Darkwood is exactly the medicine you need to restore your faith in the notion that video games can be good.From the very beginning to the very end, Darkwood devotes every moment of the time you play to making you feel like all's wrong with the world, and you constantly at the center of it. Even the local flora are actively hostile to you, and as you make your way deeper into the woods in your attempt to escape you face only greater and greater dangers. The upgrades and new items you find come as a breath of only temporary relief as you are forced to adapt to tougher enemies, harsher environments and scarcer resources as the game goes on. And even towards the end, you'll find yourself constantly struggling to decide not what to take with you, but what you can afford to leave behind. The tension is constant, and the threats to your life are omnipresent and very persistent. Even turning your back as you walk through an open field can be devastating if you take a step in the wrong direction.The mechanics of combat and of general interaction with the rest of the world come together very nicely to create a very smooth and mostly unpunctuated experience. Combat is very skill based and fast paced, especially in the end-game areas, and the game in general requires a swift mind and swift foot to keep up with the constantly looming threat of the night. Nighttime can be either a welcome reprieve from the constant dangers you face in the day or a hellish gauntlet of relentless assault, and you'll never know which until the hounds are upon you.The story is captivating, well-told and rewarding to follow. It is hidden in the people and creatures you encounter, as well as the very environment around you, requiring much exploration and personal effort to uncover the secrets of the ruined Forest and Swamp and learn the root of the evil plauging the land. There are so many different ways to approach and complete situations that multiple playthroughs aren't just possible, but rather an absolute must, and the procedural generation is enough to provide a fresh-feeling world to play through with its own unique quirks, joys, and obstacles each time.Some claim this game is too difficult. I agree that there is difficulty, indeed, but it is just enough, and if anything it could use a little more. You will learn to be patient, thoughtful, and strong in the Forest, and all you learn will be tested in the Swamp.My profile says 240 hours or something but frankly that's an underestimate as I've followed this game since it was announced in 2013 and I played every damn version I could get my hands on until I could purchase the game for myself. I've watched it grow and evolve since weird stones did something and it's been a joy because for once I have genuine hope that Early Access has facilitated something that I am proud to say I supported and believed in from the very beginning.This is the first game I've ever played that I felt passionate enough about to write a review for. But the emptiness I felt after I played Resident Evil 4 into the ♥♥♥♥ing ground as a child was filled at last when I found this game. The disappointment I've felt with every other would-be surivival game was forgotten, and I have never looked back. If you like good survival games that you will come back to time and time again, if you like games that make you shout with joy after you manage to get inside before the nightmares behind the door tear you open, if you like games that take away from time with your friends and loved ones because ""i'll only play through one more day"", Darkwood is for you. This game earned my money, and if you give it even two hours, it will earn yours too.I give this game an x/10, where x is any real number greater than 10."
,Recommended,274520,35190386,Posted: 24 September,all,Beleth,"I've gotta say, this game packs an emotional punch I did not expect from it at first.I'm leaving the thing with the free torrent to the side, since that should not reflect on the quality of the game.Darkwood is a beautiful game.The atmospherical buildup is amazing, ambient sounds and layered environments make the relatively simple top-down perspective feel alive. You'll especially notice this in a few specific places like the giant hole in the Silent Forest, the ravine running south of the Doctor's house, and a canyon in the swamp.The gameplay is solid, combat doesn't feel slow or draggy, but takes time to get good at.The game forces you to choose how to approach a given problem. Be it a monster, preferred tactics for night defense, or moving along the plot of the game proper.Once you get the hang of if, the game becomesreallyfun to play, the whole scavenge at day defend your base at night thing isn't original, but Darkwood gives it such a good spin that that doesn't particularly matter.I love the plot elements, the feeling of being trapped in a place that's so much greater than you, the dramatic reveal if you manage to get the True ending, the sense of dread you get when you're lost, or when you won't make it back to your hideout before nighftall. The real sense of desperation that comes in when you realize you're basically standing in a dead wasteland but with more trees.I delved deep into Darkwood's lore and am a wiki editor and forum roamer, and I honestly want more.That's my complaint, there's not enough darkwood.Oh, and Acid Wizard should definetly release the official soundtrack."
,Recommended,274520,34902593,Posted: 12 September,all,DrDreadMarley,OH DAMN YOU! Highly recommend not watching any footage on YT and experience that first night alone! I'm not sure ill make it through the 2nd night!10/10 Would survive only 1 night again!
,Recommended,274520,34398997,Posted: 21 August,all,Rek,"It's been a while since I've found a game I've been this excited about. It's tense, immersive, fun, and interesting enough that I don't mind replaying the game after all the times I've died with permadeath on. It's a horror game done right, and I hope the developers are not done with it."
76561197978389003,Recommended,274520,34521347,Posted: 26 August,all,kvanider,"I bought this game because the developer's gave it away free as a torrent. i look forward to playing more of this game in the future! thanks for being real people, you have my money right there."
,Recommended,274520,20572967,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Monday,The atmosphere carries this game
76561198037394344,Recommended,274520,32226934,Posted: 6 June,all,SavageSoybean,The beta download was 666 megabytes
76561197970651603,Recommended,274520,16726830,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Demoman_from_HELL,"Amazing Game from a super talented developer Team!+ great and unique artstyle+ great gameplay and story+ dense and creepy atmosphere+ so much detail and locations to explore+ perfect soundscape and music- a little bit unforgiving- interaction and UI a little clumsy- not for the fainthearted, this game will scare the **** out of you. I never played something that comes even close to this game :)They just put so much love and effort into this game. Even during Early Access i'll give it a 10/10 !!!A real gem!"
,Recommended,274520,34362498,Posted: 19 August,all,Classy Horse,"This game is AMAZING, one of the few games where the tenshion will get to you and the use of sounds is incredible, at first i didnt like how the map didnt show where you are but now it makes me feel accomplished to find my way around by using landmarks ive seen while scavanging. Seeing this game grow from since it was first in development its been a crazy to see this now."
,Recommended,274520,34634330,Posted: 31 August,all,EQOAnostalgia,"I should start with the fact that I avoided the early access phase of the game, which is something i never do, i was recommended by several of my subs to play and compile a full video review of the game a couple years ago, and still, to this day get requests, so if that's any indication of how much fans of the genre love this game, idk what is.Aesthetically i love what they have done here, they created a drab, depressing and oppressive environment! Isometric games have always been a favorite of mine going all the way back to the original Legend Of Zelda on NES, and this genre is starting to see a fair share of isometric games. Don't Starve comes to mind, though more survival than horror, Project Zomboid is another fine example, these are good times for our niche demographic, that's for damn sure!The sound design is also fantastic, obviously it features a lot of tense music but also has a few, very 80's, John Carpenter inspired tracks. Something most of us have no doubt begun to recognize in the industry, many games are doing this, and you won't find me complaining! Synth inspired music is pure ear candy to a child of the 80's! The monsters all have unique and terrifying sound effects, weapons sound crisp and clean, everything from tossing down traps to opening doors is spot on and they also seem to be making use of dynamic music that changes tone depending on your location/progress through an area.Both of these things, aesthetics and sound, come together flawlessly to deliver the kind of survival horror experience MANY of us have not had since the Silent Hill series was in full swing (Team Silent age) rather than relying on cheap jump scares, the game elevates the tension slowly, and relentlessly! Forcing the player to move through environments that, they much rather avoid.That's not to say the game is without it's ""OH SH#%!"" moments. It has those, but it doesn't clobber you over the head with them!The story thus far has me absolutely intrigued and wanting to learn more, where am i? Why am i here? How do i get out? Wtf is with that village!? Did i make the right decision... is this all a dream!? WTF IS GOING ON!?You couple this with the pace of the game and the way it transitions from day time explore/gather to night time, trap/base defense, with some slight puzzles, gathering of key items to progress and consumables to survive... and you have one hell of a game! I've seen a few jokes about Home Alone and setting traps, it's appropriate! Especially if you played the Sega Genesis version of Home Alone...  which you totally should if you were too young and missed it, because emulators!!!!... but i digress. This is a fantastic title and well worth the ticket price.""Buy the ticket, take the ride""Hunter S. Thompson."
,Recommended,274520,32932608,Posted: 28 June,all,Try to guess,2d paranoia simwith mushrooms
76561198041322345,Recommended,274520,16986206,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,RunHideMF,"The only way that this game can be described is impressive to the largest degree.  This is hands down the most crafted, perfected, and enjoyable early access experience that has been released in the history of steam's early access system.  I have dumped around 17 hours into the game, and I would check in and play a little after every update to see the changes that have been made.  Amazingly, the devs have kept up incredibly well with updates, and in the many months that I have owned this title, it has become a very different game, and all for the better.  The atmosphere is incredible and haunting right down to the core.  This is aided by the fact that your character has a limited cone of view.  How so, you might ask?  Though you can see things like trees and large rocks outside of the cone, you cannot see things like items, characters, or enemies, meaning that one of the many creative and challenging enemies in the game can still sneak up and attack you if you are careless.  The way this is implemented is masterful to say the least.The game demands that you be conservative with your resources, often making you choose between upgrading your weapon, upgrading your workbench to allow you to create more weapons and items, or fortifying your base to keep the mutated nightmares at bay once the sun goes down.  And the night time changes everything in the game.  Whereas in the day you can travel in relative safety and strategically kill or avoid most enemies that you come accross, the night turns you into the prey of the creatures that lurk through the forest.  Not only will monsters invade your home and attack you at night, but depending on whether or not you have any fuel in your generator, dark shadows will close in on you and kill you, and are a threat that can only be fought off with a light source.  While the early game will find you cowering in your home praying for morning light, you will later gather the resources and the courage to venture from your home at night, during which special and unique items and resources may be collected.Lastly, the sound design: HOLY HELL, the sound design in this game is PERFECT.  From the hair raising squeal that grounded objects such as stools and wardrobes make when dragging them accross the floor to the haunting moans and screaches of the night, this game will keep you scared and on your toes, especially at night.  Take it from me, when you are cowering in your room with the door baricaded with the wardrobe while not straying more than two feet from your light source, and then you hear the slow creaking of the other doors of your home opening at the will of murderous, rabid invaders, you will feel a fear for your life the likes of which very few games can produce.If I were to summarize this game in one statement, I would say that this is the most fun I've had from a horror game since Dead Space.  At $15, this game is currently an absolute steal, and even more so when the final version is released.  If you want a horror experience that is original, extremely well produced, and scary as all hell, do yourself a favor and PICK THIS GAME UP."
76561198073072370,Recommended,274520,34314200,Posted: 17 August,all,Mr_Splatter,I saw this game pop up 3 years ago and ever since then i've been waiting for a full release. Finally it is out and after playing the first hour I can say it was worth the wait. If you like being spooked this is the game for you because the atomosphere in this game is outstandly creepy.
76561198043220192,Recommended,274520,27858931,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,xMouthforwar,An amazing game! I love the atmosphere. Makes you fear the dark even if you have the lights on. Patches take a while but are well worth it.
76561198343846294,Recommended,274520,29924607,Posted: 14 February,all,DextersDabratory,"I want to say I saw the trailer for this game, and within a few seconds knew I wanted to buy it. To be honest when I first went to purchase this game I was unaware it was an early access game, and even as I played the tutorial and just started on the first level, so far I truthfully am loving this game.Learning that it was early access was actually interesting to me, as I do not normally like early access games when I have tried them. I am enthusiastic about what the game will become when it is ready for release. As of right now it seems so bloody brilliant and I have nothing but praise for it so far."
,Recommended,274520,33017841,Posted: 29 June,all,Niggasaurus Rex,"This game even in its beta state feels like a full game. The enviroment feels fleshed out and the atmosphere is excitingly unsettling. Every sound puts you on edge, every enemy is dangerous in its own right, and every location holds mysteries to be discovered. The ambiguity of this games plot and world only make it more interesting to dive into. I'd say its definently a good buy on-sale or not."
,Recommended,274520,34692558,Posted: 2 September,all,Boon,"Darkwood is an excellent topdown horror game that is set in a very strange forest that seems to have its own concious. Its inhabitants are plagued by a mysterious disease for which there is no cure. Only one elusive character -a doctor- seems capable but also unethical enough to find a cure.Who is that doctor?What happened to the people affected by the disease?What are those shadows that lurk around your home at night?Can you trust your own eyes?And how far are you willing to go, to save yourself from this wretched horror?"
,Recommended,274520,34846848,Posted: 9 September,all,Leo game off,"I was too scared to paly this game. This game has huge atmosphere and climate. It doesn't beatiful in graphics ,but for me it's not the best thing in this game. I was terrified to continue this game. Almost 5 deaths and game over on hard. Best game for people w,who don't sleep at nighr:)"
,Recommended,274520,27329356,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LeafletPamphlet,"Darkwood is one of the best horror games I've ever played, and every time a new update comes out I play through it again, and I still love it just as much as the first time."
76561198055393926,Recommended,274520,33047216,Posted: 30 June,all,Halo | CaptainDonger,"Darkwood, at its core, is a game that's made to be difficult. It's a different style of difficult than some other games, but to be good at this game, it requires timing, accuracy, memorization, and serious caution. Playing, you may die many times. But every time, you grow and learn more, what not to do. There is rarely a time (except early with chompers) that you feel you were cheated when dying. A lot of the experience of the game is raw fear of the unknown. Seeing something move in a distant room through your bird's eye perception, but lacking further knowledge of what it is. It's a fear of the noises you  hear, in the creaking footsteps almost sounding outside your room's door or window. It's in the horrific thought of a person whose body morphed to become a hideous monstrosity. It's a building fear that, as you play, you become a bit hardended to. The lingering fear disappears as you become knowledgable in the environment. You'll still definitely clench for dear life onto your mouse as a chomper flies through your barricaded door, but there becomes a sort of knowing. ""Fear is a leaf off of the stem of ignorance. Once I knew what it was, it was simply a problem. Nothing to fear."" The story is really amazing too, because the game really makes you work to figure out the story. Riddles and slight pieces of information that glue into an almost imperfect web of story that is nightmarish and solemn. And you really can't have better devs. Every bug they're emailed about gets looked into, and hotfixes / updates are large and frequent.TL;DR: The game's atmosphere really feels powerful, the story is amazing, and the devs work so hard for us."
76561198010427071,Recommended,274520,34765644,Posted: 5 September,all,jimiyo,"I neglected going to the Village before Old Woods. Don't do that. It'll frustrate you since you'll be missing a chunk of the storyline. Admittedly, I was not mindful in following the Journal and some dialogue.Otherwise, it was a great game that had me intrigued for many hours.It was difficult enough that I kept playing in short sprints.It truly is creepy... Every night. ;)I wish I had not ruined the storyline by killing NPCs due to frustration of not knowing what to do and having walked the maps many times over for clues.  That is one thing... whereas vastly popular games can be Youtube researched, walk throughs and guides for DW are sparse.I gave up right before Chapter 2 (due to my inability to find the doctor or code to train wreck) and watched the endings on Youtube. I think once you play through much of Chapter 1, you've pretty much experienced the overall feel and mechanics, however, The Endings are worth a play through if you havent ruined the potential to progress by killing off the NPCs."
76561197963876267,Recommended,274520,34542391,Posted: 27 August,all,Robstardum,"Dark wood is one of the more refreshingly different and clever games I have played in ages.It leaves your feeling disturbed with imagery only that of like old-school games like Sanitarium, desperate for resources like Don't Starve, and gives you the gratification of growth like a solid RPG.Generally your run of the mill horror games are pretty unthrilling: only managing to get your heart pumping through a cheap jump scare. Outliers like Amnesia are great at creating a more atmospheric-type fear but do so by capitalize on first-person mechanics to play to the player's limited visibility. Darkwood manages to somehow capture this same element of helplessness from a top-down perspective, which in my opinion, is an incredibly impressive feat given the vast amount more control you have.Through the use of multiple map layouts and randomized events (particularly during the night phases of the game) the game keeps you from being able to enter a rote mindset. Moreover, the dramatic increase in difficulty from section to section force you to improve as a player or to utilize your oh-so-precious rescourses.  Seriously, I yet to reliably kill a chomper in melee with out getting hit, bery nearly getting hit, or letting out unmannly noises.My only gripe with the game is that there is little to no material to reference when learning about the games mechanics, enemies, or the purpose of some of the items you find. I find myself constantly referencing the wiki to figure out what the random doohicky I picked up is supposed to do or what the is purpose of a random location I stumbled upon.I don't write reviews because I always feel like someone can say what I mean to say but better and with fewer words. But with this game feels like it is going to be under a lot of people's radars despite feeling like a cult classic waiting to happen. With just a smidge more awareness it will be a source of good memories (or fearful ones) on everyone's steam list. I did my part."
,Recommended,274520,24282140,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,fUn*z13l5ch31b3,Creepy! ....recommended for ppl with no fear -or a mushroom overdose.
76561198034979373,Recommended,274520,17532785,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Bacon Abomination,"Gibbering Writhing black-mouthed chaos. Wretched foul monstrosities. The guttural wails of the half-dead and the better-off-dead. Savages made from the displacement of humanity. Beastial dogs and creatures that can only be found through the utter putrification of nature. This is what Darkwood offers. It offers something, wholly unique. It offers a world of terror that some people would ignore simply because of it being a 2D topdown survival horror game. However as a person who has been playing it as long as I have (I think the week it came out) I remember all the phases.I remember the wells at night and the mad scrambles you would make to get home. I remember scavenging through the woods and the zones trying to forage the necessary equipment to keep yourself alive. I see now, that the game has only gotten better. I remember being lucky enough to find the mirror and knowing I am nothing worse than the ghosts that surround me.When I heard it received a series of updates, I was so delighted to return to the same grim, familiar surroundings. Wolf, Chicken Lady, the poor violin kid and all the the other horrors lying in wait, with baited breath and hungry teeth, all these things made me want to come back with utter determination.I got his violin, I dragged myself a chair, I brought the Lynx back through the whole forest murdering everything in my path and contemplated murder so many times on Wolf's behalf. I met new people with nothing to say, like The Three, and fought new enemies, like the horrfiying Elk.I traversed the corn maze and I went through, carefully picking and choosing my battles until I made my way back into the same, awful woods I slithered from where I lived in the lap of squallid luxury.This is a game, where nobody is good, they are merely doing things for the sake of themselves. You can feel pity, but there is evil in everything.The cost of fresh pork? Experience a beast you can only slay by talking to a Rocket Man.That violin? You will learn what you must face to redeem the price of a sad child..That prized sow that belongs to the chicken lady? You will see the price of fresh milk in a place where nothing grows.The efforts of the Black Box? A careful eye will reveal its secret.A Red Swing. A Black Box. A White Dress.All the secrets of an apocalyptic bastion of woodland can offer you. The game is unfinished. But it's definitely worth your time. I buy and play a lot of survival games, and with the modern few I love like Frozen State, Sheltered and a few others, I offer this game a very special place in my heart.I can't review it, but if my views on the game here are any insight, buy it. Buy it cheap if you're thrifty, but buy it all the same. To me, this was like... Playing Darkwood is like planning surgery. You prepare yourself in lackluster scrubs, you enter the operating area half dazed by all the blood, and you hope to christ you don't die in the process of accomplishing your task-at-hand. It's the effort made whether you live to the end of the day, or die in a single run.Getting a gun is nice, but it doesn't kill everything in a single blast. Getting fully upgraded melee weapons is an accomplishment in and of itself but using them and surviving is what feels good.Taking on your first fight with a Chomper and winning? That's what makes the game all the worthwhile.Sure there are bugs, but I haven't a doubt in my mind they'll get fixed. Just as more mystery is made, more problems must be solved. And with any amount of effort made, I can only stand by the game being utterly, and totally satisfied for the low, low price of 15 dollars.The many ugly and unwholesome secrets of Darkwood lay ahead, awaiting your arrival. Why don't you sit and stay a spell? Don't forget your nailboard and bandages, because it's going to be a rough ride into madness friend."
76561198087772399,Recommended,274520,18672678,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Whabblet,"After playing through several survival games that plague (I am using the word plague loosely) the steam store. I have finally found this fantastic gem known as Darkwood. This game doesnt overcomplicate itself, its your basic go out during the day, loot, and genicide any wild dogs that get in your way. But when night falls you better be back inside your semi safe home with a fully fueled generator cuz this is when the game gets terrifying.Yes there is more to it than that, this game actually has a story. so far from what I have gathered about the game, to advance certain plot elements you have to gather and show certain NPC's certain key item's. Unfortunately from what I have heard the game's story is incomplete and due tolack of knowledge Im cutting this reveiw short.But what I do know is, If you like darksouls and survival games that arnt based entirely on luck, this game is for you."
76561198052990585,Recommended,274520,34410471,Posted: 22 August,all,ErectableRainbow,"Darkwood is an extremly atmospheric horror-survival game relying pretty heavily on audio cues, I'm writing this after only playing it for like an hour and half so my views may change as time goes on but for now I have to say that this game is incredible at giving you a sense of dread, a palpable feeling of unease. For some reference as to how I was playing, It was one in the morning I had all the lights on and my headphones turned all the way up like any true horror game is supposed to be played; and all the disperate creaks and groans and forboding foot steps in the distance really make you feel like you're in those acursed woods. The few npcs I've seen up to this point haven't had too much of fleshed out background or anything but that fits really in line with the entire game, you're thrust into a creepy hostile world full of things that might want to kill you or at the very least spook the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta you. Overall I really enjoy this game, if you're somebody that likes games like five nights; this game probably isn't for you. Here atmosphere is the name of the game so if you enjoyed silent hill, amnesia or to a certain extent outlast this is the game for you and for $15 I honestly think it's a steal.One last thing though I'd reccomend not watching lets plays of this one if you have any interest in owning it, if it sounds good to you give it a shot; don't ruin the experince by looking up gameplay."
76561198058554133,Recommended,274520,28438709,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,AnotherGuy,"Fantastic game, regardless of the top down view it is surprisingly creepy! love this game and will continue to for years to come. It's biggest downfall is the relitively quick to beat storyline, though it is still in developmeent and is a small indie game, the story is good but quite short to tell the truth. The game's lore makes up for it by being deep and making you think by giving you just enough to give you an idea of the bigger picture."
,Recommended,274520,12494285,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,The White Warrior,"Darkwood brings horror game to a totally different level, or at least one that has not been around in quite some time.Darkwood makes me panic, and stress, all in one sitting. The felling of knowing that something is lurking just outside your door and out of your sight, or something creeping past a boarded up window, and just barely being able to see it, leaves me nervous and covered in goosebumps. I think that Acid Wizard Studios really did something special here by bringing people into the light of top down horror games, through such a dark, and scary environment. The game is just crawling with atmosphere, and other things!I totally suggest this to anyone into horror games! Great game overall! - 9/10"
76561198034464491,Recommended,274520,19749338,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,stevo88494,"Love this game. It's not even an actual game yet and it never gets turned off. If u have'nt played it yet, BUY IT ALREADY!!!!!!"
76561198110373147,Recommended,274520,16340320,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,DustBucket,"Stunning to say the least, how this game captured so much of the feeling from early silent hill games i'll never know. But i will always love acid wizards for it, you have reproduced a feeling that numerous silent hill sequels could not even come close to."
,Recommended,274520,14330307,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,aghko,"7 Hours of gameplay so far. This game has an ambient and charater a la David Lynch (""Mulholland Drive"") and the gameplay could be described as a mix of Hotline Miami and Amnesia.Great stuff!"
,Not Recommended,274520,34415597,Posted: 22 August,all,wgren,"Great atmosphere (think Stalker, Sanitarium, METRO, Silent Hill) but after over 10 hours, I've decided the negative aspects outweigh the positive ones. I'm just not having fun. Movement is too slow, combat is clunky, standing around waiting for the nights to end is boring. The map randomization is not enough to make a replay enjoyable.It's not a bad game by any means, I just think there are better alternatives available both in survival games and horror games."
76561198021831802,Recommended,274520,11484198,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Wizeguy,"Made plank with nails in it. Found bear trap. Set bear trap by door so monsters wouldn't come in. At night, a monster suddenly was in my room without even using the door. Hit it with plank until plank broke. Ran out the door, got caught in bear trap, died.10/10"
76561198146557227,Recommended,274520,24261449,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Stratomsk,Amazing horror game. Updates are slow but worth it.
76561198040226695,Recommended,274520,24066416,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Ragowski,"Great creepy atmosphere, very tense at times. Freaking LOVE the art style. I give it spook/10Considering the stage it's at I'm having a lot of fun and can barely pull myself away from it. I just wish there was more content but it's still early access so whatayagonnado right? Can't wait to see what's coming next"
76561198002798322,Recommended,274520,27929047,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Chippedlip,This is one of the very few games I consider to be a good survival horror game solely based off of 3 factors:-The quiet atmosphere offset by twig snaps and footsteps-Not feeling  too optimistic about taking on every enemy in sight but not completely helpless either-Gathering as many resources as you can while beating the clock both day and night (with a thoughtful pause in the morning)I cannot wait for the full release.
,Recommended,274520,34606291,Posted: 30 August,all,Rassy,"I'm not usually a fan of horror games, but the Devs are amazing and was convinced to give their game a try after their Reddit AMA. Everything about this game is fantastic. The graphics are just right to give you a sense of unease, the writing gives me chills sometimes and the events that unfold for your poor, poor character are amazingly horrible. I can't recommend this game enough. From the Dev support to the actual gameplay, Darkwood is definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,274520,27159145,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,<$>xector64,"""Challenging and Creepy""It's been a bit since I've played due to life, but this Darkwood has been a great experience for me. The crafting/survival genre of game has been running through a lot for awhile and believe me I know that can put a person off from wanting to give a go at another one. This has done it very well though, and with its own twists that make it worthwhile. The aspect of only seeing what is in the light when it is very likely trying to kill you is a challenging touch that I've come to love. My first few run throughs of this game it got me to jump and had me on the edge of my seat most of the time. It gives you chances to feel safe to only take them away with the terrors that come after you in the dark.I give it an 8/10 for what my experience has been so far.To explain my score:On the plus side, there is an interesting art style to the game, and the atmosphere created for it blends well to give it a creepy chill. The creatures are pretty challenging and horrifying creations, even the wild animals can be difficult if you aren't used to the combat system. Which is another thing, the combat system isn't too unfamiliar to those used to top down style games, but it requires a bit more strategy and reflex than some have to offer. Without spoiling too much, the crafting isn't all that unique when you look at it an overall objective way, but there are certain aspects to it that make it different and keeps the interest. I do like the ability to ""upgrade"" your character in the way implemented, so that's a plus in my book.On the down side however, as I just said the crafting is just that, crafting. What I mean by that is that it is not all that different in comparrison to other games with crafting implemented even in the idea of having to first find/build the crafting tables. The weapons aren't all too creative, even if the creatures are. Don't get me wrong I do love the touch of a more realistic feel for it, but a little fantasy wouldn't hurt in the weapon department either. I would say the bugs/unfinished story/glitches were an issue, but it's still in early access and I'd rather a long development that I can see the improvements on over time over a released version that could have been better. Which I bring up because it is my next point, the updates it has been recieving over time (yes I do keep up with at least checking the updates) is great I grow tired of games that just don't ever quite leave ""early access"" or ""beta"". I love the work they do and all, but if you wait to release a game till it's perfect it'll never really get released.What sold me on this game though...Darkwood, for what story I have seen it has been great for a fan of the creepy and horror genre. The personallity put into each character gives it a certain air of mystery to the story that makes me just need to know more. The trial and error I put into getting it ""right"" on a playthrough so I could finally make my way through to both survive as long as I can and progress through the story. The game has so much potential and they've done a great job with it thus far, and I think it will continue to do great regardless of my few gripes. The main gripe I wish they'd do something about is the combinations/treasures, which if you've played you probably know what I'm talking about.At any rate that is with as little spoil as I could manage why my rating is a solid 8/10. If you're a person who likes a challenge, that creepy feeling you get when you know somethings just out of sight, or if you just like a dark atmosphere in your games, I'd recommend you to give this game a go."
,Recommended,274520,29926590,Posted: 14 February,all,ScaryStalkerDude,"Loving this game, this has scratched that survival horror itch I was looking for that other games just didnt seem to do. It's very atmospheric, the audio is terrific, it makes for very tense gameplay without being overbearing. I knew I wanted this for a while and I'm glad I bought it. It's a shame they won't be doing a co-op for it, it doesn't need it but it would have been a nice extra."
,Recommended,274520,35234454,Posted: 26 September,all,BraVeHeart_UH,One of the best videogames I've played in recent years. My respect to the developers.
76561198006301875,Recommended,274520,35401937,Posted: 1 October,all,The Watcher in The Dark,"This game has all kinds of the crap that I hate in games.  Never makes much sense, all the way through the end.  Clicking the wrong thing messes up the game forever, and you never get an idea what the wrong thing will be,  Combat controls are an absolute mess.So, with these problems, why do I rate this as one of the best, maybe THE best, horror games I've ever played?  Simply put, there is an elegance to the horror in this game.  It's not just that it is scary, though it is VERY scary.  But it is lushly scary.  The artwork, the soundscape, the pacing, the setup, it is all so well put together.  It's the game that I think horror gamemakers dream of making, and most of the time never come close.It's a triumph, despite its flaws.I'll never look at locking up my house at night the same way again."
76561198093350917,Recommended,274520,33713378,Posted: 21 July,all,Bloodrunsclear,"The atmosphere is already second to none!It's a cryptic and harsh game but because of this everything feels much more rewarding. In a way pretty difficult to find examples of in the 'survival' genre there are no food requirements. Meat is used as lures to chase away predators. Your focus can stay on looking deeper and deeper into the nightmare forest trying to find new people to talk to, trade with, or kill and new objects to combine or use to bolster your meager defenses. There's a vague map but it's enough to know your general location. Also the lack of voice over just makes the menace of the game more pronounced as you can't tell the emotion of a character talking and not even their state of mind, just their general location.I'm greatly loving this game and I'm glad it's gotten picked out of the doldrums it was languishing in. At full release I hope there's more of a prologue but that's been promised.Great music, great sound effects, meaty and strategic and suspenseful combat, lots of exploration. I've wanted a game like this for years and I hope this turns out to be it!"
,Recommended,274520,11861830,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,•SADBOY•,2spooky4me. I really enjoyed the first chapter and cant wait until they add more.
,Recommended,274520,26944592,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Brotherman Bill,"This game has been developed for the past 2 years and in that time, has become something very interesting."
76561197977490548,Not Recommended,274520,34367193,Posted: 20 August,all,Enter the Wang,"After playing for a few days  I have to sadly give this one the thumbs down.The game is clearly unpolished after spending years in early access/development hell.The concept is great, but the game is failed by horrible quality of life issues, clunky controls and bad mechanics which all contribute to artificial difficulty.For instance the only way to dodge is backwards while most enemies have a charge attack which will just continue to slam into you. Sidestepping would have been a better dodge.Combat often involves madly running around in circles trying to avoid attacks while your enemies are unseen due to being outside of your cone of vision.Other problems include:-Mushrooms spawning directly under your feet even while you are in combat in your own hideout's kitchen.-Tech restrictions being clunky, nonsensical and a burden. You can build a pistol before you can build an axe, despite having an axe-head and wooden shaft from early in the game.-Barricading being poorly explained and implemented. Dogs can chew their way through a barricaded door and two wardrobes while you can do nothing to repair and/or reinforce them. If you go all out with barricading (which seems to be the only sane thing to do) you will also miss out on special events at night which can lead to items.-Monsters making a beeline towards you inside your hideout despite you not making any movement, them not having line of sight and sometimes you being in complete darkness. Why have atmospheric line of sight and stealth mechanics like being quiet and hiding to avoid attention if monsters just ignore these mechanics.-Monsters spawning DIRECTLY ON YOU while you are outside in the day time. I'm not talking a screen away, I'm talking you turn around and turn back and a huge dog is bearing down on you.-Many minor annoyances which all add to player frustration. For instance you have to relight ovens when returning to old hideouts, something you are only warned about immediately before monsters start spawning due to nightfall. RIP if like me you'd already barricaded yourself inside your generator room.I get that this is the developers first real game, but I don't think this is worth US$15.My advice is to get this for half price on a sale and blast through the main story on normal mode to minimise frustration, and only that if top down atmospheric horror games are your cup of tea."
76561198073329949,Recommended,274520,11396899,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,csnephi,"So far this game is deadly and thought provoking, it may only be in alpha state, having just come out on early access, but the game that is there already looks to be in fairly decent working order and very challanging.Good creepy atmosphere, don't go outside at night if you want to live, daylight hours are dangerous enough, also permadeath is an option but not mandatory so it makes it kind of nice if you want to go easier or go hardcore."
,Recommended,274520,34381001,Posted: 20 August,all,ARCHERPrototype,"Darkwood is like if somebody took all the things that made the STALKER series terrifying (uncertainty, no hand-holding, resource management, etc.) and then placed it in a world that's extremely bizzare, like SIlent Hill level of bizzare, and I ♥♥♥♥ing love it.Though I can see why some people might be put off by the top down view or the control scheme, I actually got used to it and found that it contributed a bit to the horror aspect of the game. Sometimes, having a clunky system makes things a little bit harder to react to enemies. Again, I have to compare this game to Silent Hill where the control system is a bit limited to add some difficulty to the game, but not too game-crippling.[I'll add more to this review as time comes but I strongly recommend giving this game a try. At night. With the lights off.]"
,Recommended,274520,13008537,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Dickbutt McGuillacuddy,"Darkwood is a great survival/scavenging game that has unique mechanics, creepy characters, and a mysterious storyline that will leave you wanting to know more.  This is one of the first games i've seen that make it absolutely imperitive to return to home base every night and it adds a sense of urgency and panic when night begins to set.  Nighttime, while easily one of the most difficult parts of the game, loses it's horror scariness but nothing gets you more panicked in this game than when you have no weapons and you hear something beating in your barricades.  to any survival/horror game player, i would recommend this 10 times out of 10 and i eagerly await the updates to come."
76561198018528676,Recommended,274520,14151828,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,David S. Pumpkins,"I have finished the game and found 2 secrets (I think), so it is time for me to write an alpha review of this game.As many people here said this before me: THE ATMOSPHERE IS AWESOME!The style of this game fits it perfectly and some decisions you must make are really great and add a lot to the atmosphere (I would like more of these :)Also I am Slavic by myself Czech to be exact (This game is made by Poland developers, we are neighbours) so the story and settings that this game has is more familiar with me, interesting and creepier and I enjoy it much more than lets say: Amnesia (don´t eat me alive, just my opinion).The notes and old photos, old things that people left there, that you can find are very interesting and they will drive you more into the situation of the game.Locations are also very interesting (and dangerous) and I always felt good (I am the adventurous type, I explored few deserted locations in real life, I enjoy these things a lot) and also weirded/creeped out when I was exploring some new building or landmark.Just look on the web for pictures preferably (it is for your own good), but be careful this game can be easilly spoilered (or can I just say spoiled? Not a native speaker here, sorry!), so don´t look on gameplays much, if you want to buy it.The camera from the birds point of view is also very nicely done, like for example when you are stranded in the forest, you can see the branches of the trees and fallen trees and the effects like: lights and shadows in buildings are very nice. There is also physics, that adds interesting mechanics like: pushing various objects to barricade yourself from an enemy that is chasing you,or pushing against doors when something tries to walk in.Also you can barricade with planks and nails of course, when you have the time.Or if you throw something it will slide on the ground, so you can see the physics in action.You can also run into the doors to break them open, when you are running from an enemy.It has of course a good amount of bugs or glitches, like light problem when some parts of the forest will flicker for a second so you can´t see, and also dissapearing enemies, that occured to me quite often with chompers.To explain you the glitch/bug: Sometimes when it was chasing me it would dissapear and stopped attacking until I bumb into it accidentally or look in other direction for it, then it would quickly appear and almost kill you or start chasing you)Also I would change the fighting system a bit (it is really hard to hit something with the axe and or shovel, because it just takes too long to ''charge'' the attack) and breaking of the melee weapons (they break unnecesearly/unrealistically often) and the crafting system is very small and simple, maybe add more variety and complexity, like new barricading structures and weapons.The developers are quite active and responsive also the updates are every month (more or less).So everything will get better and the game will get bigger after some time.The developers will have to do their best as the game is far from completion.Also this game is rather hard and will not hold your hand.There is a prologue, that will teach you few things, but then you are on your own and you will have to act like you would act in that situation, you must adapt to it.If you are searching for some new horror-survival game and if you are a fan of deep atmosphere and story games, that is not only about the blood/gore and jumpscares GO FOR THIS ONE, you won´t regret it!"
,Recommended,274520,12995928,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Michael T Moreno,"Such a romanticly erotic masterpiece, kidding. This game takes an underrated perspective, and makes it work well again. Most games that have been released with such an art direction as well as perspective have been highly lack luster. this game marries the concept of ambience(via lighting, audio and environment generation) with the idea of having a false sense of awareness in the space that you currently occupy to create a sense of fear that has been hard to find since the original resident evil games. notably, this game is a true Survival Horror game with a psychologically engaging story told in the most spectacular way. The story is told in a very david lynch~ish style, similar to hotline miami.... but lets not make that mistake and get the two mixed up as they are both two extremely different game.to cut everything else I would say short... because there is plenty I can say about this game...Get it... It is definatly worth its price tag in its current state... the story will build an anxiety that will make you beg the developers to some how travel into the future, steal the finished copy... and release it now... which would cause some sort of crazy♥♥♥♥♥paradox. the gameplay is soooo solid in its current state... I wonder what else they will add as I am quite satified with it as is. and last... The sense of fear and just truely feeling lost at times in the forest is truely nerve racking especially as night fall comes.Key Elements:~Intense Combat Mecanics which are also used to interact with the environments in various ways.~Object interaction... Multiple options to interact with objects via ""drop Down menu"" like most D&D games.~Lighting, Creates a horrifying tone espeially when the developers literally take all light away during the night... Insanely scary, dont change that.~Atmosphere, The sound creates a dread that will haunt you and keep you on edge for your entire play through.~sense of exploration, The map system is actually an interesting one as you have no idea where you are until you discover something aside from your hideout... giving you a ""sense of direction, It totally works for this game.Get this game... its worth yur time and money..~Mike.Mp.s.sorry for the late review, I bought the gae over the summer... looooved it... and played it recently and just... WOW!"
76561198069692333,Recommended,274520,12156867,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Baby Ram Braum,"The atmosphere in this game is very well done! Every turn feels like it could make or break my character. The Night Cycles are actually challenging when the monsters start finding ways in, that you can't barricade off! Worth the $15 ( Depending on Sales or not ). This game is VERY well done!"
,Recommended,274520,11994186,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Agent Bishop,This game has endless potential. It is very slow to update but I can only hope that the developers have big plans for this and won't let it fall short. Where the game goes from here is completely up to the developers but for now they certainly have my interest and my full support.
76561197996964195,Recommended,274520,17278679,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Zezima,"Let's just get one thing straight.Darkwood is a brutal game. A REALLY brutal game.If you love challanges, this game is definitely for you.If you're into zombie/scavanger type survival games this is definitely a must have then.Let's start off with with this game isDarkwood is a horror game that only goes well if you plan ahead of time.After the prologue tutorial, you play as a man with very little amounts of resources to start off with. You run around in the day time looking for wood, nails, just about anything you can fit into your invetory screen as almost all of it is important. Eventually, you'll notice that you have to go back to your hide out before night fall to drink from a well and hole up in your home. This is where it get's really interesting, and where most of your strategic planning comes into play.During the night, you'll be forced to drink from a well just outside your house, which enables you to live through the night. If you don't drink from the well in-time though, you'll start losing health untill you do. So don't travel to far out without a watch (Which you must find, or buy. You don't start off with one), or a decent sense of how long it takes to reach night time. After you drink from the well, you're most likely going to run back into your home. You can close the doors, block the hole up in your house with your furniture, and barricade the doors and windows with either panks of wood, or just more furniture. Next, you can lay traps that you may have found on your journey, arm yourself with any weapons you have crafted or found, and after alllll of that, you're going to sit, and wait for morning. And wait... and wait... oh god what are those foot steps I'm hearing? What is that growling sound? Jeezes what's with all the crows? Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥something is inside the houseWith that being said, the game has a stealth mechanic to it. Monsters have to know where you are in order to attack you. Sure they spawn outside the house at night, but they don't know your exact location yet. First off, monsters listen for your foot steps. Step to close to one that's just on the other side of the wall, and he's going to know where you are.    break into your house, and start looking for you. You can hide behind furniture, or lock yourself in another room though, maybe set up a trap at the door way.Oh, I forgot to mention, during the night, assuming you've already found out how mushrooms and leveling up work, you're going to occasionally be attacked by shadows. It won't happen every night, just every now and then. Every hide out has a generator that produces electricity for your lamps. You need gasoline (fuel) to make it work though, so don't forget to turn those things on before you go into hiding. Any source of will keep the shadows from hurting you during the night, be it flares, flashlight (Though that requires some aiming) or just lighting a fire with some gasoline.After every night, during the morning of the next day, you're going to be visited by ""The three."" These guys are going to end up being your main source of resources later on down the road.  And time for the game will freeze for the morning, meaning you have time to replace those busted barricades, and rearange your furniture for the next night.Now you can travel outside during the night. In which case you'll find more mushrooms growing about then usual (These also grow in your house) , as well as a plethora of deadly enemies. (This is not recommended at all. At any point in the game. Seriously, don't leave your hide out.)Your day time scavenging is done once again, maybe you finished a quest line, and now you're prepared to wait out the next night... Oh joy, the fog is here and the shadows are approaching! ... wait, where are the shadows? And why is the house making all kinds of shaking noises? Why is all the furniture moving?! I need those!! HOLY SH-This game will scare you, endlessly. It will kill you, repeatedly untill you figure out how to really survive. You will be paranoid about every place you go and every night you have to live through.Oh, did I mention this game features a perma death mode? If you thought this game was scarey before, try playing it without dieing once. That makes it more heart pounding then ever, as one mistake could be your last, and you'll lose every bit of progress you had made. You don't have to play perma-death, you can leave it off. When you die, you'll be able to loot your corpse, and just continue on with the days. This isn't always helpful though, if you die far off from your hide out around a heavily guarded area, you're going to have a really hard time getting your stuff back and might just have to go on without it for a while.This game is one of the most interesting survival horror games out there, and I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a good scare and action/creepy/strategically decided adventure."
,Recommended,274520,34670109,Posted: 1 September,all,pirhotoe,"Best support of any game I have ever played. I encountered a game breaking bug after an auto update. I contacted the devs and they personally fixed my save file.It is an excellent game, and shining example of indie development. Atmospheric, creepy, and intriguing. Reminds me a lot of the old Res Evil or Silent Hill, without the jump scares. I can't wait to see what they do next."
76561198086139477,Recommended,274520,34714788,Posted: 3 September,all,Andrew SKM,Brilliant game. Even pushed me to leave my first review.
76561198016701379,Recommended,274520,34847503,Posted: 9 September,all,Fatal,"Great atmosphere, great support from developers - if you're looking for good horror story with quite unique setting, this is it."
76561198135289743,Recommended,274520,34340985,Posted: 18 August,all,TisLeros,"great atmosphere,good gameplay,nice graphics,a very solid 14 euro game"
,Recommended,274520,34597325,Posted: 29 August,all,systempunK,An original take on genres we're familiar with. I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes survival horror games.
,Recommended,274520,27209670,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,VoJJoV,Scary and awesome at the same time
,Recommended,274520,33963894,Posted: 1 August,all,maddabbo,I just started playing beta 3.  This the first I've played it.It's AWESOME!  I love it.  I love the sound.  I love the look.  I love the creepy.I do feel that it seems a bit easy at this point.  I don't feel I lose much when I die so far and have to go grab some stuff I lost.I expected more of a permadeath thing but I can see why that would be too hard.  I don't fully get the skills yet.  But I really like the game and want to keep exploring.  Great game can't wait for final.
,Recommended,274520,34434581,Posted: 23 August,all,Teddy Flood,"Only played for a few hours, but so far an eerily enveloping game. The whole environment seems to be building tension, and really gets to you at night, when you are listening to every sound.My only criticism is that I have been getting a tad bored at night with only limited options of things to do, but that may change with more hours in the game.The soundtrack is really great by the way and would appreciate an official releasement."
76561198165731984,Recommended,274520,30062688,Posted: 20 February,all,<3I like turtles>.<,One of the best games ive played by far if you want a great survival horror game then look no further this is the game for you.
76561197970507818,Recommended,274520,34429419,Posted: 22 August,all,Xizzix,One of the best atmospheric old school survival horror games I have played in a very long time.
,Recommended,274520,34490124,Posted: 25 August,all,Xelias,"This is a really nice blend of survival and story mixed together.Also, I tried the torrented version of the game first before buying it a long time ago, I'd like to thanks the dev for embrassing the idea of the pirate market rather than being anti-consumer."
,Recommended,274520,34598899,Posted: 29 August,all,ghostroid,"Currently have just gotten to the second area in the game, so I'm nowhere near finished yet. But I have to say that I love this game in so many ways. The top down view actually works great in this game and is refreshing take on the survival horror genre. The general atmostphere and sounds in this game fill you with dread and terror. The art design and the music in this game are perfect, and I also love the amount of exploration, crafting, and general survival stuff you have to do in order to survive in the game. The story is also very intriguing even though (at least to the point I'm at now) you really don't know much of what's going on. I really enjoy the supernatural elements. In short, this game is most definitely worth the 15 dollars and is even more worth to support the devs since they were so kind to put up the game for free via torrent. I feel like I will spend many more hours before completing this game and I can't wait to see what else is in store."
76561198052600406,Recommended,274520,34698611,Posted: 2 September,all,Burt Maclin FBI,"unbelievable! One of the best games I have played in years, instant classic!"
76561197971910103,Recommended,274520,34495100,Posted: 25 August,all,looplick,"Great game.  Very polished.  You can tell a lot of love and effort went into it.   Highly recommended if you like creepy scary games!  It has exploration, crafting, challenging  combat, and a fantastic aesthetic.  It is worth the asking price.  Support the developers as they are a talented bunch who deserve to continue making games."
76561198105160410,Recommended,274520,35428017,Posted: 2 October,all,adnanearth,"It's been a while since i felt so afraid of playing a game at night, probably since resident evil 3  and silent hill 3. If you want a horror game, look no further..."
76561198427437123,Recommended,274520,35358102,Posted: 30 September,all,Crimson_StaRR,"It's definitely a great game overall.  The music and sound effects are perfect with the scenery.  I'd recommend it to anyone, especially those who enjoy 'actual' Survival Horror with a little different look to it."
76561198002605244,Recommended,274520,34489616,Posted: 25 August,all,JPL1138,Incredibly atmospheric and terrifying without resorting to cheap jump scares.
76561198031489939,Recommended,274520,34892533,Posted: 11 September,all,hellfire37,"very good game, just make sure you know what you are getting.Some might think this is a survival game kinda like Dont Starve or FTL were its designed to be played over and over and over. Well it kinda is, it has random generation when starting a new game but its more focused on story and environment.I havent even finished my first play through, (17hr so far) its a bit long. Especially since this game was originally designed to have one life which i cant even imagine since I have died quite a few times.If you understand you are buying a single player, top down, horror game with survival elements you will like it. It is very well made and definitely has some good scares"
,Recommended,274520,13543260,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Sildaekar,"So, when I bought this I was kind of in a bind, you see I love survival games, but I have always hated top-down games.  I took a leap of faith and purchased this and I have to say I think I've found the first top-down game that I love.  This game is amazing!  It's difficult enough to make you think about whether you want to barricade that window or make a weapon, but it's easy enough that you don't get discouraged.So far I have found very few bugs, and all of the game mechanics seem to work flawlessly.  The best part about this game?  It's still in early release so there are many more features to come!"
76561198052849808,Recommended,274520,13604650,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,SLUGHEAD,"This is how your night goes: Huddled by a light source, hearing dogs wimpering and humanoid grunts outside in the dark and pray to god nothing sees you through a window. ♥♥♥♥ing love this game! I don't want to stop playing once I start! The game seems practically done so I'm wondering what new things they might add."
,Recommended,274520,15116124,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,OMG it's Rena Flavie Gayheart,"Those impatient people writing bad reviews ""game is cashgrab and devs dont work on it. 2 years and no chapter 2, no progress is being made"" are dumb. DONT LISTEN TO THEM!here is brief history of the Alpha changes to this date:first wave- map is only one region, chompers everywhere, maddening death systemsecond wave- crafting system was fleshed out, night gameplay was reworked (several times), map grew in size and regions were added. morning event was added. another reworks to nightthird wave-whole chapter 1 was reworked, all characters were re-written. ton of new (and some of them extremely huge and intricate) locations were added.upcoming fourth wave-rest of the game is being added which is reason for the long hiatus. game is basicaly doubling its amount of content in the next update.and now lets remember those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who are writing bad reviews and saying that devs do nothing. those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who bought game and ignored this bolded part of the EA description:""It is strongly recommended you ONLY buy the game if you want to influence the development. Otherwise, please wait for the final release. ""lets have minute of silence and pity the mothers of these fools.Darkwood is unique horror game and you will be surprised how scary top down game can be."
76561198060380103,Recommended,274520,19626250,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,The Majestic Narwal,"I have owned this game sinve very early alpha and I love it.  It is always a good game to just hunker down play for an hour or two, save then just pick it up later.  So far the updates have massively improved the game.  Some of the updates made it drasticly more ballanced, some added fun little mechanics and some removed annoying beyond belief ones (the well).  I recently came back to it and I am not at all disapointed the new crafting system is much cleaner and well created.  The bench was an extremely nice touch.  Overall I would say this game has a nice plot, weird controls that take a while to get used to, but beautiful atmosphere and the characters are absolutely wonderful.  This game is worth the money."
76561198155556134,Recommended,274520,24969956,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Tiny Rick,"Amazing game. Demonstrates well that a game doesn't have to be in 3D to be terrifyingly good.Great story, Amazing ambience, Awesome game mechanics and graphics. Artfully and effectively instills a sense of panic, urgency, and fear that every good horror game should have. Would rate this 12/10 if I could."
76561198015015699,Recommended,274520,34330080,Posted: 18 August,all,CRISIS [PL],"Najlepsza Gra Indie w jaką grałem.Klimat 10/10Muzyka 10/10Gameplay 10/10Jedyne do czego moge się przyczepić to niejasne dla mnie zakończenie, chociaż kto wie, może po kolejnym przejściu tej perełki znajde odpowiedzi na męczące mnie pytania.Polecam i szanuje."
,Recommended,274520,34419407,Posted: 22 August,all,INVNTIV,"I just started the game, and I had to stop to come say how friggin' awesome the audio design is. It is so empty and gloomy, it is just terrifying. Really instills a sense of loneliness and despair. I can tell this is going to be a great game."
,Recommended,274520,12394620,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Actually Graham Norton,(Silent Hill + Stalker) x Hotline Miami = Darkwood
,Recommended,274520,34339039,Posted: 18 August,all,Grzegorz Brzęczyszczykiewicz,Poland simulator 2017
76561197992205413,Recommended,274520,25871504,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,meat,I changed my rating bad→goodbecause I could play chapter 2.great game!
76561197965828880,Recommended,274520,29495456,Posted: 25 January,all,soulpatch77,"late night, bourbon poured, lights off.  a great game."
76561198045152772,Recommended,274520,31818906,Posted: 18 May,all,tankuca,"Amazing game for its price, developers are amazing dudes you can talk to and casual report bugs to, they also activley update the game and have not abondend this game cause they got peoples money like a lot of Alpha games out there on steam. Over all a very excellent game that is filled with surprises and secrets to uncover. Highly recomend it boi!!!!"
,Recommended,274520,11449964,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,LouahZA,"First time I Put my foot outside, I stepped on a bear trap and then proceeded to getting eaten by a massive 2 legged monster9/10"
,Recommended,274520,12204603,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Dimuyen,"This game has great atmosphere and an interesting setting and story that you discover as you explore. If you like survival exploration games with a touch of the weird, then this is definitely worth checking out.An important caveat: although there are are currently some random elements in the game, this is primarily limited to the location of the major....err....locations of the game. That is to say sometimes a particular house will be north of your starting area, and sometimes it'll be south, or east. But the locations themselves are always the same once you get to them.Although there's a way to save your progress, new game versions tend to wipe your saves so you end up having to start over. Enough restarts and you'll may get tired of going over the same section of the game over and over."
,Recommended,274520,11619908,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,An Actual Bear,"This is gonna be a long one so I'm gonna summarize here. If you're looking for a perfect blend of sandbox and horror then this game will definitely tickle your fancy. I highly recommend it even if it is early access. Normally I hate early access. People throwing out unfinished games to the masses. This is the one exception. Don't hesitate in getting this now if you're interested. It's damn good and feels like a finished game.Day oneFirst day of the game I was terrified. I had no idea when night was coming. My inventory was full and I quickly realized my map doesn't show my exact position. I had to figure it out on my own using landmarks I've located. This was my first major mistake. I was lost. I could see the sun was beginning to set and I was still lost deep within the woods. I was so cocky. When I first booted the game I turned on permadeath thinking I could ace this game like any other horror or sandbox game I've played. None of them set the atmosphere quite like Darkwood did. Nothing frightened me more than seeing the sun come down. I began panicking, sprinting my way through the forest hoping for any sort of shelter. Of course I didn't find any. I did find the road however and with it, eventually my home. It was pitch dark outside and I made the huge mistake of leaving the generator on. I was so stupid. I assumed the gas I put in it would last longer or it'd just stop using fuel during the day. The typical gaming conventions I was used to wasn't present in this game. Not even the sight of my own home made me feel any relief. I'd made another horrible mistake. I hadn't had time to barricade the windows during the day. I shut myself in one of the rooms and pushed all manner of furniture in front of the doors and windows, hoping it'd keep whatever was out there away. I had no idea what I was up against. But I could hear them. I had run out of furniture to push against any openings. There was one window I had to keep open and for the rest of the night I stared at it from across the room. I spent the whole night, weapon raised, staring out that window terrified for my life.ReviewI've watched this game in development for a while and I was pleasantly surprised to see a developer actually deliver an amazing game for early access. I had my doubts. I really wanted to get this game when it was finished so I could get the whole experience but I couldn't resist any longer. Boy was I impressed though. It felt like a complete game. Of course I bought it shortly after most of the bugs had been squashed so I didn't really get to see how buggy it may have been early on. They've already thrown out so many bug fixes in the short amount of time it's been released that I definitely have high hopes for its development.A lot of ""survival horror"" game developers just don't get what makes a horror game truly terrifying. I've seen countless of these horror games that rely solely on jump scares or just putting the character in a dark room with a flashlight. And what few games have that right kind of atmosphere have ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game-play. Darkwood does this flawlessly. Not only is it in a terrifying setting, but it's also fun to play. The most important thing to any horror media (be it a movie, book or game) is setting the tone. You need the player to feel immersed in this atmosphere or they won't give a damn about the character's well-being. I was genuinely scared I wouldn't be able to make it home the first night. I had absolutely no idea what I was up against and I didn't want to know. All I knew is that it wanted me dead. I wasn't even sure if the dressers I pressed against the doors and windows would even protect me from them. Its that mystery that makes the game so effective at being scary. Not once did I feel like I was truly safe. Even as the sun came up.All in all this was definitely one of the scariest experiences I've had with a game. I highly recommend it to anyone with a taste for horror. Darkwood will forever be my measuring stick for judging what a true survival horror game should be."
76561198028227633,Recommended,274520,11398215,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,(TMNT)Priestskorge,So far it been pretty cool but man this game is tough u die alot combat is very hard is this game. Hardcore survivor fans i think will love this game is really hard to give it a score without playing the full game or at least a good portion but if i had to go on wuts out so far i would say it will be a buy for alot of people in the future.
,Recommended,274520,11510835,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,deezydaisy,"One of the most complete Alphas out there. Hours of content already available, and almost unlimited replayability (Locations change and buildings change orientation for a different map each game). A game that actually shows promise from Day 1. Not only are the devs active in the community, they respond to feedback well, and make changes that the community wants. So far 9/10, the UI is a little cluncky and needs improvement, but apart from that, great job Acid Wizard!"
76561198157329578,Recommended,274520,13964090,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,SquirrelMan7,"My first serious review.I did not think i would like this game. I wanted a horrer game but did not know what. So i searched and came across this. I hovered my mouse over it and the description seemed pretty cool. Went to the store page and saw it was 2d and top down view. I was looking for something first person. Since it was 2d and the view was top down i immediately thought to myself im not going to like this game. I was really wanting a new horrer game though so i gave it some thought. I read some of the reviews and they were overwelmingly positive. So i said to myself well its just 15 dollers so why not. Honestly this game is amazing. Do not do what i did. Dont second guess yourself. I do not regret buying this at all. If you are going to take advice then take this. Never judge a book by its cover. This game is really fun, scary, and very creative."
,Recommended,274520,11396969,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,NexxBox_One,"starts game: Hears creepy noises in the woods, get's killed by some axe wielding douchbag (And still the time i spent there was GREAT) like ♥♥♥♥. Acid wizard needs to get some serious love for their sound design and music. Anyways it's hard as hell, has permadeath (if you want it) and has some of the creepiest atmosphere i'v ever seen in any game (The woods man, JUST NO) Anyways. Great alpha from what i've played ~3 hour playtime-.  Although if there's anything i find a bit annoying it's how dark it is, making it slightly brighter during daytime might be a good idea."
,Recommended,274520,11450541,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Rustle-Hustle,"Take your time now.There's many secrets between those trees.But, unfortinatly, they're lying in the deepest and darkest paths of this woods.And if someone just attempt to dare walk these paths, try to reveal one of them... secrets...... this forest will force his invaders to face the costs and the cosiquences.... You are just staring at this murky water looking for the bottom?..He-he... believe you me...You are the one who just looking? You are the one who slightly touching?Or You are the one who hitting this bottom hard?..Either way... the last two types won't be able to pulling it off without getting wet, and leave everything behind with completly dry shoes...So. What one of those types are You?See the point?..You won't be able to see the bottom.Able only to interact with it in the physicall and psychical contact that is...P.S.Good luck. Only if you dare to walk this road home, ofcourse..."
76561198364335127,Recommended,274520,34596514,Posted: 29 August,all,Kaizer,"Amazing. Just amazing, Having felt so scared for a horror game in a long time, very well done guys, this game is awesome!! Looking forward to any update/DLC :)"
,Recommended,274520,34539639,Posted: 27 August,all,Denyal,"Amazing game, haven't been this scared in a while and that's a good thing. Finally a survival horror game that doesn't depend on cheap jumpscares and unavoidable scare events. In my opinion the key here is the audio, Music and sound are perfect in this game to create an atmosphere of tension, you will learn that nights are not to be mess with. If I had to say what the biggest con of this game is it would be probably the controls, kinda clunky sometimes but easy to learn by the time you finish the prologue (if you decide to play it)"
76561198176494822,Recommended,274520,34499480,Posted: 26 August,all,Shankwell,"If this game were made in the 90's, it would be the standard for all survival horror to come, like the original Fallout 1-2 and Wasteland games did for the post-apocalypic genre.  Maybe if it were the first survival horror game, the genre would be more well manicured and intelligent.  Even with all the games that have come before it, Darkwood has an exquisite sense of menace with music, tone, atmosphere and especially the relatively primitive 8-bit combat mechanics.  (You get your timing wrong and you die fast.)  Especially with your first play-through (you can easily do several), the game will have you walking backwards, nail board ready to swing at unseen noises in the forest.  Nights are deeply terrifying with a variety of threats, both imagined and real, and you can opt to patrol your base with a risk/reward of extra goodies at the expense of possibly dying with no recourse.I think my favorite aspect of the game is that despite it's 90's feel, it has a deeply sophisticated morality, both in mechanics and at a player level. On my first playthrough, I actually started to feel remorseful for what I did without even knowing I did anything bad in the first place, but I had to continue shaming myself just to stay alive.  You're allowed to make all your own choices in the game.  You have the option to kill everything in sight without any karma or alignment scale telling you if what you're doing is right or wrong on a HUD level.  There is no menu to look at that's frowning on you for helping or hindering anything.  The HUD is incredibly basic, which adds deeply to the menacing nature of the game.  Have I become a monster?  Am I still a good person?  It's impossible to tell until you've played the game for some time.I cant recommend this sophisticated, yet plain on the outside game enough.  I can't wait to see what Acid Wizard does next."
,Recommended,274520,34537149,Posted: 27 August,all,Waffles [Turbinado],"Excellent combination of survival and horror gameplay. Controls are a bit difficult to get used to at first. Nightime is always a puckering experience. Art of the NPCs is on point--although game art could perhaps use a little more polish. I would highly reccomend this game to anyone that enjoys survival, crafting, and being scared s##tless at night."
,Recommended,274520,32045177,Posted: 29 May,all,retrorhett88,fun game and i cant wait for it to be finished. i play a lot of dont starve so i was enjoying this a lot but it was a little buggy so i am gonna wait to play anymore till its finished. the night r so damn creepy i love it. for the most part i had no issues i just hid in a corner and had windows borded up until one night i hid is a different spot and my door was always just shut but not boarded up. well something must of saw me through a crack in the wall where i could see light shine through and then♥♥♥♥♥♥hit the fan. i was swarmed but sum how i fought them off.
,Recommended,274520,34544101,Posted: 27 August,all,CPA | Dance Commander,One of the rare Early Access titles that managed to release and live up to it's promise.
,Recommended,274520,34626748,Posted: 30 August,all,Asteresck,"I bought this game a long time ago, and haven't played all of it, but I feel obligated to really write a review.Darkwood is one of a kind. Top-down Horror RPG. That's something. It's incredibly unique. Everything in it is something unlike anything I've ever seen before, from the vision cone, to how light is handled, and more. It's fun, too, though extremely difficult.The devs though, are probably one of the best parts of this game. They're not in it for the money. They caught people reselling Darkwood game keys at higher prices, and responded by uploading a torrent for people to play the game who don't have the money to buy it. They're good people."
,Recommended,274520,35223357,Posted: 26 September,all,Freakin' sweet!,"insanely good, almost as good as the first silent hill IMO. shame we'll never get a game like this again"
,Recommended,274520,35323783,Posted: 29 September,all,PizzaSHARK!,"The first survival horror game in a long, long time that maintains that feeling of tension even for a little while after you understand the game and how to play it.  No game can maintain tension forever after that point, but Darkwood makes it last longer than most.You wouldn't think that a top-down perspective would lend itself to horror well, but the developers clearly know what makes and breaks a survival horror game.  The combination of limited perspective, sound design, and ponderous (but never imprecise) movement and controls creates a perfect feeling of tension.  While never scary, Darkwood is often tense.While I'd say the game feels best in its permadeath form, it comes with two other modes that are somewhat forgiving (you have a limited number of lives, and you can get more by consuming a very rare item) or very forgiving (you have an unlimited number of lives.)  As far as I'm aware, none of the different modes adjust how difficult or not the actual gameplay is, only how forgiving (or not) the game is about player death.The game is separated into two chapters and tells the tale of a sort of plague in a Soviet-era Poland, or at least seems to.  While it's not on the level of something like Dark Souls or Hollow Knight, the narrative is a bit vague and the player is never quite sure if what they're seeing is real or not.Gameplay largely consists of exploring during the day, gathering supplies and fighting monsters while pursuing your ovearching goals, then seeking shelter in Hideouts to survive against the monsters until dawn.  While you're constantly going to be scavenging to improve your available weapons and even produce some simple armor, as well as repair those weapons, food and drink are never a concern for you, which is a pleasant break from one of the typically more annoying and less interesting aspects of most survival games.For anyone even vaguely interested in the survival horror genre, Darkwood is a must-have.  For everyone else, it's still absolutely worth a look, especially at its price point."
76561198056860555,Recommended,274520,35356024,Posted: 30 September,all,Grimawe,I enjoyed this game very much. I recommend this game to all people who like a challange.The story is interesting worth checking out.
76561198028513039,Recommended,274520,35428932,Posted: 2 October,all,HossDelgado93,I now have night terrors 10/10 -Frighten man.
76561198023580528,Recommended,274520,12279835,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,A_Fenwick,Amazing game. The atmosphere fits perfectly and the game is challenging. Really looking forward to what the devs have planned next.
76561198069108340,Recommended,274520,23308515,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,dotblackheart,got my♥♥♥♥♥kicked by a dog and my home was attacked by the nothingness
76561197997151877,Recommended,274520,34489302,Posted: 25 August,all,SpaceCadet,"Buy this game.Just do it. If you're a fan of horror, survival games, just have some money laying around, etc.It's a great game.The balance is top-notch, the diffculty tuning is excellent, the sound design is on point, and the guys who made it seem like really decent dudes.I think the strongest point I can make besides the above, which are probably covered in every other review, is that the world of the game is incredibly well felt out and envisioned. It feels very well designed and cohesive, and although you can see the influence from other horror works (especially Lovecraft), the world feels very different and new.Also, the devs put out their own torrent  in case you don't have the cash or want to try it out. That's just a really cool thing to do.Seriously, this game is worth every penny of the full price."
,Recommended,274520,34506071,Posted: 26 August,all,Edelwood,These devs deserve every penny. The game is outstanding.
76561197972238382,Recommended,274520,34511093,Posted: 26 August,all,Dakimaz,"♥♥♥♥ this game. I've played Soma, Amnesia, Outlast and the dead space trilogy. But this. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥Standing in a poorly lit room with nothing but a plank with nails in to defend yourself, as you can hear monsters creep around out side, is too nerve wrecking!What was that sound? Did they break through? Was my bear trap set off? What is that ominous red light in the distance?WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ JUST CAME OUT OF THE FLOOR?!?!And what is that pulsating thing it left behind!?JESUS CHRIST THE DOOR JUST OPENED!WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THAT?!?!?!?!IT'S KILLING MEEE!At this point I panicked into my own bear trap and died.10/10 would panick into a bear trap again.Just kidding, I would not ♥♥♥♥ing experience that again. Now I'll go change to clean underwear."
,Recommended,274520,34761473,Posted: 5 September,all,SergeitZ,"Amazing atmosphere, amazing design and one HELL of a scary game, absolutely recommed! can't recommend it enough if youre into horror survival games."
76561198079887614,Recommended,274520,34825414,Posted: 8 September,all,Spastic Fruit Fly,This game will purge any desires you had to go explore those woods behind your house...
,Recommended,274520,35285982,Posted: 29 September,all,Jennova,"I got Darkwood on early access. Glad to see the game finally released. Game is still challenging. Having fun discovering all the new additions and the story line as I play. Would recommend to anyone who likes stealth, dark atmosphere, horror, crating, reasource management, puzzles."
,Recommended,274520,35156572,Posted: 23 September,all,TemplarTaco,I am just an ordinary dead man with a smile on my face...
76561198027327463,Recommended,274520,35270638,Posted: 28 September,all,DeltaForceExtra,80% of the time spent searching for my hideouts.20% actual gameplay.10/10.This is a very fun horror game with a twisted storyline and creepy ambience.
,Recommended,274520,34521388,Posted: 26 August,all,Safety Squint,A highly atmospheric and heart-throttlingly scary game. Warning: game not suited to the weak-willed.
76561198050671096,Recommended,274520,34983372,Posted: 15 September,all,S1lv3rF0x,I remember buying this game 7/31/2014 before you guys added controller support and I do recomend this game cause it is fun and creepy as all hell at the same time
,Recommended,274520,35513947,Posted: 6 October,all,Painkiller,"This one has very good game mechanics, intense atmosphere mixed with survival / crafting and an old skool vibe.The game is quite challenging/creepy and u have to figure things out as you go, If u are in to this kind of gameplay, u are going to have a very good timeI'ts definitely a hidden gem amongst the enormous junk pile of games that is in steam lately!"
76561197984547081,Recommended,274520,14919950,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,TeutonicJoe,"The game currently is excellent in what it tries to do. In regards to other games within its category, there is still a lot to be desired. There really isn't this sense of an active world, but, rather, set pieces that are very nicely done. Characters are interesting and I enjoy the look of em, but they never really do anything within the world. Combat feels nice. Atmosphere is excellent. I do have issues with the mandatory well mechanic in which you must drink from your specific well to not die. This prevents really any long term exploration or, what i would call, travelling and living as a nomad. It also seems rather arbitrary as no one else appears to have to undergo this same process despite also having wells <all broken>. There is also the issue of having nothing to do when waiting throughout the night. My experiences have either been immense boredom <which happens when the night noises become routine> or small moments of stress at later nights. But, for the nights, there is never this sense of productivity, just waiting.As it stands, for what it wants to be, it is excellent. Would I play it over games like Pathologic? No."
,Recommended,274520,34486747,Posted: 25 August,all,Sneaky Dim,"Классная игрушка. Давно так не затягивали игры сюжетные, как эта.Берём Postal (первый, ясен хуй), добавляем Resident Evil (опять же первый). Чуток Evil Dead.Вид сверху довольно хорош, некоторые эффеты смотрятся очень нехуYOво в 2d. Внимание к деталям и сюжет - моё почтение.Всю ночь выжидать в углу  первый раз с шотганом, думая, чо за тулово щас принесет в хижину - аж муражки по мозоли пяточной.В общем - вери найс. Буду проходить её ещё раз, чуть иначе. Уже ""ветераном"", так сказать."
76561197978130467,Recommended,274520,11396294,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,GypsyGoos3,"Very excited about this game, great atmosphere and sounds - so creepy! This is early access, can't wait for final release. Keep up the good work dev team! :-)"
,Recommended,274520,34583763,Posted: 29 August,all,Martin,Bought this simply to support the developers. Will update this review after playing it more.
76561198049213422,Recommended,274520,11394102,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,valastier,"VERY good game, cant wait to see more!"
76561198031601948,Recommended,274520,11395398,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,mrpointlessone,Early Access Review. Only about an hour of game time on Darkwood and its so dark i could not find my way around. 11/10 But they really need a better flashlight. I really like the silent hill type theme going on in it and i talking about back when silent hill was good.
,Recommended,274520,34444010,Posted: 23 August,all,Poison,"So... what can I say?Before starting I should probably mention that I'm not the horror game kind of type. At all. I'm a little crybaby when it comes to that. Not playing the game itself, but coming even close to trying it out.This doesn't apply at all to open world survival games. I love those, and that's exactly why I thought I give this little game a try. Because it was standing out with its unique type of genre: Openworld, topdown, pixelated and obviously horror.What makes the game so special?To me this game is something unique, as already mentioned above these kind of genres normally don't mix well, but the developers of this game somehow managed to create a wonderful game, with a indescribable scary atmosphere. Not by using cheap jumpscares or realistic graphics (I'm looking at you outlast), but rather by using limited vision, horrific sounds and scary♥♥♥♥♥landscapes, with scary♥♥♥♥♥lightning effects.Coming to my next point: Exploration. This game is all about it, and sometimes you ask yourself wether you want to jump down that dark well, or if you want to go home and call it a day and maybe get enough courage to jump down the next day, which might reward you very well, but on the other hand can get you killed. Your choice.Now when it comes to nighttime, you better get yourself back home and barricade yourself in your hideout, but don't think you just go to sleep and let the nighttime pass, no. I remember my first few nights hiding in a corner and scaring myself to death whenever I heard steps outside, or even someone knocking on my door. Something happens EVERY night. And you should better prepared, because sooner or later something will get in and find you.Let's talk about the story for a second. I won't spoil you too much, but from what I've seen so far you can choose your own story and your choices matter and change the world around you. Something which I personally really like, because it's not linear (perfect for second or third walkthrough) and you have your own choices and ways to go.Limited ressources. This aspect might repel some people, but it is meant to force you to advance to new areas, and you get enough loot by exploring. The game is kind of random generated, meaning you' will find random crates and bodies placed on the map but pre-placed buildings and story-important stuff.There is also a skill- and craftingsystem to help you further decide your own things, like what am I to craft and what skills should I take over the others.Only thing which is kind of a drawback is that you can't go outside at night. You will die. No stealth, no harder enemies, no badass fighting, you will just die. Period.TLDR.: Atmospheric topdown horrorgame with a open storyline where your choice matters, skillsystem, and a crafting system. Only minor drawback is that you can't go out at nighttime, but I wouldn't try that anyways, at least not yet (At the time of this review I have only got 13 hours playtime)"
,Recommended,274520,11407635,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Unamused Cat,"EARLY REVIEW (Subject to change)Update: 4/10/2015 build 4.1 AlphaThe game is coming along nicely. With each build come new improvements to everything across the board. By now it can be hard to tell that this is not a finished product! Please help fund it. Buy it now while it's ""finished"" but under construction and help a cult classic come into being.---I waited since this was announced on Greenlight, and boy was it ever worth the wait.First off, the ATMOSPHERE. It is amazing. I didn't think a top-down experience could really capture it so well, but it does because you can see the environment around you, sometimes eerily twitching or waving if you aren't looking at it directly. You can hear the wind, an occasional shriek, eerie ambience and the occasional crunch of a branch that might make you jump. Be careful, the noises you make can attract horrifying things, and the oppressive environment makes that delightfully clear the moment you see it. Who knows what might be hiding behind those wavy branches in the background?Next comes the exploration. Getting lost is VERY easy to do, so once again the location and feeling of real fear is stressed by this risk. You must make it back by dark or you will die, so be sure to know your pathway back, and hope to high hell there aren't any -things- to block your path on the way back. Look for materials for crafting, barricading, repairing or boiling mushrooms into a drug of sorts that gives you skills (A sort of leveling system). Craft a weapon immediately when you find what you need. But even with that, you're bound to want to run and hide from most threats.The characters that I have seen so far have also been extremely interesting. Well designed, excellent art illustrates them and unsettling dialog helps highlight what remains of the populace in this story.HOWEVER, there -are- bugs, as to be expected from an alpha, and the best way to play is just to expect the unexpected and report something if it blocks your progress, quit and reload. The dev team is very on top of everything and listens well to the playerbase. With the arrival of Alpha 2.0, it's clear they love their game and are serious about making things better for the players.Ending thoughts - Worth a buy if you like to support indie development and love a good, unique horror game, because there really isn't anything else like it out there, and you'd be supporting something great.NOT worth a buy when not on sale if you can't tolerate bugs and would rather have a finished product, but this one's going to be a hit. Grab it if it happens to be cheap at the time.This is something worth supporting. There aren't many indie teams out there with such passion for their product, and I believe it's already showing with each small patch.So far: 8/10, and only because of bugs and missing features."
,Recommended,274520,34543333,Posted: 27 August,all,Seanosilas,"I have never been so scared in my life.I can't even play more than twenty minutes at a time.The game features a randomized world in terms of resources and locations that aren't important to the story, for example; a shack that's near your hideout containing some fuel and mushrooms will not be there the next playthrough.That way each playthrough feels fresh in a way, but don't go into the game expecting a ""sand-box"".There are no jumpscares what so ever, the most scared I've ever been in this game, was on my second night, I was in the complete darkness, hiding in the corner of my room, with the door closed and a wardrobe against it, I could hear footsteps outside, then gradually the footsteps declined. I thought I was safe, then I heard a knocking at the door, one knock, two knock, three knock, then nothing.In the morning when light peered into the house, the wardrobe was no longer against the door and the door was half open, it took me a moment to realise that whatever had made the knocking noise, had gotten into the room but hadn't seen me.Survival aspects are decent, management of resources are constantly on your mind, there is no replenishing loot in the world, once you open up that crate and take the gasoline, nothing will ever spawn there again. No hunger or thirst, that's explained in the game.Be careful though, your character isn't some hero, fighting should always be your last option in this game, you MUST manage your resources or you simply will not survive, so this sometimes mean's sitting in the dark with no light's on to conserve that little bit of fuel that you plan on using to make a molotov cocktail."
76561198413166250,Recommended,274520,34525074,Posted: 27 August,all,the_choice,The game makes me♥♥♥♥♥♥my self with ♥♥♥♥♥ of joy.
,Recommended,274520,34630710,Posted: 31 August,all,Chris,"I don't even know whether it's good or not yet, but I just had to buy this to support the developers for putting their game on ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Awesome move!"
,Recommended,274520,28993288,Posted: 3 January,all,Blackjester,Easily one of my favorite games.
,Recommended,274520,34343708,Posted: 18 August,all,Spike,This game will make you even more afraid of the footsteps in your house
,Recommended,274520,29077120,Posted: 6 January,all,BasedTwinkie™,"I beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of that little violin playing ♥♥♥♥ to make him stop.The sound started♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my virgin ears.Anyway, 10/10. Please make future characters killable, thanks."
,Recommended,274520,34243771,Posted: 14 August,all,Cal Chuchesta,"A unique, truly original vision; fully realized. Polished to perfection in almost every facet, with some of the most chilling, unnerving, and fantastic sound design.This game deserves your time and money."
76561198004025374,Recommended,274520,34340235,Posted: 18 August,all,Safety First,I like it a lot.
,Recommended,274520,16034127,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Y23Y,"I am terrified to walk around my own damn house because I don't have enough lights in the house. Congratulations you have made a game that did as it was intended to do. I don't usually play horror games, and I barely got into this game, but I was scared as hell. If anyone wants a game that is scary, get this one. Dim lights, overhead tree branches blocking some view, the sound of branches breaking as if someone, sorry, something stepped on them. amazing"
76561198039622143,Recommended,274520,16182502,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Balooga,"This game is scary and very fun. The random nature of the chests and inside content keep you glued to exploration. You always want to keep searching in the deepest, darkest parts of the game to see what will come next. The story is nicely creepy and entertaining and doesn't seem to hinter the play in anyway; which is very important to me. Some early access glitches were extreamly annoying but thankfully the game is fun enough right now to somewhat ignore them all. The constant steady updates are also a refreashing change compared to most early access junk. All in all, not a bad game and I don't regreat buying the game.It's definitely one of those games you'll quit playing for awhile so that when you come back to it, you can enjoy it all over again."
,Recommended,274520,34317414,Posted: 17 August,all,PinkiePie,"This is a great atmospheric game with a nice pinch of survival horror.Absolutly love it, boi!"
76561198209660981,Recommended,274520,24787841,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Dr.Rigor Mortis,"I LOVE this game, I'm literally addicted to it-lol. I like the eerieness of the game, like you don't feel safe, like there's little to no hope. And how you don't know this place, and your'e lost but your pushed forward to explore and into the story. 10\10 game in my opinion. :)"
76561198109494980,Recommended,274520,18618247,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,sammvarley,5 hours played.4 hours spent hidden in a corner with my trusty nailed plank raised above my head.
,Recommended,274520,25788852,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Anumber9large,"ayy, das pretty guud"
,Recommended,274520,25848195,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Odin's Son,There is no other game that I have played that is like this game.  Darkwood is one of a kind.  It captures the eerieness so well it's scary.  So much fun to play in the dark with your friends watching.  Best early access game I have ever played.
,Recommended,274520,29433191,Posted: 22 January,all,Black Puppet,"=|Heads Up|=The Time spent in game has a reason. No, I have not played it anywhere but steam. I am just a big damn coward.=|Review|=So, I have seen this game played by Markiplier. And I found it quite interesting but not all that scary. I mean sure it had its scarefactors but not that much on video. So what happened? Why did I only play this game for not even an hour? Well, I did not get far. And by that mean, I got into the tutorial,♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants and uninstalled and refunded the game. Because, god damn, it was that good at scaring me. See, I am usually not the type of person that gets scared by simple imagery. I have quite wild dreams in terms of horror. I enjoy it a lot. Being scared, helpless. Thats the feeling I tend to enjoy in these games and stories. Having to play this game however made me not only realise that I just cant play it but also made me remember one specific dream where I, and that for the first time ever and never again, woke up because the dream was that scary.And this game is on the same level. I got into the tutorial at first and all was good. And weirdly enough it followed the same specifics of my dream. So then I went towards the next and suddenly woke up in that dark shack. And holy balls, the athmosphere! I tried to give it my best shot. I tried to take it but I couldnt. I played just for a few minutes and, even though nothing happened at all, the athmosphere scared the s*** out of me. I didnt see a monster, I didnt hear a monster nor did I even see anything remotely scary. I only heard things. And that was quite enough for me to leave.So. Is this game good? Its quite effective for all I care so, yes. I mean, I refunded it but not because I disliked it. But because I will NEVER play it. No matter what the circumstances may be. But hey. If you want a game with an amazing horror athmosphere, go for this game right away. Because it scared me without even trying."
76561198042120701,Recommended,274520,11414962,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,l.,"I am no horror veteran, however, I am a game vet. Darkwood was the only game that had me panicked.It was the dead of the night.I was hiding in my small cottage.My door was broken down.A 'thing' entered.I screeched ""I won't let you take me!"" and killed it after a wound and a bruise.The things body was gone in the morning.Was it a hallucination?Or was it something that the woods had chewed up and spat out?"
,Recommended,274520,32223471,Posted: 6 June,all,#E3 BETHESDA,better than 100$ games.
,Recommended,274520,30737514,Posted: 25 March,all,Orbital_Opale,I've bought the game and really. i swear it`s worth the money for exactly 81 minutes! I would spend all my money for the game to do 81 minutes again.
,Recommended,274520,21973225,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,gamesare2fun,"[5:51:44 PM] connor conneely: What ya up to[5:52:29 PM] Brett Gier: darkwood[5:52:36 PM] Brett Gier: scary as ♥♥♥♥ survival game[5:52:38 PM] connor conneely: What's that[5:52:45 PM] Brett Gier: scary as ♥♥♥♥ survival game[5:53:02 PM] connor conneely: I know it didn't come up until I saw it lol[5:53:20 PM] Brett Gier: its a random map everytime, but basically the forest sort of consumed a small town[5:53:32 PM] Brett Gier: like a country town of farms where the houses are super spaced out[5:53:32 PM] connor conneely: You build stuff[5:53:37 PM] Brett Gier: and the trees are like walls[5:53:48 PM] Brett Gier: sort of... you barricade stuff, it isn't minecraft[5:54:12 PM] Brett Gier: biggest thing I've built is a board with nails in it cuz there's freaky as ♥♥♥♥ evil♥♥♥♥♥♥[5:55:01 PM] Brett Gier: like, half of the enemies in this game, I have to hide in a corner or run. late game you get like axes and shotguns and its a bit safer, but as of now ill get like 3shotted and i'd break my board in half before I got half their health down[5:55:32 PM] Brett Gier: i hunt dogs. Single dogs that strayed from the pack. And the occasional savage guy who runs at me with a stick.[5:55:50 PM] connor conneely: Can you tame a dog[5:56:13 PM] Brett Gier: but sometimes, you see a savage. and you walk up to fight him for his stick. And then his head splits open sideways and he gets down on all fours.[5:56:20 PM] Brett Gier: those are the things i run from.[5:56:28 PM] Brett Gier: no, they've got like a plague[5:56:43 PM] Brett Gier: that like changes everything. Even you're infected to a lesser degree[5:57:21 PM] connor conneely: Is it on an island or a secluded town[5:57:23 PM] Brett Gier: like, there's a wolf that stands on two legs and wears a hoodie. he's the one sentient ♥♥♥♥ing thing. He sells guns.[5:57:39 PM] Brett Gier: secluded country town that a plague-infected forest consumed[5:57:42 PM] Brett Gier: cant leave[5:58:13 PM] connor conneely: I been playin with josh lately[5:58:29 PM] Brett Gier: you were like a scout for some group outside that got in through a tunnel, you got attacked and were bleeding out, a strange bald dude saved you, took your key to leave, and tortured you to find where the exit was[5:58:39 PM] Brett Gier: i figured[5:59:00 PM] connor conneely: Wired[5:59:08 PM] Brett Gier: wired?[5:59:18 PM] connor conneely: The concept[5:59:26 PM] Brett Gier: ah[5:59:31 PM] Brett Gier: yeah, its ♥♥♥♥ing terrifying[6:00:04 PM] Brett Gier: every day at dawn, time freezes and three terrifying guys in masks show up in the kitchen of your house.[6:00:05 PM] connor conneely: Is there any story[6:00:28 PM] Brett Gier: yeah, you have to find the ♥♥♥♥er that took your key before the plague takes you, or the evil♥♥♥♥♥♥does[6:02:18 PM] connor conneely: Any allies[6:02:55 PM] Brett Gier: and plague infested mushrooms like, glow red and cooking and eating them is a way to sort of control the effects of the plague, so you don't go batshit and slam your head repeatedly against the wall like other infected people do, but get some of the mutations that the monsters have. for example, a growth on your body that you can remove once a day and use as bait to draw monsters away.[6:03:01 PM] Brett Gier: wolfman=only friend[6:04:17 PM] Brett Gier: and he's just sort of like ""Look. I'm not gonna waste any ♥♥♥♥nig time on you if you're just gonna get killed. see this place on your map? take a few days to gear up and head there, it's dangerous as all hell and you'll probably die, but if you make it ill give you a real job.""[6:04:35 PM] Brett Gier: I'm currently gearing up[6:04:46 PM] connor conneely: Haha[6:05:03 PM] Brett Gier: you have to retreat home every day, like literally have to before night falls[6:05:18 PM] Brett Gier: the night is not fun, and you will die[6:05:45 PM] Brett Gier: it even says flat out ""probability of death when staying out after dark is 99 out of 100""[6:05:54 PM] Brett Gier: and it is[6:06:23 PM] Brett Gier: you hide in your corner at night surrounded by lamps and you pray to satan that nothing big busts your door down[6:07:04 PM] Brett Gier: so far dogs and savages have attacked me in the night, but no monsters[6:07:07 PM] Brett Gier: thank god[6:07:18 PM] Brett Gier: cuz i need a god damned gun for that♥♥♥♥♥♥[6:08:04 PM] Brett Gier: as of now, i have a nailed board that i upgraded by pounded about 15 extra nails into for bonus damage.[6:10:32 PM] Brett Gier: and its legitimately scary, because there's no cheap scripted jumpscares or invulnerable enemies, its just plain dangerous and you aren't a badass.[6:16:51 PM] Brett Gier: also its random so you never know when you're gonna get jumped."
76561198082390257,Recommended,274520,11393925,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,iwasanisland,"Found a man with a key. Carried him home, became that man. Another man tried to kill me, a wolf tried to kill me, but the wolf man just wanted to trade junk and gossip all day. It was kinda nice. 10/10"
,Recommended,274520,11429589,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,A Guy With Candy,This is the best hide in a corner during night time simulator game I've ever played.
76561198018136657,Recommended,274520,11435412,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Malevolence,"Want a game that will make you jump from your chair, this is it! Can you take it ? Dark, Tense, Horrorific, Mystery and at the same time very challenging game. This game isn't easy at all, and if you are scared, is even worst. The game still in Alpha but there is value in it, and a promissing future. I didn't jump from my chair in a long long time, I love the game as much as I hate it, but as much as I hate it, I keep coming back, because I want to solve it, I want to finish it, I want to unravel the mystery. This, is the meaning of a good game, it trap you, it kills you, and it give you a reason to come back for more. A true horror game !"
,Recommended,274520,11509032,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,MetalSVT,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BurJqrbU-lwFirst off, I was apprehensive purchasing this game in Early Access; however, I am not disappointed in the slightest. This game has a lot of content for being just recently greenlit. It's very hard, which provides the challenge that I love. It includes the ever growing genre of survival, where you have to collect and craft items in order to continue. Very little information is given and there is absolutely no hand holding, so if you like dicovering things on your own, then this is a title for you. Otherwise, I would recommend another game if you get frustrated easily."
76561198037322314,Recommended,274520,11442853,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Yurhomi,"I've only played this game for not that many hours in relation to the fans of this game, but I must say it's really interesting. I want to figure out this games story of how it all happened, but fear is inevitable and you're most likely doomed to die multiple times."
,Recommended,274520,11504545,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,southoftheborder,"My hands were cold and clammy as I gulped silently. My watch starterd beeping. 12:00 it said, midnight. The tv screen was glaring at me for some time with the only vivid colours I can remember. My heart started to race as I was a few minutes away from my home base. I thought to myself that right now would be the best idea to trod back. Nightfall emergers and my breath becomes a bit more shorter than the other breath. I can't contain myself, I'm very anxious about this event. I doubt I'll even make it through.The well has prompted me to drink from it, I tell myself, close the curtains and put some headphones on, it'll be fun. I did as what my head told me to do. It begun, I cornered myself on one end of the room with all beartraps hanging about. I feel nervous at the sight of these things as they might turn against me at one point and time. The growling begun. My heart was pacing faster, I mean, what could go wrong right? Well the barricaded door north of me corrected that sentence as something is chomping it's way through my doors. ""BANG BANG BANG"" It went.The growling was louder than before. I can't help but to hold my breathe as the events unfolded in front of me. I decided to position myself as far away as possible from the door, but guess what? It's not over. Just south of me the door started to get attacked. It felt weird, I was feeling neither fear nor anxiety. The mix of horrible emotions was too difficult for me to handle. ""BANG!"" The door on the north gave way, gave way to something so terrible words cannot explain. But alas, the bear traps teeth GRISLED the thing. By the grace of god, I cleaved the infernal being in half with my axe, surprisingly with one blow it faltered, embracing the cold planks which I stood in. As the southern door broke, I see a faint light fill my room. It was daybreak.Waking up knowing tomorrow is going to be a more horrible day, I start my daily cycle. I'll push through this."
,Recommended,274520,12224031,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,SquidofLove,"An amazing dark game about survival. Darkwood succeeds in creating a unique atmosphere by combining great gameplay and sound. Despite being a 2d game it can still scare you in more than enough situations. Inside the game there are plenty of hidden clues waiting for you to discover them in order to unravel the lore of this great game. All of these create an amazing experience you should not miss. I definitely recommend this game, you should buy it if you have not already, but beware, it's a hard, hard game that will haunt your dreams :).If you enjoyed this review and found it helpful, then please consider following my curator page. Thank you!http://store.steampowered.com/curator/10128571-SquidofLuvPlays/"
76561198152016215,Recommended,274520,12253235,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,xXx_Ruble muney_xXx,This game is great eventhough its top down it is still extremely scary and fun. The atmosphere at night when your huddled in a corner listening is great and I cant wait for future updates. 9/10
,Recommended,274520,12238555,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,fuzzy,"You'll know, that you made good decision buying this game, when you put on good headphones and start playing it.This game provides massive immersion.Belive me."
,Recommended,274520,12046194,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Lash,Its a very cool gameI don't like horror games that much but this one is very goodOnly 2 complains-the movement is ( i think ) a little bit buged tweak that please-i hope they keep updates regulary and add a sandbox mode and more stuff8.5/10
76561198077684551,Recommended,274520,11409342,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Pitchman,"Wow, this is really something. One of the most intense horror games i have played in a long, long time. The atmosphere is handled perfectly, the sound design alone will freak you out before you get to the nitty gritty. Not for the faint of heart. Can't wait for updates and a final release!"
76561197983263830,Recommended,274520,11612486,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,'RyukenQ,"I killed my dog,♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants and bashed a mans skull in for his stick. fun game 10 slaughtered pigs outa 10.♥♥♥♥ing worms in my toilet"
,Recommended,274520,11404717,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,BlakeyJunkie,"From my experiences of playing the Early Access (Alpha) verson of Darkwood is suprising really good. Yes I've copped a few, well not really jump scares but spooks as in loud sounds and hearing of things around in the woods. I'd love the smoothness of the gameplay, and the graphics for the bird eye perspective is really good. I'm digging into the storyline of the whole game so far (not gonna tell any spoilers, sorry). What they hopefully will do in the completed game of this is you could able to build your own shelters in the woods, like Minecraft. Get wood, make the walls for the house, make a chest/wardrobe, make the windows or door barriaded (sorry for the spelling), and just other things that make the game more interesting and more intense as well.Overall, I'm really enjoying the game I think it's well made and, in my opinion it's one of the best Alpha games I've played in a long time. I'll give it 10/10! Good job guys! :)"
76561198029269072,Recommended,274520,27666163,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mango Muncher,"This is a brilliant addition to the ""horror"" gaming genre. Recommend to anyone wishing to sink several hours into a hella fun alpha"
,Recommended,274520,33850043,Posted: 28 July,all,H.V Blart,"Very unique, and very good overall. Amazing atmosphere & soundtrack to accompany. Gameplay is smooth and visuals are very artistic. One of the best early access purchases I've ever made, the updates have been fantastic. Shame that no one else has yet to take my word on trying this masterpiece.EDIT: Shame that all but one (1) have yet to take my word on trying this masterpiece."
,Recommended,274520,11491473,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Alucard Jaeger,"This is a great horror game with great atmosphere, sound, design and gameplay. This game will keep you on your toes during the day and hiding in a corner of a boarded up house in the night hearing creatures and animals fighting each other and dying. The lighting effects are some of the best I have seen as you will need light to go into deeper areas of the forest or to just be able to turn of your lamps within your house so you can see what might be entering. This game will make you think something is always behind you or even in the same room with you. Currently the game is in alpha right now but it is worth the money to play the game because the people who made this game are adding more and more to the game which will add more story and depth and overrall better gameplay."
,Recommended,274520,34561413,Posted: 28 August,all,Dak,"No jump scares, just♥♥♥♥♥clenching terror. Good stuff."
76561198053748477,Recommended,274520,34555015,Posted: 28 August,all,billy bastard,"You shouldn't play this game at night. But if you do, it would be wise to lock your doors and barricade the windows. And stay in the light. For they will come. But you should play this game.Darkwood is one of those few games that are genuinely scary. But it does not go for cheap scares and reflexes. Instead the darkwood is dark and brooding and strange. And scary and dangerous. And you yourself are pretty strange. But all this is part of the storytelling. Which is exceptional.If you play this game on hard - you can die a few times - you will find yourself unwilling to explore certain area's. Carelessness will kill. Grinding for rescources or experience is just madness and after the day comes the night. And in the night they will come. While on the other hand there is a need to explore because the map will change during different playthroughs. Play on normal and the character will respawn an unlimited number of times and every idiot can finish the game on normal difficulty. But playing on normal difficulty will allow a less dedicated player to enjoy the storytelling. And did I say this already ? The storytelling is exceptional.Really. The storytelling is exceptional.I will probably be playing this game for some time to come."
,Recommended,274520,34546750,Posted: 28 August,all,oh my holopsicon,"I originally saw this game on my recommended tabs a few weeks ago, the price was kinda accesible for the currency I use so I added it to my wishlist and hoped to get the money soon.Then I stumbled across the news and found out what the devs did in order to reach more people. I remember being younger and not being able to buy more than one 20 bucks game by saving for an entire year, so I thought: ""I should get this game as soon as possible"" and boy It surely was worth it, can't wait to play it once I have some more spare time, It must be a true nightmare with headphones on."
76561198335223708,Recommended,274520,34543293,Posted: 27 August,all,daddy fatt sack,"Great game, hope to buy more like it in the future"
,Recommended,274520,34590585,Posted: 29 August,all,Drop Rate Gregg,"I really liked this game! I was expecting a top down horror game, but wasn't expecting so much the survival aspect. I thought it was a rock solid gameFirst 30 minutes shown here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JfLJnVMFUCA&feature=youtu.beIt would be nice if you could quick equip items, it seems like you have to drag and drop, but for the most part the controls are great. The story seems to be very dark, the characters are interesting, and the music does a great job of setting the mood."
76561198150547702,Recommended,274520,15653822,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,RussianLad,"I've had this game Since Early 2015, it's come a long way and I am pleased to say that I quite enjoy how it's turned out. I am looking forward as to what the Wizards will work on in the future and to see what may come of this game. I'm glad that the price has been reduced so that many of my other friends will likely want to purchase it and finally... thank you Wizards!"
,Recommended,274520,14420944,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Jaster,"Let me first say that if you are not fond of hard games, this may not be the game for you. The game has a rather steep learning curve for first timers... But for those who brave it and learn from it, I assure you that you will thuroughly enjoy this game. Suffice it to say, your character may die in this game... perhaps a lot in your first play through. Though, like dark souls, every 'death' is a learning experience, and this game rewards persistance.Matched with an environment as creepy as its well-told story, the Devs have truly outdone themselves with the creation of compelling (and very disturbing) characters shown in a world full of danger. You will quickly need to learn how to survive and, for the sake of maintaining the resorces you find, find tricks to keeping your character alive.The fact that this game is still in Alpha is, for me, among the most exciting factors of the experience. In and of itself, the game has run without flaw from me, save a few minor easy-to-avoid/get past glitches that I have seen in many slelf-proclaimed 'finished' games. Just so, the thought of MORE being added to this game in every aspect pleases me greatly. This is a game well worth both attention and support... And heck, why not have a GREAT time playing what they have thus far while doing both of these things?"
,Recommended,274520,34454404,Posted: 24 August,all,Cynicall,"Only a few minutes into this game and you become addicted.  I understand that it is a top down experience that may be off putting to some people but it is well worth it if you are willing to play this psychological horror.  The atmosphere is creepy, and everything wants to kill you.  You think that is bad? try going into the night not being paranoid of literally everything you cannot see.  You literally just sit their all night, praying that someone doesnt open that door or that something doesnt decide to grace themselves with their presence by smashing your window open.  It truly is a terrifying event that would leave most fans of horror games on edge.Overall, I think this game is amazing, and disturbing all in one.  Darkwood does the fear and horror right, which most games just dont seem to have.  I am glad that I kept an eye on this game throughout its development, as this game was definately worth the wait.  When a horror/survival game can scare you without cheap jumpscares, its worth it.9/10"
76561198117859075,Recommended,274520,34593402,Posted: 29 August,all,CalmBforTheStorm,I wanted to play this game as of just the other day. Recently hearing the devs offering the game on♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i knew these people are dedicated and worked hard on this game and i want to support them. I didn't want to buy at a discounted price(I honestly did until now)with that aside.This game isn't for those who expect a helping hand.  Patience is key.i don't have much time in the game but i can honestly say as a horror fan of games and film. I know this will be a rare gem.I felt sooo uneasy(but it felt soo right). It's creepy.I'm only giving my brief knowledge thus far.
76561198122986867,Recommended,274520,34598517,Posted: 29 August,all,Black Eragon,"This game is just fantastic, the deep and immersion feels real, Every little sound scares the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you."
76561198047894607,Recommended,274520,34593719,Posted: 29 August,all,Soran,I got this game because it was offered up for free on a torrent on a site called Imgur. I had never heard of the game before i saw it there. I watched the trailers after I saw the post and I decided it was not something I couldn't justify getting for free to myself. I bought the game because it seemed like it was definatly something I would enjoy.Pros- The game does not hold your hand. I shotgunned a charcter that was supposed to tell me something. I guess he was making a spaceship according to the stuff I read. He is dead now.-It is tense I wouldn't say scary. (don't get me wrong here the game has some very disturbing characters I have played too many jump scare games.) I love this because the game gets that a quick jump scare is not what I want. Instead seeing a new enemy who effects my vision when I look directly at it and adding a new mechanic I was not expecting worries me. I don't know if someone is an enemy right away. The person may just be defending their house and want you gone.-The game gives you lots of paths to choose from and you might not always see the path offered right away. (in example I spent a lot of bullets shooting an enemy cause I thought well this can't move to hit me at all but seems dangerous. I should burn it to a crisp.) Turns out I didn't have to use all those moltovs and there was an easy way to do that if i choose to.- I don't know who I should be working with. Should I work with the wolf man or go with crazy chicken lady or maybe the musician who fancies the monster lady and wants to meet her privately.Cons- The controls are tough to pick up. I could change them but it doesn't seem like anything else works quite as well with the options given.- lack of hand holding good. not knowing how to reload your freshly made gun with all your ammo clips until you look it up not so good. ( I think this one is on me though. I never look at the controls.)- dieing doesn't seem to matter much. more of a slight inconvienence. I don't know if things change at the end due to number of deaths at the moment but it seems to change nothing other than you drop half your items that you can easily go find in a backpack where you died.overall 9/10 mostly cause of the control issues. To clarify I use a controller and every so often I die because it doesn't respond well due to the way it is designed. The keyboard mouse combo may work better but I would be surprized. Even with that issue this is easily one of the most entertaining games I have played and I am excited to explore some of the different paths that can be taken on new playthoughs.
,Recommended,274520,34575618,Posted: 29 August,all,Miringer Supreme,Game's really cool even though I haven't seen much of it yet. Devs are even cooler people.Support this gem.
76561198179388443,Recommended,274520,34577620,Posted: 29 August,all,Syris,"Great game and it's so very kind of you guys to have put your baby on TPB for free so that those who can't afford it to be able to enjoy it. I bought it, and now I'm also proud to be one of those who support you guys. Keep it up!I'm dont usually play survival games,nor do I write reviews, but I bought this one after seeing the trailer (under the rain) and I'm so very glad I did!It's got such a great atmosphere, especially when it rains (again) and there's thunder! Found myself spending (in-game) nights barricaded in room with a weak and flickering light, my back to a wall ready to swing at anything (and even practicing a few swings ""justg to warm up"", lol) and trying to figure out what kind of horror was in side the house in the dark areas, making thumping noises... Not to mention the awesome creepiness and some nice jumps too!Kudos!"
76561198076810496,Recommended,274520,34574848,Posted: 29 August,all,barm009,"I spent some time reading the reviews, watching some in-game footage and got really excited by the different elements that they brought together. THEN I read that Acid Wizard Studios (the maker) uploaded the game for anyone to download for free as a way of thwarting the key code sites. I was convinced and immediately bought the game. I have played for about 8 hours now and am enjoying the sweet tension between feeling somewhat comfortable with the game play and somewhat disturbed by the world. It is creepy and constantly throwing curve balls at me. I hope everyone who can afford to supports these guys will buy the game. It is by far the most interesting game of its type that I have played, and I want to see what these developers come up with next.Back to the woods!"
,Recommended,274520,35016732,Posted: 17 September,all,Twisted Grin,This game is crazy spooky.
,Recommended,274520,34392179,Posted: 21 August,all,DestroyerOfWorlds420,top down survival horror. really cool
76561198122630095,Recommended,274520,35065519,Posted: 19 September,all,crossed,"Short version: Pretty epic game, play it :p---------------------I'm not great at writing reviews so I'll just throw a few thoughts about Darkwood in here.The sound design / ambiance is awesome, and combined with the twisted, often surrealistic imagery (especially when you get to see an object / NPC up close), they create a really dense, creepy atmosphere, which is the strongest point of the game (as probably pointed out by everyone and their grandma already :p )The game actually feels like a survival horror, most of the time it feels like you're barely surviving (on your first playthrough anyway), making through each day (and night) feels really satisfying.The figting while simple it's kinda skill based, every enemy is deadly, but you can take out any of them with whatever crappy weapon you can get your hands on, provided you're gud enough :pI haven't finished the game yet (28 hours in), but the story is great.. I guess...? :D I'm still trying to figure things out; the devs were admittedly inspired by Dark Souls, the narration is pretty vague, but it's all there if you pay attention to details, there are plenty of secrets to find  and mysteries to figure out for yourself. Anyway, it's interesting enough for me to just want to go on, play through one more day, find out a litte more.The game generally is very polished, everything works smoothly, haven't encountered any bugs yet.Two things that I personally don't like in the game:I really liked the thing that you can board up doors / windows and move furniture to baricade yourself, but pretty soon I realised they don't do all that much, it fells like a noob trap more than anything to waste resources and time on it.Normal mode is a little too forgiving, but on hard difficulty you have limited lives, and potencially facing a 'game over' screen 10-20+ hours into the game is not really the kind of challenge I like in games. There could be something in between.I might add some more thoughts once I finished the game...."
,Recommended,274520,34505044,Posted: 26 August,all,Papa Good Feels,Genuinely new and refreshing!
,Recommended,274520,34334333,Posted: 18 August,all,danielxancient,"Dark, mysterious, and...teryfing!!!Scariest game I have ever played with.The sounds and dark music doesn't help you in surviving a night:)I got more scared playing Darkwood (night) than when I was playing Dying Light.Craft, gather, progress your skills, trade, fight, and hunt!!!Try survive a night in Darkwood and you will see what I am talking about:)The fear just leveled up!!!"
76561198128893609,Recommended,274520,34335335,Posted: 18 August,all,michael,much sp00k 10/10
,Recommended,274520,34337229,Posted: 18 August,all,Azrael,absolute terrifying awesomeness
,Recommended,274520,34339491,Posted: 18 August,all,RanDumSocks,"""Don't find me... Don't find me... Don't fin- OH ♥♥♥♥ WHAT IS THAT"" - simulator 2017"
,Recommended,274520,34333995,Posted: 18 August,all,=TCTCore= Sm0k3,Can't believe it's been 3 years since i got this game. Darkwood is one of the best in the top down games i've ever played.
,Recommended,274520,34359736,Posted: 19 August,all,Flock Mistress,"I was super hesitant going into the game regarding the idea of a top-down survival horror.But after 7 hours of game play, I am hooked. I very much enjoy the sense of urgency that arises when dusk arrives to make sure you are prepared to endure and survive the night. The artwork is great and fits the timbre of the game very well. I also enjoy the fact that the game pressures you to move further away from safehouses as resources are depleted in hopes of finding a cache or a new safehouse. The bartering system depends on your proficiency in surviving the night, or how well you manage resources to sell.The keybindings are intuitive and easy to learn, and engaging in combat is entirely optional. Although with high risk is high reward as enemies are typically guarding valuable items.There are no cheesey jump scares here which I adore. The game uses ambiance, glimpses of creatures in the distance (depending on your field of vision) and the knowledge of impending nightfall to make one soil their pantaloons.Huge thumbs up here.Fantastic game."
,Recommended,274520,34349467,Posted: 19 August,all,escade,"I'm really liking this so far, as mentioned before this game doesn't really rely on jumpscares. It's more an environmental horror, since the noises, the landscape, the music, etc. are what makes this game.So far I just played it blindly so it's fun figuring out what to do and where to go, you don't really get stuck in the story aslong you pay attention to your surroundings.Paying attention to your surroundings is probably what's most important at night too, whatever happens at night is variating within time.At one point I was standing next to my light at night, minding my own business when suddenly one of those antler dudes came storming in and bashed the hell out of me.After I was done with him and barely survived, thought it was over, the door of the room I was in suddenly opens slowly, but then nothing happened.It's little details like this that make the game cause I was really tensed up in that moment and probably wouldn't have survived another attack.I haven't encountered a single problem with the controls so far either, nor did I encounter any bugs, glitches or got any errors while playing.Graphically it's right up my alley but it's nothing for graphic♥♥♥♥♥s of course. You get simple graphics with no over-the-top animations, except when encountering NPCs who are really detailed and look great.I'd definitely recommend this game!"
76561198013336701,Recommended,274520,34354390,Posted: 19 August,all,TinEater,"Don't Starve crossed with Sunless Sea, but less whimsical and more pants-crappingly scary.  10/10, would pants crap again."
76561198007473066,Recommended,274520,34504191,Posted: 26 August,all,katerror,Freakesly awesome...
,Recommended,274520,34479771,Posted: 25 August,all,The Jawbone,"One of the most interesting survival horror games I've ever seen. Let's focus on that.Darkwood does not rely on the typical cliches you find in survival horror games. It doesn't even have jumpscares in its arsenal. It builds tension with its visual and audio design, and difficult gameplay. It's gone in an extremely modern pixel art direction with some relatively high res visuals which are looking remarkable even at 4k. The designs of the more ""creepy"" things are creative and immaculately animated, which definitely channels the aesthetic of Silent Hill at times.The field-of-view mechanic cannot be praised enough. It's a top-down perspective and the player character can only see objects in about a 90 degree angle in the direction he is facing. The characters attention can be focused on areas to get a better view (fading out the upper layer of trees and such) which makes for a fairly realistic, immersive feel.The combat system is simple, but feels just varied enough for this type of game. I really appreciate the use of practicality of weapon choices, as it doesn't force you to crunch damage numbers to maximize them. Got a nail board? More nails will make it do more damage, reinforcing it with metal will make it more durable.There is an element of resource management as you will never have enough materials to barricade every single window/doorframe you come across while still having enough for your equipment. A few traders exist to exchange items for reputation, a currency for buying other items. There is also a bit of procedural generation for the map across playthroughs - map layouts and locations will change, but the layouts of locations and items inside them do not.There seem to be several optional and mandatory events that involve choices for the player, that ultimately affect the storyline. In my experience, they are not weightless choices and have been slightly challenging to make at times.Overall, it's been difficult for me to notice any areas where Darkwood doesn't seem completely polished. Granted, I haven't seen all the content available, but I highly recommend it anyway."
76561198115689006,Recommended,274520,34474454,Posted: 24 August,all,sittingpretty188,"This game from the word go sucks you in to its dark, claustrophobic atmosphere and makes you feel as though you are constantly on the back foot and frantically stuggling to get anything and everything done before the sun goes down...The game delivers a level of anxiety that when coupled with its eerie dissonant music and sound effects leaves you feeling very discombobulated and unnerved.Scary AF ; )"
,Recommended,274520,34487607,Posted: 25 August,all,SickCanadian,"Wow this game is intense. By far the scariest game I've ever played. I don't normally like or enjoy scary games (I don't like being scared), but this game is extremely fun in small bursts. I have a bad heart and it can only handle so much (hopefully I don't get a heart attack playing it).It's extremely fun though, with an awesome soundtrack. The developers are amazing too, and for only $17 CAD what more could ask for?10/10."
76561198240526190,Recommended,274520,34486050,Posted: 25 August,all,LostRellik,Fantastic game.
,Recommended,274520,34991038,Posted: 16 September,all,"Spark Wright, Ultimate Attorney.","I love it, I mean it has flaws, but I still love itthe only flaws I've found so far are how slow and annoying it is to move furniture, and that nights get a bit long and boring.the gameplay is great, I like how quick but not immediate crafting is, so you need to be careful if you do it in a strange area, the combat is fun and the foraging and making your hideout invincible, it's a pretty gosh darn frightening experience for the most part so that's good if you like that, the art is pretty rad, the characters are fun, I dunno, I enjoy playing it and I reccomend giving it a try"
76561198152612578,Recommended,274520,34518598,Posted: 26 August,all,DHoneycutt75,"Amazing, a true work of art, It was a great combination of story, weirdness, and survivial. I found myself loving every second of it. The ending tied it all together in a neat bow, and I find myself wanting to play it again and again. It is worth every cent."
76561198052194706,Recommended,274520,34520291,Posted: 26 August,all,TSF,An incredible atmospheric Survival Horror game with a satisfying conclusion.If you consider yourself a fan of the genre you would be a fool to let this game slip by without seeing what it has to offer.
,Recommended,274520,34524379,Posted: 27 August,all,Nudhul,"If Junji Ito made a video game, this would be it."
76561198180028170,Recommended,274520,34520630,Posted: 26 August,all,louisside,"I say Darkwoods is a 10 dollar game, not a 15 dollar one.-no new game plus or continuation-no modes-no replay value(after you finish once, there isn't an incentive to start another new game. You already seen everything other than completing side quests that tells your heroic or dastardly deeds you've done(doesn't affect the main ending or alters it), however it does have significant impacts around the world during your playthrough.-combat is wonky(I was using the controller and at times, it moves around eratically during combat)+atmospheric+music(god damn those chills)+interesting enemy variety+story(creepy and sad)"
,Recommended,274520,34978326,Posted: 15 September,all,Macciavelo,"This game is hard to review. On one hand, the atmosphere and the story is really good, but on the other hand the combat is really annoying for the simple reason that the dodge mechanic only work in one direction: Back.But I still recommend this game. The gameplay is simple: Go looting the area during the day, and defend your place during the night. The progression is through areas: Once you feel comfortable enough or you are following the story, you can move from hideout to another.So, in short: I do recommend the game. The atmosphere is paranoia inducing, but the combat gameplay is annoying."
76561198136423137,Recommended,274520,34487034,Posted: 25 August,all,「Acez」,"Holy Crap, Where do I begin?I've followed this game for a bit, seeing as I love horror games and being scared.  I just gotta say, me and my friends have been playing it and it is awesome.  If you are worried that this won't be scary cause it is top down, then you have another thing coming, this game is one of the best horror games I have played inna while, and to be honest, it is my favorite game right now.  The atmosphere is so oppressive that it makes me want to stop, but the story is so intriguing that it keeps me coming back.  If you like Horror games that have atmosphere as well as interesting character and monster design this is the game for you."
76561198373455646,Recommended,274520,34564154,Posted: 28 August,all,Anemone,"For a game with lower tier graphics compared to other games, I have found Darkwood not only extraordinarily fun but find myself on the edge of my seat during nightfall. I have been playing this game through a shared steam library and decided to buy the game and support the developers. There are very few horror games I have enjoyed playing but this one is a rare exception. Congradulations on a 5-star production and I look forward to future chapter releases."
76561198073617920,Recommended,274520,34902444,Posted: 12 September,all,joshpc,"Highly recommended, One of the best games I've ever played!!! It's Never repetitive and always has the best tension you could ask for, Do yourself a favor and buy this game."
76561198322105870,Recommended,274520,34942880,Posted: 13 September,all,Noyjoy,"A few years ago, I saw a video of someone playing this game on youtube not really knowing anything about it. Due to it being in early access, i never really looked more into it. A few years later is see that the game is fully released and out on steam. After debating if it was going to be worth it (didn't think top-down was going to be very good) i ended up buying it.Boy oh boy was I wrong to judge the top-down style of this game. Not only did it give the game a very interesting perspective that limits what you see yet still show you what is around you. This is used in a exellent way to keep you on your toes as well as make you think every twig snap is a monster ready to kill you.The game uses that psychology to bring you disturbing images, creepy NPCs and a haunting enviorment. Yet, they no cheap jump scares which shows that fact that the game developers really know thier horror. To compliment this, the game also has a really good soundtrack and sound effects that add another layer to the spooks.Gameplay wise, I found the game to be quite enjoyable even if there were time i was completely lost. The hide and fend off enemies was always tense and never got boring for me. You also seemed to always be rewarded with exploting with either loot or lore. The story unflods in a very non linear manor so it can be easy to skip NPCs or even major story/lore segments. I personally found it quite enjoyable to find everything i could about the story and the stories within the forest.Overall i highly recomment this game to any survival horror fan or even people who like hard challanges. If you invest time into this game you will be greatly rewarded with a very intense experience. Good jod Acid Wizard and hope to see your guys next game."
,Recommended,274520,34980091,Posted: 15 September,all,Mister Scoops,"It's the atmosphere, man. No game has gotten my skin to crawl like this."
,Recommended,274520,13407405,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Owl,"Great game, really spooky and challenging."
,Recommended,274520,34500783,Posted: 26 August,all,Mr. Meatcleaver,"If you're longing for a Silent Hill esque game that doesn't rely on jumpscares as much as it relies on unnerving you, and making you question your decisions, then look no further than Darkwood.It does everything right, and its an amazing first product of this new studio."
,Recommended,274520,35117108,Posted: 21 September,all,mcnostril,"Pros:- Great atmosphere. The way light works and the limited field of vision makes things very tense- The setting is weird and interesting- Sound design is top notch- So far there have been no jump scares, but there have been many freaky things that made me go nope nope nope. It's more of a tense, unsettling game than a scary one though.Cons:- Can get a bit grindy when you're unsure how to progress due to the day/night cycle- It's quite difficult, so deaths can sometimes be annoying and feel rather unfair (and I do mean feel, because the game's combat system does allow for quite a bit of skill once you've grasped it). For example, it's easy for certain enemies to stunlock you if you're not paying attention. Also some actions can be finnicky until you get the timings down (ie reloading a weapon during a fight).Overall it's one of my favorite horror games, but I think some people might bounce off due to the difficulty (plus the harder you find the game, the more likely it is to become a grind for you and ruin the atmosphere)."
76561197973158921,Recommended,274520,35042240,Posted: 18 September,all,kiario,This is a Fantastic game. The atmosphere and gameplay is really good. Survival balanced with unique story telling. Hugely replayable since there are many ways to do quests and the outcome is different. Graphics and sound fits the game perfectly.Really interesting story. 5/5 from me.
76561198189024045,Recommended,274520,17712138,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Fors,"This game is amazing. Simply amazing. The atmosphere, the story, the graphics, I like all of it. I hope the developers will keep it up, and it will turn into one of the best games of the genre."
,Recommended,274520,35170784,Posted: 23 September,all,Not Necessarily Fish,"Darkwood is a rare sort of game. It is rare because the skills, artistry, and intuition that require it cannot be faked. This is a game that balances everything so well it's almost perfect. As much as I have become frustrated with the game and tempted to quit, it keeps drawing me in regardless. All roads lead deeper into the woods I suppose.The atmospehere is so perfect and balanced I am deeply impressed by it. They managed to create a horror game that has both serenity and tension subtly intertwined. There are things that are unnatural and unsettling but they never go for the cheap scares. They never do something gratuitous just to get a rise out of you. They know how to go just far enough with everything, providing suspense and fear without delving into any tropes.I am highly impressed with this game. It is twice as satisfying as it is frustrating."
,Recommended,274520,35173460,Posted: 24 September,all,ashtheevil,"Want to thank developers for one of the best expirience I ever had in games. I was looking for this for years. The game is lovely and carefully crafted - it feels at almost every pixel. It's incredebly atmospheric, has it's own solid gameplay and tense narrative. Should give it a try if you like horror games - it is a new breath for the genre!"
76561198151996015,Recommended,274520,35321914,Posted: 29 September,all,FearNectar,Best game ive played all year! Thanks for making such a fantastic game.
,Recommended,274520,35266768,Posted: 28 September,all,The Realism Devourer,"Darkwood is a beautiful, unique product of Polish culture. It's also mean, ugly and foreboding.It bristles with mood and panicked energy- the game tells you that you have a curfew. Just try to stay out after dark, it says, I ♥♥♥♥ing dare you.  Nothing is ever entirely clear. The survival mechanics compliment, rather than detract from the gameplay. Every character you talk to is crazed, cruel, ugly, monstrous, or a combination of such traits-- and yet they're profoundly memorable; through crisp, brutal dialogue, and sharply designed and animated portraits. WIth so little, the good folks at Acid Wizard have done so much. The combat in this game is a messy affair; I'm reminded of the combat in Silent Hill 2, except in Darkwood, it's harder and deadlier. You must charge your attack to full before releasing it, which forces you to kite, to strategize, and to attempt to remember that you can dodge. If I have one criticism w/r/t the combat, it's that the weapons degrade at a pace that's just a little too fast for me.However, like any other horror game worth its salt, it is the sound of Darkwood that what makes it shine. Whispers in the forest, your heaving breath, the growl of things that were dogs, the music that's so subtle you can barely call it that, all thrust you deep into the forest. There are few moments in this game that make you almost sick with panic, and one is stepping into the bear trap that you set yourself, as you flee from something, as night has begun to fall, to get home in time.There are some aspects that make the game at times frustrating; and that's when you're playing on the easy mode, where dying means you drop a portion of your inventory, so you go out to recover it and are killed along the way because you were missing vital tools you kept in your inventory, so you go out to recover it and because the map doesn't show your exact location and you've go to use landmarks and navigate that way, you get lost, and wander into a field of poisonous mushrooms and die yet again.It's great. I don't like it, but it's great.In all, Darkwood is worth your time. The developers are wonderful people in that they took the huge risk of releasing a torrent version of this game, but nonetheless, you should buy it, ideally at full price, so that they can go make more excellent, ♥♥♥♥ed up Polish content."
76561198021495138,Recommended,274520,17494375,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Strobe Knight,"I bought this game almost as soon as it came out, and it's great to see how far it has come since the very early days.This game is exactly the kind of psychological horror that is missing from a lot of horror games these days. I have heard a lot of people complaining (before they even got the game or have seen what it's about) that the top-down view makes it not scary, that it would take away from the experience.That is absolutely not the case.The way the horror is portrayed is not so much through what you see, but rather what you imagine. This may sound silly on paper, but it is absolutely true. This also goes with games like the earlier Silent Hill games, Amnesia 1, etc. The top-down view I think works perfectly, and I would even argue that any other perspective would lessen the experience.The biggest way the horror is brought across is through the sound design. Honestly, whoever you are, whoever made those sounds that make me me want to twist the screen of my laptop off like a bottlecap and move somewhere else, you aren't human. The nights are the absolute worst part of the game, and I mean that in the best possible way.Alright, I know I'm rambling, but I just really wanted to gush about this game somewhere. So yeah, it's OK.(And yeah, I know I haven't been playing for that long, I can only play for a little while before I get overwhelmed and have to drink some bleach.)"
76561198243820642,Recommended,274520,22070961,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,TheDoctorHasAwoken,It is Silent Hill mixed with Amnesia The Dark Descent with a bit of DayZ and Don't Starve.Basically Survival Horror with...I don't even know anymore just buy the ♥♥♥♥ing game.
,Recommended,274520,22212615,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,NecroXBR,"Horror games of these days rely ALOT(90% of the game) in jumpscares, and jumpscares alone, but not Darkwood.Darkwood actually keeps the challenge, atmosphere(one of the most important elements of a horror game), and story REAL, the whole game is about you getting by each terryfing night alive, using any and every means to it. And ""hey"", there's a lot of different paths, weapons, gedgets and ways to do it, not even mentioning the brilliant RPG/skill based system that does't give you a clearly, straightforward advantage agaisnt your foes or the ♥♥♥♥ed up world that definitely IS against you.In the end, I tell you if you liked: Day-Z(good scaveging), Minecraft(unique generated open world), Alone in the Dark(great atmosphere) and Resident Evil(You know what you are against, but you probably will get startle as the dangers come), you definitely need to give this ALPHA(oh, well.......)  a try.The only possible way this game can hit the a-hole, is never coming out, since it's been two years(?) and still is in it's first chapter...But, boy, it already is a sweet lifetime experience for horror games customers, like me :). I can definitely recommend the game as it is now, but you can probably wait for a sale discount, if you *understandably* is concerned about the ""Early Access status""."
,Recommended,274520,23143241,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,DeadMeat,"I was very impressed with this game when it first became available on steam. After two years I am simply amazed at how much work was put into the development. The game has really started to truly show how creepy and dark it can be. I could not be happier that it is still being worked on and has not been postponed indefinitely like some other early access games. Highly recommend this game, and a must buy if it is on sale."
76561198317732007,Recommended,274520,33870304,Posted: 28 July,all,dave_sturgeon87,"Very fun game. You seem to get into it and get spooked more than some of the newer horror games that come out.This one is all about the atmosphere. Gameplay is nice, it's challenging, and has an eerie vibe throughout the game. Haven't finished it yet, but I would highly recommend this one.Worth the money =)"
,Recommended,274520,33875127,Posted: 29 July,all,Park Chorong,"Highly recommend if you love horror/survival games. Although I'm playing in beta, you should wait until release that way you have all the contents this game has to offer. Hoping they add something special to night time as it is kinda boring, but other than that it is a great game with unexpected scares and has an intense feeling to it at all times.Edit: Night time is very scary now. With the release of the game there are lots to explore now. Not going to spoil what happens at night but if you want to know what happens next thats up to you to explore! Have fun!"
76561198027941720,Recommended,274520,34432338,Posted: 23 August,all,Abe,"Currently addicted to this game. One of the best in the surivival horror genre. The story is mysterious and gripping. The loot mechanics and crafting system are fun, and the stronghold/defense gameplay has enough RNG to keep me coming back for more. I spend most of my time exploring, and planning out how I am going to survive the next night. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,274520,34510390,Posted: 26 August,all,Saltire,"Such a stylish game, wonderful atmosphere. Definitely greater than the sum of its influences."
,Recommended,274520,22772998,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Charx,Once you have the guns you pretty much own the woods. Early game is more tense while you're scavenging for things and finding clues. World is randomly generated as well which is pretty much all I need for replayability. 10/10 would cower in the corner with my spiked board again
,Recommended,274520,34143548,Posted: 10 August,all,Evilmonky3,"Fantastic.I haven't played a horror game that made me actually anxious in years, and this one hits pretty damn hard.What I would like to see is a bit more of a random element added to the game. Having multiple house layouts, ratherthan simply rotating it, maybe a few different upgrade choices to switch between when you start a new game, andmore random events at night. I was able to figure out the game's scare patterns at night pretty quickly, so I'd reallylike to see them have different events as possibilities.For example, during the first night, the game opens a door near you (no enemy or anything) and it's still ♥♥♥♥in scary, but I know there won't be any actual threat during the first night. Since it's the first night, having no threat is a good idea, but maybe change up what scary (non-threatening) thing happens. Maybe there are noises outside the house, or maybe something walks by one of the windows (visibly) if they aren't boarded up.Just my thoughts. Otherwise, this game is fantastic; nerve-wracking as hell."
,Recommended,274520,34758977,Posted: 5 September,all,Th3BFG,"This is the best game I've played in a long time. The story is interesting and mysterious. The atmosphere instills a sense of dread in increasingly intense ways. The enemy design is great. Nothing feels overly repetitive. The choices you make actually change the course of the game too. I felt as if my play-through was unique to how my personality was affected by the games characters and horrors.I'm not usually into scary games. The jump scares feel cheap and the excessive gore isn't scary. This game had neither. It uses sounds to put you into an unsettled mood. It uses limited visibility to instill a sense of paranoia. It uses ever increasing threats to make sure you don't get comfortable. When you think you have a grasp, the game throws multiple elements at you just to prove that you're weak and a plaything for the forest.I love this game. I can't wait to play it again. I tell everyone I know about it."
76561197985748505,Recommended,274520,33947725,Posted: 1 August,all,Arcados ~ The ArcWolf,"Great game with a weird very dark storyline. With some multiple choices of story and overall foreboding atmosphere, definitely an awesome game to get and enjoy"
76561197975566044,Recommended,274520,35097976,Posted: 20 September,all,ZeKe,"*Best enjoyed playing without watching kr reading ANY youtube videos for like the first 20 mins of gameplay*This is a great game. I bought it back in 2015 and now I finished it in 2017 when they released the full game, boy am I glad I waited for them to finish it.The game's strongest aspects are the visuals and sounds foremost. Its high definition pixel art with a touch of hand frawn art. When you speak to a major npc the game pulls you into this dialogue screen, when you talk to the ""wolfman"" You literally see him up close and the twisted artwork can be jarring yet intriguingThe game really rewards exploration. You need to go out and scavenge for supplies while pursuing the main storyline and then hide out in your base during the night.The combat mechanics for melee can get some getting use to (ya gatta wind up an attack and swing or use a quick, but weaker attack) Gunplay is pretty straightforward.Its one of the few horror games that rely on visuals and sound vs jumpscares if that helps."
,Recommended,274520,22474685,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,DC Cordero,Unforgiving yet addicting... Puts your survival skills to the test like no other game.
,Recommended,274520,34769743,Posted: 5 September,all,HansSanitizer,It's nice to see an open world crafting game with some darkness and story progression.
,Recommended,274520,35109900,Posted: 21 September,all,asbeen,"Awesome game, very disturbing, would definitely recommend it !"
,Recommended,274520,33888737,Posted: 29 July,all,magnusprohero,The game is unique for its top-down survival horror game even when in early acsess and I'm glad on how far it has got whit just 3 pepole. I'm glad that they made it so far with a well made game. Well done Acidwizard studio.
76561197963728385,Recommended,274520,35455068,Posted: 3 October,all,Fen,"Surviver: 27 nights.Darkwood is survival-horror, par-excellence.  It reminds me most of games like Resident Evil 1-3, or more accurately, Silent Hill 1-3.  Add to this the fun of trying to secure your hideout each night and survive whatever unnamed horrors, or paranormal events, that come to visit. This game will leave you guessing.The gameplay cycle breaks down into 3 parts. Explore during the day and gather supplies to help you survive. Bolster your defences and refine your weapons to last the night. Finally, take your best loot, build high power weapons (because you've been making it through the night, right?) and unravel the main quests that let you progress to the next map.You might not think that a game with a fixed overhead camera can be that frightening, but between the sound design and the brutally limited view, I can honestly say it's been ages since I've felt that kind of panic playing a game.The game can feel incredibly unfair at times, especially when dealing with the full monster-type enemies. But dying only truely sets you back in time; there are enough resources to be found in the game that you can't truly screw yourself long-term.  The game is also brutal about not warning you when you're taking a fork in the story; don't assume there is only one way to advance. I tried to do a 'good' playthrough and during the epilogue I discovered I didn't even come close to doing it perfectly 'good'.  So on top of all that, the replayability is very high."
76561198352296768,Recommended,274520,35444643,Posted: 3 October,all,this_is_petro,">Second night, not many traps, barred the only door with dingy little wardrobe, and my nail board is almost broke.>guessi'lldie.jpeg.>1:00 hits and the door slings open sending the wardrobe skidding across the floor.>Sitting and waiting to get disemboweled by unknown entity.>Can hear growling and footsteps from the hallway but can't see♥♥♥♥♥♥>Morning comes and I had♥♥♥♥♥♥myself so hard that I now have a prolapse.>Thanks Darkwood."
,Recommended,274520,35457432,Posted: 3 October,all,Yang's Lost Arm,20 minutes so far. Already lost a pair of boxers. Get this game.
,Recommended,274520,34171717,Posted: 11 August,all,kyle_rad,"I have been playing this game since around mid 2015 and have seen it evolve into something even better (it was great even back then). It has a very unique vibe and setting that reminds one of the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. series. The animations fit the theme and weapons feel heavy and devastating. If you are looking for a game that combines light survival mechanics (no hunger or thirst micromanagement) with horror and a unique storyline and setting, I firmly believe you should look no further than Darkwood."
76561198215835417,Recommended,274520,34864605,Posted: 10 September,all,watson.dominic,I don't play games much these days but saw this and looked interesting. Its brilliantly immersive and has made me jump more than once. Terrifying. Looking forward to playing more when I get a chance. Great job all involved.
,Recommended,274520,35459351,Posted: 3 October,all,◄ChoZo►,"Likes1.Very dark and atmospheric2.Fantastic animation3.Well designed crafting and inventory system4.A dark plot with great characters5.Minimal punishment for killing NPC's6.Great sound design-Dislikes1.too Scarce of ammo ( I love the gun mechanics and felt they could have been more prevalent)2.A lot of the collectible photos or objects in game seem to do nothing at all, nor contribute to the story.3.No mention of how to save. You just go to the ""Oven"" in any of the hidouts, Click on it, then close out and it will save. Kind of silly in my opinion.Beat the game in 24 hours (spread over a few weeks). Very Impressed with the game overall. I Killed most of the NPC's in the beginning of the game without really doing too many quests and thought I might have fudged it. Appearantly you can do this without spoiling the main content of the game. I was extremely delighted to find that there were 2 chapters and that the second one was even better than the first one, content wise anyway. I loved the weapons, but felt ammo was just a little too scarce for my taste. I felt like if you have the money (rep) you should be able to buy a more reasonable amount of ammo.Overall I reccomend this game to anyone with patience and liking for darker themed games. It's not necessarily a scary game, but certainly an unsettling one that will keep you on your toes.  I give it a 8.5/10"
,Recommended,274520,35483039,Posted: 4 October,all,Cronatic46z,10/10Hard game that provides some spooky spoops.
,Recommended,274520,11543255,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,THRILLHOUSE,Nope Simulator.
,Recommended,274520,12284719,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Sothyroeud,"Great game, very great, but need more chapters :("
,Recommended,274520,13470342,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Oneline,"I see a great potential in this game. It reminds me about good old times.Pretty hardcore oldschool gameplay, horrifying atmosphere (in a good meaning of this word).I recommend this game to all horror lovers."
76561197975150655,Recommended,274520,34415200,Posted: 22 August,all,Wildsleven,"Darkwood is a tense, immersive and unique top down survival horror game, at night time you spend your time fortifying your hideouts for potential invaders and demons. At day time you're tasked to explore the world in order to discover new locations and secrets to further progress the main story line.Unlike other horror games where they rely on jump scares, Darkwood immerse the players with intense atmosphere. The audio effects, the world and NPCs creates a beautiful yet creepy, terrifying world for us to imagine and explore in. I got the game when it first came out on early access, and have continously gone back to play it every major content update. The final version has come a long way and deserves to be played by anyone who is even remotely interested in the horror genre!"
,Recommended,274520,11440765,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,~GSW~ JumpyJump,"Darkwood is a deeply atmospheric, punishing adventure survival game, with a surreal and dark Eastern European theme. For being a top-down game, it has gorgeous graphics that make the most light and shadow to give the game world texture, and the visuals are backed up by excellent and skillfully used sound effects that give you a reason to turn up your speakers. Gameplay is harsh, and random, and a healthy dose of caution is required doing most anything. It's a good game to play around in the sandbox or pursue the story elements, but which ever you do, it will be a shadowy and blood-soaked nightmare of an experience. I'd recommend this game to anyone who likes horror, adventure, survival or RPG games, or any mix of them. The difficulty IS an acqired taste though, be forewarned.So far in Early Access, I've experienced no crashes and only a few minor to moderate bugs. Darkwood is up there in the ranks of Early Access games who had their♥♥♥♥♥♥together before they came on Steam."
,Recommended,274520,13750508,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Mulkrinkendov,"I really love this game, and would recommend it to anyone who loves playing games where you gather resources and try to escape darkwood during the day, and at night, cower in the corner, and pray for morning light, as your barricades are bashed to splinters by a mutated humanoid.10/10"
,Recommended,274520,12058665,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Motherfucking Jojo Reference,Found a pig monster made out of cancerous mounds. That was a good fap night.My♥♥♥♥♥♥10
,Recommended,274520,15659412,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Reyla,Darkwood though in early development is now one of my favorite games of all time.Pros:1. Scary2. Awesome The Last Of Us-like crafting system3. Fantastic NPC characters4. Challenging enemies5. Large and adventurous map6. Awesome weapon play7. Wolfman8. Fun and smart puzzles and quests9. Interactable objects10. Barricadeable objectsBoth Pro And Con:1. Difficulty curve on enemies: I love how it's a hard game and it should stay that way but it does get frustraiting at times2. No hunger systemCons:1. Missing a bit of information when you play is never said again2. Buggy woodsaw
,Recommended,274520,34684618,Posted: 2 September,all,The Cuddly Assassin,This is an amazing horror game.No jump scares. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ myself at the suspense and the severely ♥♥♥♥ed up setting which just gets more horrifying as you play.10/10 would get ♥♥♥♥ed by a human spider again.
76561198055948182,Recommended,274520,34538314,Posted: 27 August,all,trevkellogg,"Highly immersive, mysterious, tense, and creepy - a throughly enjoyable horror game."
,Recommended,274520,34335075,Posted: 18 August,all,DeathbyHighKick,"When a game has the ability to hit you right in the feels within the first couple of minutes, you know you're experiencing something special."
76561197984593208,Recommended,274520,15797047,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Mordimer,"My previous view on this game changed for the better :). Alpha 7 really done great for this game and its good that the game is still in developement.pros:- hard but rewarding- added tutorial- more content like crafting, better storyline npc's and monsters- many concerns were adressed: now firearms work well and controls are more responsive- sense of being lostcons:- many useless items that have no purpose usually from previous installments of the game that can confuse players- the night mechanic was better in the past, you could choose to wander in the dark, hide near creek or in abandoned house in forest and now you NEED to stay in hideout just not to die. Now when everything in night survival is well figured out, a night is just plain boring.Generally, if you find this game in indie bundle of some sort for 5 bucks then buy, if not then probably wait for more content."
76561198007313568,Recommended,274520,33691293,Posted: 21 July,all,joesfoundry,couple mins in and already freakin me out
76561198021530025,Recommended,274520,28886873,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Grovmel,"When i first started the game up, i did not care for the intro gameplay and went straight in to the actuall game. On day two i encountered a red chomper and thought it was a random newbie creature and died the same night or so by banshee babies. I thought the game was to freaking hard and gave it a negative thumbs down and some rambling review comments. But i was wrong, the game is doable.It is still a very hard game, that casual players will find problematic to rush through. But that is a good thing, that some people dare to make games that does not target every possible gamer out there, in order to make money.A problem that consists with many ""similar"" games, is that random will kill you. In this game, there is such a good enough mixture of random and none random, that you can not blame the game entirely when you screw up.This is a solid game though still in alpha. There are a few bug issues but i have not seen anything close to major. My only beef with the game so far is some lag after a particular encounter. But i hope that is something that is due to it still being alpha.Anyone who likes survival horror games should have this one. It might not be a game for the average gamer or gamers that are mostly in to action."
76561198028075563,Recommended,274520,34406600,Posted: 21 August,all,Mr. Goodcat,"Great horror game, totally worth it if you are looking for a somewhat slow, yet very atmospheric experience.Could use a bit more polishing.8/10"
76561198095793015,Recommended,274520,34314877,Posted: 17 August,all,Reinmard,"Great atmosphere, challenging and refreshing.Also great developers who got their product out of EA as they promised, and unlike others."
76561198015701447,Recommended,274520,34638979,Posted: 31 August,all,Genghis,Ｉｔ＇ｓ　ｐｒｅｔｔｙ　ｇｏｏｄ．
76561198105916761,Recommended,274520,12783418,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Scheffboy R D,"Ridiculously intense, challenging, and pretty creepy. Gold Star  10 over 10 -Schefftacular"
,Recommended,274520,12940181,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,White Rabbit,Surviving the night was never this fun... and terrifying
,Recommended,274520,34534901,Posted: 27 August,all,zaryuta,"Despite I'm struggling to do any meaningful attempts in combat using gamepad, this game deserves to be recommended due to brilliant atmosphere and thought put into it."
,Recommended,274520,34410014,Posted: 22 August,all,Apple Crack,"Probably one of the scariest games I have played. If you enjoy horror and survivale elements, its a must play. Keep those lights on..."
,Recommended,274520,34331814,Posted: 18 August,all,JSU_2,I can't believe I got this two years ago. I don't regret it one bit.
,Recommended,274520,34409092,Posted: 21 August,all,PeekAHchu,"This game can put you on edge, especially the nights when you dont know whats coming.Must play for anyone looking for a good quality horror game, especially horror lovers!"
76561198087256802,Recommended,274520,16748899,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Sir pugsworth pugington,Bring lots of spare underwear. You will need them.This game is damn scary and very intence at time. Like Don't starve but scarier and a lot harder.Would highly recomend to fans of the horror genre.
76561197998167513,Recommended,274520,25395539,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,EK ¦ Zodiak,"Midnight. You can't see anything other than gas, that somehow keep save your life from something in the night : ""Thank God I found this stick during the day and has scored some nails into it. I heared something moves outside a few seconds ago. Wait...Who just broke my barricade?? Oh my god, something inside of my house...It searches....Oh no, looks like it coming to my room. God, THE DOOR! AAH , IT TRYING TO BREAK THE DOOR *The door was broken* ... Aaaah, what the f**k are you?!.. GET AWAY FOR ME!!! GET AWAA..."" *dead*gameplay in brief^It's amazing horror game with awesome atmosphere (I repeat,  that atmosphere... ma dude!)"
,Recommended,274520,11891656,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,MisterJar,"This game is awesome, nice characters, alot to explore, rpg elements, awesome. Getting trap in your own dark hideout and hope you dont die. 9/10"
76561198043064630,Recommended,274520,11543851,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,PFC Besten [2RB],This game.......this game.........this game is horrifying not only does it make you feel stranded and afraid but it has MANY suprises that you can't really find out til you get ingame. This game is a serious 10/10.
,Recommended,274520,11990356,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Maga,Gotta hate the first night.
,Recommended,274520,14492610,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,DullΔhan,"Well made game, even though it's in alpha. 10/10 would bang... i mean would play... yeah, play... ehehh"
76561198056355740,Recommended,274520,15211276,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,thecookierebel,"WHATthis is a surreal psychological horror game where you survive the wierd world that is darkwoodSTORYthe story is interesting and and quite dark ,but is just the first chapterCOMBATthe combat is tricky at first you aren't supposed to run in and buttonmash that will get you killed faster than you can say ""f*ck off!!!!!"". It is ment to be strategic and slow paced you attack when you have the opportunity: get one hit in, gtfo and wait for another chanceDAY/NIGHTnow the biggest thing about this game that makes it interesting is the day/night cycle. In the day you scavange for supplies and fuel to keep your hideout in shape and your generator running so you can progress to the next area and hideout. At night however it varies from nothing happening at all to your furniture flying all over the place to savages breaking down your baracedesDIFFICULTYat first it has a steep learning curve and i would suggest watching a lets play if you are held back by this, however if you are awesome you will just learn it through either trial and error or the wiki page in another tab while you are playingDEVSconstent updates keeps the game alive with gameplay changes bugfixes and overhauls the dev team has done a great job with keeping it fresh and i can't wait to see the full versionTHIS GAME IS AWESOME BUY IT NOW!!!!"
,Recommended,274520,11403557,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Ultima Tiger,"i have been eagerly awaiting this game for some time now, all the trailers made it look like an amazing horror game(this is the first trailer i saw around a year ago)i am only a few hours in and i already restarted once because i was on day 4 and i had gotten myself killed in stupid ways every day and thus i had not even experienced the night time yet.....on my second play i have been a LOT more careful, i looked outside with torch on the first night and was almost killed by some kind of sword wielding monster i survived by running around my house like a chicken with its head cut off(after failing to even get close enough to hit it with a torch) and even around my house until day came. then the second night after i drank water i sat in a corner next to the door to the outside in the dark and waited, listening to the creatures wander around outside no weapons except 1 Molotov and some matches and an almost out torch. then the door slowly creaked open, i quickly slammed the door closed and ran further inside and hid next to the second door, my heart literally pounding, i did not hear any footsteps, although i could hear some kind of ethereal moan.... suddenly this door too flies open, i slam it closed and see a life bar appear on the bottom of my screen i run through the third door(that i had just repaired before night fall) and i pull out my torch to get a look at whatever is hunting me, it looks like some kind of slow moving shadow creature, as i start to figure out which way i am going to escape day breaks and the creature vanishes. i don't know if i have ever been more revealed while playing a video game in my life. i had to pause and go get a glass of water to calm me down.i am going camping tonight.... maybe i should have waited to start this game till i got back"
76561198128135246,Recommended,274520,11403970,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Bane,If you love atmospheric horror game then this is the game for you.Amazing game I cant even explain how good this game isJust buy it!!! :D
76561198056362944,Recommended,274520,15722800,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Necrohst,"This is one of the best horror games i have played in a while. It's lovecraft inspired aura and atmosphere really sell this game. From masses of gaping flesh, to giant mutant pigs, to just simple insanity from within your character, this game has no lack of horror elements and even possesses sever RPG and Rogue like qualities.There are several things i would recommend adding to this game is more of those qualities such as more improvements on the house or even things like rescuing survivors and having them help fight with you at night in your house. The desolate feel of the game hooks you in from the beginning but wears on your attention later on so some companions would really help maintain a sense of progress aswell as some inspiration to keep going.Also the story is not lackluster by any means but once you get past a certain part of the game, it just becomes cryptic and i end up feeling unmotivated to progress through it when I find the exploration and NPC sidequest's far more engaging.Overall 666/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥pants at night againKeep it coming"
76561198020417901,Recommended,274520,34540972,Posted: 27 August,all,Crowbi,Impressively creepy and atmospheric for a top-down view game.+ No jump scares.Definitely recommend it!
76561198142226874,Recommended,274520,34682583,Posted: 2 September,all,SinGulaR,"THis guys behind the game are more amazing than the Game(Darkwood) itself. Thats why i purchased the game, and i am here to EXTREAMELY Recommend it to anyone who read this.Darkwood Worth >> bunch of $10/10"
,Recommended,274520,34811020,Posted: 8 September,all,Aphrodisiac,This game will ♥♥♥♥ you up.
76561197976592894,Recommended,274520,34787827,Posted: 6 September,all,breakn2stuff,Good game. Not even the biggest fan of survival horror and this one kept me interested.
76561198029011293,Recommended,274520,34638142,Posted: 31 August,all,Ryth,"I don't review games ever but I wanted to show support for the devs for their goodwill and for taking a stand in favour of the industry, that alone is worth a buy.Thank you."
76561198049097857,Recommended,274520,34346124,Posted: 19 August,all,[KSG]Darkassassin,"I only played an hour or so but this game is already one of my favorite horrors. It keeps this strange eerie atmosphere and doesn't have any cheap jumpscares. The soundtrack of this game is amazing, really giving you the feeling of dread or a light soft piano to ease your shaken mind. The fist night i couldnt find or make a weapon so i hid in a corner praying for the morning to arrive quickly. I also forgot to turn on the generator so my entire house was pitch black, unable to see or defend myelf i was pretty scared to say the least. Not long after the darkness hit i heard scratching, first outside my house, then my front door, and then in the kitchen. My bedroom door slowly opened and let out this ominous creaking, my heart sank. I rushed to the door slammed it shut and put my desk in front of it. The day came and i let out a long sigh, suprised my heart could take it. This is a keeper for sure, its just really unique to me. I rate this 10/10 in its current state i don't have anything to complain about. It's also 10% off for a bit so why not give it a shot?"
76561198080698498,Recommended,274520,12336143,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,StarxStone,Darkwood is a suprisingly scary overhead view horror game. Currently theres still much more needed to be added to the game and some of it feels like you get more perks if you kill everyone but wolf man. Dont kill wolf man hes awesome. Its a good game but wait a bit before you buy it. Its taking but a minute to add more content.
,Recommended,274520,34899489,Posted: 12 September,all,Rana,"Pirated the game through official torrent and at first it felt like its just another PR stunt to promote the game or make people buy this game just to show support but it turn out game is bloody good, perfect for my taste who also hate jump-scare fest ""horror"" game like developers.This game define genre that ""F.E.A.R"" once put a milestone (though it was FPS and this one is not) that is ""tense"" game rely heavy on tense atmosphere and boy they bloody nailed it.P.S: Don't judge my play time, I actually spend over 20+ hour into this game via pirated version."
,Recommended,274520,34228714,Posted: 13 August,all,Triggerhappy,"This is one hell of a game. Its dark, flat out horrifying sometimes, but most importantly, its fun."
,Recommended,274520,34348135,Posted: 19 August,all,Shillz,"An extremely immersive horror experience. Well done gameplay mechanics, soundtrack, and art. Subtle story ala Dark Souls as well.After finishing the story, I'm left wondering what was real, and what was in my head."
,Recommended,274520,14996202,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Canyoncl,"Ok, I am editing my review due to some negative reviews I have seen (Not many, but for people reading those some extra information is important.). Darwood is one of my favorite games. It is atmospheric, downright terrifying at times (My original review is at the bottom of this one talks a bit about this, it contains a couple spoilers but nothing too specific and it was meant to be more on the humorous side.) and the sound design is absolutely stunning. The FOV system really adds to the tension of the game. Now this game is already amazing! I have played through the game 3 times and loved it every time! If you like the concept support the developers! There are only 3 wizards on the project right now and they can't do everything quickly. Great games take time, some of the most popular game have multimillion dollar budgets with teams consisting of 100s of people. The darkwood team is only 3 people, don't yell and scream at them for not releasing your game early, this is THEIR passion project and early access is not a ""Get the game early"" it is a ""Play the game early, and give feedback for the final release."" I think the progress they have made is amazing considering the number of people working on the game.My original review is here if you want to read it:Warning: Contains minor spoilersWell I just barely finished the lynx quest, went through the doctors house and...Holy crap the roots. The roots fill me with raw fear. I don't understand it, in darkwood there is monsters whose entire BODY is split apart to reveal sharp teeth. And the roots scare me more. Why? Because I don't understand them, I don't know where they come from. I don't know how to beat them. The entire underground is filled with roots. Thats what it means, and that fills me with fear. Going into the church basement is also scary. But not as scary as the roots, the fear of the unknown. And this is why Darkwood is my favorite horror game:It has made me scared of trees."
76561198285267554,Recommended,274520,34370235,Posted: 20 August,all,Zero ( ゼロ ),"very good game !addicted to the game , so survavilist and also scary !but when you play the game too much , you know too much what you need to do , i wish that the game can make lots of differences everytime you start the game ..overall its pretty good horror game , recommended !"
,Recommended,274520,11551940,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Ermergewd / Spanky,"My review to DarkwoodSo what makes Darkwood different from other games that strive to unsettle you? Well, for starters, Darkwood doesn’t hinge on jump-inducing surprise-scares for its sense of tension (though it promises its fair share of these moments, anyways). Instead, Darkwood places you in a procedurally generated forest in a deeply twisted perversion of Soviet Russia. From there, the game’s dismal lighting, grotesque ambiance, and overall eerie atmosphere create the horror themselves.darkwood horror survival game gameplayIn other words, Darkwood doesn’t rely on cheap scare tactics and bursts of adrenaline to generate its terror. Darkwood’s brand of fear is the type that starts as a knot of unease in your stomach, a knot that grows tighter with each door you push slowly open, with every backwards glance and each spectral groan that floats out of the fog. Darkwood doesn’t try to scare you in the traditional Western sense – it tricks you into scaring yourself.Of course, we can’t talk about innovation in the genre without looking into the very thing that made the game stand out to me in the first place – its choice of perspective. Where most horror games seek to attach you to the protagonist by making you look through their eyes, Darkwood is the embodiment of detachment. You look down on your character from above, your line of sight limited to the swath of your flashlight beam.This means that behind you, inside buildings, anywhere that your light can’t reach, is blanketed in darkness. Nightmarish things lurk outside the light, things that you will be forced to encounter as you drift through the corrupted forest. Whether or not you survive these brushes with the frightful unknown is entirely up to you.What Else?In addition to the top-down view, Darkwood introduces some more interesting ideas. Its design has been inspired by rogue-like, adventure, and role-playing games alike, giving it a unique and nuanced feel that it seems only indie games can achieve these days.Its diverse inspirations give Darkwood a well-rounded approach to the genre, providing something enticing for every flavor of gamer. Its RPG roots have inspired the developers to include a skill-tree to the game, allowing character diversification and specialization. The looting and crafting systems are reminiscent of many survival games, from Minecraft to Fortnite, but are presented in their own uniquely gritty ways.My Rating8/10"
,Recommended,274520,35245943,Posted: 27 September,all,Spookeon ♥,"I'm gonna get this out of the way early - not a big horror game person. They dont really do much for me.This game is something special.Darkwood is one of the best mind♥♥♥♥s I've ever played. Ever. It's a psychological, top down horror game. Where you control a ♥♥♥♥ed up dude ♥♥♥♥ing up some ♥♥♥♥ed up dudes looking to ♥♥♥♥ you up, dude. Or atleast, that's the bread and butter.Behind interest scavenging elements, fun and tense combat, and a really, REALLY interesting world. This game is friggin' scary. Like, really scary. And i think a huge part of that is the atmosphere.  Between the incredible ambient music, the twisted sound effects these (probably literally) insane devs managed to make, Darkwood is really good at making you feel unsafe, and uneased, all the time. To the point that those moments of safety are more satisfying than actually killing the monsters.My thoughts..? Buy this game if you hate yourself and never want to feel safe at your computer ever again!"
,Recommended,274520,34648548,Posted: 31 August,all,Deadnight,"Uploading the torrent: true altruism or ingenious marketing ploy?Either way, I wish to reward this behavior.Buy and recomend.(Bonus: the game actually seems pretty cool)"
76561198020085437,Recommended,274520,11394968,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Nokzen,"Crafting, exploration, NPC's, scares, Story, Random generated worlds, it just seems this game has it all.This little game got so much potential, I cant wait to play it some more, it really pleasently surprised me, i can only recommend anyone that likes some top-down horror to pick this title up. Check it out!http://youtu.be/GngsMjNDZ5w"
76561197971200127,Recommended,274520,34336920,Posted: 18 August,all,Awesome!,This is already my favorite horror game ever.
,Recommended,274520,34377416,Posted: 20 August,all,honelith,I now sleep with the light on at night.All 15 of them. I may need more...
76561198086072638,Recommended,274520,15457545,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,c.bundy99,"This game is very unforgiving and difficult. Every mistake can lead to your death again and again. There are times where I just want to throw my laptop across the room. But this is what I like about it, how I struggle to stay alive every day and night. But once I gather enough supplies, I go through each day with ease. I almost feel like I'm invincible and that feels good after all the fails. But this game always finds a way to bring you down.Overall: If you like a challenge, the fear of something killing you in the middle of the night, and mystery then this game is for you."
76561198086732699,Recommended,274520,22229183,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Moses,This game defines my life. 8/8
,Recommended,274520,22228656,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Chonto,Lots of content to explore and creepy/difficult as Hell. Very much worth buying.
76561198045502107,Recommended,274520,25186291,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,XxPatrickPoPpXx,"Darkwood is a great game. I love the horror aspect to it, and I'm also a big fan of survival games like this. Survival with a horror twist is an awesome combination!I know it's in early alpha right now, but if you think you might enjoy the game here is what it's like in it's current state:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=svTtHAgAPgsIf you think you'd have a blast with it go for it! I've almost done everything there is to do in the current version so I'm thinking of putting in on the back burner until a new area has dropped, but there is a lot to do before you get to the point I am!"
,Recommended,274520,34376446,Posted: 20 August,all,C-zom,"Darkwood is a top-down survival/horror/semi-sandbox that has a lot of game design choices borrowed from Stalker, Dark Souls, Sunless Sea and even the fundamentals of the ""survival"" niche. While you might find that recipe on the Steam page every ten games, what none of its peers have on Darkwood is atmosphere. This game bombards you with a mournful, dreadful air that never lets off the gas. Respecting both your intelligence, visual taste, and ability to pick up subtleties is what makes it such an engaging experience to people who like grit in their horror games, and nothing that is too colorful or playful or even shocking. You won't encounter a single jumpscare here.Rating: 5/5, my personal favorite game of 2017 so far. Worth it for the asking price, and any self respecting horror fan that appreciates atmosphere and substance over shock and gore should pick it up.Pros:*The combat is satisfying, the breadth of the maps is just enough to promote exploration and intrigue, the story beats are cryptic and sinister (they remind me of sunless sea's writing and style) and the day/night cycle is the best I've seen in a game besides Shadows of Chernobyl.*Atmosphere is somewhere between The Zone and Lothric. Occultism, monstrous mutants and supernatural phenomena all blend together.*In the AMA the lead developer Gustaw said he had to learn sound design from scratch. This /has/ to be a lie, because everything from the crunchy melee hits to the horrific monsters are pro jobs.*Once you get to the second and third biomes, you start to realize how insanely scary night time can be.Cons:*Early game drags, and can be a poor introduction to confused or hasty players.*Could absolutely use context, control and mechanic tutorials for the unitiated in the subgenre.*Pacing between chapters story-wise is radically different, showcasing how it took five years of inconsistent writing to finish them alpha by alpha.*Unquestionably needs some more quality of life and breadth of content. Would like to be able to build/repair furniture, have a static TV or radio of my own at night to listen to, some things to do that keep me located in the hideout even if its a farm of wormy potatos to do once a day.---In Darkwood you take control of a nameless protagonist and have to scavenge an (initially randomized) map of three biomes in order to survive. There is no hunger or thirst, just what you can build and take with you to maintain your nightly supply of generator gas to keep the monsters away, and nails/boards/weapons and ammo to survive the nights. Because while you can roam the map and encounter random hostiles with a meaty and difficult combat engine in daylight, at night time, you have to barricade your windows, slide furniture in front of gaps and just wish to survive. Rather than focusing on jumpscares, Darkwood will assail you with a dozen varieties of enemies and meta-events at night that will creep you out and also probably kill you.In day, the game feels a lot like Stalker. Named NPC's can be interacted with and have side quests and agendas of their own. Inbetween these milestone places are horrifying mutants, loose dogs and wolves, and some more supernatural enemies. Progressively each biome is pushed over to the next, much like the navigation from cordon -> garbage -> the bar etc in STALKER. While not entirely linear, it is less sandbox and more a survival/horror experience with guideposts on the story.The sound design is terrific and the minimal use of intense music and horrific noises from the dark really help to unsettle you, especially since you can only view in a 90 degree cone (whats not seen is greyed out, and you can't see enemies perfectly in a radius so they often sneak up on you.)The story is an unusual one of minimalism and style over substance, but some unnerving choices help to present the moral ambiguity of the world. I did a few things because I was told to by the only character I knew at the time, and only later found they were optional and another, ""cleaner"" path was possible. But it was too late. Much like my playthrough with Darkwood I was too brutalized, unfocused, and defeated. What happened happened.In summary if you like your survival horror games to be complete with an unnerving atmosphere of occultism and corrupted mutation, like the idea of being in ""The Zone"" again but this time with trees, always wanted a game in this niche to truly have terrifying night cycles, and have patience to respect both the slow pace and drip feed of upgrades and weapons, than this game is for you. Any self respecting horror fan who appreciates the slow burn will find in Darkwood my personal favorite game of 2017."
,Recommended,274520,22028001,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Sarinsque,"Alpha 7.2Currently a overwhelming game thats is being developed all the time, I was really impressed with the devolpers work and I belive its been one of my best games ever played!"
,Recommended,274520,23236116,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,SuCu,"Hmmm, I'm too lazy to write a long review.Sooooo...+Game is hard not for everyone+Cool Story and unforgettable characters.+Fitting soundtracks and great Atmosphere+Nice gameplay and artstyle.+late game nights can be really fun with all the gear you have with big amount of monsters and events.+Exploring the map is pretty fun. yet to play chapter2 tho-Edited:Nights are not easy at all now, this review was from early times of alpha. and nights are getting harder by the each day so be quick about what you'r doing.-Update schedules are pretty long. Prob. bec there's only 3 people in the dev. teamedit: again its out now.Allthrough I reccommend this game. Its definitely a worth money spend.+this game is for hardcore players, not light gamers that only has limited time for gaming. one startup can eat your whole 3h."
76561198008116637,Recommended,274520,24867741,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Werewolf Gene,"I have to say it a very fun, scary and challenge on this game. Night time you got to either leave traps or hide and hope that nothing break into the room your in, and the way how the land is tricky. One game turn might be nothing and the next turn you might be chace down by random stuff... LIKE A DEER! So I give this THUMBS UP for this game, only thing I am lil said it the updates are slow but that about it."
76561198056614730,Recommended,274520,22985607,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,x1000000,10/10 made hiding in a dark room fun
,Recommended,274520,23345256,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,HealPleaseHeal,"Darkwood has been one of those games that gets better with time. I remember beginning playing the game at Alpha stage 5 and it was good then. As time has passed the game has gotten bigger, better and more intense. I've put in about 8 hours into the game and even though that may not sound as much, it's been one of those games that you don't need a lot of time in it to enjoy it.Check out a series I did below. From Alpha 5 to 7.2https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLofl_epuU4dowosjEn8CKd-QAps5zVp5Z"
,Recommended,274520,34428134,Posted: 22 August,all,Enderpwner112,haha what a story mark
76561198048368852,Recommended,274520,15909201,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,C0mrade,Great freaking game. True essence of survival horror from a hide and go swing an axe in your face perspective.
76561198069739517,Recommended,274520,12823845,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,theshinrabansho,They made me kill my puppy Q~QWHY!!! WHY!!!! WHHHHHHHHHHHYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!10/10 would kill him again......
,Recommended,274520,16804589,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Darkness,crazy fun but it does need some more clues on what to do but overall its amazing
,Recommended,274520,12453902,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,ANOREXIC TURKEY,thow very fun also very hard i've had the game since 1.2 and I just beat it like 2 days ago so if you are looking for a hard survival game here it is
,Recommended,274520,28495828,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,YIPPY THE YOUNG GOD,just like my dream............
76561198077570054,Recommended,274520,16815096,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Jaguar Faced Man,this is easily one of the best purchases i have ever made on steam and its only in alpha. it combines perceduraly generated environments with crafting and horror and still manages to be terrifyin. 7/7
76561198215873983,Recommended,274520,19227466,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Mu,I have spent 17 hours on this game in the last 24 hours. Great game!
,Recommended,274520,34537730,Posted: 27 August,all,relish,its really scary
76561198038291837,Recommended,274520,24980834,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,MonstrousGirlie,"This game is incredible. One of the few games I consider to be truly scary. Bewary buying it though, that updates are EXTREMELY SLOW. But even in it's unfinished state it's still great, and future updates look to be amazing."
76561198035663093,Recommended,274520,34440174,Posted: 23 August,all,Archaon the Neverchosen,"It took a little while(and I actually refunded it after playing for an hour or so, before buying it a day later out of boredom and after seeing some youtubers playing it, and boy am I glad I did), but this game is not only atmospherically horrifying, but the story is pretty great as well. I would reccomend at least getting to the second area before passing any serious judgement though, as that's where most of the story starts to kick off.Solid 8/10, only complaints are the lack of buildable barricades otuside of windows and doors, and that some of the enemies are really ♥♥♥♥ing tough to kill without a lot of combat skill and top tier weapons."
,Recommended,274520,16374460,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,CartoonFreack,is good i lke it now i get an achievement butt realy its fun and sp00kies buy it now do iit
,Recommended,274520,19700638,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,JesseFun,"great game, worf the $14.99 and moar."
76561198088517085,Recommended,274520,34361510,Posted: 19 August,all,andreazedda80,Nice game. Very very scary!
76561198103760581,Recommended,274520,34344190,Posted: 18 August,all,skinhub.com Olas,"Great game, playing along with a friend over discord, loving every minute of it, althought I do wish the game had co-op and would really like to see it in the future, would make the game 1000x better than it already is, all in all, amazing game, tons of content, and truly spooky."
,Recommended,274520,34400487,Posted: 21 August,all,alp,weird and wonderful.
,Recommended,274520,34528850,Posted: 27 August,all,S K Ξ Z I X X,A very unique take on the survival horror genre with some of the scariest atmosphere I've encountered in a game in the last few years.I strongly recommend it to anyone looking for a more open type of survival horror.
76561198084823201,Recommended,274520,35035918,Posted: 17 September,all,Pulowski,An unforgettable journey into the pit of psychological hell
76561198002532813,Recommended,274520,34555419,Posted: 28 August,all,kancho anego,♥♥♥♥ this game! I am a man! MAN! ♥♥♥♥ you making me question my manhood!......Totally would squeal like a little girlyman again!
,Recommended,274520,34336467,Posted: 18 August,all,Darwo25,Just buy it... BUY IT!!
,Recommended,274520,34370983,Posted: 20 August,all,Cryalone,"Game is amazingly scary, with amazing athmosphere, you wanted scary game like this ? try it out its worth 9$ but at first i have to tell you... wtf was that sound ?"
76561198049117483,Recommended,274520,34382620,Posted: 20 August,all,alecdeshotels,"By far, the scariest game I've ever played. The setting is so compelling, that I based a Pathfinder campaign on it. I don't recommend the permadeath setting on your first playthrough though. The prologue is an ok tutorial, but a lot of the fun is in figuring out how to survive certain situations, which will require some trial and error. I had a lot of trouble figuring out how to reload a gun, it's the R key btw."
,Recommended,274520,34203067,Posted: 12 August,all,Disconnected,The game is creepy. The game is eerie. The game is spoopy. The game is good.
76561198042434115,Recommended,274520,24706514,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,BBoY ﺲﻜﻳﻮﺗ,i love this game  so  mutch
,Recommended,274520,29308690,Posted: 16 January,all,HOT ROSS BUNS,Yummy! 6/6
,Recommended,274520,34329673,Posted: 18 August,all,Fang,I haven't beaten this game. I doubt I ever will. 10/10 Horror Game
,Recommended,274520,14431528,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Esesa,Awesome game. It took me awhile to get into but once I got the hang of it it's a really great game.
76561198420082139,Not Recommended,274520,35501568,Posted: 5 October,all,endiinc,"The only thing I don't like about this game is how often you have to go back to your starting house... It really, really, really gets old. Very quickly. Other than that, every aspect I enjoy. The simplicity is great, maybe a few tweaks to controls later on would help.I love the atmosphere, it genuinely does make you feel nervous when you are walking around. But I found too many tedious trips resulting in a full inventory every time you go out, and then have to return, to be quite boring. If there was more of an explorative feeling I would 100% recommend this game, but due to the very repetitive feeling of it... I just can't get into it. And I really wouldn't recommend it to my friends because I don't know anyone who wants to repeat the same meaningless tasks over and over and over in the very beginning of a game. I'm a fan of survival games, and am used to this.. But the way they have it implimented in the game, for me just isn't right."
76561198071904470,Recommended,274520,14523570,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,H3adHunt3r,Excellent Atmosphere and has great potential as a survival horror RPG.
76561198060535143,Recommended,274520,15755711,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Checster1999,Amazing !
76561197977895317,Recommended,274520,15676216,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,NightShadow,"Great game... that said, it has some serious balancing issues. (I assume that will be addressed in the finished game) Also needs better check point system... starting out at the other side of the map after you die can make you put the game down ASAP."
,Recommended,274520,11550028,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Gad,"Explore. Run into dogs/creatures. Die to dogs/creatures. Lose all your mushrooms so that you can't get perks, and lose durability on weapons which makes it so that you can't explore anymore. Keep using supplies to make new weapons. Keep dying because ""exploring is fun"". Run out of supplies. Can't find any new supplies because you die 12 seconds in when looking for new locations. Get stuck with no way to explore/fight enemies when exploring. Can't progress through the game.Fun."
76561198060894569,Recommended,274520,11476605,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,MS-14 Gelgoog Type O,"It haves naked hobos with giant sticks, naked hobos that trow rocks as Roger Clemens, giant sentient jaws with tentacles, screamers, dogs that always want to kill you, a furry, a lady covered in chicken poop, a kiddo that plays the violin so bad that is good, a more crazy version of Pee Wee Herman, and magic mushrooms that give you power ups (does this sound familiar to you?). This game is awsome. Even in the alpha state, its a good game. 8/10, but when its finished, it will be a 10/10 (i hope so)."
,Recommended,274520,11526294,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,og_Hypnos,I like turtles.
76561198058925614,Recommended,274520,18169672,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,CrazyGunMan102,1/10 Too many dogs
76561198117045023,Recommended,274520,17652567,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Macavity,funfun
,Recommended,274520,11414480,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,MadeHere,I was axing people and chickens to death. Very fun. Then I was killed by the smoke monster from lost.9/10
,Recommended,274520,13936410,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Poiter,finally a spooky horror game i thurley enjoy
,Recommended,274520,17326994,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Hog,"An amazingly well made title, especially considering the fact that it's still only in alpha.It has a dev team that listens to the community, and realises when they've made hiccups with some changes and proceed to rectify them. This game is everything an early access title should be, it's ambitious without unrealistic promises or deadlines and delivers on a truly unnerving experience, without the jumpscare ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ a lot of current titles feel the need to employ.In my opinion, this game is a solid 8/10 even unfinished, and I urge you to purchase it and support the developers if you're a fan of the survival horror genre."
,Recommended,274520,12158368,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Noriya Katsurou,"Aside from the fact that this game has you hoping you'll live to see the light of the next day, It's fun and unforgiving. i would recommend this to anyone who loves survival horror games."
76561197995506136,Recommended,274520,34526967,Posted: 27 August,all,Joshy Boy,"Granted I've only played 2.6 hours as of writing this review, but what I can say is this game oozes atmosphere. I was a little put off with the survival horror tag, we've had a lot of survival games recently but the story on this is really interesting, there is an end goal rather than just have it as a sandbox. Also its terrifying, I have sweaty palms every night stuck in the corner of a room with a board with nails in it fending for my life."
76561198411574386,Recommended,274520,34418751,Posted: 22 August,all,bbluemaill,"Such a great game, you can just get lost in the environment and story! I would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,274520,34505480,Posted: 26 August,all,Nyaruko,BEST DEV EVER10/10 on of the best indie game i've ever played.
,Recommended,274520,34485560,Posted: 25 August,all,brokenskull101,Honestly i cant play the game because i get mini heart attacks everytime i here a snap of a stick in the woods. 10/10 great game if i wasnt such a wusss
76561198279073157,Recommended,274520,34589643,Posted: 29 August,all,......!,good game
,Recommended,274520,33345243,Posted: 7 July,all,董某人,chinese plz !!!!!
76561198002225656,Recommended,274520,34388358,Posted: 20 August,all,Kodeman,"I hesitated when I saw the screenshots; the top-down view didn't sit well with me. But, the art looked incredible and the devs promised a game that could scare you without the vapid jump-scared that are waaaay too common in the genre these days.Really glad I ""gambled"" on this one. It's addicting, clever, and the atmosphere is perfect.I love horror games, and this is one of the first ones in a long time that really disturbed me to the core. There are moments that are just so unsettling that you can't help but feel like all hope is lost. Which is so great."
76561197997977619,Recommended,274520,34343851,Posted: 18 August,all,Real Ass,GREAT GAME
,Recommended,274520,17802010,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Deo Favente,"Only 1 hour in and already I can see so much promise,Will update the more I play but so far brilliant."
,Recommended,274520,20663604,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Couscousy,I have an entirely separate roll of Saran Wrap in the kitchen to cover my mouse while playing this game because the night is dark and full of terrors.
,Recommended,274520,11395419,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,H4ilking,"i know this game has potential, but i don't know if its the best thing ever right now. It keeps on crashing. If they can fix that, i will LOVE this game."
,Recommended,274520,11896107,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,RopeDrink,"As an old-school gamer from the 80's, I've always had a soft-spot for 2D games - Especially if they cover my favourite genre, survival horror.Dark Wood may not hold your hand or throw an informative intro your way, but you learn enough to understand the situation and environment very early - And it's not a pleasant environment... Not pleasant at all...After being *rescued* by a mysterious *Doctor* during a supposed viral based epidemic (or so we're led to believe, at least in your own mind), you are thrust into a decrepid world where 'surviving' is key. Doing so requires crafting, making the choice between fight or flee, setting up a stronghold/barricade that will need to be prepared in order to fend off the creepy creatures that lurk in the night, and build your character enough that they may eventually brave deeper into the horrible world. Materials will be needed, weapons are mandatory, so there will be no bunkering down for days and hoping things go away - You will have to go out into that awful world - And there is no compass to direct you.Dark Wood is a desperate experience, from sprinting from a quest location towards your home, trying to get to safety before night rolls over the forest, to scavanging during the day only to be met by angry wildlife or vicious humanoids who are far from human.NPC's will open up quests or information when you bring them specific items, yet none of them can be considered 'normal' by any stretch. You can also opt to kill them in cold-blood and ransack their homes, if you are that way inclined. One way or the other, survival is paramount, while exploring and partaking in quests is up to you.The experience as a whole is not so much terrifying as it is permanently creepy, from corpses and destruction dotted all around the random map, to cowering in the corner of your fortified base while monsters roam outside (or even inside) your 'safehouse' while you cry and pray for morning to rise.If you're a fan of the 2D style and enjoy crafting/barricade based survival horror, with a dirty creepy world to explore and the simple fact that running is a VERY valid option over fighting for your life, then you'll love Dark Wood.I'll be watching the growth of this game with interest and can't wait to see what else it adds into the mix."
76561197968074721,Recommended,274520,34847037,Posted: 9 September,all,Uplink,not normally my style of game. but kudos to the makers for taking a step to show they care about those who want to play their game.  purchased to show my support.
76561198042200968,Recommended,274520,35210870,Posted: 25 September,all,Artyom,"I can't wait to see what you people do next.This game was quite a pleasant suprise....Can't believe I saved all that ammo...RIP 18 shotgun shells, and 6 rifle mags."
76561198107910231,Recommended,274520,35213607,Posted: 25 September,all,School Bus | killme.com,"boy oh boy oh boy do I want to talk about this game.I'll keep it short for you guys.To begin with, I bought this game about a year and a half to two years ago. It was in a reaaaaalllllyyyy early alpha. I tried to play, and did, for like 8 hrs, before I got frustrated because there was not a lot of direction. stopped playing for like a full year and a half.Fast forward to a month before full release (I think 9.4) I notice in my store home page that there was a update to this game. I started to get nostalgic and hopped back in.And boy am I glad I did.I was instantly pulled it, more so than before. The storyline had gotten much thicker and the plot was way more developed and intresting. I kept playing and playing, each night in game filled with terror, anxiety, and a deep sprouting love for the game. Eventually I made it to chapter two and stopped playing for like a week or so.But I couldnt stop thinking about it. So again, I got right back into it. To keep free of spoilers I beat the game in about 30 days total, im not sure if that's fast or slow but all I know is I enjoyed every second of it. From start to finish, enemy to friend, betrayal and befriending, I loved it with all my heart.If I was a more official or important person I would without a doubt reccomend this for indie game/overall game of the year. I can't wait to hop back in now that it's officialy finished.10/10"
76561198006600645,Recommended,274520,35205815,Posted: 25 September,all,Shades,"I'm over 20 hours into the game, still on chapter one.  Really enjoying it so far!  The atmosphere is scary, but the plot interesting and the music good.  Combat takes some getting used to, and it can be frustrating how of you get your rhythim off you get flattened pretty easily.  Other than that, no complaints.  It's worth your money."
,Recommended,274520,11972968,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,BUckENbooz,"This game is deffinetly worth the buy. A complete new experience. Now when it comes to the type of gameplay (the whole bird view thing) I don't really like them and didn't think I would like this game, but take it from me for a guy thats not into these kinds of games, this game was greathorror/survival/RPG/crafting/randomworldsI know its early access and that gameplay will most likely change in the future but the only issue I have is when you die you loose a level. Now that would be fine, but the map is only so big and you can only gather so much resources (currency to level) until you run out. And the game doesn't have loot respawn (to my knowlege) so eventually you will need to start a new game. I hope the change something about this, anything.Overall I give it a 8/10! Great game worth the buy!"
76561198005667708,Recommended,274520,34423272,Posted: 22 August,all,Hesmah,"A truly great experience. I never expected that a top down horror game could work so well, but it does. The atmosphere of the game is excellent, both visually and audibly.Not only that, but the game is also long enough, and very cheap. Couldn't recommend it more."
76561198111882356,Recommended,274520,35004136,Posted: 16 September,all,Fallain,"Absolutely amazing, go team!"
76561198098389641,Recommended,274520,11427584,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Necro-loli-con,"Not gonna lie, this game is pretty ♥♥♥♥ing good. it nails the dark-suspense filled atmosphere it goes for and ive enjoyed every hour of this game. highly recommended!"
76561197991236570,Recommended,274520,14328746,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Bennings Dekker,"not my kind of game thats for certain, hardcore stuff, I am too old to have patience now.The game is good I'd recommend it to anyone who d dare a horror game with nice UI and gameplayAltough the game lacks some visual improvements, and leads, Im pretty sure the producers are already on it to bring solution for such issues with relative ease.The atmosphere pulls you in, excpects your full concentration, wants you to be cunning as much as possible, ever vigilant for anything that might become handy or any''thing'' that thirsts for your blood in your strives to live out another night. I wish I had the time and interest to play this a bit more, horror flows through it!Very well done game."
,Recommended,274520,20494311,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,MentalRobot,The most terrifying top down horror game i have ever played.I can not wait for the full release!
,Recommended,274520,34597347,Posted: 29 August,all,OKTAYMERCAN-ANDROHACK,Güzel bir 2D oyun hikaye modunu yeni yeni oturt maya başladılar ama güzel bir survival(hayatakalma) oyundur kendisi kendine özgü bir tarzı ve havası var.
76561198020144608,Recommended,274520,35198294,Posted: 25 September,all,Clark Kent,gg
76561198076543436,Recommended,274520,35034938,Posted: 17 September,all,Kwisatz Haderach,"Good game, good dev, fixed an issue I was having which I'm sure has helped out many, mainly additional controls on the mouse work now.Will give more in depth review when I can be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to do one."
,Recommended,274520,17479381,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,я|F /Offline,It's pre good.
,Recommended,274520,14523481,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Claremy Jarkson,Stepped on fungus.died.
,Recommended,274520,34549856,Posted: 28 August,all,Dinkus,wow amazing wow WOW
,Recommended,274520,25488656,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Mattius,brilliant horror game.
,Recommended,274520,34399080,Posted: 21 August,all,Razors Edge,"What can i say about this game?  Creepy, old school horror, and a TON OF FUN.   Play in the dark for best effects.Great game!!"
,Recommended,274520,34390621,Posted: 21 August,all,Scuba Steve,I usually don't write reviews but this game is AMAZING. I'm already at 13hrs and have a whole another side of the map to explorer.
76561197970646887,Recommended,274520,11409336,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Rubén,"Great game, tons of potential. Looking forward to improvements over time, but can be a real hit with work and care. Even at this early development point, it's worth my money."
,Recommended,274520,12628227,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,13cm of Fried Donut,"I love the theme; it inspirably leads me into the creepy atmosphere, which is really my favourite. Although I have some prob to play this below, I have to recommend this.Here is my problem. I'm not sure that this is only my mac prob though, my macbook pro retina is unstably rolling its cooler, and in 50% of chances, the game is shuted down (just it stop the screen, and never come back normal) even before my death; I CAN'T play the game for fun with my mac. (Simply, start the game -> wait for map building for few 'minutes' -> get out the shelter -> find another house or encounter some enemy -> died or shut down -> press my bloody booting button to force-shut down my mac.)I HOPE this is only cuz of my old retina macbook pro, and the next version of this game is much stable on mac as well."
76561198040424503,Recommended,274520,19221270,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Neras,"Ok, Misture a atmosfera de trevas e medo do desconhecido do Silent Hill, com a jogabilidade e um mundo (que quer te matar) de Don't Starve.Resultado:Um jogo de graficos simples, jogabilidade estabanada (pra piorar o seu medo de luta), uma história complexa e cheia de segredos, um mundo em estado apocalíptico, um sistema de habilidade ultilizando da flora de uma floresta sinistra com efeitos colaterais (que dificultam ainda mais a sua sobrevivencia).Darkwood trás aos seus jogadores a realidade de quão frágil e instintiva uma pessoa fica em uma situação de extremo numa floresta macabra, tentando sobreviver dentre os turnos diários dentre pilhagem/Dia e sobrevivência/Noite, é notavel a dificuldade de luta nesse jogo trazendo ainda mais à realidade situacional de alguem tentando sobrreviver em  condições de fraqueza, multilação, e mutação (Se você quer um entreterimento de click/kill, não lhe recomendo esse jogo).Recomendo pessoalmente este jogo a pessoas que procuram uma sobrevivência complexa ao terror da noite, e uma historia repleta de surpresas e atrativos macabros."
,Recommended,274520,24760059,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,I Came,1 thing .... masterpiece
,Recommended,274520,34183928,Posted: 11 August,all,GetDatGreg (spooky),i shidded my pant
76561198091651267,Recommended,274520,15905926,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Karlson,yes
,Recommended,274520,15839129,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Kanosis,Dog attack victim simulator.
76561198019159173,Recommended,274520,22449727,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Moe,"Great atmosphere, probably the creepiest 2D I've ever played, And just the right amount of pixel resolution to give both a detailed but 16-bit feel.The game is hard and doesn't hold your hand, you will get lost and die. But the controls work well for top-down view its just a matter of finding weapons before night hits you.Its currently in alpha but still plenty of game-play to be had at this point. Give it a go if your a fan of DAYZ, amnesia or generally hard indie games like binding of"
76561198073550338,Recommended,274520,25137092,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,alex6phr,"Prettygood game.Even if its an alpha, it feels like its already finished with the 1° chapter."
76561198053345974,Recommended,274520,25055968,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,CJam,"This game actually scared me from time to time, the gamelpay is solid and I find the story and the mysterious forest very interesting. The game is worth buying."
,Recommended,274520,11418394,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Ravq ♥,"This game is really really amazing, such an good atmosphere and I haven't even got so far yet, I simply love this and can't wait for more updates! I like it so much that i decided to make series of it on my you tube channel :) Go ahead and check out my videos guys, appreciate it a lot, thanks! :)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NhRnSO5bOMs"
,Recommended,274520,31726913,Posted: 13 May,all,aww man!,"I haven't played much of ""Darkwood"" yet, but so far it seems like exactly the kind of game I have been looking for."
76561197994585496,Recommended,274520,34375915,Posted: 20 August,all,Roc,"Top Down horror with:-Excellent sounds, music and mood-Meaty gameplay5/5 would drink beer with wolfman"
,Recommended,274520,34405136,Posted: 21 August,all,boss hog3756,well worth the money 100% recommend.
76561198054997230,Recommended,274520,34350169,Posted: 19 August,all,Schopenhauer,You will pee your pants.
,Recommended,274520,34386667,Posted: 20 August,all,Doctor Fidoreous,"First game I've ever played that's actually made me slow down and enjoy exercising patience, both in waiting for the game and gameplay itself!F#ck yea Acid Wizard, your extra hours spent working on Darkwood are worth it considering your resources, your dedication and motivation on this project will fuel my sitting on my♥♥♥♥♥playing it way, way too much.>>10/10 in atmosphere and design<<"
,Recommended,274520,34383144,Posted: 20 August,all,Mante,"No jumpscares my a s s, wait till a chomper jumps out of the dark"
76561198001987816,Recommended,274520,14665204,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,None,"I bought this on a lark because I like games like Metro and the STALKER series and I wanted more survival horror in my life. I play with permadeath on because anything else is for babies and children with thyroid disorders. I went to bed frustrated last night because I couldn't manage to get into the next zone, past this cottage, and restarting was feeling tedious.Last night I dreamt of a drowned woman chasing me, asking me if I knew how bad it must be down there that she'd claw all the way back up here? Then I awoke to an invisible presence gripping my hands and weighting me down. Then I actually woke up.10/10"
,Recommended,274520,34378055,Posted: 20 August,all,tictac?!,im shidded my pants
,Recommended,274520,34322693,Posted: 18 August,all,雌犬,"I played this a bit, like for an hour or so in early access. I liked it, but it was pretty confusing for me XDBeen watching some youtube videos and guides on this game now, and I get the game now.Id recomend getting this game :D"
,Recommended,274520,34357939,Posted: 19 August,all,Sir Lord Chaddingtons IV,"HEY EVERYBODY! CHAD HERE!So like, I was thinking to myself, (rare I know right?!) how can a 2d topdown be super scary? Like, I've defeated Jason many times with my shotgun. That poor piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥can't even touch my cashmere sweater. NOTHING can defeat Chad. Well, in this game, I'm just some poor old guy I guess. That's cool and all, but like, I feel like I should be able to just start with a shotgun. Birthright amirite? Anyway, you basically have some house straight out of that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that's called Missouri. Broken and stuff. You can't fix it cuz like you're old. You get to run around with the world's smallest lungs during the day and then cower in a corner during the night.Only in this game can you do everything right, barricade, fortify, etc, and then still have a chance of dying because of spooky ghosts.But like, it's cool I guess.My dad owns this whole company, so it's ok.This game has the Chad Kensington seal of approvalConversation that probably happened with these devs:Dev 1: Let's make a 2d top down horror gameDev 2: 2D top down games can't be scaryDev 1: Hold my beer"
,Recommended,274520,34334109,Posted: 18 August,all,Ross thick'ms,its cool xd i recommend
76561198048948242,Recommended,274520,34262289,Posted: 15 August,all,przycza,brilliant game! love it
,Recommended,274520,34408051,Posted: 21 August,all,The Coon,sweet
76561197994640892,Recommended,274520,34344401,Posted: 19 August,all,Ryanheart,"The first 10 mins of the game I kill my own dog then save a man only just to torture him, 15/10 would Kill again"
76561198059500555,Recommended,274520,34528660,Posted: 27 August,all,Engineer,Gorgeous.
76561198751100825,Recommended,274520,34385892,Posted: 20 August,all,[Raynor]BigSmoke,"All I can say is I love this game, If you want a great immersive game play this!"
76561197971877162,Not Recommended,274520,34377561,Posted: 20 August,all,Asses of Fire,"Darkwood is a fantastic horror game.  One of the best.  Sadly I have to thumbs down for me personally over a few issues.- The game is unfortunatly somewhat linear.  It  tells you where to go next, and to reach these points you must discover door codes.- Combat is pretty awful.  I get it that a wood board shouldn't last more than a dozen swings...but your character gets winded after two swings.- Bad stamina meter.  Again, your character gets exhausted after jogging for about 10 seconds.  Most out of shape protaganist i've played in awhile.- Game gets progressively more difficult as you move to each zone.  This is fantastic however, dying does almost nothing.  You lose a few items and wake up fresh and new back at your home.  So all the tenseness of the game is gone after you find out you can just keep regenerating.- Did I mention the combat is bad? Hit detection and the weight of your movement is off.   Like I said above, the protaganist gets exhausted after two swings.Other than these issues...the game is fantastic.  I actually recommend any horror fans pick it up. It just wasn't for me.  I even rebought the game and tried it again and still can't stand playing it for more than 20 minutes.  Not a fun game to play after the first hour."
,Recommended,274520,11393726,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Pish,Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope!
76561198124971135,Recommended,274520,17688240,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Hastur the Unspeakable,"I use to not be afraid of the dark, then I played this game."
,Not Recommended,274520,35250002,Posted: 27 September,all,jacse78,"Ok, the game does not lead you by the hand, which is fine, since the game is somewhat simple and rather easy to learn. What I do not like though is the (pc) controls for combat. It is slow responsive and - and I understand that this it a part of the gameplay - melee mode is all too difficult. I understand that each melee weapon is different and all, but they are just too freaking slow to swing. I know that some will say it is all about timing, and I guess then I have to admit, that I am obviously not very good at it, but when my character dies on almost any encounter above low level enemies, I think the game has failed in helping me as a player in progressing.For the moment I am not playing even though I have progressed a lot in the game, but I seriously need to distance myself from this game for a while untill I have once again build up enough patience and lowered my cortisone level."
,Not Recommended,274520,17703035,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Buzzo,"I really want to like this game, but try as I may, I just cannot.Bought it way back in like 2015 when it was still in Alpha. Regardless of how much I try to play it, I just don't seem to like it unfortunately. ""Unforgiving"" is a word that's used a bit too literally in this game. It's not difficult to the point of wanting to retry things, it's difficult to the point of not wanting to attempt to play it at all (and before anyone says ""git gud"" — I'm a big fan of hard games, just not when they end up boring me), even on normal. The atmosphere is fantastic, but the pacing is so ♥♥♥♥ing slow that I can't play it for more than a couple minutes before I want to stop. Calling it a survival game but taking out the things that one needs to survive (food, water) and replacing them with just this system of using mushrooms that do not respawn is just an odd design choice to me, but some others may like it. It's survival in the sense of having to wait through a 10 minute night cycle by standing really close to an oven (why? I don't know.). Sure, the sound is fantastic as well, to the point where you don't dare venture outside during the night, and even moving in your own house is scary... but what does that accomplish? Night cycles don't seem to really DO anything. You hide in a corner and wait for the sun to come up, then flounce around a very ""same-y"" map for a while, and repeat. I don't get the fun aspect.Regardless of how I feel about Darkwood, the developers are very open and kind to their customers, and constantly try to fix the game to please their fanbase, even when it meant putting in way more work than they were anticipating. I applaud that attitude and work ethic, and so I'll simply chock this game up to ""not my style."" I may not like it personally, but AcidWizard is a shining example of how a dev team SHOULD handle EA, the likes of which I've only seen by Hinterland behind The Long Dark."
76561198014827306,Recommended,274520,12693780,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Not Gay Tent,THis game is somthing spoopy wan it gets dark after like night 3 to 4 or 5 but this game is best play'ed with perma-death to make you feel as if you will loos more than just some of the stuff you have on you and your last upgrad but i wud say do all that hard stuff after you know what your doing i mean i'v die'ed like 10 times if not more just from me going out to far and becomeing food for the dang chompers (f chompers)The only bad thing about this game i can see so far is you will get bord some wat fast as the sun gos down and the fact chompers can come out at night 3 or 4 witch never end well wan they get in XD
,Recommended,274520,34363469,Posted: 19 August,all,Little Jerry,">Go on Steam.>Looks at a game in Early Access.>Looks fun!>Buys game.>Looks at Difficulty.>BADA*S MODE ENGAGED.>Picks Nightmare Mode.>Game starts.>♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ is very clenched in the prologue.>Spawns some random house.>Starts looking for planks to board up windows.>Spends the entire day searching for boards.>Dusk comes.>Goes back into house.>Shuts all the doors.>Pushes furniture against doors.>Realizes windows in bedroom aren't boarded up either.>Starts to panic.>Sits in corner of room, crying, and hoping the footsteps outside go away.>Heres a knock at the door.>Heart in IRL drops.>PS2 starting music kicks in.>DAY 2!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!>I feel like I just won the lottery.All seriousness though. This game is very awesome, but could use some work. Like being able to refuel your lantern, find knives, more content, etc. Right now where this game stands I do recommend it. It was very fun and I hope my next playthrough of this goes a bit more...clean in the undergarments. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,274520,14602973,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Loli Lover,Opened a door10/10   would open door again
76561198355239933,Recommended,274520,31892112,Posted: 21 May,all,cra8zykidg,all and all the game is great. but i have found bugs in the game.
76561197970881539,Recommended,274520,30816577,Posted: 29 March,all,Badakun,2spooky4me
,Recommended,274520,12409846,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Pirate GDBLiam,"first 15min in game, creepy and cant see♥♥♥♥♥♥ got silent  and mate randomly shouts noise i crap my self  10/10 mates a A holes"
76561198003308890,Recommended,274520,34454686,Posted: 24 August,all,raquelambersantiago,"For the horror genre im giving this one 6/10 it would be 5/10 but the low price gaveit a bump up.  Basically you run around and try to survive the dark woods.  its ok for what it is, nothing to write home about but for the horror gengre its EH.  Its worth 15.00 bucks."
76561198383702192,Recommended,274520,31370456,Posted: 25 April,all,Tengu,"It's alright. You might get bored fast, after two hours. Game is challening."
76561198028847349,Not Recommended,274520,23361978,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Cool Zlata,"Gave this game a new try but still boring and after waiting for months feels like there is not much hope for this coming for a full game.. I recently have  been really negative to games who are still EARLY ACCESS after 2 YEARS.. it feels like no one cares if this game come out as a full release but there is many games as The Forest, and other survival games. I have owned this game for 2 years now and I have to say that lets wait a next 2 to 6 years and lets see does this game then have something that actually keep the new and old players active. I know I get lots of negative comment down but this is just my opinion and to all of you developer has been nice to me so I dont judge him or his team, but the main point is this game is not ment for me so might work for you."
76561198070722121,Not Recommended,274520,14306605,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,insanityscribe,"I'd been following Darkwood for about six months before it was released. It looked very fun, very scary, and really hard, but not hard enough to prevent you from having fun. Man, was I wrong.This game is obscenely difficult. Resources are scarce to the point that, if you run out of a particular item, you're basically ♥♥♥♥ed. Gasoline, arguably the most important resource in the game, is so low in number that its nearly impossible to divy it up between each gas-hungry tool that needs it.The ""scary"" part of the game, i.e. surviving the night, isn't scary. It's irritating. You are forced to sit in a dark room for four minutes, and if you move at all, you get wrecked by monsters with toothed-♥♥♥♥♥♥s for heads. If you don't move, nothing happens. It's either really boring or really stressful. Where's the fun in that?TL;DR: I REALLY wanted to like this game. I played it after every update to see what new additions had come with it. But it's just not fun. It never has been, and likely never will be. Spend your money on something worthwhile, like Undertale or Dungeon of the Endless."
76561198077104997,Recommended,274520,12441266,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Heavy Buster Is Sentry Spy,weres the update they promised.
,Not Recommended,274520,11464842,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Wistfane,"Darkwood is a top down survival game that plays like an old school GTA or Hotline Miami ableit much slower. You are a greasy hobo living in a shack and your goal is to navigate a randomly generated verdant plot of land and eventually escape it.The games prologue is a short tutorial but frankly it doesnt do a good job of preparing you for the game. Many mechanics such as cooking, leveling up and using perks is not explained.Visually the game is simple and draws alot of inspiration from Slender and Silent Hill for tis spooky atmosphear which it pulls off pretty well.The sound minimal however it effectively punctuates the highs and lows of the game. The sound effect are really well done and go a long way to enhance the atmosphere.As nice as it all sound the game is still an alpha and after playing for 11 hours it still needs a long way to go before being anywhere close to enjoyable.While the ideas are solid the game suffers from quite a few game game breaking bugs. Crashes and black screens are common and so are various glitches which you should familirise yourself with if you intent of getting anywhere in this game.The odds are stacked heavily against you and dying is a common and costly occurence. You are defeceless when unarmed and unless you restarded the game a few times it will a be a while before you get your first weapon.  Sadly even then your chances of remaining unscathed are pretty slim. Most enemies have either a longer reach a lunge or plain old stunlock though a flurry or blows so getting to know your enemies is important and in most cases you cant take on more than one baddy at a time.Your weapons seem to be made of styrophoam since most of them break after every fight and rapairs or resupplies are very costly. Despite te starting vendor selling ammo for various firearms I have yet to see most of them. I have only used the double barrel shotty and the pellet gun both of which were jaringly inferior to the axe.If you are getting the jist that this game is hard you have heard nothing yet. The game uses a day and night cycle ( aprox 15/9 irl min) During the days you forrage and complete quests and during the night you fend off baddies enmasse.Problem is if you play the game as intended you wont last more than 2 days so you have resort to an exploit of hiding in a corner under total darkness in oder to skip the nighttime assaults.Exploring during the day is equaly agonising because of your characters speed and stamina you barely have enough time to explore one location before heading back to your shack. Sprinting all the time is also unadvisable for the woods are densely populated by bear traps and poisonus fungi ( which you need ot harvest to level up) and if you want to venture deeper into the woods you are required to have a light source of a kind. Issue is some of the most uggliest baddies and lot interesting quest set pieces are located in the deeper woods. This leaves you spirinting though the woods blind triping over traps or takign and slow and takign a beating from a pack of hungry mosnters.All in all after 11 hours the end is nowhere near in sight and I barely have any progress on my first quest. Before commiting yourself finnacialyl to this game the needsto be a lot of bug fixing and rebalancing done. I also urge the devs to do away with the random world generation since it add nothing to the game but frustration.Verdict: wait for it to get better. Hopefully this will grow into a nice gem"
43402402520682123,Recommended,274520,26223726,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Music Junkie,"Dark and scaryHis knees are weak, body creaksShirts covered in vomit, spoiled spaghettiStick in his hand, not even readyDoor creaks open, his eyes widen, not gonna be prettyEyes red, eyes bloody dead,wake up in the morning, full of dreadEninems failed Darkwood Review"
,Not Recommended,274520,20068606,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Dr.Clever,I really like game's atmosphere and music.But developers dont work on this game.Game is stuck on Chapter 1 for few years. Disappointing.
76561198107527623,Recommended,274520,34407195,Posted: 21 August,all,GG斯密哒,"It's a good game, but it doesn't have Chinese language. My friends said if the game have Chinese language, they will all buy it. But..."
76561198010753438,Not Recommended,274520,11790227,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,SpaceCat,I'm changing my review after many months / years of no updates .... this game is *still* at chapter 1 and it's mostly bug fixes ... not good.
,Not Recommended,274520,19728332,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Dark Demise,I have seen very little progress in the development of this game.. Maybe I'll change my review one day.
,Not Recommended,274520,35080369,Posted: 20 September,all,Game Daddy,"Slow clunky controls in a game where you need the exact opisite.Now i love it when a game dosent hole your hand, but it be nice if it gave me a push in the right direction. i had no idea where to even go or what i was doing or anything.Also at nigh you cant sleep so you will have long slogs wher you will have nothing to do, and it gets boring quicklythese devs are real nice guys and are suportive of thier customers and the industry but the controls, even with rebinding just arnt as tight and fluid as they should be and while thiers losts of interesting stuff theirs alot of time that will just as boring.i hate giving this the thumbdown but while it hits alot of good points the ones it dosent hit are major ones and ones i just cant getr over"
76561198071189687,Not Recommended,274520,11506718,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Grandpa Phil,"I really want to enjoy this game, but I can't.It is very atmospheric and does a really good job making you feel creeped out.  The character designs are so bizarre and disturbing; they fit perfectly with what this game is trying to accomplish. The mysterious and fragmented storyline will make you immersed in the Darkwood world. Exploration is extremely exciting because you never know what you will find and the constant looming threat of The Thirst and the creatures of the night will always make you feel rushedWhere this game fails is the combat. Weapons are not easy to find and tend to break too quickly. You will more than likely be forced to craft your own weapons which will consistently deplete your resources, but you need these same resources to build barricades to protect yourself at night because fighting during night is near impossible. When you do manage to craft a weapon, good luck trying to use it. Your attacks have to be extremely accurate in order to hit anything. Here is how most combat situations will go for you: You aim your attack. The enemy jumps at you, attacks you, and jumps back in half a second. You swing your weapon and miss. The enemy jumps back in, attacks you, jumps back out before you can even aim your next attack. Before you know it, you are dead and could not even land a single hit with your useless weapon.This game seems to have so much potential, and I am excited to see where this game will go in the future, but the combat feels so broken, it isn't worth playing at the moment. I'm tired of being killed by the first enemy I encounter every time because the broken combat system doesn't give me any chance to protect myself."
76561197985864187,Not Recommended,274520,34334557,Posted: 18 August,all,Silverborn,"I'm a little split between liking and disliking this game. Haven't played that long, yet I couldn't force myself to continue. I'm not saying that the game is bad, it simply isn't my taste. The controls feel clunky, inventory management doesn't feel natural. It gives a new ""feel"" to the horror genre, something I didn't think was possible. Yet I like my games to feel realistic in a unrealistic world. I couldn't shake the ""indie"" vibe it still carries. Would this game have the same gameplay with amazing top down graphics, maybe I would have been sold, but then my impression of the gameplay would still be a little disappointed.Simply put, not my cup of tea. I didn't get sucked into the world as I hoped and the gameplay didn't really work for me. If you can ignore the clunky playstyle and love to have downtime during the night, well this might be your thing. I'd like it a little bit more advanced."
76561198263786097,Not Recommended,274520,22906737,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,huskycatgrape,"My main problem was the fact that the pixel art is so bad I can't tell what I'm staring at, the combat is clunky and the sound effects are too dramatic"
76561198046365802,Not Recommended,274520,20797367,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Mysterious Penguin Revolution,bored the hell out of me
76561198067437877,Not Recommended,274520,15116439,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,GhettoTrout,"Review of Alpha 4.0yeah yeah, early access.. I get it. How much of this crap are we going to put up with as a community? We keep throwing money at lazy devs that create half-games, and sell them as ""early access"", then go on vacation. I have 20+ early access games in my library, none of which are updated regularily, and many that are filled with game-breaking bugs.Pros:-tries to be scary-great atmosphere-imaginative artworkCons:-No story-Bugs-lack of instruction-lack of weaponry-lack of fulfilling combat extremely one sided 100% gear dependant-$15+ for the amount of content is a joke-extremely short game so far, only takes 2-3 hours without day/night schedule (running back and forth every 5 minutes gives no time to explore)-finish the game (alpha 4.0) and you just run around in a black screen.-you will be punished for exploring, you will not be rewarded for minor successes.It has potential, just like all those other early access games out there. I don't foresee the game being finished any time soon, however.I can't recommend this game in it's current form."
76561198214592032,Not Recommended,274520,28690404,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,phillipshead,"Ignoring the fact that the devs have been far too slow at progression for this to have a glimmer of hope at seeing sunshine, I'd been eyeing this for a while and decided to check it out.First impressions almost immediately turned me off. I like the whole survival-horror gig, but this doesn't deliver--the suspense and horror largely comes from the clunky controls and animation not working intuitively. One could argue that you ""get used to it,"" and I wasn't expecting to be the next Ash Williams, but the bottom line is I didn't anticipate any sort of gratifying reward for the frustration.See, the problem is, at this point I'm not even looking forward to a full release. The focus of what little development there is seems to be on content rather than core gameplay, as if the latter is already tippy-top. It's functional, at best. This game *feels* like an Alpha product within minutes to the point where it doesn't matter what more there is, at least to me. Refund requested, itch remains unscratched."
76561198045076033,Not Recommended,274520,34374908,Posted: 20 August,all,itsheresomewhere,"atmospheric  and scary. Sadly let down by a very clunky control system. Which is real pain considering the obstacles you encounter. From bear traps to viscious dogs. level design is also a bit odd. Vital components locked behind code locked doors, which of course you don't know or fuel for your generator being in another location, because of course that makes perfect sense.  After less than a hour this game was annoying me, not scaring me. Maybe I am not really in the mood for this sort of game atm. But for now its 5/10"
76561197987684837,Recommended,274520,34318168,Posted: 17 August,all,RubyNips,"*KNOCK* *KNOCK*....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
76561198414563229,Not Recommended,274520,34757329,Posted: 5 September,all,l80026,"Hotfix 1.1 Broke controller support.  R stick dont register & several buttons. Cool game, very atmospheric.I recommend the game to people who like pixel horror. thums down for controller not working anymore."
,Not Recommended,274520,13906167,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Alucard Tepes,"Game has absolutely zero introduction. A ""try hard"" to sound cryptic and dark. At first I thought it wasn't bad - until the game actually starts. Right off the bat - game puts you into a hostile environment with zero light, rain, tough-decision making and zero tutorial within 5 minutes of the actual game (not including prologue). During the day time you must avoid stepping on some poisonous mushroom, while evading wild animals, while not getting lost in a forest. Because daylight only last 5-10 minutes, once night fall hits, you must then 1) Specifically go back to your hideout 2) Use the special well with special water so your body doesn't decompose at night. 3) Get back to the hideout with all the same problems as day time...except you can't see ANYTHING. Good luck. I give this game a 2/10"
76561198028426630,Not Recommended,274520,18680330,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Sex Handles,"Meh, it could be a great game, but it lacks an inital attraction."
76561198158149244,Recommended,274520,34317463,Posted: 17 August,all,tuckboat,Yup it's good. (see other reviews for details)Upvote if you Agree!Suck it hard Steam Reviews!8.2/10
76561197992173446,Not Recommended,274520,34384529,Posted: 20 August,all,tbcivx,"At first I was a little spooked, but this game teaches a valuable lesson about not judging a book by it's cover. The rabid dogs, and pincer faced slugs that roam the forbidding areas look like scary enemies that you should fight in a typical game. However, I grew to look for them as friends given that no matter how many times they attacked me, when I would fall over, they would lovingly bundle me up and take me back home. They would even put me to bed with milk and cookies, and I would wake up perfectly fine the next day.I played the game on the normal difficulty settings, and after getting killed about 5 times by dogs and the starting monsters, I figured out that I was immortal. I would even start looking for baddies to kill me as a form of fast travel when I didn't want to hoof it back home. The fact that there are NO consequences for getting killed takes all the suspense out of the game."
,Not Recommended,274520,34793896,Posted: 7 September,all,udel007,"Not really sure why this has such amazing ratings. I generally like difficult games that don't hold your hand but...I fount the game to be:Clunky (long load time on a fast machine)Clumsy combatExtremely linear - the description basically says explore by day, hunker down by night -- there is no exploration. Its go this way to find item XBuggy - 1st game started, 1st bug found. I started the game on nightmare, after I finished the prologue, it defautled back to normal.Yes the atmospherics are nice, the sound effects are good, and the concept is decent enough, but it just doesn't come together."
,Not Recommended,274520,35033165,Posted: 17 September,all,Atlas1205,"I see it has been too difficult for some people to read this review, so let me paraphrase it, and get this straight again (probably for simple-minded fanboys to understand too):You cannot sleep at night, nor even cook. Which makes nights a boring waste of time. Unless you're out for a fight, or well-prepared to let enemies into your house.Also, let's check the condition of a hideout here:-There's a bed.-There's a workshop for all kinds of traps.-You have options to barricade all windows and doors.-You have a working stove that repels invaders with whatever the mess is in it.But nope, sleep is forbidden. you have to be awake all night like you're outside.Sorry, not my cup of tea. Refunded."
,Not Recommended,274520,34984160,Posted: 15 September,all,Gdante14CO,"This game is boring, one of the most boring games I have played. Others have said why, I will say why in point form. I have played this enough to make this post fact.- You have to go back every time to the hideout for the night, that right there makes the game boring. That makes the exploration not good also, and the area is small for the exploration to be fulfilling as well. (This right here the first point is the main problem)- You can't run for very long, this also makes the game boring.- Some doors you can't find the code to open the door, searched everywhere. Had to go to youtube to find out. Might be a bug. And when you find the code you don't need the items because, you are way past the point of needing them.- The dodge is stupid, you move back when all enemies lunge- All enemies do to much damage- For surviving the night you get little credits 100 every time, takes to long to get enough credits to complete an item. For example a gun or shotgun, and you have to buy other items as well. For example wood or gas.- There are no people helping you explore, it would be nice to have while exploring people you come on. Travel with you for some time, then decide to plan out something that they split up. Or decide to leave, choices to be made. Would make the game way better.- Controls need looked at they are clunkyThere might be one or two more but these are the major ones, with the first one being the major major one. Right now it's not worth getting, if you do decide get it on sale. I waited to post because, I was busy with other games and other things."
,Not Recommended,274520,15039857,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Grithin,All the clarity in what to do from minecraft without any of the external wiki usefulness.
76561197970812087,Not Recommended,274520,14705863,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,magnusej,"Lots of promise, but completely ruined by the max resolution, 1920x1200, they forgot to mention in the specs. It looks horrid on 1440p, and until they add support for 21st century resolution this gets a thumb down."
76561198046675266,Not Recommended,274520,18868051,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Dustin,A simple birds-eye-view-GTA like game that should be a f*cking simple Free to Play.Damn this is boring.2/10
76561198054200100,Not Recommended,274520,34538350,Posted: 27 August,all,Ashking Wulfharth,"This is a survival game that takes place in a FOREST and you are constantly suffering from a lack of WOOD. Let that sink in.The character walks extremely slowly, and gets winded after a 30 second jog. You begin the game in a constant state of being weaponless, and you can't fight with your fists for some reason. If you can't punch, then there should be plenty of branches on the ground to use as weapons. It is a forest after all.Edit:A game can be challenging or frustrating for a couple of reasons. A good game is challenging in terms of needing to acquire skill or learning how to play. This gives a fulfilling experience and you feel rewarded when you can overcome the challenge. Then there's this lazy crap game that is frustrating because they don't give you anything to work with and code in stupid deaths that are unavoidable. It's like being forced to give yourself a haircut but having to wear a blindfold for no apparent reason. Not fulfilling and definitely deserving of a thumbs down."
76561198017112301,Not Recommended,274520,34550165,Posted: 28 August,all,walter,From the jerky animation to the slow plot development and linear gameplay I couldn't get in to this. Even the tutorial was tedium.
76561198020011964,Not Recommended,274520,34904549,Posted: 12 September,all,m3roberts,"Not for me, boring as hell."
,Not Recommended,274520,11566164,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,zephrim,"They call it ""brutally hard"" it should be called, ""the devs are trolling you"". In just 45 mins of playing Darkwood, I want to break something.My issues with the game are as follows; hard as hell to see anything. Even with my gamma at max its just too dark to see anything not scary just dark.I guess the music and sound effects are supposed to be really scary but I'm hard of hearing and legally deaf, so yeah, not going to work too well on me. (But hey I'm used to the gaming community ignoring those with hearing imparments, we are deaf not blind, you jerks!)The combat is crap, total and complete crap. Weapons...what weapons...oh those things that break after you use them two times. I think maybe the idea is to run from everything but lets face it, how many of us played Resident Evil and ran from everything?I don't know about the story, not sure if there is one, just basically get out of the woods. For all I know they may have an award winning plot going on, but when your players want to hit escape before they have even played an hour, well it doesn't matter what your storyline is.Some people are going to love this game, some people are Masochists. I'm not. Dying in a game is part of the game, but it seems to be the main part of this game. I hated that game Dead Souls for the same reason.Its a good concept, I don't regret buying the game even if I dislike it because I support indie teams and the concepts they are trying to put out there. However, with that said, no I don't enjoy Darkwood. I don't enjoy getting slaughtered over and over again. I don't enjoy having to squint and bring my head ever closer to the screen just to try and make something out. I'm just having a hard time finding anything about this that I did enjoy.Sorry, but at least I'm honest."
,Not Recommended,274520,11603104,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,HAcoreRD,"The game itself is not very scary or terrifying.It certainly has a creepy atmosphere, but outside of that, it curently has little substance, and it throws you into situations unprepared, and with little guidance.In its current state, I would not recommend this title."
76561198011056013,Not Recommended,274520,11807380,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Reddish22,"This is my first ever steam review. I bought this game for $15 and it doesn't even work for Macs at all. I understand that the PC version will come first, but advertise that. Now I'm stuck here, wanting to play this game and it just freezes like 12 seconds into it every time. I think the game will be awesome, but I'm not sure I'll ever know."
76561198004678281,Not Recommended,274520,11456340,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Candy Corpse,"EDIT:After 2  years I gave this game another chance, only to find it in almost the same sorry state it was in before. Right after starting it I was confronted with the first bug (mouse movement).I dont know where all the fanboys of this game come from... but meh.. nothing for me.REVIEW FROM 2014:- Graphic are atrocious even for an Indie game. The character seems to be made out of 4 pixels....- Bugs. True its an early access alpha and things will get ironed out eventually, but there are some really severe bugs like completely wrong quest descriptions Items duplicating or disappearing in Inventory...- Nothing to do. You can craft stuff, but you will mostly not have the materials to do so, and even if you had them... there is no real reason to craft anything besides weapons. (Since they break very fast). No useful exploring, no quest hunting nothing.- Nights are boring to annoying. While the first night is scary, this fades out fast and will turn into boredom (means you go in the kitchen, making coffee while the night passes) or get you annoyed since it interrupts the game flow.- No character developement. Skills seem to be quite useless, and you will lose them pretty fast anyway (you lose all character progression on death).Only positive thing about the game so far is the atmosphere. Dark, Moody, Scary.At least for an hour or so until all the negative points take over....EDIT:This game is now in ""Early Access"" for 2 years. I really wish Steam would do something against those scamming ""companies"""
76561198000485744,Not Recommended,274520,13753596,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,bobroonie.bda,1980's pixelated graphics. Tried playing for 10 mins couldn't take it any more.
76561198021026650,Not Recommended,274520,14182084,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Solveig,Pfff...
76561198068505368,Not Recommended,274520,13559503,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,st.marotta,"played for 10min, got lost in the woods with a useless map. deleting it."
76561198049373103,Not Recommended,274520,11534926,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,SUPER DANGEROUS,Did not like interface/graphics. It all seemed too hard to see even in the day. The entire woods look the same and there is no exact map coordinates I could find. Did not play very much.
76561198048619953,Not Recommended,274520,34533178,Posted: 27 August,all,Demonic_imp,"Atmospheric yes.A game? hardly.Tutorial was hardly a tutorial ( So little so i didnt even know it was a proper tutorial at first, felt more story driven than tutorial driven ), Aparently there was a way to check a journal and see what to do, Do they tell you about this? not that i can remember. I started 2 different saves getting the same map just one rotated to the right, Was left wandering a pre made map trying to find something to do .The only scary thing about the game was the flashlights field of view.I dont get the hype over this game. It makes it look like a top down horror survival when it feels more like a walking simulator with small mini story elements and a health bar."
76561198052499025,Not Recommended,274520,25519236,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,KungFuBrew,dev gave up on game
76561198136315894,Not Recommended,274520,11905048,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,sally_micsaggytits,the game is ♥♥♥♥ing dumb as ♥♥♥♥
76561198062384970,Not Recommended,274520,34463544,Posted: 24 August,all,Sableagle,"Well THAT was a boring long tutorial introduction to a bargain-basement Resident Evil / Silent Hill sort of thing that was no fun at all to ""play."""
,Not Recommended,274520,11455956,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Warnek,"Meh...Edit: Ok let's explain this better. The game has poor graphic, little to no UI and really makes you feel like it's 1994 all over again.The story is not really convincing and it's supposed to be an horror game while there was absolutely nothing scary nor thrilling.Once again.. meh :| There are many games on Steam that deserves your money more than this"
,Not Recommended,274520,34423612,Posted: 22 August,all,Empathy KING,"This game is absolutely horrible... And for all of you gamers out there who don't believe that you can't determine a game is any good within 15 minutes of gameplay can go on somewhere! Maybe it takes you countless hours to decide if you like a game, but I am the type of guy who knows exactly what I want in a game and if I do not see it in the first 15-20 minutes of gameplay then its not for me... I should have known this game was everything that I hate. It's slow, pixelated and 100% unimmersive. I had a thought that maybe... Just maybe a top-down type of game could possibly be immersive... WRONG! I just couldn't get past the horrible graphics and top-down view. I didn't spend lots of time and money building a high-end gaming rig to play these types of games. I thought that I would go ahead and give it a try. After all I do have an open mind, but nope... I couldn't do it. The gameplay is lanky and slow kind of like a point-and-click game with a little action thrown into the mix and I absolutely HATE point-and-click games with a passion. I probably hate point-and-click games more than I hate multiplayer fps games... Errgh, they really get under my skin! Only buiy this if you are into these types of games."
,Recommended,274520,12085513,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Shadowdeadshot,it wont load up for me but its a good game
76561198092563412,Recommended,274520,11452952,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Chillbacca,"The creepy atmosphere of this game will have the player looking in every direction.  Each sound or artsy detail comes together to create a surreal horror experience.  Although the game itself is not completely terrifying in the way that a game such as Outlast might be, it's difficult to deny this game won't cause your heart to beat slightly faster.  The game's intensity also adds a lot to the atmosphere and gameplay.  I constantly find myself running to blockade doors in the midst of terror and panic.  Another great aspect of this game is the fact that they are updating it.  For example, initially I had problems differentiating day and night; however, a somewhat recent update has brightened day and seemingly darkened the night.  Overall, I have thoroughly enjoyed my experience with this game.  Whether tension, horror, or retro-style RPG's are your thing, you will find something enjoyable about this game."
76561198029558240,Recommended,274520,11939877,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Klinx,"This is truly amazing, the dark and unsettling atmosphere really draw you in; so much in fact that by nightfall you'll find yourself cowering in the corner of your hideout, fearing the unknown. Darkwood has some very interesting content for being early access, I was amazed by the character design and just how immersed you feel within mere seconds of playing.I truly recommend this for anyone who enjoys playing a decent survival horror."
76561198029260973,Recommended,274520,11940484,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,DreadShot1337,This game is probably one of the most challenging games of this era. The game combines a element of fear and survival. To make things harder there is a perma-death option.
76561197992318249,Recommended,274520,11943326,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Edgelord Dankmeme,"Despite being early access, this game already has a lot going for it. The oppressive atmosphere really helps to immerse players into the game, while the overall difficulty really cements the fact that here in the forest the player is not the most dangerous thing lurking in the darkness. The gameplay is fairly simple at the moment; from a top-down view the player walks around the game world, their line of site represented by a visual cone, when the character is not facing something like, say, a searchable pile of rubble or a wandering enemy or NPC, they disappear from the game map, though you can still hear them. This is used to quite terrifying effect if your power goes out and a monster breaks into your home, as your field of view shrinks tremendously, or when you need to craft a weapon or use something from your inventory, as your field of vision disappears while your character has to rummage around inside his pack. Melee combat is fairly simple but rewarding, and good timing is key to surviving any unavoidable confrontation. I've seen gameplay of firearms, but have yet to personally acquire one myself.The story, at this point, isn't all that clear to me. The bare bones of it is that the player character is stranded within a forest of the Soviet Block, apparently after some form of horrific mind and body altering plague outbreak, however, this is certainly not just another generic ""and then zombies"" story. The creatures and characters you will meet have been transformed or changed in very strange and terrifying ways. The current goal of the player seems to be to find their way out of the forest, a task that will take them quite some time as they must survive multiple nights, hidden in their homes as they are set upon by monstrosities from God knows where.The game, being in early Alpha, does have its issues though.As stated before, the game is quite difficult. Extremely so, to be honest. Chances are very high that, like myself, players will not find any remotely decent melee weapons for the first few nights at best, and will be forced to either run around their home all evening to flee from any intruding monsters or waste precious limited nails and wood boards used to barricade doors and windows or repair doors or windows to make what is essentially the crappiest weapon you can have; board with nails. This is accentuated by the fact that the map is randomly generated, with locations being spread out across different areas each time. Only once have I ever found an Axe within the first two nights, and that was pure luck.Currently there is no difficulty option, and so players will constantly come face to face with extremely powerful and fast monsters. You can outrun most of them, but many can easily keep pace with the player, who will eventually run out of stamina when sprinting. When the player dies, they lose the remainder of the current day they were on, unless playing in Permadeath, as well as any collected items such as Mushrooms, while also taking large damage to any item with a durability meter, such as weapons, gas cans, or flashlights and lanterns. The game essentially punishes players for dying multiple times over, as the only way to repair melee weapons, for instance, is to find Repair Kits, which so far have been few and far between at best, which more or less forces one to make the decision of whether it's even worth it to bring a weapon or durability item with them outside of Permadeath because should they die it loses something near half of its durability, and every single bit is precious in this game where virtually everything you cannot speak to is trying to eat your face.Hopefully in a future update, the durability of items will either be raised or the health of enemy monsters will be lowered, or some form of difficulty option will be implemented. I truly enjoy this game, but having all of my items breaking because I'm trying to explore to find objects to PREVENT myself from having my items breaking gets quite tiresome. Finding an Axe and Repair Kit only to have your house randomly besieged by a bird-headed beast and something that resembles a Schism from Silent Hill: Homecoming on the second night, dying, and then having to use that one precious Repair Kit just to ensure I can fix up my axe and try to not die the next night is not what I'd call fun, but tedious.The game could definitely benefit from some more crafting options, such as  more traps. So far the only traps I'm aware of are Bear traps, which the player finds strewn about in the forest or in crates and such, or smashing some bottles to make broken glass. I'm surprised there's no option for, say, using some nails and a board to create a nail strip to put on window sills or something to that effect. Perhaps some wooden stakes the player could place outside of doors or windows to damage enemies that walk through them.  These do not need to do ludicrous amounts of damage, I just thought it would be a nice touch, seeing as how it's odd your character only seems to have the intelligence of nailing boards to door frames and windows, and not building much of anything else with them. They could even make the costs for such craftable things rather high, such as requiring 15 nails for one nail strip, or 10 boards for a single set of wooden stakes. Seeing as how these resources are fairly limited anyway, I don't see much issue in alloowing more options for people to use them on.In the game, you can actually smash down doors and windows if, say, they are barricaded or locked. This offers another method of getting into locations should you lack a key or lockpick. However windows, and even when unbarricaded, doors have a ludicrous amount of durability. I'm not sure what those Soviets made their bedroom doors out of, perhaps reinforced concrete? Most weaponry, besides an Axe, breaks before a door or barricaded window is even at a third of its overall durability. These are, for all intents and purposes, old wooden doors with some old wooden boards nailed behind them. Why then does it take roughly a third of an axe's durability to chop one down, even when it's simply locked?There's no way to attack without a melee weapon. The player cannot swing a punch or anything of the sort. While this does make the game more challenging, I also find it incredibly strange when facing another human enemy or wild dog that we cannot at least throw some exceptionally weak punches to fend them off. In most cases this would be suicide anyway, as once again, the enemies can take a fairly ridiculous amount of punishment while also dealing well over the damage the player deals in many cases, but it would still be nice to even have the option of being able to pathetically defend ourselves. I'm fairly certain if a naked man cornered me inside my home and began hurling rocks at me, I would at least try and defend myself, not continually run around the room.Perks at this point in time are somewhat pointless, unless you can survive for exceptionally long periods of time you will simply die and lose the perks you just wasted some of the limited number of mushrooms you've gathered on. I've simply taken to storing the mushrooms in hopes of selling them later. Once again, a difficulty where the player could actually keep the perks to see the actual fruits of their labors would be nice.Every night at the start of the night cycle, the player must drink from the well outside their home, or else die from...whatever sort of plague or disease is currently ravaging their body. This is an interesting feature, however it requires the player to remain soleley at their beginning house where the well is located. There are a number of other ""friendly"" NPCs around the map whom are most likely suffering from the same ill-effects as the player character, and yet you are the only one with a well outside of your home. It'd be cool to be able to set up shop at other homes with wells."
,Recommended,274520,12038216,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Moon-Man,"Very Basic at the moment, hard to work towards a goal when you really have no idea what that goal is.  gameplay is really nice and challanging, there is absoloutly no hand holding in this game at all, and that's great.the game is not really ""scary"" but there is a very strong erie feeling that just russles my jimmys.  i think for added ""fear"" factor play it on the perma-die setting, because death so far has no real irriversible consiquenses.all in all, i look forward to updates, was this game worth 15 bucks? no- but my fingers are corssed my investment will not be in vain, and id recomend people who liked Don't Starve, and Deablo to play it,"
,Recommended,274520,12100902,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,xxDFBxx,game is amazing.. lots of suspence as soon as you hear a creepy growl.. run like hell lmao
76561198057941682,Recommended,274520,11950391,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Soviet Gandalf,"The atmosphere in game is amazing and helps set the mood for a dark and dangerous world. The few characters you meet along the way answer the few questions you hold, but give more in return.I've only playe a few hours and it is a will layed out game with nothing majorily wrong with it such as bugs or glitches. I'd give it a 9/10 even in the alpha version."
76561198050413167,Recommended,274520,11967085,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Darxandri,Ok where to start. What about the gameplay. Gameplay is really smooth and if you get it in your fingers it will be more easier for you. Next graphics. I really love those pixelated old-school looking games. Enemies are really scary and nicely done. That is the same for NPCs. Next sounds and music. Really awesome soundtrack to make player unconfortable. Next is story. Story is very strong and mysterious in this game. You must to get it to understand main plot but I am ok with it.  Ok final score is 9.5/10 beacuse of some little bugs but it is in Alpha and everything will be awesome because guys who are working on it are really talented indie game company. That´s all from me and enjoy the the game.
76561198108942592,Recommended,274520,19156493,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Spaghetti_is_my_lady,I like the atmospheric mood of the game. I remember watching Markiplier tying out this game and even me playing it for the first time... it definetely has come along way since its pre-alpha. Overall good game :)
,Recommended,274520,18954012,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Hastur,"My most relaxing night was the night I sat in a corner, staring at the only door as something banged against it countless times on end waiting for whatever was on the other side to burst through and kill me.On another note, I succumbed to drinking and hurting random strangers to cope with this."
76561198046785093,Recommended,274520,19517818,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,A cacophany of angy moths,"Amazing enviroment, Nice combat, wonderfull spooks. My only salt about this game is that its is not finished yet."
76561198046018650,Recommended,274520,19453467,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Col.Hydrogen,"35 hours into the game, still can't 1v1 a stickman."
76561198195184757,Recommended,274520,19504809,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Deadsince1979,"I enjoy this game so far. It is visually stunning. Where so far I have barely seen threats, as when I did, it pretty much scared the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me. I am excited as to what will happen next."
76561198130037546,Recommended,274520,13458778,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Explosive Plastics,"I like this game. I really do. So I'll give ya the long and short of it.SHORT:-Not scary like, ""BOO! Ha ha."" This is Scary like ""................*muffled growl*................................*cracked stick*..........""-Hard. Really hard.-Lots of funLONG:-=This review is published Dec. 12, 2014. It has to do with the major update, Alpha 3.0, and the gameplay changes made.=-Alpha 3.0 made it impossible to last more than 1 day without crawling everywhere and checking every square inch of land infront of you before allowing even a single foot fall. It's a perpetually white-nuckled crawl.Alpha 2.9 had mushrooms randomly in the woods. If you stepped on one, you'd be poisoned. Those were annoying and occasionally fatal. But you could harvest them and not have to worry about stepping over it. That was too easy and leisurely. Alpha 3.0 places these mushrooms everywhere the light fails. It puts you on edge and forces your gaze forward, like reality (nobody walks in the wilds without checking the forest floor constantly)-= CONTEXT NOTE: I previously reviewed this patch and complained about it. I gave it a negative review. Then I immediately started playing again. That should say something about the game and me. =-The devs have contacted me. I feel special. Anyway, the way they read through comments shows that they really care about this game. Again I really do like it, but it got alot harder with the last update. I guess that just came as a shock to me. I was too used to strolling through the woods with my eyes crossed, swinging a board with nails at everything that moved, but... I can't anymore. I must meticulously scan all around me.... Looking for the next enemy.... the next trap.... the next pair of eyes searching my face for signs of confusion, just waiting for the right moment to knock me out with a 3 meter pole and leave me in the middle of nowhere missing my gear and possibly my virginity.It's a horror game. Don't complain. 10/10"
76561198014639976,Recommended,274520,13952569,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Airinnann,"While gritty and unpolished in some aspects, and the combat is tricky to learn for new players, the game sets up to this date, what could be a great survival story in a challenging world all it's own. You'll be druggign yourself with the same chems.....well, can't quiiite spoil that now? If you pick this up, be ready to tough it out against an unforgiving array of abominations and horrors while wondering a few things: Why am I here? Who am I? What do I look like? Or most of all....How do I escape the Darkwoods?"
76561197990067390,Recommended,274520,13772077,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Goodbye Horses I'm Flying Over U,Best scavenger hunt simulator on the market.
,Recommended,274520,13772324,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Jaffers,"Played this for about 10 or more hours before the alpha 2.1 update. Really thouroughly enjoyed it, although as a survival horror where punishment is so severe, its slow going. Lack of story in these parts can end up making it a chore just to play. As well as complete save wipes with every early access update and game mechenics changing to the point where I have to relearn how to play every time, I am going to wait until the game is fully released and polished before I put many valueble hours into playing it from start to finish. Aside from that I quite like the survival aspects, the environmental interaction and the fact that you have to experiment with things. Be prepared for trial and error and a massive learning curve, although this is where all the fun is. When you do progress or things go right, it feels really good as a change from the brutal world. Unique and unlike most top down or horror genres. Definitely worth a play and should be on your wishlist at the very least.TL;DRPros:-Unique-Rewarding gameplay in contrast to brutal punishment-So far has a very good story line, explained through the world and actions as well as NPC dialogue-Interesting-CRAFTING!-BASES!-Survival horror is very well doneCons:-Slow game play can lead to slow story progression and thus it can become dry-Death really sucks-Early access updates wipe your save-Sometimes cluncky controlsWorth a buy 7.5/10"
,Recommended,274520,13815356,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,IvyWinter,"I've been playing Darkwood for a couple of days now and I have to say, as a survival horror fan, this game is refreshing. It is DIFFICULT,so don't go into it thinking it'll ease you into anything. It won't. You don't get a lot of supplies, you have limited time to wander from your safehouse to find new locations and your map is elementary at best. You'll often be completely lost wandering around the woods, and that's part of what makes the game so scary, especially when the sun is going down and you can't remember where your safehouse is.The other night, I sat in the dark with my one light on as my generator was running, and heard dogs outside the house. Suddenly, the dogs started yelping. something was KILLING them. My lights went out, i turned on my torch, and this shambling dude comes up to me with a stick, moaning. I got a couple of good hits on him and he ran, while shadows suddenly surrounded me in my lack of light....and then bam. Morning.Seriously one of the most tense games I've played. I can't wait to see how it turns out when it is out of alpha and complete!"
,Recommended,274520,13738013,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,mordaunt,"Tl;DR: Dark. Scary. Unforgiving. Awesome.I've played a few hours when Alpha 2.0 was out. This game has really surprised me, in a good sense. It looks really promising in its current state.It's really hard, you are never spoonfed and learn by mistakes (most of them will kill you). Your highest priority is survival: gathering resources, crafting items and weapons to save you from the horrors of the night in the woods. Trust me, there's nothing like hiding in a corner of your house, in the dark, hearingsomethingkilling all the weaker creatures outside then bashing into your barricaded doors, moaning and growling.The characters are quite memorable. Even with few dialogue lines they have, I felt that no one in the woods should be trusted. They're all hiding something. The protagonist is just as strange and sick, having to quench his deadly thirst from the well every night.The graphics are lovely. Nothing too fancy, but almost every location looks like it was carefully crafted. I got that feel of presence while being in the woods. Oh, and the world is randomly generated, so every new playthrough means a new scheme of your survival."
76561198047332174,Recommended,274520,13852854,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,HAAS_BioFox,VERY IMPORTANT: the game at this point in time is somtimes being picked up as a virus by some anti-virus software and depending on your software you maybe unable to play it you can get past this by turning anti-virus off.The game it's self however is quite good and enjoyable I think the £11.99 is a bit much for what it is. but if you have the money to burn or see it on sale I'd advise you pick it up and give it go. But keep in mind the message aboveHappy surviving
76561198069143722,Recommended,274520,15498982,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Kiha,spoopy
76561198082633145,Recommended,274520,15565708,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Solar Amaterasu,"I would like to start off by saying, I do like this game, it was really fun at first and the first survival rpg that I enjoyed. However my desire to play it has dropped to a complete zero. I'm don't mean to tell you how to make a game but dude....come on. I've re-built my home 3 times over and every time I do those stupid insects get in even though i had all of my doors, and windows baricaded and spread that♥♥♥♥♥♥(literally it is♥♥♥♥♥♥ everywhere. ANd the only way is to get rid of it is Gasoline? The resource you make completely neccisary for every other thing you do? I really do love this game but I'd love to see either the bug storm stop happening, because there's no point in making any of the traps, improvments or any of that when there are monsters that spawn inside your house. Or make some other way to clean up that black fecial matter they leave behind besides burning through the most precious resource in the game."
76561198116208480,Recommended,274520,15630644,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,DankSwiggitySwagNibelsnarf,"Pro-tip:  DON'T, GO WANDERING IN THE WOODS, TRYING TO FIND YOUR HOUSE LIKE A MORON...*MAN THAT WAS STUPID!*"
76561198011337061,Recommended,274520,15622654,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,tGx_DLGsW,"awesome game, untill day 10 where i couldn't move at all; a bit wierd but never the less a good survival game. Horror of this game was good for the art style, not so much in that fact about the monsters killing you, though still threating. This game is really good for a sense of adventure though, I just want to keep playing mainly for that factor.all and all it's:Pros are:-adventure-crafting-art styleCon's are:-lack of horror-bugs here and thereIt gets less scary as you die often (such as me while im playing, stated that it's an unfair game) but the horror is still there at night times when the unexpected things happen. Though I haven't gone through the game fully, once I have, I'll give it (most likely) a better review. Still recommond this game for people that like little scares and adventure."
76561198202485284,Recommended,274520,15644999,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,BlitzTheHitz,"This game is has survival yes, but this just taking it to the best of insanity that you will enjoy (or♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself) from the moment you start, to the moment you die. You might want to find something to save yourself from anything thats already on its way to kill you. HAVE FUN. :D 10/10 Would die again."
76561198035947421,Recommended,274520,15198567,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Slippery GUG Enthusiast,"So, for the record i havent finished this game yet. It may just be me but they probably need to put up a disclamer at the begining of the game to say that its hard coz jebus is this game hard. from that taste of story i have gotten so far, the plot itself seems very vague but focused at the same time, it would be great to see another game from Acid Wizard set in the same universe as Darkwood.my few itches that havent been scratched yet are the map mechanics, if there was a way to get your exact position on the map to show up that would totally open up the game, being in an area with no aparent landmarks with the sun going down and the ""locals"" crawling out of their hidey holes is both terrifing and frustrating. also, (quick note) the whole drinking from the well at the begining of the night is anoying. the threat of being hunted my monsters and the like is hard enough, and having that extra pressure of drinking from the well push's me as the player, closer to the keyboard smashing phase of frustration. It replaces the fear of the monsters with the fear of the insta-death-dehydration. if there was a drink bottle that you could use once a night, allowing you to hold up in other buildings overnight would make the whole ""lost and trapped in the scary woods"" more punctual.This game deservse more attention, being able to scare players from a 'topdown' perspective is a hard thing to do and Acid Wizard has done this well. However although there isnt much ingame punishment for dying, you should be afraid of it, due to it making the game loose pace and in some cases, die alltogether.Overall, the creepy and interesting plot, and clever rpg-survival mechanics have kept me returning to this gem, every once in a while."
,Recommended,274520,11415427,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Dubz,"The prologue really set the stage for me as I was already needing a change of pants due to how scary the ambience of this game is.The sound in this game is absolutely crazy. From the swing of an axe to the footsteps of an intruder in you house keep you on edge at all times. The second thing which really hit the scare factor for me was the vision cone. Not being able to see all around you keeps you spinning around, scanning the area like a radar whenever you hear a sound you didnt make yourself.My first night in was pretty traumatic. I sat in the dark corner of my house as I listened to god knows what murder a stray dog just outside my window. The next thing I'm hearing is this murderous creature climb through the window into my home. So I sat, waiting for the beartrap I set to go off, heart beating, eyes never blinking, axe held above my head; ready to crush whatever might be infront of me. And then it found me. A crazed human like creature with a spear. It growled like an angry zombie and we traded a couple of blows before it finally wouldn't get back up. I looted some pills from it and went back to my corner and waited for sunrise.The next day I went out scavenging and was killed by wild pigs. Permadeath was on. 10/10"
76561198089314595,Recommended,274520,11446487,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,frogmouth,"EDIT: Originally negative, changed for a few reasons.It's a really excellent and well-made for a early access title. The art style looks good and gives me the creeps, and the in-game sounds make the game suspenseful and scary. The gameplay is quite fun so far, and being chased by banshees and the like make the game even more terrifying. The fact that you can only see things in your peripheral vision makes it more realistic. You'll find that you will be jerking all over the screen, trying to find the source of those terrifying noises in the dark. I reccomend this game to anyone who enjoys survival-horror.NOTE TO MAC-USERS: The game has a major bug right now that only effects Macs. The game will crash after a few minutes of gameplay. The update to fix this will be out very soon, so don't you worry! There are also a number of fixes in the discussions that work sometimes."
,Recommended,274520,11462847,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Nevasol Ltd.,"The description of the game says it all, darkwood is not an easy experience, in fact you'll die loads of times at the beginning, after the prologue, while you have to search for items around or even when you feel safe in your own place, the weakness of your character enhances the tensed atmosphere around you and the sounds heard in the dark are doing an eerie job, a part for a few bugs, one that i encountered in the prologue, the game flows well if you are capable of surviving for long, fighting is extremely difficult and weapons are easily damageable. At the beginning i didn't get scared at all, but once i got used to the atmosphere and collected equipment, i began to feel the sensations that an horror game should give."
,Recommended,274520,11467704,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Kaevous,"I personally like this game yet there are a few bugs IE the save system being the main one, yet all things aside its a good game so far I have yet to complete the first chapter in the game due to getting lost in the darkness or i get killed by a savage but my rating out of 10 i would say a 7/10"
76561198000591184,Recommended,274520,11431687,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,[NPULSE]Cryptic,Great sound and art style.
76561198136133646,Recommended,274520,11433724,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Jed,"I have been waiting for this game for over a year when the trailers and screenshots and such were released, and it does not fail to deliver, 10 minutes into the game and I was hiding in a corner praying for mercy before being murdered by an unknown enemy (no light source).  10/10 from me."
,Recommended,274520,11434289,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Statistx,"At first some points and after that a retelling of an awesome ingame night.The game is early access and thus has some issues here and there. One that happened the most to me was getting stuck in the inventory animation, not being able to move anymore and one time the only control it accepted was moving, with everything else not responding. So be advised about that if you buy it right now.Other than that: It's great. I can't remember what other game nailed the sounds that good and was able to get the creepy athmosphere across from a top down 2d perspective.Another thing that might turn people off is the difficulty:Lots and lots of dying. Be it animals, monsters, stepping into poisonous areas or mushroom patches and so on.Your accessibility to weapons is limited and to good weapons even more.It doesn't help that every time you die you lose all your food (which is used to progress your skills) and every equipable item loses durability with most of them being either rare or frail to start with.Now to my story inside the game:Stumbling around in the dark, hearing wooden doors in the distant creak or small twigs in the wood snap, only to turn around and see that there is allready a birdheaded monster standing behind you.Rain and Thunderstorms with different sounds depending if you are inside or outside and a view cone that adapts to the light (ie. if you are in a totally dark room, you basically see♥♥♥♥♥♥.I was in the room of my HQ cabin, stood in a corner to wait out the night, one single light in front of me that could always turn off if the generator outside loses fuel and aside from the 3 barricaded windows there is one door, which I barricaded with a crate. Distand wolfhowls (that originate from actual NPC wolves) and then the horrifying creaking of the floor in the next room....something is inside the cabin.I waited it out but then it happened, the crate moves. someone pushes against the door, slowly but steady and moves the crate with that. Then silence, the door opened and one of the birdskullheaded monsters walks into the room towards me. stops, looks around, seemingly doesn't see me and turns around, walking up and down the room, repeating the same routine 2 more times before FINALLY leaving.Pretty ♥♥♥♥ing intense and the amazing part: It's top down 2D graphics that are able to build that kind of athmosphere."
76561198039504936,Recommended,274520,17095886,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,S1cK-Fr3D,I couldnt play more than 30 minutes. Best 16$ spent in my life.Wish I had use the money for beers instead...
76561198138471266,Recommended,274520,17301732,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Romanspring,"This game is really kreepy,and hard for gameplay,but i like that game for a good story line,and darkness atmospher.Recommended,you are not fault when you buy this game.And,waiting 2 episode ;)"
,Recommended,274520,17310754,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,BASED Justice(OUT OF TOWN),"Incredible game, even at it's current state it feels like a finished game. Pays homage to games like Silent Hill, and Resident Evil. This is the horror game of the year."
,Recommended,274520,16948871,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Dae,"One of the very few ""Good"" Survival horror games found on steam.No pity for the player, It will literally rub you all over the ground due to how challenging the game is."
76561198042485718,Recommended,274520,17391768,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,ZJbroski,"Love this game, everything looking good so far. I was wandering if you could add a function where you could lock your doors to your hideouts in stead of barricadeing them that way you would just have to fix your door if they bust in. Also maybe be able to upgrade your doors? Just some thought, keep up the good work."
,Recommended,274520,18465004,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Yankee,I Love This GameI really would like to have Co-op Mode added in this it would be even more fun with a buddy
76561198027985197,Recommended,274520,18350995,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Spite425,Had me jumping after 10 minutes. I love it!!!
76561198060537940,Recommended,274520,18438904,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Nukamedia,"Great horror game, great survival game, great combo of the two. Got to night 3 so far only died once, I'm sure it'll get harder very soon. Great atmosphere to the game it's just really fun to play and a good game overall. Definitely looking forward to all the future updates, and possibly even a mobile version someday. I'd love to play this on my iPhone 6, would buy again for sure."
76561198135166305,Recommended,274520,13095846,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,BanzaiBeethoven,was running through the forest chasing a bunny......then i just died10/10 would get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥again
76561198183884163,Recommended,274520,18539187,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Dude Guy,"Things in this game can go 1-100 real fast, whether it would be loot(almost impossible),events, or enemies"
76561198069196375,Recommended,274520,18585043,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,RandomMrAsian,"I just beat the game it took me around 4 days to complete the alpha chapter one.I enjoyed this game the weapons, the used items, crafting, and looting.Im looking foward for the future undates, about upgrading guns, and crafting more items. and more chapter!Please keep updating this game10/10"
76561198195153842,Recommended,274520,18556857,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Aka Manto,I truely enjoy this game!! Its been a long while since ive played a game with so much mystery. I also love how dark this game is. I cant wait to see more content from this game. This game also is pretty hard but isn't unfair. Game developers seem to have a hard time making a hard game that isn't unfair. Well these guys nailed it on the head.
76561198090102734,Recommended,274520,18678070,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,JOKERJAM,why the wood is so dark?
,Recommended,274520,11445302,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Darkovika,"Before I start, I want to say that this review was written during Alpha Build 1.1, and there are still quite a few bugs. The developers gently suggest against loading a save, and you get massive FPS drops when you get near areas- ESPECIALLY the Pig Shed, or whatever it's called.THAT SAID.I am SO glad that I bought this game. It is SO scary.You're probably thinking, ""How is a top-down game scary? You can just see everything.""No. No you can't.This game is top-down, yes, but all you can see is that hey, there's grass and not metal thingies. You can't see ANYTHING until your line of sight, much like the beam of a flashlight (NEVER EVER MISTAKE IT FOR THE BEAM OF A FLASHLIGHT, it is NOT a flashlight), alights on whatever is there. This includes mushrooms, traps, monsters, chests, and other forageable items. You will not know it is there unless your line of sight, flashlight, flare light, torch light, whatever is covering whatever it is you're looking for.The game is HORRIFICALLY frightening. You hear things way before you see them, and at night, you hear them and- hopefully, if your windows are boarded up and your back door blockaded- never see them. The prologue had me tense and on absolute edge, nearly driving me into insanity at the very end before dumping me into the actual game- and while the prologue is skippable, don't play until you've gone through the prologue. It REALLY sets the mood for the game and isn't a tutorial... Which is actually what I think it's supposed to count as.Tl;Dr: It doesn't show you diddly-squat despite being a top-down, the game is dark as BALLS and likes to throw monsters at you, and you never know what's coming at you until it's in your face. When I walk into a building, I walk into it with a weapon held high over my head and my pants soiled in terrified tension. I screamed when I walked into a chicken. A NORMAL, NON-MONSTER CHICKEN. It clucked and followed me, so I named it Kevin.Buy it. I highly recommend it. This game is good right now, which is why I was okay with buying it. I hope it gets even better down the line! Especially with that FPS drop thing."
,Recommended,274520,11446055,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Cyborg MacThrust,This game is the embodiment of unease.  You will not feel comfortable or safe at any point that you play it.  You will know what it is to hope for a death that will not come because only death can free you from the madness and horror that your every waking moment has become.  Buy it.  Now.
,Recommended,274520,11448997,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Styx Helix,You Dead.Darkwood : Prepare to die editon
,Recommended,274520,11450126,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,WHY SO ANGRY?,"Do you fear the nightmare?No?YOU WILL!THEY COME EVERY TIME!ALWAYS WANT YOUR BLOOD !AND ONLY ONE THING WHAT YOU CAN DO FIGHT AND WAIT FOR SUNSET!Now normal talk:+Big fu$%ing wood+Atmosphere+Interesting ways!You can survive,but what you will do to survive?Kill someone?Grab all his things?He is dead.But...He cant do anything bad to you?+New updates+Level up- or + for you HARDCORE!"
,Recommended,274520,11423064,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,LibraGrey,"I have just purchased this game and am enjoying the experience so far! It has fantastic atmosphere, and keeps me on edge, but not quite scared enough to stop playing and cradle myself in a corner. I do have to turn up the brightness, because MAN when they say Darkwood, they really mean DARKwood.I found that the prologue could be a little vague in finding your way around at first, but otherwise a great exploration game! This has been one of the few games that I am quite impressed with for an early access. You already get a good experience for what you're paying.It seems to me that this is a truly a unique experience, and I can't wait to see how this continues to develop!"
,Recommended,274520,11423451,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,ARandomMeatball,"This game has such a wonderfully engrossing atmosphere. The game's atmosphere feels very dark, and you can't help but get the feeling that something ominous is around every corner. It would be a cross between the atmospheres of Dark Souls and Amnesia. I can't wait for what the devs have in store for the future, because they have done an amazing job so far. I would HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone that likes a very in-dpeth game with a dark, brooding atmosphere."
,Recommended,274520,11424129,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,UnholyV3nd3tta,"I have maybe an hour or two under my belt on this game so far. And I have to admit it's a pretty good game so far. It has a really nice atmosphere so far and the game's mechanics are pretty easy to get used to. Definetly would suggest to anyone looking for a very promising game. I will say this though, I haven't really found anything too scary about it this game yet, but I'm pretty hard to scare. I have seen a few things that some people may call a ""scare"" if they play it (IE. jump scares, loud and aprupt nosies, etc.) still a good game all around. 4/5"
76561198065452743,Recommended,274520,11426184,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Action Bastard,I am not sure if not putting a tutorial in was apart of adding to the feel of the game but that is the only downfall to it. Its brutaly hard and a very good scare. If you like indy horror games this is a great game to add to your collection.
,Recommended,274520,11426973,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Ulaxes,"Already a fantastic game in early access, I think this will be a small indie hit in the future. Really dark, creepy atmosphere and challenging gameplay. For me the first game, that captures the feeling of being lost in the woods. I'm really hyped about the NPCs and story bits. Very weird and special. It also brings in a good piece of RPG gameplay, that sets this game apart from a lot of other sandbox type games. Be careful though, this game is Hard!"
76561198079530706,Recommended,274520,11428938,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,✝Ｈｏｏｄｗｉｎｋ✝,"My first horrifying experience in Darkwood happened on the second or third night. I had just sprinted all the way back to my some-what fortified base, took a drink from a well, and made my way inside. I began shutting all the doors I could, and got into a room I had began to call my safe-haven. The two windows in that room were boarded up, but there was one thing I had left untouched... the door. The previous nights had shown me, or I had thought had shown me, that I could just push a dresser infront of it and it would all go peachy. So I left it that way. But little did I know, it wouldn't go as planned on this night. About halfway through the night, as I'm backed into a corner scared half to death of all the noises coming from outside, I begin to hear, ""rrrrrrrnnnnnnnn!"" It sounded like the dresser I had infront of the un-barricaded door was being pushed. So, on instinct, I whipped out my flashlight, and shown it at the door, and in mid struggle, there it was, this creepy black creature, pushing the dresser out of the way. I was terrified, all I could do was hide, so I turned off my light, took out my only weapon, (a board with a few nails in it) and backed myself into a corner. I couldn't see anything, I sat there, scared half to death, with my board ready, for the rest of the night. Then, when the sun began to rise, I heard the dresser slide across the floor once again, as the creature left. ~ABSOLUTELY ♥♥♥♥ING TERRIFYING!~"
76561198123113565,Recommended,274520,11429969,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Mark Timbi,This is is cool but is pretty hard to play. I can't find the places i want and keep dying lol .
,Recommended,274520,11437016,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Trodan,"Very well made for Alpha, can't wait for updates for the game! If you are looking for a game that will give you a few  small jump scares, this is it. A very casual horror."
,Recommended,274520,11454334,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,imppersonal,"This game isn't perfect, but for a recently released Alpha, it is very good.  I didn't expect a lot here, and I was actually expecting a first person experience, but the game turned out to be a top-down game that is comparably far along for a recently released Early Access game.  I highly recommend it to people looking for a game that plays like it's a lot further through the process than you might think, and to people who are curious about the game.  It's definitely fun."
,Recommended,274520,11455690,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Chaotic Zombie,"After the first 4 or so hours of playing, I'm totally hooked. The game is exciting to explore, unnerving, difficult, and worth every penny."
,Recommended,274520,11455759,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,TAYNAY,"Very Creepy and Atmosphereic. Hard as hell though, the only weapon you'll have most of the time playing being the infamous plank with nails, while having to face monsters that can two hit kill you. Only complaints I have with the game: weapons are too hard to find along with sources of illumination.BUT hell man this is an AWESOME game, totally worth the money for me right now. Ive had plenty of scary moments, one of which I will share with you now...Night of the 2nd day. Doing pretty good. Got myself a alcohol bandage, a savage's twig, plenty of nails and boards, and some gasoline for the generator of the safehouse. I had just finished barricading the last window of the house when I see the well activate, telling me that night has offically begun. I quickly run outside via the side door and take a drink, then go back inside and barricade the door with my last remaining nails. I stand back to admire my haniwork, but my bright mood is cut short by the blabbering of a savage approaching the house. I snap out of my ""safe"" feeling and run back to the kitchen oven and sit in the corner to await the arrival of daylight.I sit there, my twig in hand, regretting that I did not have enough time to refuel the generator in my haste to barricade the safehouse. I hear a feral dog in the distance, getting closer. Angry growls are heard, and soon I hear the savage outside my house getting attacked by the dog. A few seconds later, I hear only the dog making any noises, and I can conclude who won the struggle. I feel relieved that the barricades are keeping them out of the house, and feel as if I might just survive the night. Then I hear something else approaching the house. But this wasnt a dog or a savage, it was a new monster. It had ghostly moans and wails that make chills run down my spine. I hear the whelp of the dog, and then, silence. I sit there completely still as I concentrate all my mind on the sound of this new threat. It's moans re-emerge, and it is right outside the kitchen window. ""Please go away"" I plead in my mind ""Please go away"". Then, I remember the only place in the house that I couldnt barricade, a hole in the side of the house that I blocked with a wardrobe.I hear the squeaking of the wardrobe's legs against the floor as it is moved.I light a few matches and drop them on the floor as the thing bashes through the kitchen door. It stares at me with glowing white eyes and lunges towards me. I frantically swing my stick in front of me, only to see that the blows are near harmless to the creature. I desperately try to escape the room as the creature bashes away at my health. I make it to the doorway as I hear a bone crunching sound, and my character falls. I am dead, and soon the creature stands over me, its pure white eyes the only thing amist the darkness of the night..."
,Recommended,274520,11457343,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Thelnobody,mixing mushrooms n♥♥♥♥♥♥.. in a needle .. then injecting you self with it ... 10/10
76561198145400156,Recommended,274520,13543997,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,ChipotleShart,Pretty good game. Atmospheric and immersive.
,Recommended,274520,11442891,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Atticus Zed,"Every time I play this game, I run the intro. And it scares me every time, even though it's scripted and I know every second of it by heart.And that's before the actual game even begins.Don't let the weird top-down aspect turn you off of this one, or the Early Access tag, either. The actual game may often put more emphasis on survival in this survival horror, and YES, it has CRAFTING too, but it is still easily of of the best actually scary horror games to date  ( though it could be said that it has an edge, what with so many horror games today not being even slightly scary ).Despite the Early Access, there is still a solid game here, even in its Alpha. These guys aren't showing any signs of leaving this game in the dust either, but I personally would happily pay what they're asking just for the game they have now."
76561198050605303,Recommended,274520,19818203,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,The Guardian Adapter,"EDIT:i have waited over a year for this game to get the updates it needs so badly...i will give the game a little bit more time, but after that and it still doesnt update i will delete it and move on, i have high hopes for this and i hope they fix it soon.The game starts off a little confusing but then u come to catch on after playing for around an hour or so, i am not gonna spoil the game for you, but i will say this, if u play and your day becomes a yellow tint, that means get your♥♥♥♥♥♥to a safehouse or you will die, and no im not kidding...the other reviews are good, but you need to know that the game so far is worth it, its' a good top down survival horror, and you'll find yourself avoiding enemies more than fighting them, and yes mushrooms are freaking ANNOYING, i have died that way many times T.T sorry for that lil spoiler but i am sure other players can agree the mushrooms make you feel like jack black in tenacious d:the pick of destiny movie except you die at the end and say the ""what the F#%$"" like he did at the end. Enjoy the game it is worth the buy. Let us hope the devs update this and keep us up to date and not ditch us....i think later on this could be a really good coop storyline add as well....which would be dlc but still"
76561198332220500,Recommended,274520,33134703,Posted: 2 July,all,mr.indieperson,"10/10 survival horror, i am seriouslyI won't repeat. The heavy and dark atmosphere is the main feature, in my opinion, of this game.And the feeling of the unknown. Those sounds outside the house among the dark wood, and a scrapping in adjoining rooms.I would see more mistery and strange events at night time. I even don't want to read wiki's and hints, because i want to keep this misunderstanding of what is happening."
76561198000301511,Recommended,274520,33472385,Posted: 11 July,all,Kitsuneternal,Spooky. Difficult. Original. Intriguing. Definitely recommend.
76561198100771358,Recommended,274520,33362436,Posted: 7 July,all,KANEDEADMEN,"only 3.6 hrs in and wow this game is soo dark, its exactly what the doctor ordered"
,Recommended,274520,33499235,Posted: 13 July,all,Makadon,"Survival, adventure, atmosphere, immersion. Captivating horror."
76561198126818209,Recommended,274520,33558443,Posted: 15 July,all,Takeru247,"This game is unsettling from square one. you get only the slightest of help, no objective at the start and no means to know what is going on or how to save yourself. In truth you are alone to die.I was skeptical at first if the art of the game would put a right mood to the game and i was not displeased it has set the dark mood correctly and I look forward to playing more of this unforgiving game.PS. ♥♥♥♥in dogs."
76561198035576184,Recommended,274520,33623494,Posted: 17 July,all,GoverningSole15,"Right off the bat you are hurled into a surreal and seemingly empty world with no objective, no resources, and no help. I am writing this review with only two hours into the game but what I've seen so far is unlike anything I've ever laid my eyes upon. This game takes the best (and I mean best) parts from games of the survival horror genre and adds it's own twist of horror and madness to create the most entertaining, terrifying, and involved game of it's type. The art style is gorgeous and the simple details such as grassy fields blowing in the wind are an oustanding touch to the already in-depth world. The characters you meet aren't run-of-the-mill copy and paste characters, no not in Darkwood. These characters are all very unique and offer much depth to the overall atmosphere. I've been following this game for years and I can proudly say that I am truly excited for future content. This is an early access title that is renewing my hope in the idea of early access."
,Recommended,274520,14234332,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,The Dude,Thumbs up! Refreshing from all those fps I play.
,Recommended,274520,14332800,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Gustav_Black,"good survival horror game, wasn't expecting how well done it is, and keeps finding ways to surprise me."
76561198085270602,Recommended,274520,14336191,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,PhantomPheonix8,"This is a very immersive experience that gets your heart racing as you try to survive. The pace can be slow at times, but there are always interesting things to be found. I recomend this game for patient players."
76561198076707173,Recommended,274520,14380186,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Fire Templar,good GAME
76561198010124423,Recommended,274520,14723051,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Dio Brando,"Great Atmosphere, Gives off the silent hill feel as you fight off monsters and other survivors to keep yourself alive. if your a fan of survival games or horror games in general i seriously recommend this game to you"
,Recommended,274520,14952385,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,SickTag,"A sickness plagues the land and a wood of mysteries to uncover...during your daylight adventures away from your house.  But at night, you drink from your well, and barricade yourself in as the darkness closes in, and creatures seek you out.The night was drawing in and the woods began to moan like a corpse.  I turned on the generator, and made my way into my house.  I dragged a stool into one room with two doors, one being the front door, and no windows, and dragged a lamp into the room with me.  As I did this, I could hear things beyond words moving around the outside of the house.  Foot steps?  What is that slithering sound like something running long fingers over the outside walls of the house?I set up a bear trap near the front door, where I think something might come from, when I hear something slither over the window sill and into the house, fromthe other room.  The sounds it makes are like a drowning man made of clay, and chills me to the bone.  I back away from the door to the other room, stool braced to keep it out.  It moves somewhere and the darkness thickens like a fog of ill intent.  I back into the corner behind the front door.The door rattles leading into the next room, and the nob turns slowly.  I raise my weapon and ready myself to fight and scream as madness in form that is walking in my house sets upon me.  But the door quiets.  I cannot hear it moving in the other room.  There is a slight crack in the wall I could peer through, but terror has me glued to the spot.  Is it lurking just outside the door, waiting for me to draw nearer so it can lunge against the foyer's door, swollowing me into the darkness in which it came?Silence.  Somewhere a dog howls, in the distance.  Perhaps it is the pack of hungry dogs that gave me chase the day before?  There is the sound of dogs fighting and yelping suddenly, and I near run to throw myself against the door to keep what is lurking out.  Nearly.I listen as the dogs fight somewhere in the darkness.  Did it leave and found the dogs instead?  Should I brace the door?  I am frantic and torn between what I should do.  I have forgotten the front door that I am hiding behind.  The lamp is pressed against it.Suddenly the front door bursts open, the lamp flies back, and the door, opening inwards blocks my view from whatever stormed in to eat me.  However, it blocks it's view of me.  I can hear it growling and thirting for my very soul.  It makes a grunt like the grave, and thuds foward towards the other door, intending to throw back the stool and search the house for me, room from room with the intent of eating me howling and thrashing.As it moves foward I hear the bear trap spring with ravenous metal hunger and the meaty snap as it slaps through monsterous flesh is sickening.  The thing unseen sreams a surprised and wet gurling scream and there is a thud.I slowly push the front door closed again and the thing's shape begins to come into focus.  It's hairy and a lump of clay like features, and the darkness outside thickens.  Suddenly the generator gives a dying cough and I am alone in the dark with the thing.  Is it really dead?  Where is it?  I can't see but one foot infront of me.  Does it have a friend near by?  The darkness caresses my cheak as I stand blinking into the dark.There is the sound of stirring outside.  I hear a door somewhere in the house creak open and then closed.  I grip my board with a couple nails hammered in it, a pathetic weapon for defense, and it gives me no comfort.  There is a sound again outside, but it is just outside the front door.  It sounds like...sniffing...smelling me in the dark...The darkness begins to receed, but whatever is outside is moving again, and I can hear it at one of the windows in the room next to mine, the one with only a door and a stool keeping me safe.  It moves off into another room and then there is silence.The rays of the sun peek over the horizon and I know that I have made it through the night.  But will I survive another, or another after that?  How long will my luck hold out and will I find enough supplies to fortify my home?  The thing that died is gone, except for a wet splat where it was.  I step outside and check the outisde of the house and see a couple windows that I barricaded are open to the elements.  I move off to the north towards the sounds of the dogs from the night.  Just over the next clearing are number of blood puddles.  This is all that remains of the dogs.  Something came out of the woods and dragged them dying and yelping into the woods.  This pack of dogs could have easily killed me the day before, and something easily came for them this past night.  What do I do if it comes for me tonight?"
,Recommended,274520,15088359,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Kenvdsar,"Darkwood:8/10+ Challenging game.+ Always has a scary atmosphere, even if it's light outside.+ the Don't Stay in the dark at Night Idea is amazing ;)- U might die alot if u just started ;) (atleast i did)- Still a bit empty somethimes. But it's still early access so i don't complain that much about that.Would recommend this game to people who love to Survive in a Dark Forest, where u can't get out ;)It's a Challenging Game, especially when you just Started playing.You always have to go back to your house every night, to drink from that well, this might seem annoying, but i actually like it ;)I recommend this game not only for the people who like either horror or survival. but i recommend this game for everybody!! ;), it's challenging, always a bit spooky because you dont know what to expect. And has a funny story behind it (also some NPC stories added to it.)Good game! I'm happy it's in my library ;)"
,Recommended,274520,14314143,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Mr-Klay,"Atmospheric and Horrifying.First off, the sound is done wonderfully, nights are terrifying and often I find myself hiding behind the wardrobe waiting for dawn cryign like a baby-back-♥♥♥♥♥.I definitely reccomend this game to anyone who enjoys survival-horror done right."
,Recommended,274520,13035552,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Orthodox,"I don't know why this game isn't as popular as other games like Amnesia, Don't Starve, etc. This game is just amazing, and heres why.I have a horrible laptop, and the first time I played it, I just couldn't with all the lag. But after a while, it worked like a Jesus. Like he used the almighty hand of his left hand to make this piece junk (laptop). This is a top-down horror game, survival crafting, exploring and fighting. It's so dark in the game, the day is dark as night and the night is like you've died and went into a void. It's fun dying, and trying your best to stay alive, to die the next day. The game is extremely hard.I would recommend this to anyone, but buying at this price is up to you."
76561198048108721,Recommended,274520,13461876,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,"Archer, Leader of the Gorgonites",spooky
76561198004531228,Recommended,274520,13463499,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Grandmaster Rednecked Crake,"I have been playing this game since alpha 1.0Awesome development, frequent updates, wonderful game overall.Worth the investment, especially with the promised future additions of new content as EA stage continues.One of the best horror survival games I have played in quite some time.Darkwood is love, Darkwood is life.11/10"
,Recommended,274520,13463535,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,(PEW)HeatBlade,"Amazing game, not for everyone, but i love this as a top down horror, needs a free roam mode, but can simulate it just by not doing the missions."
76561198157885915,Recommended,274520,19670107,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Mrcrazyattire00,I like it.
76561198152045143,Recommended,274520,18389193,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Big Bosses left toe,i would just like to ask when you guys think youll be releasing the new update ive been very excited and eager to see what new things youll be adding
,Recommended,274520,17165413,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Hydrogeddonn,"""One is a man with his kindness having been tainted to hatred, while the other is merely a scavenging fox, trying to escape to his den... who will make it to the hole first?""I saw the price, and I wasn't appalled. I saw the content and I was perplexed, I played the game and now I want more.This game is difficult if you don't learn the ropes quickly, prepare to die multiple times. The darkness is always present, and you will learn to fear what is in the dark, rather than the fact you cant see. These developers made a  bombshell and they know it, yet they have wrapped themselves in such a subtle, thought-out story that it may be hard to progress to new chapters. I sincerely hope they deliver.Tip:Planks are your friend, the more you have, the better, and make sure you don't neglect their friends the nails. Barricades mean life or death.FYI: This is a game that doesn't get boring even though you have both a pistol and a shotgun, after all those only take down the small fry...-------UPDATE--------Its in alpha 7 now and they really are fine tuning this  game. They want the story and elements to be perfect. I really hope they don't abandon an ""Alpha"" game and stop the early access and run away with our money. They are preparing chapter 2 which is a good sign at least, but how many chapters will there be? To be continued......"
,Recommended,274520,20894109,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Hawk,"pros: Immersive, sounds are great, and gameplay's greatcons: Still in early access = lots of features to still be added, some bugs9/10"
76561198035712382,Recommended,274520,18705093,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Havoc,"Imagine a fairytale from the zone from S.T.A.L.K.E.R. Basically vodka induced eastern europe nightmare fuel, and it's freaking AWSOME, and scury."
,Recommended,274520,20756920,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Irrelevant,This game WILL make you scared of the night and the darkness.Awsome gameplay and atmosphere.But it's still in it's early stages and it takes ages for an update.Anything but that is great!
,Recommended,274520,20761519,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,The Doggomancer,"This game is a genuine horror which makes it stand out so much from the rest.From the graphics to the literature and down to the very gameplay it's an extremely promising gem to look forward to.tl;drgud graphicgud soundgud gameplaygud narrativezero jumpscarespure atmospheric horrorThe graphics make the game so aesthetically beautiful no matter what environment you're in, the little animations that brings it to life contribute greatly to the immersion.At a few points in the game there will be some narrative to describe the environment beyond the 2D top-down view and it does so in a poetic way that it doubles up with the graphics and really gives you the feeling of a realistic atmosphere.Sounds you hear at night; the echoing of moving furniture and stomping around indoors, the distant yelping from dogs being attacked by God knows what, and the music that plays during the morning segments.Being so afraid of what may be out there that you cower in a corner or lock yourself off in a room, tense from the idea that something might crash through the barricaded window, or push aside a wardrobe you used to block a door. Such small little tasks become the biggest deal in this game, and not in a frustrating way; for the story and world keeps you compelled to continue, waiting in anticipation for the next day so that you can get those resources you wanted or explore that location you didn't have time to explore the previous day.Acid Wizard Studio are doing the best they can to turn this game into an ideal horror experience that any fan of it will enjoy."
,Recommended,274520,19854933,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Intelligence Dampening Core,"This game is great, and it is one of the Early Access games worth getting. Not only is it a good game in its current state, but the developers are still frequently fixing bugs and changing annoying mechanics, and in the majority of updates there is also a lot of new content."
76561198030060580,Recommended,274520,19898049,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Mr. Meeseeks,Amazing and original concept. True Terror at night
76561198022132630,Recommended,274520,21115021,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,President Taft,"I personally didn't like it much, but I felt that most of the mechanics, the art style, and the story were more than good enough for me to leave a positive review."
,Recommended,274520,21964594,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Reaper of the winds,i would have to say this game holy hell is it a good horror game even though it's top town there is deffinately times to be had in this game deffinately...... though watch out night time is the worst
76561198016945451,Recommended,274520,21655624,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Shittles,"Holy Balls....who could've imagined a top-down view could be so terrifying. Creative and intricate design, off putting landscapes, unsettling and restless nights. I've played it inconsistentely, and with every new update, I've had to restart the game to get the new content. By all means it's good, but loses it's appeal with constant changes again and again. I do recommend it whole heartedly, but to be patient for its final release. I still enjoy it now, but would like some stability as well. Some additions aren't brilliant as of now and hopefully will improve in the future. I don't know when the official release will be, I just hope Darkwood fulfilles the anticipation."
76561198203229136,Recommended,274520,21751420,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,The Gaming Geek,I like the game verry much it has a great ambiance and the blood cloud creatures make me run for my life (Literealy in the game) though they said that there were going to be save problems as well as other that just come with the games i know this isn't fully released but I just hope that if they at least fix the save bug before they release and the only tip I could give them is to work on the scariness of the story and bring back some of the things like exploding bodies and so on that really helped the scare affect of it because people were wary to scavange certan things do some reserch into edgar allen poe I think his works will be of great help since this is kind of like something he would write if he was a game maker also take some insparation from R.L. Stine I beleive his works can help the story line as well other then that it's great in the beginning  but can be much better and more horific
76561198002740393,Recommended,274520,21751069,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Ant_man {Ak},"A wonderfully dark and satisfying atmosphere.The audio in this game is one of the highlights its almost as important as your viewing distance, alerting you to the many interesting creatures, in this thriller survival game.Run, fight, sit there and cry as night approaches. Each choice you make can be your last as you cross through the Dark Wood.This is a great Early Access game, plenty of content already, and a compelling story to keep you interested in what’s going on. I recommend this game to anyone who is tired of the usually games on the market and want to get a different experience while gaming."
76561198079719887,Recommended,274520,21134452,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Yanno,This is what I've been looking for in a survival game. Even in alpha its pretty good.
,Recommended,274520,21246509,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,JD Swifty,"A brutal, intelligent and overall terrifying game. Gritty as all get out and a real challenge. Buy if you want to soil your shorts."
76561198069607925,Recommended,274520,20366016,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Adhibitus,"Well, i plan on doing a better review in the future, but i just want to get this out there: I love this game. I am a horror freak by nature, and this is not the first survival horror on my list, but from the get go i fell in lobe with it. Buy it, for real, it is worth the money if you can afford. Buy it and dive into it, do not look gameplays nor walktrhoughts, it will spoil the thrill of experimenting and exploring. For me this game is a perfect 10/10, and for horror aficionados with a thing for indie games, is a must play"
,Recommended,274520,20397270,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Stoneheart,"Played it since July 2014I still wait for major content updates, but...no, not yetHowever, the game is really unique and scary.I recommend it."
,Recommended,274520,20525527,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Silent Night,"This game is great, I enjoy this game very much, its very challenging and very unforgiving. To top it all off the Permadeath function really keeps you on your toes for the harder difficulties. If I were to recommend a game to anyone whos looking for an impossible challenge without it being a rage game, i would definitely recommend this one"
76561198022108347,Recommended,274520,20671847,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Bane,i FRCKIN LOVE this game
,Recommended,274520,20097522,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Jaheebut,"started game. survived a few nights w/o dying. walks outside. sees moose. before moose sees me, i throw molotov at moose and light him on fire. moose apparently doesnt give a ♥♥♥♥ and charges me, the combination of moose and fire kills me. I love this game"
76561197976259471,Recommended,274520,11459573,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,AZSLIMJIM,"You can still tell its an early access game, but it is definitely a lot of fun and has an awesome sound track. The top down perspective is an interesting change and makes the game look unique"
76561198067101397,Recommended,274520,14876281,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Fenneca,"One of the best, if not the only good indie survival horror game i've played, though it has been in EA for a long time, the small dev team as cut few things, and rushed nothing, though this game is top-down, its art style, sounds, and over all lonely feeling has created one of the best horror atmospheres in games."
76561198028170373,Recommended,274520,20309827,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Benzin,"Update July 2017Yay! game is about to release! cant wait to play the (finally!) finished version!Update Dec. 2016:Looks like the devs are back and hard at work on this title again. And since my original toughts on the game still stand (it IS a good game), i think its fair that i change the review back to positive.Hope to see the whole & finished game soon!Update Sep. 2016:Im changing my review to negative because it is now obvious the devs are ""too busy"" to finish this game. Months go by without any updates.Yes, i know its an indie game, and the devs are a small team. But still its just too much time without any updates. Other EA games i bought at about the same time as darkwood (namely Subterrain and Frozen state) are now OUT of early accesss, and this game hasnt even been updated! This one was ""released"" in Jul, 2014 For christ sake! earlier than Frozen state or subterrain!Too bad really, i like the game and i think it had potential.This game is still in early access, and imho its allready way better than many (dare i say most?) ""finished"", sometimes expensive survival horror games out there today.Its also very polished, and by far the most bug free and functional pre-release game ibe seen. The only reason you know its an unfinished/early access game is because it sais so on the main menu. If they removed this legend you really wouldnt notice, as i have yet to find a serious bug or problem with the game.It has great atmosphere, great immersion, smart & simple crafting mechanics, ZERO handholding (key for a survival game), no ""objective markers"", ""magic GPS like"" positioning on the map (you actually need to keep track of where you are or youll get lost & die!), This game actually makes you feel ""uneasy"" (or just plain scared if you scare easy) during the nights, when you are standing in the corner of your room, behind your barricades & traps, praying that they manage to keep the evil creatures outside.Another thing i like is that besides being a survival game it has a story. I have not finished the game yet, but so far i like the story.Basically (setting the story aside) the gameplay is you need to explore the map to find resoruces (gas, wood, metal parts, building materials, etc) to secure your house for the night, and you must do this during the day, as going out at night is suicide. Then setup your defences and survive the night, the time when ghosts, monsters and evil creatures (no zombies this time THANK GOD!), will try to get inside your house and kill you.Do you turn the generator on for some light in the night (at the expense of gas)? or do you set traps, barricades and stay perfectly still on a corner IN COMPLETE DARKNESS without making noise, hoping they wont notice you? Either way you need to remember you are not some kung-fu expert, RPG welding rambo who can kill anything, and the best way to survive is to avoid combat as much as possible, so if you want a combat game, this is NOT it. This one is about smarts, survival, planning and managing your time wisely.I almost forgot, if you think that because this game is ""top down view"" youre gonna be able to exploit this to your advantage (like see whats behind you), youre in for an un-pleasant surprise. You have a vision ""cone"", and tough you can see the map arround you, can only see whats in front of you. Just like you would in a First person game.If you like survival horror games, you will most likely love this one. Be warned thoug, its game is HARD. like i said there is no handholding, no ""radar"" or ""minimap"" and one wrong call might me your last.10/10 totally recommended!"
76561198086102485,Recommended,274520,33858625,Posted: 28 July,all,Winchester,"If I could describe this game's gameplay with one word, it would be dreadful. Not because I hate the way it plays, I actually love it, but because even from tge starting prologue, you know you're not playing as some invincible action hero, you're just playing as someone who's trying to survive in incredibly harsh conditions.......Like the description says, you're scavaging and fighting during the day, but as soon as dusk sets, you'll find yourself sprinting back to your hideout, because this game has the scariest night system I have personally experienced. You can hear the creatures walking outside looking for a way in, you can hear the cracking of wood as they try, and eventually break your barricades, you can hear their heavy footsteps as they look for a way to get to you. The game is very unforgiving because you never get to feel like a hero, I found myself cowering in fear as I uselessly used wardroves to try and cover the door at night, to keep me away from them, and literally pushing the wardrove back as they pushed it toward the room, and eventually got in.The soundtrack is incredibly fitting and the game OOZES with atmosphere, the music that plays when you're just mere minutes away from the safety of daylight is so perfect for the situation, because you simply made it through ONE night, and managed to escape death one more time, and you gotta do it all again the next day. I really recommend this game to everyone who enjoys a survival horror experience. I know I know it's a topdown thirdperson game but it makes up for this by only showing what's inside your character's field of view, you cannot see behind you, all you see is black and white.I think if anybody likes an alternate survival experience, and a real take on horror, they should spend 15$ wisely on this game, you surely won't regret it!"
76561198015078685,Recommended,274520,33687877,Posted: 20 July,all,teckman2,"I cant wait for release, im even more happy what this game was built up from. The developers have been active throughout the whole development stage and i want this to be an example of how game development should be, from start to finish. Thank you Acid Wizard Studio, you have my full trust and respect as developers."
76561198054156673,Recommended,274520,34166456,Posted: 11 August,all,Mishka,I've never thought I'd be so nervous watching someone from above.
76561198069891191,Recommended,274520,34237031,Posted: 14 August,all,Thermonuclear Chutney,"As of now (3.3 hours of playtime) this is probably one of the best games I've played and I very much doubt my opinion will be changed by further playtime. The atmosphere is perfect, it's one of the creepiest I have ever experienced in a game, how the hell they managed to make a top down game this creepy I don't know, but they've done it. The storyline is already incredibly interesting and I have barely started it as I have been spending my time collecting resources, making weapons and fortifying my hideout. My first day of home defence during the night was genuinely one of the scariest and tense gaming experiences I have ever had, standing in my bedroom holding a nailed wooden plank and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ myself at every noise I heard and just waiting for whatever wanted to kill me to come through the door made me think to myself this game is really something special."
,Recommended,274520,34563235,Posted: 28 August,all,氷Preserved Life氷,Good Game.
,Recommended,274520,34558942,Posted: 28 August,all,Kias,"I have been eyeing this game for awhile but didn't want to play another early access title. I was actually a bit shocked to see it released and jumped right in with what little free time I have these days (#dadlife) to see if it would scratch that survival, exploration itch I am always looking for.It did, with a healthy dose of horror, immersion, and a nice set of gameplay mechanics to boot.The narrative is very much in the dark souls fashion where you can discover as much or as little as you like as you play through the game. Item scarcity is balanced well enough that the game rewards convservation but won't punish you for using your goodies. Exploration is thematically satisfying and mechanically rewarding, with those who are willing to look in every cranny often gaining access to equipment, upgrades, and items earlier than they may normally be available. Extra bonuses await the puzzle solving sorts if you want to figure out the combinations to the dozens of optional stashes scattered throughout the game.The combat and survival balance felt solid in my one normal game run. Even when I was sporting a shotgun and a stack of shells, I never felt fully safe in the woods and the variety of night time encounters kept me on my toes no matter how well set up I made my hideout. It has a kind of difficulty that stays manageable so long as you are taking your time, but all it takes is a few panicked/rushed/complacent moments and things can go wrong quick. Bear traps will be your best friend and your worst enemy.Also, fun fact: The most terrifying thing a monster can do is knock politely and persistently on your front door. I'm not home, please go away."
,Recommended,274520,34555099,Posted: 28 August,all,pasta la vista,Really fun survival game.
76561197971309565,Recommended,274520,34567084,Posted: 28 August,all,FieldMedic,"Fun, very creepy, very atmospheric game. Audio design is fantastic and the visuals are suitably dark and disturbing. An interesting story and cast of characters rounds off what is one of the best survival horror games to emerge in a long time. Darkwood also features some wonderful mechanics, the night sequences being the best. Combat lets this game down a little bit but it's serviceable and adds to the tension and desperate struggle for survival.This game is definitely worth checking out. I tend to play fairly cautiously and methodically so a single play through with lots of exploring lasted me about 40 hours which at about 15 dollars is a bargain."
76561198170841691,Recommended,274520,34514610,Posted: 26 August,all,winteriscoming,"What a cool game. At first it might take a day or two to get the hang of it, but once you get there it really  pulls you in.It has a real visceral feel to the combat too. This is a real gem im not very far but man this feels like... Bloodborne type of scary world and it had some of the best uses of audio and atmosphere ive seen.  If this game gets dlc with maybe more building or mechanics like maybe a guard dog or some multiplayer, man its really one of the best love it. Thank you guys for all your hard work, please make dlc id happily drop 20$ for dlc for this game or a sequal. Too many times like with battlebrothers you find an amazing game that you juts cant get enough of and is so close to being a true epic, I hope I xcan continue this journey even longer. Im sure you have put a ton of effort in and are prolly very ready for a well deserved rest... however when you return I hope you see how far this game can go and make some dlc ;P Or a similiar type of game perhaps... Any way sorry for writing such a book. If you like the trailer then get this game it wont disapoint just have courage my friends for the Woods are Dark and Full of Terrors!!"
76561197980901776,Recommended,274520,34592475,Posted: 29 August,all,Ruby Pink,"The Darkness...it comes...Night after night, they come for you...The forest never rests, its always watching...Waiting...Can you escape?  Can you even escape?The door knocks, something shuffles in the night, growling...somethings smashing in through your barracaded window, you grip your only weapon tightly, you dont know how long it will be before they are in the room with you.  They are breaking in, you know its do or die, but then you see it; sunlight.  As they bear upon you, you hesitate....they are gone in a flash.And that was just one night...can you handle more?"
76561198110618496,Recommended,274520,34592987,Posted: 29 August,all,Kidd Fridge,I'm glad I found this hidden gem.
76561198019647314,Recommended,274520,34581505,Posted: 29 August,all,Eillipsy,"Honestly. This game actually geninuely scares me. I haven't ran into any straight-forward horror in a long time. (Let me clarify with straight-forward). The thing about horror is not about jumpscares. It's about the enviroment, the grey darkness, the sounds you hear besides a fan, the wind, or any sound that gives you the courage to walk through an eerie forest that never sees the sun. A lot of horror games and movies usually don't understand it's maximum pontential because they think that children can play a great role (It's upsurd). Horror isn't just something you can expect. It's something that drives you towards it's greatness. Horror takes time to adjust to your level where you eventually go insane.The only reason I played an hour of this because the game matches up it's slow, and grind of time comsumption. It really makes up for its horror level because I find it to be quite irritating to find everything that I needed to survive through the forests darkest nightmares. Like this game understands what SHOULD be the instinct of horror and survival. Darkwood merges itself with both these genres so incredibly well, that my courage drops from 80%. The struggle to find materials to help me survive is very difficult which makes it closer to reality, or what would it seem to be in real life. Trust me, most of humans are terrified to live alone in the darkness and live like this character. We wouldn't just be terrified, we would lose our minds.I underestimated this game big time. I thought it was going to be those other ♥♥♥♥♥♥ horror games that always involve that same jumpscare that is just losing my horror fill. However this type of game instantly gave everything that I lost for horror in a long time. It gave me that spark of hope for horror again. Whoever the developers are, you are way ahead in the pedestal of horror and survival. Please continue to be who you are, a lot of developers who make their games with their own incredible ideas usually miss that one ingredient,and thats being yourself.Fantastic job. Absolutely would love to see more of this in the future."
,Recommended,274520,34582167,Posted: 29 August,all,SeanPerryman,"I had kind of mixed hopes for this game, but I must say this has far exceeded my expectations. The premise is cool, the top-down view and controls are uncommon, and the graphics are fascinating. When I was in my house on the first night and an interior door opened on its own, I thought I was going to have a heart attack. 10/10"
,Recommended,274520,32893921,Posted: 27 June,all,Quakeguy,"Darkwood is the sort of video game that is incomparable to any other. This game is not only a labor of deep love, but it is so carefully crafted and exotic that attempting to compare it to any other released title does neither any justice. This is a top-down game that will have your pants filling from the♥♥♥♥♥downwards with a genuine crafted horror. This is Slavic horror at its absolute finest- a young Polish group breaking all sorts of molds due in part to them being naive and enthusiastic. ""Hotline Miami meets Blair Witch"" is something I have seen said several times about this game- it's simply not a proper comparison. This game is more psychologically distorted than Hotline Miami. The tension built, released, and built up again far exceeds the layered pacing of The Blair Witch.In terms of Combat, it is simple in its execution and varied in its approach. Melee, ranged, traps, and environmental usage all take factor. Its simplicity is a boon, and allows for very creative aggression from the player and nail biting defenses in the games evenings. The better weapons, the more you feel the weight of their impact on the enemies. The more accurate you become with the very rare guns that exist, the more satisfying they feel to use. Scarcity of ammunition and the requirement to repair weaponry add to a constant tension of knowing when to err on the side of caution.In terms of sound production, design, and usage, I cannot think of an indie game which has done it better. The utilization of sound effects in this game is absolutely top notch. I cannot sing the praises of this enough- everything from radio static, to enemy noise, to the differing weight in footprints allowing veteran players to know precisely what is lurking and stalking them adds to the atmosphere in the best of ways.Every other scene or building you will explore in Darkwood contains plot, lore, character development- all of which feed into an over-arching narrative that many players will not experience in a first playthrough, or second. For those looking for a story-driven horror game, Darkwood will offer you this in spades. There is no narrator telling you how to interpret the clues you find. As you play more, as you look back on your in-game journal and review information, cross-reference baubles with the locations they were found in, you will discover more and more stories in Darkwood than you thought existed. Each of them unlocks yet another piece to a puzzle you genuinely wish to solve.All of this is done without sacrificing the flow of the game. You can choose to think hard about what you find and piece it together, or simply marvel at the brains that would conjur such macabre machinations and continue just trying to escape Darkwood.This game is for a particular audience: for those who remember what it was like to be scared by video games in the 1990's and early 2000's, with all the lights off in your room and the television RCA/SD cables providing a warm comforting glow to the scares they were producing to you. Personally, I am a rather jaded, pessimistic, and cynical gamer these days. There hasn't been a game released in the last 5 years on the PC which has genuinely horrified me like Darkwood has. I am very difficult to manipulate into falling for the 'atmosphere' that developers in AAA companies desperately try and create. Darkwood is like the 'PT' demo outstretched for 15-20 hours of gameplay on your first playthrough- and trust me, you will replay it again."
,Recommended,274520,34352592,Posted: 19 August,all,aaaaaa,Excellently constructed and frightening world
76561198006573708,Recommended,274520,34353916,Posted: 19 August,all,cradoi10,"The atmosphere is fantastic, the game can be hard with 3 different settings (inf lives, 3 lives, permadeath).I ended up buying it not just because it's intelligent, no-jump-scares survival horror, with great crafting elemnts, and an almost Geiger-esque atmosphere, but because the gameplay is solid.Haven't felt this tense since Dead Space 1.Highly reccomended for more mature horror gamers, who expect more than shallow scares.-------------------------TWO CAVEATS: First, I am concerned about the length, as I've read conflicting reports. On permadeath however, I haven't made it past day 2 yet, which is solid as far as gameplay time.Second, the areas and maps in the game are only quasi-random. Loot drops, and map shape are different every time, but you'll see the same set pieces in random locations. This informs the first caveat, as I can't tell how large the maps are. Definitely does not seem like a sandbox game, it tells a linear story, in a Ullyses-like way.To the developers' huge credit, this is apparent before you purchase, in several forums. At no point was this ever presented as a game where you farm loot and experience, which is an honest thing to say on their part. Very impressed."
,Recommended,274520,34356427,Posted: 19 August,all,JorgenRe,Well made horrorish game.-Person creeped out by saw movies and Slenderman.
,Recommended,274520,34346195,Posted: 19 August,all,Super Jesus Dovahkiin,Ok this is a love hate relashionship i hate this game becuse SCREW HORROR GAMES  but i love this because it is a good horror game not just jumpscares so buy it if you want somthing new and those goddamn noises watch out for them ok
,Recommended,274520,12711491,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Leonard McCoy,"Darkwood is thick with atmosphere, tension, story—top-down survival horror at its very best. The entire package on offer is entirely enchanting and unique. An immensely satisfying, suspenseful journey not for the fainthearted!Darkwood has come a long way since its Early Access release in 2014 which was already a surprisingly polished showing. Over the span of three years additional development time has allowed the game to grow considerably in terms of contents. Several key gameplay components (such as progress from area to area) have also been completely revamped for the better. It's a complete package now that still keeps me on the edge of my seat even after 40-plus hours of playing.Darkwood's gameplay is governed by two phases: day and night. Daylight provides relative safety from raving creatures and it allows you to explore this dark fantastical world filled with unique and bizarre characters. Scavenge for materials, repair the hideout, craft and discover new tools and ultimately find a way out of the dark woods by unveiling many of its dark and mysterious secrets.At night you are at your most vulnerable. Barricade your hideout, repair doors and windows, upgrade the workbench to craft better stuff and prepare defend from any uninvited guest or ravenous creature. You should probably even drag some furniture in front of every door, equip a weapon, and cower in fear in one of the corners of the room. And once the light goes out because your generator is low on fuel or something, you might be in real trouble...In short, Darkwood is a real indie gem—it's difficult to fully convey how immensely satisfying and suspenseful the journey is in Darkwood. It's also one of those games where cranking up the gamma slider does nothing but rob you of that heart-rendering experience the game is trying to envelope you in. It's best played on nightmare difficulty (the way it was meant to be played) and in a darkened room with headphones on."
76561197999746350,Recommended,274520,34486941,Posted: 25 August,all,Linus,Great game!
76561197992332931,Recommended,274520,34479787,Posted: 25 August,all,Stalingrad,Love this game. Night time is intense!! Once daylight is upon you scavenge as much as you can and make sure to keep that generator topped up.
,Recommended,274520,29208082,Posted: 12 January,all,DARK3063,ok so far the game has not crashed again like it did in beta and the story is just as intreging as before
76561198005663836,Recommended,274520,34483480,Posted: 25 August,all,Pigna IL FREDDO,"a game that build terror through suspanse and no through cheap jumpscares. Support this fantastica game, you willl not regreat it"
76561198072846249,Recommended,274520,34452102,Posted: 23 August,all,manusveritas,"I've only played a few hours, but I'm engrossed. Even though it is a top down 2d game, it is incredibly engaging and honestly unsettling. It's part mystery and investigation, part survival and resource management. The mood that it creates with its disturbing art style and well composed music is foreboding and ominous, and it does a fantastic job of heightening the tension throughout your gameplay.The game does not coddle you at all, and it really harkens back to a different era of gaming. Combat is difficult and unforgiving, even on the default settings. The game takes you through a day/night cycle, exploring in the light and taking shelter in your hideout in the dark. You must pay close attention to noises and movement, anything could quite easily kill you if you aren't alert, and you can't see anything that isn't in front of your character. The entire combat and exploration style goes a long way to preserving that feeling of apprehension and fear, and I've already become accustomed to freezing and looking around whenever I hear an unexpected noise. It has truly been a delightful and challenging experience.Even with just a handful of hours played, I can't recommend this game enough, it is well worth its modest price tag. Seriously, you should definitely buy it."
,Recommended,274520,34471492,Posted: 24 August,all,Epople,I can only play in one or two day spurts. The tension and atmosphere are as thick as mud and I need to take a break so I can keep playing and keep my sanity. My board and nails don't do enough damage to the creeps that break into my house at night and some weirdo keeps banging on my door but I don't want to answer it.I love this game.
76561198038747025,Recommended,274520,34509699,Posted: 26 August,all,Lobster Pants,"If you want to be a developer, be like these guys.This game made me want to not play it. I got chills a lot. Things made me deeply uneasy. I was creeped out.I would recommend this to anyone who is sick of jump scares and wants to get their full-body-shiver on."
,Recommended,274520,11566071,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Katia,"Darkwood is a quality horror game from people who certainly did their homework on how to make one. The atmosphere, sound design, and ominous nature of everything set the stage for uneasy and anxiousness. Even with a disconnection from the character in the form of a top-down perspective, it still works very well and riling fear."
,Recommended,274520,34509093,Posted: 26 August,all,ancientdragon8,"To start off with, the game is just fantastic. It is genuinely one of the scariest games I've ever played, granted, I don't play many horror games. The atmosphere is just so dark and creepy and disturbing. I tried to explore an area where a wedding had taken place at long ago but the building music and disturbing atmosphere of the area was too much for me so I just hightailed it and ran home. And the dread during night while you're hiding in your ""safe"" house and hear the front door creak open is uncomparable.The devs have clearly put so much effort into the game and it shows. I cannot reccomend it enough. They've even put a version out somewhere for people that don't have the money to buy it but want to play and that really shows the pride they have in this amazing piece of art they have made. I urge you to buy this game if you enjoy horror and dark atmospheres as the devs deserve every penny."
76561197979618844,Recommended,274520,34504291,Posted: 26 August,all,Kjellqvist,"Amazing game, amazing developers!Scary as **** tho (No jump scares). So put your big boy pants on before playing!"
76561198127820908,Recommended,274520,34504612,Posted: 26 August,all,Times,"Well, I read about you story. And know what did you guys do to make this game more available to other people. So, even through I will not play this game (because I scare to♥♥♥♥♥♥ but I will just buy one for the personality of you guys.10/10 for the people.P.s: I hate that I have to play the game for at least 5 mins to comment."
76561198043803187,Recommended,274520,34514647,Posted: 26 August,all,Tamazzo,"This is the best survival horror I've played so far: great atmosphere, tense moments, intriguing story and top notch visuals. There is nothing I don't like of this game. I really recommend everyone to play it"
76561197982669852,Recommended,274520,34513688,Posted: 26 August,all,Etilman,Great experience!
,Recommended,274520,34580011,Posted: 29 August,all,chillywilly007,"So far a fantastic game... never been a fan of top-down games, and this one works great with the lighting effects and all...The atmosphere is really scary; you never feel safe.Audio is spot on; go ahead and turn out the lights and put on your headphones...Random forests, tense combat, item crafting, lighting playing tricks on you, hearing strange noises while you pray for daylight. Do you have enough fuel? My weapon needs to be repaired. Damn, I'm thirsty. **** I stepped on another bear trap. Killed by an elk. A pack of dogs. Poison. Bleeding out. My wife taps me on the shoulder and I nearly **** myself.Yup, all the makings of a cult classic. And at $14.99, it's a steal.Very highly recommended."
,Recommended,274520,18777999,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Hadis,"Give these guys the credit they deserve for making an unique, atmospheric top-down horror survival game. I even made account on TPB and seeding their torrent while writing this because everyone should be able to enjoy their piece of art what this game is."
76561198255028744,Recommended,274520,34566527,Posted: 28 August,all,tito,I haven't seen a single enemy yet. I'm just scared of the sound design.10/10
76561198105664961,Recommended,274520,34697863,Posted: 2 September,all,Liquid Snake,"At first, I was a little unsure about the game but after playing it for a couple of hours it's really good. The game is has this tense and scary atmosphere that keeps you checking the surroundings. It's story is intresting and you keep playin to learn more. So check it out if you get the chance"
,Recommended,274520,34696539,Posted: 2 September,all,Ragarnol,The developer posted a torrent of this game for who don't have the money to buy this. I bought the game because of this. And then started to play without notice to how this game is awesome.
76561198041103853,Recommended,274520,34696738,Posted: 2 September,all,Gathord,Great game with amazing atmosphere and an interesting plot.Be sure to be indoors by night time!
76561198069848125,Recommended,274520,34714144,Posted: 3 September,all,Gregglez,great atmosphere brilliant how it grabs you with not only its visuals but the audio is so deep i feel so immersed defs recommend
,Recommended,274520,34499629,Posted: 26 August,all,Inept Neckbeard,"--------Edited--------Extraordinarially atmospheric! Loved streaming this since there was always a sense of both urgency and foreboding. Plays very similarly to an old flash game, Dead Frontier (Before it went into 3D using Unity)It used to have an issue regarding saves randomly deleting, however from what I can tell after a patch it has been fixed."
76561198390746691,Recommended,274520,34727545,Posted: 3 September,all,Pompistador,"Man, this game is awesome but i just suck at it. Can't seem to grasp the combat. I get owned by the badies, and I'm fighting between using keyboard and mouse or xbox elite controller. Both don't seem to quite work very well for me. Otherwise great game."
76561198025420145,Recommended,274520,34732023,Posted: 4 September,all,[92nd] Alexander Campbell,"Darkwood displays one of the best masteries of horror I've seen in a game with an atmosphere so thick you could cut it with a knife. I've seen people give up in fear from as simple as a door opening on its own. Even once you feel relatively confident you have your grounding in the later game, you'll have some horrific and unexpected situation thrown at you via the event system.The game is well paced starting with a slowly rising existential terror replaced later with a more traditional fight for survival. The combat is tough but fair with each weapon and enemy requiring a different approach that must be mastered in order to not get slaughtered.The game relies more on you figuring out what's going on rather than explicitly telling you which feeds into the feel of the game. You're left wondering what could have possibly happened. Clues are given to you either by items you can collect in the world or various people you meet. The art style of the characters is fantastic and feeds into the feel of the world.The devs are also very communicative and helpful, rectifying early teething problems. They were also good enough to put out a torrent of the game for those unable to pay for it although I would highly recommend supporting them. Very interested to see what they come out with next."
,Recommended,274520,34676814,Posted: 1 September,all,y e e t.男.秀雄 | gamekit.com,"So Darkwood is pretty spooky, which is good seeing that it's a big part of the game. For a while I've been searching for a horror game that doesn't just use jumpscares and loud noises to freak the player, and I'm pleasantly with Darkwood. I think it's better in a horror game to be afraid of what you think is around the corner, rather than it running out at you. The closest part to an actual jumpscare is in the prologue when a guy runs at you, but it isn't a ""jumpscare;"" there isn't a loud noise to startle you. Overall I've been enjoying it very much, although I do have to take breaks because the game isimmenselystressful.tl;drPros:- Very good psychological horror- No jumpscares so far- Very spooky- Nice story- Interesting characters- Very unforgiving; doesn't hold your hand- Amazing soundtrack; fits well with whatever is happening- Controls are nice and responsiveCons: (Mind you that I haven't played the whole game, therefore haven't been able to experience some potential glitches and exploits)- Every now and then inside of one of my houses, I will hear loud footsteps near me. Not sure if this is intentional, but it doesn't seem like it because it happens during the daytime- Sometimes the combat can be unresponsive or unclear, however it isn't game breaking- I feel very stressed for time at certain points, mainly when I'm at the village, since it is so far from my hideout- Very rarely, the AI can be dumb i.e. I can walk in a straight line from a monster and it will turnaround- Can feel repetitive at timesOverall, very nice game, good horror, 8.4/10"
76561198166548664,Recommended,274520,34689730,Posted: 2 September,all,Curry in a Hurry,Creepy game. Great Devs.
76561198162314998,Recommended,274520,34692443,Posted: 2 September,all,The_whole_country_of_Erangel,oh boy.if this game isnt challenging and good.didnt looked at it the first time.then gave a try and loved it.
76561198057633592,Recommended,274520,34748079,Posted: 4 September,all,Eclipse22,Amazing game. GIve the devs what they deserve with all the hard work and buy it.
76561197986063677,Recommended,274520,34744741,Posted: 4 September,all,A Young Fresh Newbie!,"Very unnerving and very few if any jumpscare moments. Overall kept me interested in looking farther into it, even if I dreaded every minute of it."
,Recommended,274520,34751112,Posted: 4 September,all,Matlas,"This game is absolutely fantastic. It nails it's aesthetic and offers a creepy as heck atmosphere complete with a killer soundtrack. The gameplay is actually quite compelling to me, the long stretches of navigation, that lead into rather intense confrontations between Savages, Beasts, and Monstrosities that litter the Darkwood. It combines exploration and resource gathering during the day, with a survive the night style of base defense. (Think a real time The Last Stand y'know, the Flash game. With less enemies, but they all pose a greater threat.) The game is quite generous on Normal, and a proper nightmare on Nightmare. The artwork is incredibly detailed and down right haunting in some instanced. The characters in the game all feel varied, and all feel as if they belong in the world. Overall, for fifteen dollars I cannot sing this game's praises enough.Oh. Don't forget. Always answer the door."
76561198069860606,Recommended,274520,34750864,Posted: 4 September,all,Richard Jokes,So here is something you need to know before picking this game up. Your actions have consequences. What choices you make can and will determine what happens at the end of the game. Choose wisely. The game itself will have you on your toes throughout the majority of the time you spend playing it and don't be a fool and save up all your resources like a rat. Spend items when you need them. Don't be afraid to shoot that shotgun or use that molotov.
76561198114216396,Recommended,274520,34844572,Posted: 9 September,all,NNOD,best soundtrackbest survivalbest horrorbest storybest gameplaybest charactersbest game ever
,Recommended,274520,34838345,Posted: 9 September,all,Wafflecopter,"Video review with more depth:https://youtu.be/kkLquJcFyEAPROS:-Incredibly well-done horror aspect-All enemies can kill you easily-Safe houses aren't necessarily safe-Random supernatural events during the night make you question your own sanity-Dynamic music provides an atmosphere of dread and tension-While some weapons can OHK enemies, they're usually expensive and can be lost forever-High difficulty curve adds to the horror aspect-Very little hand-holding; you learn most of the game through trial and error-Weapons take practice to use properly-Resources do not respawn in the game world - once you take them, they're gone-Survival part isn't as good as the horror aspect, but still great nonetheless-Most of your time is spent searching the forest for supplies just to survive the night-Supplies are extremely valuable and are often crucial to your survival-Mysterious and well-developed game world-Game's backstory is intentionally kept vague to add a sense of mystery-Destroyed tanks, burned houses, and absorbed corpses give off a sense of despair-Interesting and unique characters, such as the wolfman and the trader-The setting of the game itself seems like the enemy here-Lots of gameplay to be had, since completing missions takes a lot of preparation-Vision is done very well for a top-down game - 90 degree cone shows enemies and items-Beautiful animation for a 2D game-Overall art style is very nice, showing forest and fields in black, white and colorNEUTRALS-The game is very slow, typical for most survival gamesCONS-AI sometimes glitches out, tries to run through walls-Lots of aliasing in-game and in the menusThis could be one of the best games of this decade, up there with Limbo and Metro in terms of atmosphere. Also it's only 15 dollars. However, if you don't like survival games, then I'd stay away.Score: 10/10 (Perfect)"
76561198062518396,Recommended,274520,34832115,Posted: 9 September,all,kamarashev,Definitely worth evey penny. Buy this game and support the Acid Wizards :) Gaming industry needs people like these making some good stuff worth playing not copy pasting and reskinning like the tripple A companies do.
,Recommended,274520,34828491,Posted: 8 September,all,Option,I definitely see this game becoming a cult classic in the future. It's worth the purchase.
,Recommended,274520,34828084,Posted: 8 September,all,Tarzan8260,"Just started playing this game.10/10, would step on poison mushrooms again.Took me a good hour to figure out how to refill my saw table, proclaiming I had fuel in my backpack!Game is atmospherically tense. I haven't experienced many jumpscares but the music, color tone, and lack of friendly faces makes you feel like you're legitimately stuck in a nightmare. If you're not situationally aware of your surroundings, you'll literally get lost. Remember landmarks and always have spare fuel!"
,Recommended,274520,34828013,Posted: 8 September,all,Praag,"This game, ever since it first went into early access, has been a joyride of fear, suspence, and pleasure. This game looks PHENOMENAL, there is such attention and detail given to everything. This is Acid Wizards first game, a (beggining at two man, but now:) three man team that i VERY much wish to see much, much more from, and evn though it is their first game, this game is a spooky, suspenceful, top down game, that is worth your time and money. For a $15 pricetag, it is a steal, and personally I think the devs are undercutting themselves, but again, for $15, theres almost no reason NOT to buy it with it being so good."
,Recommended,274520,34625764,Posted: 30 August,all,sadtissues,Absolutely terrifying atmosphere. Love the old school graphics as well. Highly reccomend to anyone who likes atmospheric horror games.
,Recommended,274520,34622417,Posted: 30 August,all,SkyARC,"Played this game since it got Greenlit. FANTASTIC STUFF, PLEASE BUY THIS GAME AND SUPPORT THE DEVELOPERS!!The vision is dynamic, the environment and enemies change on you.Expected ooky-spookies, got mauled by a stag in the first 10 minutes.ggwp"
,Recommended,274520,34621991,Posted: 30 August,all,d1g1t@l wisp,"This is one of the few horror games that scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you without any cheap trick or excessive gore, which became dull, typical and tiresome for most of the horrors.Real game design mastery makes you jump on your seat when the door suddenly starts to open with no apparent reason or you hear the floor screak screaks - or just realize there's some thing horribly wrong going in in some place ypu find on the map.Gives you the chills, really - especially if you turn off the lights, play it alone at night and put on headphones.Definitely recommended."
76561198010200735,Recommended,274520,34623701,Posted: 30 August,all,Zimbabwe Jim,"So scary, so tense, so weird, wtfffff happppenneeeddddddd???????????"
76561198179412423,Recommended,274520,34623183,Posted: 30 August,all,ramtin_h97,My god this game is insanely good. atmosphere is really good in this game. The mechanics of the game is pretty good and controls are easy to use. If u are a horror fan then this is a must have game. I havent been able to stop playing it since i started. Looking forward to put in 100+ hours. The developers of this game have my  respect.10/10 would walk outside at night time again(that is if i don't♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants lol)
,Recommended,274520,34624599,Posted: 30 August,all,Supersmash530,Underrated
,Recommended,274520,34926993,Posted: 13 September,all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡_kamaro,Uncomfortable Simulator 201710/10
,Recommended,274520,34958982,Posted: 14 September,all,Pav#Team_Thor,"This makes Thor very uncomfortable, but i like it"
,Recommended,274520,34970287,Posted: 15 September,all,Good Whisky,"This is one of my new favorite survival horror games. New idea, great execution and story telling. I can't stop playing, its so enthralling that I can't seem to quit the game. It's terriying world and it gets so much worse at night. Screaming out loud as the monsters from the darkwood try to enter my safe haven at night is truly exhilarating. 10/10 best survival horror game out right now."
,Recommended,274520,35107297,Posted: 21 September,all,Schuey!,"Incredible atmosphere, holy cow! I don't normally play scary games either, but this is tastefully done."
76561198336307633,Recommended,274520,35095280,Posted: 20 September,all,WeaponizedPuppyTears,"Is it weird that the creepiest, most anxiety inducing and adrenaline pumping game I've played in years is this top-down, pixily, $15 indie game? I think thats weird, and awesome! I've only put about 5 hours into Darkwood at the time of writing this, but i can already tell this game is gonna have me hooked for a long time.When Resident Evil 7 came out i was hoping to get a really good adrenaline pumping horror experience. I mean it was $60 and it was RE returning to its roots for crying out loud, it had to be horrifyingly good right? Well after playing that game for about 30 hours, and admitedly having some good scares, it still left me wanting for a game to fill that survival horror itch. A couple of games came and went, and still, I was left searching for that special something, that mastercrafted horror game that wasnt just an experience, but a brutal survival journey. Well ladies and gentalmen I believe this game is that special something. This may be premature as I've got to play alot more of Darkwood, but my first 5 hours with the game have left me smiling from ear to ear.If your like me and have been searching for that horror game to fill the survival horror game shaped hole in your heart, Darkwood may be just what you need!"
76561198023843644,Recommended,274520,35096417,Posted: 20 September,all,Velkin,"Too hard for my taste. But I believe that this game certainly will find it's audience.I recommend it to anyone with enought free time to spend.If I'd be 10 younger I'd would be playing this for hours. But I'm not.I don't have time to play through the same stuff more than once. Pity.It's interresting, looks good, has atmosphere.. and it's unforgiving.But I believe developers has mentioned all these features on numerous occasions.Recommended!"
76561198040395233,Recommended,274520,34982683,Posted: 15 September,all,noname,One word- AMAZING!
,Recommended,274520,34985285,Posted: 15 September,all,Imc91,"Darkwood is a unique kind of a horror game. So if you're looking for something unfamiliar you should go with this, the price is good for the amount of content and the atmosphere is foreign by nature. This is a good game for a playthrough but there is only so much content and there is not a lot of replay value after 2 or 3 runs. 7/10."
,Recommended,274520,35001858,Posted: 16 September,all,TasTe,This is a Triple A Masterpiece made by  !!!!!!!!!!!!!TWO!!!!! guys in 5 years..........stop.
76561198165544471,Recommended,274520,35006217,Posted: 16 September,all,hburns2,Made it home just in time for sundown. Barricaded myself in the bedroom. Noises start. I can hear the chain traps I set earlier that day creaking. I can see the shadow of one slithering across the floor the next room over. The door I'm standing next to creaks open. Noises become louder. The generator runs out of juice and everything goes dark. Something is in the room with me. Music gets louder. *Day 3*
,Recommended,274520,34999302,Posted: 16 September,all,Teuton,"Had Darkwood on my radar for a while. It's hard to tell what this game actually is just from Youtube videos so I made use of the free download offered by the devs. After six ingame days I was fully convinced and bought it. I would call it a mix of Hotline Miami and Diablo 2, with a heavy dose of Lovecraft. For each ""act"" there's a base and you explore the locations and quests around that base. Combat is slow and dangerous and often it's better to avoid fights, although there are some creatures worth looting. The night invasions are too hard for me, not gonna lie. I wouldn't make it past Act2 without the ""normal"" difficulty. My favorite part so far has been ""The Village"" with the chickens and pigs... one of the most creepy/unsettling locations in horror games ever. The sound design in Darkwood is excellent. Definitely got my money's worth."
,Recommended,274520,35004123,Posted: 16 September,all,milky_cookie,"Well, I don't play survival but this game is brilliant. Thank you, guys. It's scary and interesting."
,Recommended,274520,35040464,Posted: 18 September,all,Nihilich,You're in a spooky forest but you can't find any wood.
76561198119580410,Recommended,274520,35030848,Posted: 17 September,all,Atra Mors,"I'm going straight to the point: this game is just amazingly good.The interesting gameplay mechanic together with the astonishing and dark art style create a perfectly sinister atmosphere.The game succeeds perfectly with shaping every single night into a new dark nightmare.It can be a bit frustraiting from time to time (especially if you got stuck into your own trap with only moments of night time left and 6 huge dogs after your♥♥♥♥♥ but I don't see any other flaws in it.I'll give it 97/100 points, would recommend it to anyone who enjoys playing a good horror game.Also the sound design is just f***** creepy (=perfect)."
76561198205931197,Recommended,274520,35074846,Posted: 19 September,all,jvandreel,Very fun and very creepy.  Put in a few dozen hours before beating the game and I still feel like there are places I didn't explore and things I didn't do. I'll definitely give it another play through...I'm kinda scared to go into the woods now.
,Recommended,274520,35079990,Posted: 20 September,all,Faithless [助けて],"I never thought a game could intrigue me and scare the ever loving♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me at the same time. For it's price, this game is a ♥♥♥♥ing master piece. If you have the money please support this game. I can't stress enough how amazing this game is if you can handle the tough learning curve. The devs even uploaded their own ♥♥♥♥ing game up onto ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ for people who wanted the game but couldn't afford it, thwarting illegal key sellers in the process. They truly do care about both their game and the community surrounding it and by god does this game deserve every single bit of praise that comes its way.On it's own the game if absolutely fascinating, with no expostion at all apart from a mad doctors thoughts introducing you to the game, it makes you want to learn about the game and discover its ""darkest"" (kill me) secrets. If you want to jump into the game, do it totally blind if possible, as it's best experienced on your own. However, if you are intent on watching a decent youtuber run through the game or see what its like, I highly reccomend checking out ""The Lone Grey"". He makes sure to explain whats happening as things progress, gives amazing advice and stratigies on how to actually make it to the end (yes, there is an end point) and is just generally a great guy and fun to watch (he's also played darkwood since its earliest stages which helps).All in all, even if you can't stand horror, please consider trying this out. Even just watching someone play and getting involved in forums, etc is enough to support the game if you don't have the cash. <3"
76561198153181676,Recommended,274520,35076766,Posted: 19 September,all,Revenant_Soul,"Awesome game lots of good elements so far!!! So I'm about an hour or two in after getting controller set up and used to controls in the games prologue.Reasons to get:+ Story implementation-I have experienced the beginning of what seems to be a interesting story line, there is some journal reading and short in game cut scenes that don't really break emersion that i hope continues.+ Base defense elements- Not to spoil but there is barricading and trap placement involved as you find out very early on+No hand holding- to be fair their is a little bit of a learning curve (at least on hard mode Idk about normal yet) the game tells you just enough you have to figure out what to do and the consequences of how you spend your time on your own which is challenging but rewarding after you figure it out (huge helpful hint: there are days and nights to the game so be careful)+ Wonderful and situationally appropriate suspenseful music- considering the art style, psychological horror vibes, and top down view point the music fits exceptionally well and adds to the game in a way that expresses the feeling of worry and adds unseen detail even when only able to view in 3rd person. that being said i feel the intentional obscurity is welcome as that is something i love in some of my favorite horror games+day night cycles+crafting traps, weapons, items, medical supplies, etc.+obtainable skills+NPC interaction and choices with consequences(all for a $15 price point guys)I praise the subtle elements like intelligible sounds at creepy moments and doors opening with nothing there, and also the light/dark field of view thats surprised me already a couple of times as you never know whats making that sound or lying in wait until you shine some light. The vague map is cool too. It shows critical points but doesn't hold your hand.My only current wish is for more interaction with obtainable objects like flavor script for checking environment and interacting/checking inventory objects. Understandably not a necessary feature but a welcome one for the depth it adds to emersion and detail for those like me that those optional things interest."
76561198111166958,Recommended,274520,35088384,Posted: 20 September,all,Ulven,"Great game! This game has a great story and great gsmeplay, it has a very interesting game mechanic aswell as a ""learn yourself"" style to it that I really enjoy. I hope the game realeses in more langueges. Although I speak English well, it sometimes takes a little to long for me to translate the games text to Norwegian."
76561198018208388,Recommended,274520,35110756,Posted: 21 September,all,Matsakoni,EPIC GAME!!!
,Recommended,274520,35087623,Posted: 20 September,all,Gancis,"If there ever has been a game deserving the title""Survival Horror""then Darkwood is definetly it.You wake up in the middle of these twisted woods with no memory. You must find a way out and figure out what is going on. There will be clues, but it's up to you to decipher them.Explore, scavenge and meet the inhabitants of the woods by day, then hunker down in your hideout and survive the night. Pray it's a peaceful one.You really can't tank hits, so use everything you have at hand to survive. Run. Hide. Observe and learn. Set up traps. Fight if you must.Also, hands down, has to be one of the ♥♥♥♥ing scariest tutorials I have ever played."
,Recommended,274520,34928562,Posted: 13 September,all,avrore,Truly one of the better games on this world.Thank you.
76561198118846879,Not Recommended,274520,34683122,Posted: 2 September,all,lieblingslied,"Such an awesome game. It's a lot of fun and at the same time exciting and creepy. I can definitely recommend  it :)edit: I realized that sadly it's not as random as I thought it was. Locations like houses, trees etc are at different spots on the map and sometimes rotated, but they're still all the same and the same events occur. So if you play the game for the second or third time you can make different story related decisions (e.g. kill somebody you didn't kill last time), but besides that there's really not much variation, the radomness is very superficial, you pretty much know what's coming.It seems like the inner core of this game is the story, which forces the exploration & survival part to be kind of shallow and repetitive. That again makes exploring the story in different ways a bit dull, because there's all this predictable gameplay in between. Don't get me wrong, it's still a gripping game, but really only the first time you play it. I really whish they'd  either focused completely on the story or made a true random survival game. In my opinion, this fusion of both doesn't add up to some grate combination, it only subtracts and there's a lot of wasted potential."
76561198084132385,Recommended,274520,35484949,Posted: 4 October,all,Carlyle,"Perfectly creepy, addictive gameplay. Play it!"
76561198086856738,Recommended,274520,35507522,Posted: 5 October,all,etegiwg,"If you haven't gutted a pig before, then this game is a must. Not only that, but you get to inject tainted meat into your bloodstream to give you super powers, but that's just a small part of the game. If you want an eerie experience throughout your play through, that's guaranteed.The top-down play style is a nice change from most games. It gives a new perspective, but just because you can see over walls doesn't mean you know where every bully is. You'll get bullied a lot. There's lots of bullies.I haven't finished the game yet, it's longer than expected, so that's a bonus. I dunno, maybe I'm just bad at it.Another nice touch is that you get buddies, just be sure not to kill them *cough* GaLm *cough.* Yeah there are characters that won't fight with you, but you can do a few quests and of course buy their junk.At night, you have to return to your hideout unless you like dying. I dunno, seems a bit inconvenient to me. Anyways, you can setup your hideout and try different methods of staying safe. Barricading windows and doors, running from people who wanna eat you, hiding. Ya know, the usual. If you die, you don't get paid the next morning, unless of course you're a WEIRDO that plays on hard mode...I say give it a shot. Watch some gameplay or play for a couple hours to see if it's for you. My only complaint is that there will probably never be a modding community, which is unfortunate, but it's still fun without a dubstep gun."
,Recommended,274520,11801054,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Memphistopheles,"Early AlphaDifficult to explain in words...Working to be a masterpiece..This game is intense on so many levels--from the characters and scenery to the sounds of the night. It is in alpha at the moment but it has HIGH potential. This game is High Priority on my updates as I am eager for every fix and add-on brought into the picture. If you are into isometric games like Diablo, this may tickle your fancy. But it is by no means a dungeon-crawler. This game combines mystery and horror with adventure and wonder.Turn up the volume..Turn off the lights...Enjoy :)Alpha 6.1Coming along nicely; lighting has improved and there's gamepad support. Animations look a bit better and some changes have been implemented to level out the game. Looking great, guys. If you're timid on Early Access games, hold off for full release but if you like to see features change and improve over time, I'd grab it now.Full ReleaseWhat haven't I already said? This game is magnificent, and since last I ventured into the woods, there has been nothing but improvements. Days are frought with struggle in the search for items. Nights are terrifying and nerve-wracking. The crafting system is well thought out, and the combat system is simple, yet spectacular. The characters are strange and develop over time. This is true survival horror, and I highly recommend this title."
,Recommended,274520,35511812,Posted: 6 October,all,TacoMcNacho,One of the best survival horror games ever made.
,Recommended,274520,35510665,Posted: 5 October,all,yyy,"i somehow missed that this actually fully released and just now am playing the full version.theyve improved on the game massively. its a lot easier to get in to for me than it was during the alpha days.best survival horror game of the last decade, easy."
