user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197968415783,Not Recommended,274980,9593847,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,The Fame Monster,"Ok, so this game seemed great at first glance. The whole concept of studying language while playing a videogame probably seems fantastic for every gamer like me, who also likes to broaden his knowledge everyday. However, Influent isn't what I expected it to be. I didn't do much research before buying, just a short review by someone who generally praised the game but mentioned lack of insight on japanese ""kanji"", which immediately put japanese pack off my to-buy list. Therefore for starters, I picked up french pack.After a bit more than 1 hour of playtime, I can pretty much say that for me the game is a large disappointment. The whole game is situated in a small condo which contains about 400 different objects that you can interract with, and consequently learn more about them in order to improve your vocabulary. Those consist mostly out of basic household items.In French, gender is of crucial importance, and although the game tells you which gender a certain object is, when you actually learn them, gender pronouns or indefinite articles are excluded from the actual word. For example instead of ""une lampe"" or ""la lampe"" you'll study ""lampe"", which means you'll still need to study gender separatly. Furthermore, the game doesn't cover one bit of grammar.The game itself isn't particularly fun either, since one is as already mentioned, trapped inside a small condo. If the game would include also some other everyday areas like playground, trainstation, gym, school etc. it would vastly improve the vocabulary covered, but I'm afraid this will either never be available or will be purchasable as a ""dlc"", for which I honestly wouldn't waste a cent anymore since I don't consider the 400 foreign words to be worth of 10€, while you can learn them for free in (in a sense of content) much better covered ""game"" called Duolingo, or Anki.Summary: I love the basic idea, but it lacks a lot of content. Although it is obviously considered as a supplement to your language studies, I still believe that it could've included a lot more than just bare 400 words."
,Not Recommended,274980,9576370,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Hollowsong,"So far, 30% of the words have been loan-words (katakana). The rest are alternatives to the same word; verbs, which losely apply to the nouns they're tied to; and maybe 10% are adjectives which are the only thing I can imagine being useful in everyday speech.You're confined to a tiny apartment and although you can open cupboards and drawers you find mostly duplicate items of what's laying around. There are no ways to look out into the world beyond the apartment and nothing to offer beyond basic vocabulary that you can get for free at a site likeMemrise.com"
,Not Recommended,274980,13700123,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,DAT CAT,"GREAT CONCEPT BUT LACKING CONTENTFirst off you must understand this is a vocabulary learning game and nothing more. If you dont have another form of learning the language this game is pretty much useless. I got this to brush up on french I had learned in high school. I paid $5 for it on sale and even at that price felt slightly disappointed. I had no idea you would be restricted to a one bedroom apartment with access to only learning 400 mundane names of household items. If this game was expanded to a small town type environment where you could go to say the store, a trainstation, etc. This game would be 5 stars, If a DLC was released with at least an equal number of new words in a new environment i would consider paying another $5 for it."
,Not Recommended,274980,19671083,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,wintermute6669,"Influent is not useful for learning a new language. Walk through a landscape and learn a smattering of nouns for household objects and nothing else. No grammer rules, no other words, no cultural context. Can you guys even understand how useless that is? Learning how to say random words for objects you will probably not need to talk about without ever communicating anything about them whatsoever?Hell, you wll never need most of these nouns as a beginning student  of a foreign language anyways. It would be far more useful to simply learn how to say ""How do you say this?"" in whatever language you are learning so you can learn words that are actually useful to you.I learned way more useful information on youtube videos in an hour than I ever did with this.The only good thing about this is the soundtrack by Lifeformed. It is the soundtrack from the game Dustforce and it is truly excellent. I have no idea why it is in this product.You will not learn how to communicate a single complete thought or simple sentence with this software ."
76561198057252758,Recommended,274980,9577016,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,madamespades,"Influent is a great idea. Though it does need some refining, it's a very helpful and affordable option for begginer to intermediate language learners.If your only goal is to verbally pick up new key nouns and verbs for a trip abroad, Influent will suffice. However for more in-depth learners who wish to read it's best paired with good old fashioned studying. A primary example of this is that it won't help you understand how to actually read any languages that use non-roman-based characters (e.g. Russian, Chinese, Japanese). Note that you can enable english readings of any language if literacy isn't your primary goal.I'm very excited to see a real game for language learning, instead of tedious and very over-priced software (Yeah, I'm looking at YOU, Rosetta Stone). I sincerely hope to eventually see DLCs or updates that will allow users to explore the world outside of the small apartment, add more unique yet commonplace items for each culture, or perhaps interact with NPCs to practice dialouge...crossing my fingers and keeping and eye on this game ;)Pros: Playble area is filled to the brim with hundreds of everyday objects to study, DOES include verbs that will unlock as you learn nouns that they're relevant to, affordable, a highly customizeable and unique learning experience.Cons: Small environment, UI is almost too minimalistic (can't cycle though word details; have to return to vocab list), and you can only learn commonplace North American items (useful but limited)."
76561198038322812,Recommended,274980,15241596,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,SilencedBacon,"Influent is the best 'gamification' of vocabulary learning I have come across. I have spent over 10 hours with the Russian edition, I hesitate to call it a game so I'll say ""application"". Reading the negative reviews I am dissapointed with the community. You are simply a fool if you think you can just 'play' this and somehow become fluent or even remotely competent in your chosen language. Even a basic level of comprehension takes at least a year to develop with a lot of hard work involved in that year.Influent will not teach grammar, it is simply and audio/visual application that softens the monumentual blow of learning hundreds of foreign words. Personally I have found it incredibly useful.It works by giving you control of an avatar in a typical apartment, you can swap between third and first person to explore and click on items to have a native speaker exclaim what the items is and you're also given a textual display of the item. You can then choose to add the item to a vocab list and once you add 10 items it completes the list and allows you to come back at any point to attempt a 'Time Attack' where the items in the list are randomised, the native speaker announces what item they want you to find.I highly recommend Influent as an AID to your language learning, not the only source."
76561198008827231,Not Recommended,274980,9589900,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Buck Starchaser,"This is a 'made for kickstarter', junk game. The game raised enough money to be profitable before it was available, so it was released without content and doesn't do anything but look good on an advertisement. There is no talk about increasing the functionality or vocabulary of the game on the product website, and it's not even worth the small price on steam.The entire game can be boiled down to this: Hear and/or read a word, and then click on the thing that the word is associated with.I have nearly completed my first entire language pack in about two days (there's like 5 words I can't seem to locate). I don't feel like I've actually learned anything though. The 420 words available are not enough to order dinner, let alone take a vacation in a foreign land. This game does not teach a person how to begin to communicate in a new language, which is the only thing the game had to deliver after getting over twice the requested amount on kickstarter. They got their funding though, so the only news is that they intend to release more language packs.Other problems:-This game takes way too much video card effort for the type of game it is, and it will begin lagging to death after playing for an hour or so.-Does not understand multiple monitors, so it tries to plaster the game centered on total composite screen (hit F11 to get windowed FS on main monitor)-The spaceship mode is completely stupid, and is there simply for marketing purposes. It's the same as FPS mode, except you have to hold the mouse button for a while instead of doubleclicking, and you can't stop to aim (since you're flying). Some of the targets are tiny though.-The game was designed so that new language packs could be made in a day, with fill-in-the-blanks labels and audio snippets, but little effort was made to do a good job. There is often two words for an item without an explanation for which word to use when. The spoken words are often poorly pronounced and with anomalous noise artifacts. I suspect they found their voice actors on craigslist.-Sloppy positional audio often makes words hard to hear when it should really just be monaural (since you're effectively listening to a voice in your head).-Stripped down settings and options. Doesn't even have volume control, and doesn't remember major settings (like window placement and windows audio mixer settings)"
,Recommended,274980,20600617,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Gao Li,"An okay tool with several drawbacksHaving years of university training and real-life experience in teaching not only foreign language but also second language acquisition classes, I can say that Influent can work well as anadditionalteaching tool to the ones learners already have, provided the players know what they’re doing and are aware that Influent is not actually teaching them how to speak the target language; It merely trains them in recognizing words from that language. Given that, Influent is fairly okay at achieving what it’s supposed to do and I can see it helping certain learner types, although at the same time, it is likely to be just a waste of money to a lot of people, especially as there are products out there that are much better at helping people learn foreign languages. The major drawback being that Influent does not teach grammitcal articles (grammatical gender) for European languages. More about that further down.Primary Issues of the softwareInfluent (2016) was developed by the US American game designer Rob Howland and published with the help of his alma mater, the University of Tsukuba (筑波大学), and Japan’s Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (文部科学省【MEXT / 文科省】). Sadly, despite the academic support behind this project, its issues are clearly visible right away and it is very obvious that Howland does not have a linguistic background. The protagonist in the game simply translates nouns or adjective-adverbs from English into the target language and it is limited to objects inside the virtual apartment.To highlight what I mean, we can briefly look at the impressively handy, elaborate, yet slim Langenscheidt’s picture dictionaries, which contain words, transliterations, pictures (and if you own the TING pen even audio clips of proper pronunciation) of local foods, instruments, sports, holidays, animals, tools, jobs, lab & hospital equipment, body parts, family members, ethnic groups in the target culture, climate zones, and so on and so on and it even includes the necessary vocabulary for any occasion reaching from birthdays to funerals or visits to the barber shop or the postal office. And it is merely twice the price of Influent's base game despite offering that much more. Not only that, the roughly 300 page book can even be brought with you, so if you don’t know a word, you can show it to people.Influent on the other hand is limited to objects inside the virtual apartment (as can be seen on the store page’s screenshots) and the vocabulary is very narrow, albeit very useful. It can even be argued that one could simply use a normal dictionary and a language tandem to probably achieve equivalent if not superior results.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=603282417Gameplay mechanicsThe player can move the protagonist around a virtual apartment, click on objects, listen to how they’re pronounced and look at how they’re spelled in the target script or how they’re transliterated into Romaji, Romaja, or Hànyǔ Pīnyīn (depending on the language pack). Additionally, the player can create vocabulary lists and make his / her own quizzes. The game will then show and say a term and the player will have to click on the correct item in the room. You can pretty much achieve the same effect by pasting post-its around your actual apartment and by having a smartphone dictionary app pronounce certain terms for you, in case you forget how to say them.You could say that doing that in the game would be less work for you, but writing down new vocabulary, having to use / activate different areas of your brain (to write it down and to read the word) leaves a much bigger, better imprint of the target word in your memory than merely reading it and having the computer program pronounce it for you.Critique and conclusionThere are multiple issues when it comes to Influent, first of all, there are products out on the market that are much better than Influent and cost about the same, so I suggest going out to bookstores and checking them out before buying this. Of course it's definitely possible that they don't have any better alternatives in your area, in which case Influent might be good. Secondly, when learning a language, you usually learn four basic fields: Reading, Writing, Listening, Speaking. Influent can only provide the two “passive” skills, reading and listening, you still need a training partner or a formal education to learn (or at the very least have someone correct) the writing and speaking parts. If you cannot find a partner in your area, there are multiple online forums and websites that focus on connecting people for specifically that purpose alone. Influent will also not teach you anything about sentence structures, tenses, clauses or (in-)formal language, in fact, it will not teach you anything beyond the available vocabulary.When it comes to European languages with grammatical gender, Influent will also not provide you with the necessary grammatical articles (Der, Die, Das in German, for example). Let's say you click on the bed, Influent will merely play an audio clip saying ""Bett"" while showing the correct spelling, but it won't say ""Das Bett"", which would definitely have been the better choice. Grammatical gender is essential for many European languages, ommiting that means that learners will lack crucial communication skills.I can see Influent work as something you use besides the learning tools you already have (like school- and exercise books as well as audio tapes or movies), especially when trying to learn gender neutral languages, but it definitely isn’t enough to learn a language with. I like the digital / game approach to learning languages, however the execution isn’t perfected yet and still needs some work."
76561197983082568,Recommended,274980,18494622,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Blue64,"INFLUENT on PC 8/10Tested with the Spanish DLCThe bottom line:Learning vocabulary was a lot of fun and every student of a new language will find pleasure in this title. For intermediate students the magic in a language is learning verb conjugation and you will need to find this elsewhere.Mechanics:Walk around a 3D apartment and poke household objects to reveal their name. Every 10 object names form a List; repeat the List 3 times correctly and you have mastered those 10 words. Repeat until you find and master all 420 object names.This 'game' works because You get to choose which ten words to learn next; you made the choice and this engages the mind....  It’s a bargain price for learning 420 words so quickly, don’t miss out.100% Steam Achievements in Spanish took 14 hours; my mother tongue is English and I am fluent in French. Next week I will try Japanese and I suspect it will take much longer....My wishlist to the devs: Find a way to create a verb conjugation module, and an advanced vocabulary module…. I would definitely buy. I think you are on to something good.Oct 2015"
76561198014374442,Recommended,274980,12683205,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Iasleep,"Everyday I wake up in this apartment trying to think of a way to escapse, but my hands never grab anything. They feel cold and lifeless. the only other thing living here in this eternal hell is the cat, but I think it's dead. Every time I try to talk it feels like my mouth can't open. Some days I spend just by looking at the door thinking someone will save me, but no one comes to my rescue. In the time that I don't try to escape I learn Korean, cause it's the only interaction I can get in this hell. 내 발은 아픈, 그리고 먹을 수 없습니다. 누군가가 저를 저장합니다. 8/10"
76561198065342877,Recommended,274980,28391850,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Fumoon,"At the time of writing this review, I've mastered all 420 words the game has to offer, and completed all the tasks on the 'To Do' list. I played the English version of the game, so that's the one I'll be reviewing. I also own the Japanese pack, but I haven't completed that one yet.One thing I'd like to start with is that 'Influent' never advertises, nor does it claim to make one fluent in any of the languages available here (and I double checked this). The description of the game here on the store page clearly states that it is a game focused on VOCABULARY ACQUISITION and PRONUNCIATION. It never claims to teach one grammar, syntax, conversation, or any other facet of language. I feel like a lot of people thought 'Influent' was a full-blown language learning tool, which it is not. The negative reviews here are unnecessary and uncalled for. Having addressed that, let's move on to the actual thing.The setting of the game is limited to the main character's apartment. You can explore his room, the bathroom, living room, and the kitchen. The point of the game is simple: as you explore, you're expected to click on various items that you encounter and collect vocabulary. Upon clicking on an item, you hear the word as it's spoken by a native speaker, and you can find more information about it such as its word class, phonetic transcription, synonyms, or you can just add it into your vocab list. In total, there are 420 words to collect — but in reality — there's ""only"" 284 items that you physically come across in the game. These items mostly consist of normal household articles, but there are some small surprises here and there like a cat nestled on the chair of the protagonist. As of now, there are no other locations available, and the words are very basic in nature — so don't expect to turn into a walking dictionary just by playing this. The game WILL equip you with a very nice elementary vocab though.One thing that I particularly liked was the fact that certain words feature synonyms, and the player has the ability to switch between them (e.g. you can decide whether you want to call soft drink a ""soda"" or a ""pop"" as both are commonly used in the U.S., although ""soda"" is preferred in the West Coast). I thought this was a nice touch. Another thing that I really liked was the whole unlocking system which allows the player to acquire new words in the form of adjectives and verbs that are usually applicable to the nouns connected with them — ""usually"" being the key word here as some choices seemed extremely random (e.g. ""beer"" is apparently ""disgusting""). Another thing of note is that 'Influent' teaches American English, and there's no option to switch to British English. The vocabulary and the pronunciation reflect that. So, this may put off students of British English, even though it shouldn't bother them that much.Speaking of pronunciation, the game uses the IPA (International Phonetic Alphabet) to transcribe English words in order to show how they're really pronounced. That's all neat and great, but there are some truly odd transcriptions for many of the words featured  in the game. Not wrong, just a tad nonstandard. In some cases, I thought the transcriptions in the game actually reflect how the words sound in real life much better than what you usually find in dictionaries. For instance: calendar, magazine, and milk were transcribed as [ˈkæl-ɛn-dəɹ], [mei-ɡə-ˈzin], and [mɪəlk] instead of the more traditional [ˈkæl-ən-dəɹ], [mæ-ɡə-ˈzin], [mɪlk]. However, the /ɔ/ vowel is frequently confused with the /oʊ/ diphthong, and so you get funny transcriptions like ['fɔ-tʌ-gɹæf] for ""photograph,"" [pɪlɔ] for ""pillow,"" and even ['skeit-bɔʊɹd] for ""skateboard."" Some transcriptions left me puzzled - for example:  [ˈkæɹ-pɪt] for ""carpet,"" [ˈwɑʊ-lɪt] for ""wallet,"" and [ˈbʌl-ə-'tɛn-bɔɹd] for ""bulletin board."" There are also words in which the stress mark is often placed on the wrong syllable, e.g. [pɪk'tʃʊɹ] or [flʌ-'fi]. I'm honestly quite surprised nobody's pointed this out yet. So, this might get a bit annoying — especially if you're already accustomed to different transcriptions.All in all, I thought 'Influent' was an extremely auspicious effort — one that could potentially become one of the best language learning tools out there. It'd be great to see new content and locations added into the game, and something tells me that we will. There's certainly a lot of room for improvement, but the groundwork had been laid and it is very solid. While it won't make one fluent, it is a brilliant supplement to, say, an elementary level textbook."
76561198237364512,Not Recommended,274980,18423224,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Snape,This game is extremely unhelpful. All you do is click on random objects and the game tells you what they are. If you are serious about learning a language I would definitely not recommend this for you.
,Recommended,274980,22445571,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Thomas Was Not Alone,"I'd like to make a point, this is not a lanugage learning tool. This is a word memorization tool. As for grammar rules, you'll need to learn them yourself.My reason for reccomending this game is that for word memorization, it excels. A bit of time every day on these words and you'll have a good bit of a language memorized."
76561198042864202,Recommended,274980,9574326,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Materia User,"Helluva lot cheaper than Rosetta stone =)More fun too.It definitely works, I learned my first 10 words pretty quickly and had fun while doing it.I do wish the area to explore was bigger - I was feeling pretty claustrophobic and I don't even have that fear.the rooms are small and packed with stuff so it's easy to pick what to learn quickly. Great for learning but after 10 minutes or so I wanted to break down the door and scream ""I'm free!!!!!""The only thing they really should add is the ability to remove words from your vocab or to at least pick and choose which words from your vocab to focus on. From what I can tell if you add a word by hitting space or double clicking the item there doesn't seem to be a way to remove it."
76561198067351496,Recommended,274980,12479125,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,joshdhall8,"Only useful for learning vocab. I know that this game makes it very clear that it will only teach you vocab words, but a lot of people bought it hoping for a good way to start learning a language. No software that exists, even comprehensive ones like rosetta stone, can't teach you a language quickly or thoroughly (no matter what the commercials say). This game utilizes visual and audio cues to increase your vocabulary pretty effectively, but don't bother with it unless you already have an understanding of the language or are currently taking a class."
76561198005357441,Not Recommended,274980,17263542,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,SinRopa,"I picked this up because I was learning basic Spanish as a degree requirement and was not interested in actually learning to speak Spanish. I found this in no way helpful in that regard.Now to be fair this isnt advertised to the purpose I intended to use it for. But still, if you are using this to ""learn"" a language and it wont give you the knowledge that a simple level 1 book will... I dont see the value.I have to rate this down based on what it is. Its pointless, buggy and basically a ""can you memorize the last few objects you touched"" memory quiz.If you play the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this, you may be able to name a handful of objects or ask for something you need in a shop. You will not, however, be able to communicate on any level that would help otherwise."
,Not Recommended,274980,9583165,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Simbiat,"The idea to learn language while doing something fun is great, but... It can't be like in this game. There is no actual goal (except for time attack mode). If it had some kind of quests, where you have to learn a word or a sentence to get further it would have been more useful. Like this - it's pointless. You just walk around and click on things. I believe it would be cheaper to get a simple old-school vocabulary. Or like Lingvo...I reemmber, when I was learning English there was a game for native English speaker to learn ther language. I mean for kids. It even had a story, a whole map and a bunch of playable characters. Gameplay was made of moving through map and solving different puzzles and or playing mini-games, where you had to find a correct word suiting the situation, make a sentence. Some games were simply for learning new words or even some grammar rules. Too bad I do not remember the name of the game =(Oh, and yes, I just played a fewminutes to realise, that this is NOT an educational material. So do not be alarmed by the 0hr stamp."
,Recommended,274980,12273567,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,>JeoDude,"excellent tool to help you learn other languages, i do feel this game would benefit having more places to go instead of just the house for example going to the shop and buying items but currently it's very good and worth the money :)"
,Recommended,274980,12664908,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,"Toa Onua, Master of Earth","It's a excellent game for those looking to brush-up on their vocabulary. It is not, I repeat not for those looking to start learning a language. I am currently taking a course in french, and this has been helpful for working on my vocabulary."
76561197979998515,Recommended,274980,12578684,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Supremest Corgi,Clicked on a cat. Flew a plane into a garbage can. Learned Latin.
,Not Recommended,274980,26426482,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,R I T S O E,"Purchased Japanese version on sale, played for about 5 minutes and then realized 90% of the words are simply loan words written in Katakana.It's as if the creator of this version used Google translate for every object that appears in the game. Actually, I'm almost convinced this is what was done, because the first result of any English -> Japanese translation on Google is almost always a Katakana rewrite of the English word. (Eg: ""Door"" is written as ""ドア"" which is literally pronounced ""DO-A"")Instead of using actual Japanese vocabulary, the word for ""door"" ( ""戸"" usually pronounced ""TO"") in this game is simply the example I used above. Another example is ""lamp"": usually a form of ""電灯"" (pronounced ""DEN-TO""), but in this game it is simply ""ランプ"" (RAN-PU). I could go on, but I would be listing almost all of the vocabulary included.Put simply, this particular language version reeks of laziness. There is no Kana or Kanji instruction included within the game, so if you cannot read Katakana or Hirigana, you are forced to read Romaji and tediously assign syllables to the characters (a ♥♥♥♥ing awful and inefficient way of learning new alphabet(s)). Fortunately I can read both, so I decided to work on my Kanji, but as previously mentioned, 90% of the words are English words written in Katakana. Thus there is not much Kanji, let alone Japanese in the game.This game expects you to understand 2 entire alphabets before playing, yet makes no effort to teach actual vocabulary from the corresponding language. I don't know what anyone is supposed to learn from this.Tl;DR The game itself is a great idea, but if you're advertising a language-learning tool that provides next to no *actual* vocabulary from the language itself, you made a huge mistake. Maybe other versions are better, I don't know.Edit: People keep mentioning that ""door"" is ""doa"". Yeah, *western style* doors, not every door in the world, let alone Japan. It was one example out of many. I'm aware the Japanese use many loan words, but most words in this game are loan words. I was just looking for a little more vocabulary, as most loan words still have a Japanese equivalent (or did before 1853 at least)Yes I'm also a huge weaboo ♥♥♥♥♥♥ for learning another language."
,Recommended,274980,14091908,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,cyberdelika,"So I was robbing this dude's apartment and ended up learning a new language.Seriously, though, this is a fun way to learn all those boring but essential words like bed, shelf, couch, etc. The game keeps you motivated with the To-Do List and the unlockables, as well as the Steam achievements.Does it go beyond basic words? Yes! For pretty much every noun, you eventually unlock an adjective, adverb, verb, etc. that goes along with it, giving you context to use your new words in! Now you know how to call your television stupid or a book interesting. (Sentences are not given, though, just to clarify that.) More than one adjective is given to plenty of nouns, so there are more words to learn that you think at first. There's also fun with the treasure hunt element to it as far as some of the words/items go, like finding slippers under the bed.While I would happily recommend this to a complete beginner, I've been learning Russian for about eight months and I still found this game to be incredibly useful. Each way of testing yourself comes with simple and useful options. Don't know the Cyrillic alphabet yet? You can choose for the Russian words to be in Latin characters/Romanized. (I am guessing this would ring true for other language options.) You can choose to be tested on the words with or without audio, with or without sound, and with or without your native language translation. (Having all enabled is the default, of course.)Also, the voice is a pleasant female one, if that matters to you.The option to test your vocabulary words being given only the audio and not the text has helped me a lot, so I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants to improve their listening/recognition skills.It also helps that for each test, there are repeat items in each room, so when you're doing kitchen vocabulary, you can click on the book in the kitchen without having to go into another room, and you don't need to walk over to the bathroom just so you can click on soap, since both also exist in the kitchen. So there is a lot of unnecessary moving around avoided.I had to reconfigure the trackpad on my MacBook to be able to enable the right-click options (which are important, since they open doors, shelves and whatnot) but it was quite simple. The game also is very clever and you can click on things very easily, even if you're at a weird angle. You don't need to be close to click on things, which is nice when you want to click on the magnet in the other room.Like other people said it's not something you'd use to learn the entire language. It doesn't go into grammar. But if there was a language-learning food pyramid, this could definitely be your хлеб."
,Not Recommended,274980,20272454,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Zeriel00,Learn some Japanese with this awesome game!When you're done you'll have an awesome vocabulary like this:CompuutaSandwichiBananaOrangiPaipahPoustahSpongiBooruPinapuruCheesuPastaJaahToastaMufinKameraresaikuruTishuesuprei botoruPenHeado phoneCDBitaminceriarugamulampuDVD playaaGuitahGuitah ampuSofaMan I can't wait to go to Japan and show my awesome Japanese!! xD11/10
,Not Recommended,274980,9582662,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,ミシェル,"Very Fun and Interactive Game. Time Attack is a nice way to challenge yourself and remember the words. That being said, there is still much room for improvement. For example, a much more simple and clear vocabulary list with a category system. Also this game is lacking the important fundamentals needed in order to understand or construct sentences. At its current state it's a simple game where you learn object names in different languages. I think any translation sites will suffice. However, If you can put all that aside because this game teaches you in a more entertaining way, Go ahead and get the game. Also note that there are only 420 words so far. At the current state of the game and the price. I do not recommend it."
,Not Recommended,274980,12859089,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,friedfysh,"Influent is a great idea. It's nice to be able to point at anything and find out the word.As others have mentioned, this game is not going to teach you to speak a foreign language, it's just a way to learn some vocabulary. It's unlikely in my opinion that anyone would be content with learning a few nouns and have no understanding of how the language works so you definitely won't learn to speak a new language from scratch with this software.I had this in mind when I chose the language to install. Since I speak Spanish pretty fluently I knew there wouldn't be much point there. Instead I chose to install the French version as I have a basic understanding of French. Now, I loved the point at anything and learn how to say it concept, the problem for me is that the things you can point at are household objects that, if you are learning a language, you are likely to have learnt elsewhere.I found the environment to be really claustrophobic, it's a small flat with only a lounge, a kitchen, a bathroom (which I initially missed as the door's shut) and a bedroom.I was disappointed that you can't go outside. You can't even see out of the windows. There could have been all kinds of interesting vocabulary to learn if you could. Different environments would really help here. The key would be to expose the player to environments with vocabulary unlikely to be covered in textbooks or other forms of study. It would also make it more exciting. What if the game took place on an aircraft, or in a castle? That may sound strange but how many people learn to say lifejacket or moat when studying a language? I'm not saying it isn't practical to start in a house as that is more useful, I'm just saying if someone is really trying, chances are they will have learnt those words elsewhere. This could be a great way to learn less familiar vocab with new environments as DLC. They wouldn't even need to be big, think of the possibilities involved in naming all of the parts of a car, for example.There also need to be more minigames to memorize new words, in my opinion. The my Spanish coach DS game had good ideas here that the developer could ape perhaps.Bottom line, great idea with good potential but not quite there yet."
,Recommended,274980,11608125,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,•SADBOY•,I love this game. Its so much fun. As i played my first hour or so into the game i already Mastered about 100 words. So this game maybe short if i start forgetting things. Worth the price. If anyone wanted help starting a new language and have fun this is the game for you. 10/10
,Not Recommended,274980,26411011,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,kickingheehaw,"This game has a good concept, but it falls short because it's shallow. There's no storyline or reason for doing anything. It's basically an immersive 3D flashcard game. This game DOES NOT focus on grammar or sentence construction. Only vocabulary, and almost all singular nouns. However, I'm okay with vocabulary being the focus of the game. The issue is the lack of depth in other aspects. If the creator of the game could expand this game to include a storyline, interactive characters, some puzzles, etc., it could be great.It would also be nice to get out of the guy's apartment. It's basically his bedroom, bathroom, kitchen, and living room with a small closet. It would be nice to get outdoors in the game, go to the restaurant, the doctor, the grocery store, work, a school, etc.I got the Spanish version. I wish there was an option to get Latin American Spanish though. If they can get it made, I'll buy it, even though I already own the European Spanish.As of right now, it's shallow, but I do think this game does have potential."
76561197976312757,Recommended,274980,12462635,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Destyre,"Not a bad little program for adding some basic vocabulary. I have the Spanish version, which unfortunately only caters to European Spanish, complete with the infamous lisp. Though the little quiz feature encourages you remember the vocabulary, this game could do with some more interesting, practical excercises, what we language teachers call ""Drilling"". Overal not bad and not expensive, but don't expect this game to make you fluent; you will only learn and handful basic nouns and I'm assuming that all of the language packs are the same."
,Recommended,274980,26040275,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,dadore001,"This 'game' is just one of many other tools to help someone learn a language.  You will not be able to have a converstation after playing this - but it can help you build vocabulary of items you see every day.  I presume that is its simple intent.Regarding Italian, it does include articales for the items - thats good news.I had emailed the developers before purchase - prompt, complete, and helpful reply.Glad I bought it - works fine in Linux."
,Recommended,274980,12242170,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Marcownz747,"I absolutely love this game.Let me start by saying that I picked this up for the German version.  I've been learning German with Duolingo, Rosetta Stone, and German television shows for a few months, but wanted something that I could sit down and play when I want to change up my learning style.This game should not be purchased if you want to learn grammar or phrases.  In the German version you learn mostly vocabulary words (I say mostly because I still haven't found every word, and who knows... maybe there's something else out there).Now, one of the most important things for learning words in a foreign language is having a memory to place with the word.  A game like this provides this SIGNIFICANTLY better than a memory based card game.  Why?  Because you're remembering a word based on not only its graphic visualisation, but you're remembering it within the context of the home.  In this game, if you have to find the ""pfeffer"", you not only have to remember the word for pepper, but WHERE the pepper is.  It's helped me remember words extremely easily.Don't buy this as your primary way to learn a language.  Buy it as a way to help you build vocabulary alongside a few other language learning classes or programs.  That's what I bought it for, and that's what it does best.If duolingo ever releases bulgarian, I'll definitely be picking up another version of this game.  I highly recommend it."
76561198008340175,Recommended,274980,33004753,Posted: 29 June,all,ZazMMM,"Japanese version reviewed.This game won't teach you a language as it doesn't deal with grammar.  It will teach you some vocabulary for common things you might find around a house or apartment.  Also, the game isn't actually very fun, in a ""play"" sense, but it is a nice change of pace from books, web pages or other references one might use in learning another language.Most of the vocabulary is nouns, but some of the words are verbs, adverbs or adjectives.Primarily, I've found the game useful for developing my ear for Japanese and increasing my vocabulary.  Since the vocabulary is presented in both kanji and hiragana/katakana, it can also help with reading to some extent.Don't buy the game thinking it will teach you Japanese, or other language, as it won't.  Don't buy the game thinking you're going to have a lot of fun ""playing"" it.Do buy the game as part of your toolset for learning your chosen language."
,Recommended,274980,9573541,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Uidsea,"This game is pretty fun, it's really good if you're needing to develop a vocabulary, as you get to choose what words you want to add to a list and then you can do a time time attack where you need to find all the words as quickly as possible. The fact that they have so many languages to get from the beginning is also a nice feature.The controls are a bit clunky like needing to click multiple times to have the game recognize it. Other than that, it works pretty good overall and I definitely recommend to someone who needs to build a vocabulary like me."
,Not Recommended,274980,20156686,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,anetbok,"I wish I could post a review with ""maybe"". But since I have to choose, I'll choose ""no'.I got so excited to see a sleek-looking language game on sale that I proceeded to purchase it without looking more closely at the reviews. Being somewhat of a language nerd, I must say I was disappointed.First of all, the title, with its cute and clever pun, is pretty much misleading. This is just a (limited) vocabulary game. Nothing ""fluent"" about learning a language here.This game's approach to learning a foreign language comes down to pointing at objects and listening to how they are called. Then you can play some games, such as looking for specific objects around the apartment as fast as you can. It seems like most of the effort was put into the graphics and other aspects of the gameplay. There is no method or theory behind the language learning. Did they do the game in collaboration with a specialist? I highly doubt so. I know this game was Kickstarted, but it's wrong to make a language game if you're only a game developer and then hint at ""fluency"" when you try to come up with the title. Learning a language is a process which requires the application of various methods, some of which the developers should have explored, in my opinion. For all I care, the game could be 2D and less shiny and pretty, but with more meaningful and diverse activities.Yes, this game has its good sides, it looks pretty and it teaches you words in a logical context. It can help you expand your vocabulary a little. But that's it. The language lover in me will want to finish it and master all the vocabulary, but I expected more."
76561198038170722,Recommended,274980,23234593,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Acubens,"Pay no heed to most negative reviews. The software gives exactly what it proposed:BASIC VOCABULARY and PRONUNCIATION.As such, it doesn't teach verbs and grammar, so it is a HELPER program for someone already studying a language and for children.I am a teacher, and I can already say this program would be pretty nice for children's earlier years... Definitely better than children books of basic vocabulary due to its interactivity, and also cheaper than most similar books. (I wonder if there's a way to corporate-buy 30 copies of the software...)"
,Recommended,274980,29220631,Posted: 13 January,all,panth3reon,"This is a vocabulary learning tool only, so just from this game alone you definitely won't master a language. All it does is give you 420 basic words of things found in an apartment. If you learn best through visualization, this game is for you. You will still need to use other tools alongside it, for example Duolingo or Quizlet, and you'll need to learn grammar rules from somewhere else. But to start with, it's a really useful tool.Also for the people who leave negative reviews bc they expected more than just vocab - don't blame the game for you not reading the description. Nowhere does it say anything about grammar, it clearly states it's about vocab and pronunciation.If you want to learn a language but need to build up some basic vocabulary first, I recommend you get this."
,Not Recommended,274980,10163793,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,bambam,"I like the concept, the idea, the point of it. It is just done in a way that makes me want to sit in school to learn rather than play this.If there would be puzzles or reasons for me to look at items, that would turn the game into a game, i would not be borred after the 10 first words.Also the controlls are unatural to me.Hope some update will come around to improve it from ""looking at yellow stickers to an object"", to an intresting way learning a language."
,Recommended,274980,22387505,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Liberty Pudding,"Wonderful game to have if you're learning a language! It won't teach you the language on your own, this game, like it says, only teaches you new vocabulary words, which is really fun for begginners who don't have a big vocabulary list, it teaches use nouns, verbs, and adjectives!"
76561198010681732,Not Recommended,274980,30920071,Posted: 3 April,all,Stoned Fox,This game is almost good...The idea should be expanded...The pros:+many popular languages+visual nouns+natural souding languageThe cons:-why is there a story? just leave out the story and let players learn-the environment - confined to a small apartment...-simply a noun game...  (maybe it would be interesting to click on the vaccuum cleaner and then click on the floor.)The idea is great... the execution is terrible.I love learning languages...this is a good start for nouns. do not buy this game unless it is on sale.
76561198009202030,Not Recommended,274980,31586423,Posted: 6 May,all,steelpanther24,"Some may find this game/tool neat, others will be frustrated with its limits.   I found the game essentially useless, as there are dozens of other resources out there that can teach a student words.   If you wish to learn a game in a foriegn language then simply play one of your favorite games that allows you to choose the language you wish to use at the beginning.  Older games (like Aces of the Deep) would allow you to have your entire crew speak to you in German.   I was hoping there would be some sort of basic story (you are visiting a friend and he/she needs you to go get some things from the store and make it to meet him/her across town.)Pros:- Excellent native speakers, the pronounication was good as I (a non native speaker) could tell.  Obvisously the designers did not skimp here- Game interface is easily- Does tell you the gender of items- Rewards are useful (verbs)Cons- This is not a game, just an interface to learn the 400 or so words around an apartment.- Will not teach you to speak the language- Does not tell you why you need to know the gender of the object of the sentence.- If you are a gamer (as most of us are), it boring.If you are learning a language (via school or self study) then this tool would be a fun distraction.   The lack of any user modification (what if I were to ""win"" new culturally apprioriate clothes, phrases, etc or at least let me put on my own music) and any overall game theme will limit its appeal.HOWEVER, i am glad that I supported this through my purchase as I beleive in what the designers want to do.  Perhaps they will, instead, build a mod to Fallout 4 or Skyrim that makes you use the language to solve some crisises (i.e. trapped on a Russian sub and you must read the logs to get clues to get out, to speak to the ghoul crew members to help you etc.)"
76561198025394635,Not Recommended,274980,13945889,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Cpt.Selva[Hk] - Off for Concurso,"It's a nice game, it will teach you some substantives and some few verbs and adjectives.However, it's all limited to a room, kitchen and bathroom scenario, which, its a bit useless since it miss lots of important words."
,Recommended,274980,23937561,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Hopeless Henkka,"It IS handy for learning common vocabulary but you won't be learning a language by only using this. I would personally suggest using this for gaining a broader supply of words but using the free website Duolingo athttps://www.duolingo.com/for actually learning the technical parts, like forming sentences and such stuff. Using both of these is a good way to start learning languages."
76561198009575354,Recommended,274980,23132447,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Yellowstone,"Great game!It doesnt really help you to learn a language, but to build a vocabulary. If you're studying grammar, then Influent is great for you to learn new words. Nouns, verbs and adjectives.Most of negative recommendations here is probably due people who wants to play an ordinary game and have some fun. Influent is not about that. It's about learning words in a new language, and if you study that language, then it's gonna be lots of fun for you.I just hope they add more scenarios to explore, not only that appartment."
,Not Recommended,274980,30131726,Posted: 23 February,all,newbaconings,"Its an interesting concept but it feels like an extended demo. The fact that you can't leave this very small apartment (really, not even a house?) is super claustrophobic. I'm glad I bought it on sale rather than full price. I hope they expand this game into something more useful with more locations like an office, park, grocery store etc.  Some different minigames would be great too. I think its well done but I wouldn't recommend it unless your expectations are low and you can get it on sale."
,Recommended,274980,12844771,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Salesman,"Influent is quite basic in nature with the simple objective of walking around a small 4 room apartment clicking on objects to learn their pronounciation in any given target language. Although it hosts this extremely simplistic goal it really does a sucessful job at drawing the players attention in and making them want to learn. It is notable that Influent isn't going to form you into some language speaking master capable of conversing in any language but it does provide a solid baseline in which you can form your grammatical understanding on top of. If anything, just for the purpose of learning 400+ words this game is a invaluable source for language learners in a somewhat beggining state."
76561198274316079,Recommended,274980,31499114,Posted: 1 May,all,SirMudThower,"First off, there is no such thing as a game that will teach you a language. No single book or single teacher can either. It takes a combination of resources and materials. I was kind of annoyed by all the reviews on how this game is ""only"" for learning nouns (which is why I'm writing.) Yes, it primarily teaches you vocabulary. It's not meant to teach much else. I think it does a wonderful job fulfilling its purpose. Vocabulary is an essential part of language learning, and this game basically another nice tool on your language learning tool belt. So, with that settled, here's what I think so far:Pros /// The controls aren't hard  to use. (You have to read the instructions, though, or you'll have a hard time.) The audio is really clean and nice. It's not hard to hear the infllection in the speaker's voice. I like how you can open drawers and crouch to look under things.Cons /// I really wish you could leave the house. The lack of content is a little frustrating. This  really isn't a con, but it's something I'd really like  to see in the future. Maybe an expansion pack for work? The grocery store? Outside at a park? Also, the particle (in French, ""un"" and ""une"") are written but the voice doesn't say them. It's harder to memorize when you don't hear both the noun and particle. Again, it's not the end of the world but it certainly isn't a positive!UPDATE:I still like this game, but I don't have as much use for it anymore. I've mostly mastered all the words avaliable for my target language, and, honestly, when I got the game, I knew a lot of the words. It's still a good refresher though. If I end up learning another language, maybe I'll buy an expansion pack. Still seems worth the money."
76561197961441722,Not Recommended,274980,20479316,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Destrier,"The game is a great idea. The execution is weak, however...it is a point and click exercise for nouns with poor first-person controls. The click regions are too sensitive and often choices flash past too quickly. I think playing a MUD or RPG in another language would probably be a more effective experience."
,Recommended,274980,26496979,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,sayum,Influent is great for learning vocabulary in another language. I highly recommend it for use alongside other independant study tools and books. This is the most engaging way I have ever found to make learning the names of common items in a language that is foriegn to you. Influent will not teach you grammar or conversation but if you are learning those elsewhere then this game greatly improves those skills as you go. Influent is not built to be the complete language learning tool but what it is built to do it does extremely well.
76561198071590407,Not Recommended,274980,33398844,Posted: 9 July,all,Rairisuir,"This game is just a game.It is not suited to learn a language. There are very few vocabularies, limited to a little apartment and its ""items"".As for there are no extension in sight, this is just an idea, how language-learning could be approached.And this idea ist pretty good BUT:This game is just suited to improve your vocabulary regarding an apartment!Dieses Spiel ist leider bislang nur ein Spiel.Zum richtigen Sprachenlernen ist es nicht geeignet. Die stark begrenzte Anzahl an Vokabeln, beschränkt auf ein kleines Apartment, ohne Aussicht auf zeitnahe Erweiterung mit anderen Situationen, Räumlichkeiten und Gegebenheiten ist nur ein Idee, wie Sprachenlernen gestaltet werden könnte. UND diese Idee ist wirklich gut! Aber weder zum sinnvollen Einstigspunkt in die Sprache noch gut kombinierbar mit anderen Lernanwendungen.Dieses Spiel ist nur zu kaufen, wenn man sich die Vokabeln für Gegenstände im eigenen Raum nicht merken kann und etwas Zusätzliches zum Lernen sucht!"
,Recommended,274980,29367963,Posted: 19 January,all,Equinox💕,"This does not teach grammar and sentance structure.This is a tool to increase your vocabulary with verb, Adjective, and Nouns.This is a lot better than using picture flashcards."
,Recommended,274980,29749207,Posted: 6 February,all,mej35ch,"Amazing game to learn 420 basic words from language, there are 18 of them. And Steam cloud was just added including trading cards. There is only one apartment to explore and it would be great to add a garden and a garage. After a while it gets boring so adding some mini games is a good idea.Create Steam bundles to sell more DLC and make people save their money.Go for it, support developer!"
,Recommended,274980,23293838,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Gulgari,"(For the Russian version) For learning the names of the items around you daily, this program is great. As for actually learning conversational Russian... not so much. Also it doesn't break down letters or syllabuls to ensure proper reading (I can only imagine how difficult this would be if you were trying to learn a far eastern language).Another thing I noticed is they use selective words over general words in some cases. For example: Шляпа (Shlyapa) does mean 'hat' but it refers to a certain kind of hat like a fedora - the general term for 'hat' is actually Шапка (Shapka). I saw this again with the shirts. Each shirt in this game was Рубашка (Roobashka) which is more of a dress shirt or collared shirt - you would use Футболка (Footbolka) for T-shirt.I could see this game having a LOT of potential if it were to go in the right direction."
,Recommended,274980,14770715,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,TsuTsu #11748,"Great learning aid. Does what it advertises and helps you learn foreign words.some funny easter eggs too.To people writing negative reviews because you expected it to teach you an entire languagelearn to read. seriously. it says that it teaches words, not languages."
,Recommended,274980,32701409,Posted: 23 June,all,챙,"Very limited to what you can learn and just like most of the reviews are for this game, Influent is simply a game to increase your noun vocabulary and not much else. If you want to learn a around 400 nouns confined in an apartment, then be my guest and buy this game, but if you are just starting out don't buy this game unless its on sale.This game seems as if it's just like an extra course to take and not one of the main courses. I will recommend this game hoping that the developers make a similar game but with more variety."
76561198134088178,Recommended,274980,27752644,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,magoreiki,A very interesting way to learn a new language!
,Not Recommended,274980,34965251,Posted: 14 September,all,sharkbloodr,Bought this game to learn another language (duh) Its not really fun and its short too. Gets really repitive.
76561198049793488,Not Recommended,274980,15491597,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,AndrestheJeff,"I highly recomment not to buy.You can learn new vocabulary, or practice some you know by clicking on everything inside an appartment (you never leave the appartment). That's all you can do, then review it or play a time attack where you have to click objects. And t's not like you're going to click 100 objects and learn that in a day, not even 50. The game gets boring after playing for about 5-10 minutes because of this, and because you are in a very small place.I thought it had some other sort of gameplay that included language learning, not just clicking on some objects. There are many other apps or tools you can buy for this money or that are free which are better for learning."
,Not Recommended,274980,11682769,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Tatla,"I'll preface with: I think the idea of this game is golden. I would love to play a game and learn a new language while having some level of fun and immersion.This isn't that, but it's a good start.The game has a good bit of vocabulary for around the house, so it's fine if you already understand how to structure a sentence in your chosen language. But it certainly doesn't get you to conversational level and for someone brand-new to their language, it's just... not good. But if you know how to conjugate a verb and what articles to use for which nouns, then it's a pretty o.k. tool for an incredibly limited amount of words. It isn't really worth the price right now- You can pick up a children's book from the native country for cheaper and probably get about the same experience.tl;dr: love the medium. hopeful of more places to go in the future, until then, overpriced and underwhelming."
,Recommended,274980,10540592,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,khablabla,"to be honest this is a good tool for learning vocabulary, but that on its own is limited. I can't just go up to a vendor and yell ""sandwich"" in his language, right? I guess he'll know I want a sandwich, but I know I won't be able to communicate anything else! In any case, this is a great supplement to a language course; if you are learning the grammar somewhere else, this game can help you revise and learn the vocab. It's a great tool."
76561197973638893,Recommended,274980,9598877,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Ziggy Stardust,"--THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE GERMAN VERSION OF THE SOFTWARE--RECOMMENDED...but with some notable caveats.VOCAB GENDER: I was hesitant to purchase this program at first because I wasn't sure if it would identify the gender of the vocabulary words. Gender is VERY important to speak proper German as it modifies many other words in a sentence (mein, meine, meinen...etc.) While the game DOES give the gender via text when selecting the word, it does not speak the gender in the audio or when doing the games. I would much prefer if it included that, since the games are meant to bolster your vocabulary it should include gender in spoken audio.ONLY TEACHES VOCAB: If you want a program focused on creating sentences and communicating with others, try Rosetta Stone. This is first and foremost vocab software. Go elsewhere to learn how to employ verbs correctly.GOOD VOCAB, BUT MISSING ELEMENTS: The list of vocabulary words consists of ""around the house"" items. While useful, it does not cover things like ordering in a restaurant, traveling, etc.A GOOD COMPONENT TO LANGUAGE LEARNING, BUT NOT A COMPLETE PROGRAM: This software is excellent and fun for learning basic vocabulary, but limited in many ways. My dream language program is similar to this in 3D/FPS style, but including many places like restaurants, train stations, work, and with NPCs whom you can interact with and ""discuss"" topics, such as your boss, a waitperson, a buddy at the bar (""Kneiper""), a date, a hotel staffer...sort of a Rosetta Stone meets Second Life. Literally a 3D immersion in the other culture. This is not it.The final word,KNOW WHAT YOU'RE GETTING INTO: This is a vocab program. Basic, but good, and fun to boot. But at the moment it can only be a component to a more comprehensive language program, not the foundation.(For those that know/care, I would gauge this as a level A1 program under the Common European Framework.)"
,Recommended,274980,12940848,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,obama based god,"I am currently taking classes to learn Russian (in my second semester), and this game is VERY helpful with vocabulary. What people need to understand is that there is no magic, effortless, lazy-oriented utility to help you learn all of a language. Language is very complicated and if you want to thoroughly learn one you need to put in a lot of effort to memorize and pound grammar (that is sometimes completely illogical at that) into your head. I really don't understand the notion from people that this game isn't worth it just because it only teaches vocabulary. Do they know that is the hardest part of a language? Vocabulary is endless hours of memorization and usage.With that being said, I will say that if you are actually trying to learn the language and not just doing this for fun or because you like memorization games (kinda like me, mainly why I'm learning a new language) this game is best used in conjunction with some self study of the grammar or a class to learn the grammar and boulster your confidence in the language. This game will SIGNIFICANTLY improve your usage of the language because vocabulary is key to being able to express yourself. Grammar is important, but if you use the wrong conjugation or maybe even tense because you are not quite fine tuned with the grammar most native speakers will still be able to understand you.All in all, I think this game is one of my favorite. There is so many languages you can learn. If you like memorization as much as I do (ALOT), like learning languages, and enjoy simple games, this is the game for you. I think this game is one of the best I have ever played. I just bought it last night and already finished Russian, gonna practice some more and then move to German or Chinese."
,Not Recommended,274980,11574544,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Miss Pavlichenko,"when i was seven, my mom wanted me to learn spanish so she got me some tapes and a kiddie spanish dictionary. i could have tracked down a french version of my childhood spanish dictionary and it would have been a more comprehensive overview than this game. if you want to learn another language use duolingo and/or go to your local library and get some language books, and use the ten dollars (plus five dollars for each language pack) you would have spent on influent to treat yo'self."
,Not Recommended,274980,26154931,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,wildsaf,"Would love to give this a thumbs up as it is a great concept, but its save system is a STEAMING PILE OF HORSE♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Have started numerous new games, only to have the game forget my progress and only offer partially saved games to resume. Whats more is that you can't even play it on a different computer, you lose your whole progress. This makes it an extremely tedious and painful rather than fun learning experience, especially when you're literally confined to a single apartment. Desperately needs a function to save your game and have more content than just four tiny rooms to explore!Do yourself a favour, get a tablet and try Duolingo or Memrise. They may not be video games, but you'll learn more, and have more fun. And you might even get to leave your apartment."
76561198081620670,Recommended,274980,32071670,Posted: 30 May,all,GET OFF MY LAWN,"Overall, great!Excellent for visual learners, or anyone simply bored of textbooks. Runs well and succeeds as ""immersing"" you into the language you wish to learn.That being said, this $9.99 game isn't going to teach you every aspect of a new language. It's great for learning VOCABULARY. You will NOT be leap into conversations after mastering this game, but rather know the foreign names for objects you interact with daily. Use another source for grammar and phrases, and this game will compliment your learning nicely.I would like to see more levels in the future (ie: grocery store, classroom), but I have no major complaint of the game as it currently is."
76561198298085382,Recommended,274980,22327191,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Nenuvir,I have used rosetta stone and to be honest i like this game more because its more interactive very good little game thumbs up from me
,Recommended,274980,16486315,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Kaiser of Greater Germany,"As someone who wants to learn multiple languages (and is. Im learning French, Danish and now Italian) this game is very helpful. It helps you along with your quest for different languages. The Italian verison is helping me out with my poor Italian (mostly because I based my old Italian translations off my French) and so that maybe one day I can speak the language fluently. If not at least I could read and write it for now. I never expected so much from a game like this. I'm very impressed.Give it a try."
,Recommended,274980,23612648,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Miharu,"I have the French version:A fun way to learn and remember words for some simple, everyday objects. I’m more of a visual learner, so I’ve really enjoyed this. My only complaint is that I wish that they’d given words like colours multiple correct answers, for example, for “yellow” to not only have ""banana"" as an answer, but all other objects that are yellow. It's silly that you need to remember the exact object whenever you want to quiz yourself. I understand that for some other adjectives, like “interesting”, it’s a bit more difficult to relate an object to. This is mainly a great game to learn nouns with, and not so much for adjectives and verbs."
,Not Recommended,274980,9610823,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,partlyhuman,"Some people help themselves learn a language by labeling everything in their house in the target language. This is exactly the virtual version of that, no more, no less. I certainly enjoy getting the benefits of that without the real-world eyesore or effort, but it is a very limited tool in learning a language. I would only recommend it as a fun practice tool for those already learning a language in other ways.What it does, it does well. But it doesn't try to do much.Tip: The Spanish language version teaches in a Spanish accent, as opposed to central/southern American which may be more desirable to learn for those in the US.Annoyances: I find the controls a little awkward and I'd like to customize them (say, remap keys), but this isn't an option. No controller support. The UI leaves a bit to be desired. You can only get to some things from the third-person view, for example, and it is really unintuitive to set up language lists. Two days playing it and I can't figure out if there's a way to get a hint when looking for an object. Words are coded with icons and labels whose meaning is not immediately evident. And I wish it would remember my VSync  settings. I'm sure a little more polish can solve these problems, and I hope the developer keeps at it!"
,Not Recommended,274980,25455215,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Sems,"This game is basically a point-and-click dictionary. You see an object, you click on it, and the game tells you the translation and pronunciation. It does as described, in that it works on vocabulary acquisition and pronunciation. I'm a bit disappointed, because I was hoping for something immersive that would push you to think instead of memorize. If you're only looking to build your vocab/work on pronunciation, you're golden. Beyond that, I can't say much about this."
,Recommended,274980,29311366,Posted: 16 January,all,ItsLeAshton,"Whilst Influent and Duolingo may not necessarily be the best tools for language learning, using both of them together is pretty effective, and I recommend Influent for using alongside Duolingo."
,Recommended,274980,32825887,Posted: 26 June,all,yerkar,I like it a lot. Hope to go outside one day. xD
,Recommended,274980,23180465,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,General Wo,"Use this alongside a proper language learning course. It is best suited for languages that don't have gendered nouns (e.g. English) and simple pluralization rules (or a lack of plural forms altogether). It's definitely worth its cheap price, even more so if you grab it in a sale. This is also not a game for which you need to own all the DLC to get the full gameplay experience.I think this is a great way to learn words, as you hear the pronunciation, read the spelling, and see the object in question at the same time.This game will only help you learn vocabulary, and this is mostly limited to nouns for objects found in the house. This is not a language course you can use stand-alone, but a learning tool to be used alongside others.I only own the German language pack, and I really wish the voice pronouncing all the words would also include the definite article (words like der/die/das). Plural forms would also be nice, as German has relatively complex rules for pluralizing nouns, which also change depending on the noun's gender."
76561198030413844,Recommended,274980,9579207,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,svdb,"I usually don't write reviews but this time it's different: this game is awesome!It's is exctly what I needed! Finally someone made it fun to learn foreign languages.If like me you don't have a whole lot of time and a whole lot of patience for learning languages, and if like me learning conjugation and rules before even knowing how to say ""bread"" bores you to death, this ""game"" is for you!It's mainly focusing on vocabulary, but hey, knowing words and nouns is what helps you out in any country even if you can make full sentences. Of course I don't expect this game to actually teach me a whole language but I was looking for an easy introduction and this game does it very well. I purchased Spanish because I live in SoCal and I always wanted to learn it (I took German in school: big mistake), and Japanese because I have family in Japan. Spanish shouldn't be too hard for me because I'm fluent in French, but learning Japanse has always been daunting to me. I tried learning Japanese in the past but frankly, after a day of hard work I'm not so in the mood for more hard work at home.Well, things are different now. I only have to spend 20 minutes a day without getting tired or making my brain hurt. I'm able to remember 20 Japanese words already! Woohoo! (I'm focusing on the kitchen for now)(I recommend when starting an new game in Japanese to choose the Romanji option: it'll display the words in phonetical western alphabet, which helps a lot. Also, during your first sessions start off with a very small set of words, like 10, as it's essential you don't discourage yourself by aiming too high too soon.)Now I'm thinking of purchasing the French DLC for my son who only speaks Japanese and English.OK, I guess you get the picture, I love this ""game"" and I highly recommend it!!"
76561198052709775,Not Recommended,274980,30489430,Posted: 13 March,all,dreamerInSilico,"It's a visual vocabulary list, not a comprehensive language learning tool.  I can find vocab lists online for free; wandering around a low-res 3D environment while learning them doesn't really add anything to the experience for me, and it's useless for actually constructing sentences.  Don't bother, except maybe for a young child, and even then I wouldn't recommend paying full price."
,Recommended,274980,11043095,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,MalaNala,Why can't you go outside yet? Will that be avalible?
,Recommended,274980,9581389,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,2 Much Source 4 Me,"I recommend this game if youre trying to build vocabulary not so much talking to a person. There are duplicates of items which I don't think is a bad thing. It causes people to be like ""Oh! This is that item too right?!~"" or something like that. It is pretty good for the price I believe so and the additional languages are cheap too. If they could make this game about maybe not just in a apartment, maybe add more variety, like an office, or maybe some mall or park or something with NPCs that are dressed up like workers would be really nice to see. Maybe in the future though."
76561198064570338,Recommended,274980,11573670,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,mizuru007,"Didn't think that it would actually help me learn vocabulary, but here I am learning!  The method of finding verbs and adjectives for the Time Attack is a little faulty, since it's possible to brute force it if you can read the language you're learning, but it's still good!  Enjoy it immensely!"
,Recommended,274980,32682495,Posted: 23 June,all,Devnatame,"All I can say is Yay!  Lots of exploring to do. Great for beginner, Trying to get that kickoff into French.  Wish it would let me review more then 10 words at a time.  Perhaps some type of marathon run.  Otherwise, I cant wait to be one of those complaining for more content.  This game is perfect for beginners who learn through absorbtion and through the PC."
,Recommended,274980,25536513,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Lyam,This game is a very good way to teach basic words. It even has some nice little minigames for how to get the words memorized.
,Not Recommended,274980,9639825,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Cabbage Merchant,"Only teaches individual words and only includes nouns, verbs, and adjectives. Does not contain sentence structure lessons or other parts of speech."
,Recommended,274980,28152748,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,targetmaster,"If this game was more than just a room and it evetually lead to higher level grammar learning they could have charged WAY more. Otherwise for what they charged it is fair for what you get.I was embarrassed at how despite taking French from Kindegarten to Grade 11 and living in Canada (where you have bilingual labelling) at how at first, quite bad, I was at recognizing the labels. Within two hours though I had covered a lot of ground due to my prior langauge learning.As said if this game was not limited to just the apartment you live in then it be a far more valuable reasource than what it claims to be."
76561198172691486,Recommended,274980,28155826,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Silhouette Fleur,"For a begginer in a second language I have found this game to be helpful in that it is a small stepping stone on my way to learning words.To clarify this, I am learning High German primarily from one fluent speaking friend, a couple of phone apps (which I find underwhelming), and this ... The only thing I could do to improve my rate of learning is take a German course and then immerse myself in the country.But as I say, it is a small stepping stone, I do appreciate that it is devoloped by a single person (last time I checked), and that this person (or persons) has many other languages to update.Where this falls down;*No option to choose gender.*Gendered items of level solely male. (knowing what to call a wallet does not help me when I carry a purse)*Items, such as milk in the refrigerator, whilst when clicked are pronounced ""milch"", still read ""milk"" on the carton, this breaks much of the immersion. -- I feel that when learning a language it is best not to translate object names, simply to hold it up and give it the correct name in that language, otherwise the association between terms will be forever referenced back to the first language and create a mental lag.*Despite a female character being shown on the cover, she never makes an appearance, the player never gets to choose to play as her in her appartment.*No character interaction so as to learn grammar and how to use the words we learn in a sentence.German has around four words for ""the"", they are each gendered, and may be used in a non gendered way to indicate plural items or people, In-Fluent will not teach you this. -- Rather than striving to, it could simply mention what it does not teach so as to make the user aware they will need to pick that up elsewhere.*Character movement is clunky, to move around either mouse button must be clicked and dragged around.*It is not readily apparent to a player (well, at least me), that items once clicked then need to have their corresponding word below clicked so as to catalog them.*Some items are far too small and may wreck the experience of challenge mode, i.e trying to click on keys and clicking the bench they sit on is a constant problem.*This is a game that could benefit from the use of phonetics.This game will teach you many household items, there are at least 200 words to catalog before learning other names for the same item depending on how it may be used in a sentence.For the dedicated player I would say suppliment this with a lot of postit notes around the house of what objects are called in the language you are attempting to learn. -- If you pronounce these as the game has been pronouncing these, you will likely be ever so slightly off with the accent, however walking about the house and saying the name of an item every time you interact with it will help your pronunciation alongside learning.Although a lot of work has been put into this game I would suggest best to pick it up on Steam sale due to its current limitations."
76561198062381094,Not Recommended,274980,25272132,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Adenzel,"Seems like a good idea, but the execution leaves a lot to be desired."
,Recommended,274980,13012604,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Jonny Starfall,"-Languages I'm learning: German and Swedish-An equivalent of using flash cards when learning vocabulary in another language, but in game form.Pros:+Teaches you various words in many different languages you chose to learn.+Gives you various challenges to do when you're learning each word and mastering them.+Pretty catchy soundtrack.+More choices in what language you want to learn that are currently in development.+You can fly a plane and shoot lasers at various objects.Cons:-This only teaches you vocabulary and not how to speak and write in your desired language (i.e.: sentence structure).-Choices of language are limited as of writing this review.I recommend this game to anyone who is looking to brush up on their vocabulary when they're learning a different language. I won't recommend if they're looking to learn how to actually speak and write in another language. This is meant to be played as an interactive dictionary."
76561198320963445,Recommended,274980,33745821,Posted: 23 July,all,Yorkieboy,"As someone who struggles with learning languages (currently learning korean) I am loving this. I have textbooks at home and struggled to find methods of learning simple vocab and speaking pronunciations. I taught English in Korea for one year (elementary schools) and I am going back next year, I might look into the English version for my students.Only just started, but it is already proving to prolong my short attention span."
,Recommended,274980,12975649,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Theeny,"Great for learning common vocab.Main annoyance with the game is the controlls, both first and third person views are clunky and I often misclick due to the poor highlighting and size of objects (for example - pens and pencils).Still, totally worth the cash - I wouldn't use this as the only learning tool, this works well as a daily vocab trainer but doesn't replace a teacher or text book."
76561198008496095,Recommended,274980,30350380,Posted: 5 March,all,Captain Cucumber,"If you are learning a language, this is very helpful for basic vocabulary"
76561198049651622,Recommended,274980,20491163,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,MUTAiTO,"Its a nice vocabulary leaning game and if u are creative enough, u can expand the game yourself. For example, first u have to explore your appartment, there are a lot of things to get to know, in boxes, shelfs, everywhere and everything, and when u have explored enough u can do a vocabulary run game. There a narrator tells u to find the words shown up, and when the word show up u can imagine the story to it, u have to know verbs (so additional if u are already learning a language or u learn 4 yourself, verb trainer would be cool as [free] dlc!!!!and present, past and future table would be awesome), If the Narrator tells u to find a book, u can say ""i read a book"", and so on. ( u can make it more complex and involve the next item showing up, its funny too to make a story out of it) :DSo i hope the developers will do some more places to be (DLC). A park or so. And u can imagine and simulate alot of situations and learn a language more complex."
,Recommended,274980,9578157,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,tnkltnkl,"Delivers exactly what it promises. It's a fun and interactive way to learn a ton of nouns, a few adjectives and verbs of a language of your choice! Does not teach sentences or structure, but it's very useful for learning basic object names as well as pronunciation. It provides both masculine, and feminine versions if there are any, (and neutral of course) as well as alternative nouns that may be used.For the price point I'd say you're getting some pretty good value, especially considering the DLC is 50% off at the moment."
76561197972310945,Not Recommended,274980,15654542,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Dennis[DK],"2.0/10.0I was expecting more of this game. I expected something like a challenge, where you get to know what some word means, and then have to translate the words or a sentence into the other language. Or something like that.But the game is quite trivial and useless. The only thing you can do, is walk around in a little apartment, click at some objects, the game will tell you what the thing is called in the chosen language. When you had choose ten words, you can go in to a time race mode, and now you have to find the objects again, which you choose in the first round. Quite boring and trivial IMO.The game is furthermore quite unintuitive, and the controls sucks! When you walk around in third person view, you have to use the mouse to look around.The concept of the game is great. But I was expecting something more innovative, challenging and ""fun"" than this. I actually regret, that I spend money on this game."
,Recommended,274980,9578414,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Doomba,"The game is a fun way to learn (albeit in a limited way) a new language. The design of this game is to not only read and hear the word, but to explore the word visually, which not only enhances memorization, but makes it more fun doing so. At 400 words, it's a start, but definitely needs to progress beyond that.My only hope is they soon expand the game to the outside world, such as the supermarket, train station, and other basic locations that would help language learners and travelers alike. Even the backyard/front yard would be a great addition.It's definitely a great way to learn a language, even if it's still limited."
,Recommended,274980,10849985,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Geli_Roll,"I really like this game! It really connects all things you need to know about learning languages! It provides enough material for you to understand the words, the characters, and the adjectives and verbs especially! I think I have really increased a lot with my Japanese learning since I took classes! I would reccomend this game to anyone for $10 instead of a $300 class or monthly subscription to a website!"
76561198035461829,Not Recommended,274980,9893222,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,r_rosha_rr,"I think the system used is great for learning vocabulary. Unfortunately the the description (""Learn Spanish"" in my case) is misleading. You're not going to learn a language, you'll learn 400 words, which isn't enough for even the simplest of conversations. I gifted the Japanese version to a friend: it took her one afternoon to finish the game.Furthermore, you''l only learn a few verbs and adjectives, and no grammar"
,Not Recommended,274980,9601993,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Chrispea,I found this game obtuse and dificult to follow. I am a 'visual learner' so expected the contrary. I have only just started and found that the 'game' format of this learning tool does not ease the learning process at all. Another review recomended people interested trymemrise.cominstead and after following that advise I agree. I am making better progress there and it's free.This game is a cool idea but it has been floundered. It could have been more useful if there was an outdoor area and NPCs to make conversation with.
76561198008744543,Recommended,274980,9688645,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Philip Marlowe,"An addictive educational indie game which also includes a bonus relaxing soundtrack, 100% FREE.  Bought it to learn some basic nouns, verbs and adjectives in Japanese Romanji and so far I love it!Kickstarter funded indie game, collaboratively developed by multinational university educators, hence its soft place in my heart."
,Recommended,274980,15315297,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Purplella,"I have almost played a full hour, and already learned a few Japanese words! If only they stick to me! ;O) I am sure I will be able to with this game, if I play the game more than an hour. So far I consider this to be a great beginners to learn a 2nd language! I have always wanted to learn Japanese so I don't have to listen to the annoying sub-titles and read all the time! So far, one of the best 5 dollars  I spent on an educational game."
,Recommended,274980,12684885,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Smonkk,Learnt video game controller in GermanRepeatedly clicked on a catFlew a plane into a shoe10/10Like Rosetta Stone with Lasers - IGN
,Recommended,274980,10987066,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Mr Monkerson,"Excellent tool for learning a new language, it's helped with listening skills."
,Recommended,274980,10797236,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,jadeshadey,"This language game has a nice clean look with simple controls and an easy to read UI. The consept is great, walk up to items throughout the apartment and learn how to say it in the language of your purchase. There is a test challenge you can play that earns you stars to purchase verbs and adjetives. I chose Japanese. There is a choice of reading the words in Romanji, Katakana, or Kanji. I would love to see if this game goes beyond the apartment."
,Recommended,274980,15758370,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,OtakuBrony,"The game allows you to learn 400 basic words in a certian language you choose. It's not bad, but I do wish it had a bit more to it. Baby steps is the key, so I suppose I shouldn't be too picky. It's not best to rely on this if you want to learn a new language (obviously) I'm also glad there are achievements and tasks to keep you motivated into playing the game.It's a fun way to brush up on your vocab, verbs, and adj. which is fine by me. Any ammount of information to help me understand Japanese and Spanish a bit more is useful."
,Recommended,274980,10774523,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,BrosBeforeHoes,"It's a good game, but the playing area is too small, 420 words is not nearly enough for anything and it doesn't teach you grammar or give you any long sentences. Beware."
76561198045179643,Recommended,274980,15766604,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Trisellara,"Influent is a ok game but has the potential to be so much more.  The game is restricted to a single 3 room apartment so the words that you are able to learn are pretty limited. If you already are learning a language this is a good way to brush up on your vocabulary but not much more.There are few suggestions that I have which I think would improve the game a lot:- Include an entire town, not just a small apartment.- Have a mode where you have to type the name of objects, rather than just recognise the word as it's spoken.- Have built in conversations. For example while exploring the town (if you made it an entire town) have the abbility to approach people and ask them questions. These questions could be predefined and the player just clicks on the one they want to ask."
,Recommended,274980,15257675,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,kaLaPuigQo,"I bought this game since I needed to learn swedish for school! It assisted me in learning some basic words you need in real life and in early exams. This how ever wont teach you proper grammar and it is pretty limited to what the developers has designer it to be.If you are having some trouble in learning some basic words from a language you are studying, I recommend you try this!If you don't expect to fully learn a language from this game, you will be fine."
,Recommended,274980,11383505,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Skibbs,"(JP version) I found this very useful. If you are a frequent traveler or plan on relocating, this is definitely for you! You can switch from Romaji to Hiragana works wonders helping familiarize yourself with the characters.Don't get me wrong. This isn't a language course, if you want that, go to your local community college and sign up for classes, lol, you aren't going to be fluent just sitting on your a#$ playing a game. I've read a couple of reviews blasting this game for that very reason. A lot of work goes into learning the nuances of a foreign tongue. This is designed to help you with speed and visual recognition of objects/verbs/adjectives."
76561198092528385,Recommended,274980,9729473,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Special Agent Dale Cooper,"Coming from an educational background, I can see the value in a product like this one.  This is not a game that you want to rent for the weekend.  Influent is a great way to immerse yourself in a target language.  This is a great supplement to explore in your free time.  If you're motivated, and interested in a foreign language please give it a try.  The price point might drive some away.  However, when compared with Rosetta Stone, which can run upwards of $100, it's a steal.  Also, please check out my Youtube check out/review of this game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WeOJDOj6fVwYou will enjoy it."
,Recommended,274980,11917821,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Squib,"I use this to supplement my study of Korean grammar, I just play/use Influent for 30 mins each day, and I'm finding it really useful for learning everyday objects.The verbs and adjectives are a little difficult to play the games with (time attack + fly by) as they are more abstract concepts, but either way, this is a useful tool that stimulates visual, reading, aural, and kinesthetic learning styles through the artificial environment.- If additional material was available for other locations (aside from the apartment providing household object vocab), I'd definitely buy it.Please note, this will not help you SPEAK the language, but will DEFINITELY put you on the right path to learning the vocab you need."
,Recommended,274980,24558399,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Mada mada,"I just ""finished"" this game and by that I mean I have mastered all 420 words. Played this game for almost 30 hours and I will keep playing it, as time passes we are bound to forget some words. In a sense you never really finish a game like this. There are two questions you need to ask yourself upon  purchasing  this game.1- Do you want to just play a different game and have some fun?Answer:  Skip this game if you're looking for something different expecting to have fun, this game is not for you unless you are capable to endure the lack(zero) of story,gameplay and graphics. Trust me you wont have any fun, even I, bought it just to help improve my Mandarin because I though "" Nice, a game and I can learn Mandarin? Must buy it!"" I hoped I would have some fun while studying, inevitably I  would still get bored sometimes.2-  Are studying a language, in college,school or just by yourself, and you plan to use this as an auxiliary device to help you learn faster?Answer: Then this is the perfect game for you.This is my case, I bought it solely to improve my vocabulary and this game is good at doing that, it is a good change from just writing words in a notebook to walk in a room and click on things, see the animations, discover new words then do the time attack.Final  thoughts:I recommend this to anyone( I even recommended this to my girlfriend because she wants to learn Portuguese) that is learning a language or wants to get familiar with one, its a ""fun"" way to do it. Keep this in mind before pressing the purchase button."
,Recommended,274980,25313247,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,SpookyDiaboliC,"Make the audio files that play the words, say DER, DIE, and DAS. That REALLY REALLY REALLY REALLY helps and is important to those learning langauges with articles, mine for instance. GERMAN."
76561198038786186,Recommended,274980,23820590,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Sique,"A great way to expand your vocabulary arsenal.you will learn tons of new words, mostly everyday items.super effective way to learn, you will acquire new words pretty fast.Keep in mind that this aren't suppose to teach you the language, it's for increasing your vocabs"
76561198066172326,Recommended,274980,14615926,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,playboi retardi,"I honestly thought that this game would be some cheap knock-off and wouldn't be fun but I thought ""Ah, what the hell!"" So I purchased it and downloaded it. I jumped straight into learning Korean. A very nice tutorial, quite fun to learn with and the quizes are very nice. The idea of learning everything in an apartment is very good. The controls are a bit off. That's how far I have to dig into this game to find something wrong with it. And it's only that you have to hold down shift to crouch. Solid 9.8/10! BUY THIS GAME IF YOU'RE INTERESTED IN LEARNING A SECOND LANGUAGE!!!!"
,Recommended,274980,29062691,Posted: 6 January,all,Nocturnal Stalker,"First of all, this is not a game to learn a language. The purpose of this game is to augment your vocabulary by learning some words related to household.I still haven't tested it on a language I'm completely unfamiliar with, but, if you are already studying a language, you will probably find this game useful.The only downside is that it only contains 420 words. I'd really like to see some DLC with new words and situations."
76561198006721607,Recommended,274980,28475872,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Raging Katsumi,"Very fun because of the exploration and self paced nature. The game gives you a bunch of tool tips at the beginning and then just releases you into the wild (Be free, young spirit!!!) to explore your apartment. I went with the Japanese pack so it has options to display either kana, kanji, or the romanization spelling. Having the ability to just discover and plink around is really fun. I totally recommend this for anyone interested in a fun way to learn items in a new language, especially if it has a different alphabet from the standard English A-Z. The pronunciation is clear and the BGM makes it super relaxing. Get it, get it, get it, get it!!! 5 Stars, A+, Four Stars!!!!"
,Recommended,274980,17084005,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Help,"This is a great supplement to drilling vocabulary for a language. However, it is greatly limited by the objects within the game.What is wonderful about it is that it tries to mimic your household items. So even when you're not playing, you can look around your room and try to recall or speak out the words you've been practicing.This is slightly more advantageous then drilling a set list of vocab words in a 101 book, or from a class. As those list are fixed to a lesson plan, and it's a bit harder to grasp as you are relying more on flash cards rather than visual associations to the object or action.I recommend this to anyone who wants to increase their elementary vocabulary of a language while learning a new language. This however, does not help you construct any grammatically correct sentences for said language, nor would it help you with verb tenses nor particles."
76561198008085753,Not Recommended,274980,9679905,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,thersen,great way to learn. only think that I would like developper to take care of is slowing down application when more than 50 words are being rembered in one shoot. delay between clicsk tends to get ~3-5 sec and believe me my machine stats are more thjan enough ...Ive just realized that : it containes only 400 words ... thats not what I would expect for itsprice.
,Recommended,274980,10966471,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Dr.Killbru,"I gotta say if you want to begin to learn a language, after 10 minutes or so in this you will actually enjoy starting the process. Excellent game."
76561198013958191,Recommended,274980,9613288,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Sanurah,"On its own, this won't make you fluent as it only teaches words, however in conjunction with a free language learning program such as Duolingo, this is perfect! It makes learning feel more like a game rather than a chore and allows you to pick up words pretty fast. I'm personally using it for French and like it so far, I only wish the apartment were a tad bit bigger. for only $10 though, its great. It's a great idea worth supporting and trying."
,Recommended,274980,10775260,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,dgletts,"This is a really awesome language learning too that I hope people take a chance on. I'm learning it to use Korean and it's amazingly practical. I tell people it's the 'virtual equivalent of putting a sticky note with the vocab word on EVERYTHING you own' and they are usually pretty interested.400 words is a good start, but I want more!"
76561197989591609,Recommended,274980,9600805,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Captain Slingshot,"This is a legitimately great tool for learning a new language! I feel like it's a little too small, and there are definitely some refinements that could be made (For example, perhaps adding a togglable character list on the side of the screen) but overall it's fun, interesting, and I can see myself using this for quite a while."
76561197992556161,Recommended,274980,9603813,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Sir Humphrey,Totally Awesome!
,Recommended,274980,9595166,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,TYLERKEGS,A very good game to learn another language an easy way. Video games certainly make things a lot better rather  than look at a lame screen all day. This game puts you into the world of a different language. I certainly reccommend this game.
,Recommended,274980,9590877,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Buldinn 🐏 (That Sheep),"I've put in a little less than an hour and I've already learned 50 words in Latin!You walk around a small apartment and double-click on 10 different objects at a time (I choose objects close to each other); you're then quizzed on those ten objects. An in-game narrarator speaks the pronunciation and shows you the spelling but gives you no other indicators on what the object is, it's your task to match words to objects.It's a lot easier than I made it sound.My only worry is that this game may only teach basic objects, even though there's more than 400 of them; it's pretty hard to hold a coversation only knowing nouns... I may be wrong; I've only gotten one hour in thus far.9/10, most fun language learning program I've used and very effective."
76561198002435783,Not Recommended,274980,9624480,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Goat,"I liked the idea behind this game, but can't recommend it in it's current form.  The house is tiny (really really tiny) and claustrophobic, and the controls are annoying.  I would pay a lot of money for a high quality open world game with language teaching built in.  Make me acompellinggame like Skyrim or Vice City with language teaching integrated and I'll happily open my wallet to Ro$etta $tone levels."
76561198025140541,Recommended,274980,9645647,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Tangie,"WARNING: One shouldn't expect to learn any grammar from this game or be able to master a language simply by playing this.Having said that, Influent is pretty handy for learning BASIC vocabulary, consisting of 420 words. It's a cute little game that allows the player to walk around a small apartment and click on various objects. Upon clicking on these objects, you can hear and/or see the word for it in whatever language you have chosen. With these in tow, you may play a mini game that speaks and/or shows vocabulary words and then you have to go wherever that item is located and click on it.I don't think it was quite worth the $9.99 I spent in order to buy it, but never the less, it's very handy for keeping up with vocabulary. So maybe try catching it on sale for about half the price, if this seems like your kind of thing.For me personally, it's handy and helpful, so that's good enough."
76561198073483912,Not Recommended,274980,9693127,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Rose711,"If you want a chance to learn in a fun environment, you are better off checking out duolingo (a completely free online language tool) which is just as enjoyable and includes more language development skills than just vocab without any grammatical context. I was hoping there would be more of a game like atmosphere to this but it was just point and click at objects. You could do the same thing walking around your own house with google."
76561198086112954,Recommended,274980,11156645,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,CarmeloCrunch,Great game for anyone wanting to learn a new language. (Currently learning Japanese.)
76561198018891111,Recommended,274980,9595343,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,implodingpye,"Language purchased: Mandarin Chinese.Before I say anything else about this game, I am playing it having already studied Mandarin Chinese for two years. That said, the game has been a really fun and effective way for me to brush up on my vocabulary, and learn plenty of new words. When studying another language, you don't always learn the words for all these little things, and there is a ton of stuff in this game. Usually you'll learn some essentials like clothes and some furniture, but the game has all sorts of other things too, from household appliances like a blender, to food, paintings, comics, a skateboard, and basically anything else you might find in a small apartment. The diversity of the vocabulary is really nice, and on a lot of words there are bonus words to unlock which are usually verbs or adjectives associated with those words. While the game certainly doesn't teach you anything about things like sentence structure, grammar, or other things you need to acutally be able to speak the language, it's a great way to get started. Plus, $9.99 is a great deal on any language learning tool."
,Not Recommended,274980,9629313,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,TheWalrusEffect,$10 for 420 (heheh) words with no grammar rules whatsoever. Literally. Just the words. That's it. Just use Duolingo. It's free and a million times better.
,Not Recommended,274980,12704862,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Dystopics,"An interesting concept, its gameplay is simple and concise, and I feel would be a fantastic supplemental material for learning a language. However, as a standalone learning methodology, it's just a bit above learning a language by memorizing a dictionary."
,Recommended,274980,9656209,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Charon,"While Influent isn't going to teach you an entire language, grammar and all, it is very good at what it does do which is teaching you vocabulary by acting as a visual aid all while being engaging and fun. It makes existing efforts to learn a language easier and I sure wish I had this all those years ago when I was learning French in school.You can see how the game plays by seeing how I attempt to begin learning Swedish here:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=243031784All in all, if you're learning a language and want a useful visual aid as an accompaniment or if you just have a fascination with dabbling in languages anyway then you can't go wrong for the price."
,Recommended,274980,26475497,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Kaesj,"well , this game is nice for learning vocabulary ,but i hope it could teach me about interactions and more :/"
,Recommended,274980,21581682,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Menace123,"- This review isn't written by a native speaker, thank you for your understanding -- If you haven't found this review helpful or if you have found a mistake please leave a comment below -Ratingbetween Good Game and Must Play- Key features below ---- Review after -----------------------------------------------Play time needed (perfect)6 hours and moreGaming levelfrom Casual to GamerAchievement levelCasualGame styleLearn; First Person Shooter (Spaceship)Game modesSoloMain featuresLearning new words in a 3D environment (nouns, adjectives, verbs)StoryNot really.VoiceThe voices are great to learn the words.MusicOnly one, muted after some hours.ControlsKeyboard and Mouse. (Controller?)TutorialYes, everything you need to know.Unmissable / backtracking contentYes.CustomizationYes, a little. (BONUS)Easter EggsThe cake is a lie !Download contents DLCYes, plenty of language packs. Price is more or less worthy.Glitches / bugsNot at all.Worth priceAround $5 for the game with a language pack- Review below ----------------------------------------------------------------------Influent is great to learn the basic to advanced vocabulary of a new language. In a 3D environment, a house, you freely interact with items to know their word, pronounciation and others. You can add them to your learning word-list whenever you want and in the order you want. When you are ready you can choose a page of 10 words to begin learning them. You can set up everything including pronounciation and word display. Then you need to find and click on the related item randomly chosen in the 10 word-list, the timer is also here to show you if you're good enough or not. The aim of the game is to master every word, 420 in total, including nouns, adjectives and verbs from items to child's items. The game also immerse you in the real enrvironment as your native's translation of each items is hidden but you can always see it in your word list by clicking on the red eye.When you start a game you choose the language you want to learn, so there is an independent save for each language and you can create several save for a same language I guess. Also for the asian languages you can choose to learn with PINYIN or ideogram, after the choice made you can't switch it in game so you need to make two game sessions."
,Not Recommended,274980,11414497,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Salt The Fries,"Influent is a relatively interesting style of ""game"" to aid in the building of vocabulary.  By associating what is familair with the foreign language, it speeds up the memorization of the new words.  By looking around and highlighting a given item, you can get the name for it in the requested language.  The learning is context based, so it helps bridge the gap that having the translation often leads in learning.Like most vocabulary programs/books/tapes, it is no substitute for a qualified teacher, but if you have one, then this makes an excellent supplement.Overall, I would reccomend this game to aid students of a foreign language, but I cannot reccomend any game that does not allow key remapping."
,Not Recommended,274980,10867046,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,yrko,"Sadly, only will help you build your vocabulary."
,Not Recommended,274980,9750880,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,YuMCHaA4ev3R,it just teaches you how to say certain items in another language. it doesnt teach you conversational skills. when i first saw it i bought it right away. i should of read the reviews first about it. ur better off using rosetta stone or some other language learning tool.
,Recommended,274980,26303967,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,PeaceAgent,Great game for learning new languages :)
,Recommended,274980,12363253,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Snot Bubbles,"Want to Learn a new language? Books are great, apps can help too. How bout an awesome game! An apartment full of everyday objects you can interact with makes learning easier than having to open books. Time Attack Mode gives you a word and you have to find the corresponding object. I Highly recommend In-fluent!"
,Not Recommended,274980,9586554,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,DisarmedSpy,"It's an okay learning software. Most of the items are duplicates though you can open drawers and doors and such, but no way to see the outside world. You're confined to an apartment and most words are ones you can easily learn on a site such asmemrise.com. Cheaper than Rosetta Stone and a lot more fun, however when you're confined to an apartment you can't learn much besides what's inside an apartment. Quite boring to be honest and while it may be great for a beginner learner, it's not as great for one who has spent time learning a lanauge and wish to use this to refine your language skills."
,Recommended,274980,9589440,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Eurythmic King,"Great help for learning languages.It doesn't teach sentence structure, but it's great for vocabulary."
,Recommended,274980,9601280,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Domo Kun,"This is strictly volcab learning. There is no grammar learning at all, so you're not really learning a langauge. Just giving peeps a heads up."
,Recommended,274980,9591320,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,BlankAlpha,"Influent is good entrant into a market that needs improvement!This game is a great tool to learn vocabulary in different languages, and can be utilized to supplement existing courses and classes. The game play is simple and reptetitve but provides a good take on learning vocabulary that is different from conventional methods.This game could use some improvement (ie, leaving the apartment, ways to utilize the tool as a teacher, allowing verbs and adjectives in the Vocab lists that can be associated to objects, etc etc).With all that being said, as a English Language Teacher and Tutor in China, this has been a productive tool with my students in both settings. And I would recommend this tool to others looking to pick up some vocabulary in a target language."
,Recommended,274980,9615161,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,PurpleFyrus,"This game is really helpful seeing as it allows you to come home and rather than waste your time playing games that have no intrinsic value afterwards, you can play this game. Mess around and find out how to say words you never knew. Great for language starters and folks who dont want to start a language class just yet. You can learn up to about 400 words per language so basically its like taking the first class of the language minus the grammar. Good review as well"
76561198046542197,Not Recommended,274980,21836882,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,SpookyEzra,"I got the Japanese version because I'm interested in eventually learning Japanese (but I'm switching my attention to gaining fluency in Irish) but this game is really not helpful at all. It's a great idea, but I feel that they spent too much time developing limited gameplay/learning in too many languages. You walk around a house and learn some vocabulary for words, but absolutely nothing more. No grammar, no sentence structure, no cultural context. You don't learn a language that way. I'm disappointed because I wanted so much more out of the game; playing a game that helps you learn a language is a GREAT idea. However, this is just not exceuted well. Save the $9.99 and buy a beginner phrase book to get started instead."
76561198085800429,Recommended,274980,9698723,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,SoulMaster,"Good game for beginners at the certain language, but i wouldn't suggest getting it for challenging words. The words are very simple, so only get it if you are starting out the language, or need some help with it."
76561198179602021,Not Recommended,274980,15163605,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,thefrugaldougal,"The game is less of a game and more of an exploration of the interior of your house.  I would have been just as happy with horrible graphics and more content, even more so a story mode of sorts that requires you to learn the language as you progress.  For example, The character could be a foreign exchange student that learns the basics of the language by living with a friend that slowly teaches you words of utility.  Then the game could expand to situations like love, getting a job, and becoming closer with the people that the character lives with.As it stands, its just a fancy♥♥♥♥♥dictionary that doesn't create a desire to learn anything."
,Not Recommended,274980,9637601,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,twitch.tv/ReconOcelot,"Could be good eventually... Aside from the audio, I don't really see how this is supposed to be any more effective than reading a translation book."
76561197991709440,Recommended,274980,10911969,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,BigWillis,"I highly recommend this to anyone learning languages. I'm currently learning French and this has by far been the best method to have the vocab sink in. However, be aware that this is only vocab, don't expect to go in and finish up speaking the language.The vocab to learn is spot on though, a great list of every day objects, adjectives and even verbs. For the price you honestly could not ask for better. If I had this in back in Secondary School my marks would have been the tops. I hope to see further updates and more content, I'd be happy to pay more for an expansion.Le jeu c'est bonne!"
76561197991717166,Recommended,274980,9601414,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,haytkir,"The game is simple but fun. You walk around a room and double click objects to see what they are called in the language you are learning. Add these words to a list and when you have 10, you can test yourself on them. From there you build more lists and earn stars for mastering words that are used to unlock more complicated words such as adjectives and verbs.The Chinese that is being taught is the mainland Beijing accent with simplified characters. Both Chinese and Japanese have the ability to switch to their English phonetic variants respectively (pinyin/romaji). However, if you already know some Chinese characters, kanji, hiragana and katakana the game is helpful in reinforcing those areas as well as teaching new characters. As far as I can tell there is nothing in the game that reinforces your ability to write the characters, but the game will definitely help you learn how to read and recognize hanzi (汉字) and kanji (漢字)."
,Recommended,274980,10265936,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,The Great Passage,This is a fun and good way to learn languages
,Recommended,274980,9681237,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Jackdaw,This. Is. So. Cool. Only ten minutes in and I already know I don't regret my purchase. Time to start learning a bit of conversational French!Here's to hoping they'll do Russian soon :P
76561197998959759,Recommended,274980,10774212,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ZenMonkey,"(This is based on the Spanish version.) This game is a bit of a misnomer; it is not a language-learning game but a vocabulary-learning game. In that respect it's a great tool to supplement actual language learning. In fact it goes really well with Duolingo, which is much stronger on grammar but weak on a lot of very basic, everyday vocabulary that is present here. It's also a little bit less of a game than a gamified study tool, because how well you do really depends on how much you put into it. If you just fly through the time attacks and gather up words, your retention won't be that good. If you have the patience to limit yourself to, say, 20 words per session, 10 nouns and 10 verbs/adjectives, and replay the Time Attacks with various options on and off, it's a great way to learn the vocabulary in a visual context."
,Recommended,274980,9648069,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Henrique,"The game has a great potential and I like the idea of a real immersive learning method. Its a good resource and wonderful tool that can be perfectly combined with a common way of studying languages.I just feel that it is in a early stage yet and I hope after some years, with more investments and a big company supporting the project you can make it more useful and funny to play.Sorry about my English. XD頑張ってね"
76561198008216445,Recommended,274980,9681965,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Moth,"This is a great game and a great concept, but with limited applications.  I'm a few hours into two languages with which I'm pretty familiar, for context.  It's essentially a creative and fun way to practice vocabulary.  If you're a beginner, or want to brush up on your household vocab this is great, but don't expect more than that.  The aesthetic is great, the music is nice, the controls are mostly good.  The ""fly-by"" mode could be a bit easier to control.  I find myself spending more energy trying to control the plane than remembering the words, but then if you don't want that the regular time-attack mode suffices.  I have found a number of places where the controls give me trouble clicking on smaller objects (ie: answer is ""wrench"" but I fail time after time because the mouse selects the toolbox instead)On the language side of things, this game is wonderful.  The fact that it keeps the lists, keeps track of your answers, and has a randomize function is amazing.  Additionally, it does non-roman scripts very well.  Japanese is presented in 3 options (Kanji, Kana, or Romaji) and there are multiple options for Chinese and Russian as well for those starting off on vocabulary, but who haven't mastered the related scripts quite yet.  I'm 50/50 on the issue of articles.  The game DOES have them.  When you select a word and bring up its details the gender is listed underneath the word.  But those pronouns (el/la, der/die/das, etc...) are not in the spoken notes, so you have to remind yourself of them on your own.  (ie: the audio is ""Computer"", but the text is ""Computer - [Masc]"").  Those spoken demonstrations of vocabulary have been in my experience mostly good, but ocassionally not of the best quality.All in all, well done.  I hope this game develops further in the future.  That front door is just begging for me to master x number of words and be allowed through it and out into the big wide world full of fun vocab to practice."
,Not Recommended,274980,15456872,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,EmmaDuckington,You're confined to your apartment. Only good for learning vocabulary and how to pronounce things than to really learn a new language.
76561198051789194,Recommended,274980,10015413,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Red Viper,"Is a good game I have learn lots from it! If you want to learn about 400+ nouns, a few verbs, and some adjectives in German, French and Other languages this is the game. It makes learning a language a fast and easy process."
76561198088173410,Recommended,274980,10594590,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,RockLobster,This is a great software for beginners like myself. I bought the French version and was learning new words just by clicking and interacting with items in game. Not before long I was able to walk around my own house and start naming things off.I hope Influent has expansions for new in-game areas as this is a very fun and effective way to learn new words!
,Not Recommended,274980,9625105,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Oken,Only english and japanese supported? For a software who is supposed to teach you languages that's ridiculous.
,Recommended,274980,9649064,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Michael T Moreno,Such an amazing learning tool. I have only played for about 30mins and I am having so much fun learning... and Im actually learning! :)
,Recommended,274980,9661946,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Widmo,im only using this to cheat for my spanish class so yeah i guess it's alright
,Recommended,274980,11073693,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,GerrantNV,"Yes I will give a good recommendation for this game. Alot of people are being harsh with it, but are ultimately misunderstanding it's true intention. Will it teach you the languauge of your choosing? NO, it will not. But if you come with atleast some basic knowledge it WILL teach you a TON of new basic words and their correct spelling. It will also help with reading and pronunciation as well. For 7 bucks it was definitely a good buy. Don't expect too much from it. It's a fun little supplement to have for your new favorite language."
,Not Recommended,274980,9622934,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,rolaids,"So yeah, i bought the game and i like it and all but now i am locked out of it becuase it is asking me for a code the authenticate my purchase, i bought it through steam and i was not sent a code so i cant use it, if you know how to fix it please tell me."
,Recommended,274980,9644328,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,TripleFire,"This game is a great fun way to practice your vocabulary.  As far as i can tell, though, this does not teach any form of grammer or alphatbet, so if you really want to be able to speak you'll need to couple this with other techniques."
76561198091199502,Recommended,274980,9901229,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,lilhater27,"This is such an amazing game for learning japanese.I struggle with learning vocab because I don't usually like the repetative nature.However, Influent makes the task surprisingly enjoyable.You have the option of using romanji, katakana and hirigana or kanji.I've been playing the game with hirigana but once I know the words better I want to use the kanji option to learn the kanji.You can also test yourself using only the written word or the spoken word.I plan on using only the written word once I'm comfortable with the kanji to focus on the characters.The adjectives and verbs are also surprisingly relevant.There is a good choice of words that I would have otherwise not learnt.I hope theres a sequel... maybe one down a road so that you can learn all the buildings etc..."
,Recommended,274980,9679929,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,WireWolf,"I like it its very intuitive Learning tool and is actually very fun, in my opinion learning more than 20 words and using them is a very good way of keeping remembered i Highly recommend for those wanting to learn another language quickly."
76561198102451978,Recommended,274980,9689980,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Namonaki,"It may take some time to get used to it but the game certainly is useful c: I got the Japanese as my base and was greeted with walls of text toutorials from a little robot. After going through that you get to wander around the house (and veeeery small apartment with only 4 rooms and no hallways). Its very straight farward and easy to understand, but it will still take quite a bit of time and practice to learn any new languages. Though these means offer a more fun solution to that problem c: I definately recommend."
76561197970384883,Recommended,274980,9998122,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,FHDA,89% great for learning to understand a langwitsh
,Not Recommended,274980,23778407,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,sir loins,"I was well aware that this is simply a vocabulary building game.  I was fine with that because I'm taking a Japanese course currently so I thought it would be a good way to study words I wanted to.  My first problem is the vocabulary lists, which you can only have 10 words per list. It would have been really nice if I could create my own lists and quiz myself on chunks of words that I choose.  I was trying to make my own lists but I ended up clicking on a word I didn't want to add yet, and then realised I couldn't remove it after.  What's even worse about all that is that I didn't ""learn"" the word so everytime it came up again in the quiz part I had no clue what it was.  (I only had the hiragana on, since using romanji as a crutch makes it harder to learn to read the language.)I was also really disappointed in the amount of words and the words chosen for the game.  (As someone mentioned, there are a lot of borrowed words that are in katakana, so they're pretty obvious.)  The fact that I also had to earn stars to unlock the other words of adjectives and verbs for an item seemed really weird and inhibited my learning.ALSO there were WAY TOO MANY BOOKS.  There were multiple books in pretty much every room, but there was only one pen in one spot and it's so small that I clicked the desk and got it wrong. :/  If you're going to have dulplicates of the objects, have dulplicates of many other items, not just a lot of one.Honestly, I made flashcards in real life with the hiragana on them and stuck them on the objects in my house.  It's basically the concept of the game, but when ever I'm using the objects in my life I see the card and say the name in Japanese.  If they had more than just the little condo, like going to a school, or restaurant, etc. the game would be more worthwhile, but I think I'll stick with studying around my house.It's a cute idea, I just don't think it was well executed."
76561198095218733,Not Recommended,274980,11112027,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Dryyab,"Simply put it is a 400 something words vocabulary sheet in an interactive ""environment"". You are stuck in an apartment and surrounded by words. If you want this to help you learn how to speak in a given language, well look elsewhere this ""game"" is nearly useless if you don't already have an understanding of the given language."
,Recommended,274980,9729398,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Knud den Store,"Charming, and educational. Perfect for anyone with an interest in learning a second or even a third language."
,Recommended,274980,9742451,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,アバクロムビー,"kore wa geemu ni sugoi desu yo, or not in severely broken japanese this game is the motha♥♥♥♥en bomb.Think of it like learning a language just like you did when you were an idiot child, forced into a house you cannot leave having things and objects, ideas crammed into your face until they god damned well stuck there.You'll be well versed in everything you'd need to start your life as a NEET in the bowels of tokyo as you learn all about how to list literally everything in some weeaboos house.Granted I only have the Japanese version, but I will give this game kawaii/10"
76561198006550721,Recommended,274980,9576249,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,BIRD UP!,"This is amazing for vocabulary! I was able to easily pick up and retaina few words and point out objects around my own house in my own house much to the amusement of my wife (a native Japanese speaker). There needs to be more language programs on steam, especially ones that look good and are enojoyable."
76561198289661031,Recommended,274980,23143187,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Owl,"i've only played the game for a short while but i already know i'm gonna love this. i'd recommend this to any beginner like me. if you are already a bit proficient in your chosen language, then this might be less useful for you."
76561198069159152,Recommended,274980,31212837,Posted: 17 April,all,wrb41977,"This game is a fun little thing. It is great if you wish to learn what objects are in a different language. So it can suppliment other language-learning tools. Rather simple if you get into a rhythm. That said, you will need to use other methods to learn things like sentence structure and the like.I also managed to acquire this game on discount, because when I bought it the Japanese pack was on sale. And for some reason, it dropped the main game to the price of the discounted expansion/dlc."
,Recommended,274980,20463951,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Snow Wuff,"pretty useful, especially since i'm taking a japanese class, but i'd love to see a Learn Gaelic DLC on here!"
,Recommended,274980,12519477,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,StephanieTsunami,"I plan on doing a video review on this game on my YouTube channel, StephanieTsunami. Check it out if you’d rather hear this review than read it!Formal Review:Influent is an original, language-learning, interactive game. With the ability to learn words at your own leisure, mix and match words to create your OWN vocab quiz, and a large selection of words to get to know as if they were your native language makes this game outstanding. ""Influent was originally developed as part of a research project at the Entertainment Computing Laboratory at the University of Tsukuba in Japan ... Influent successfully passed Steam Greenlight in January 2014, following the full release on March 20, 2014 on the Steam Store and Humble Store."" The fact that this game has not been released a full year is surprising, yet evident. With a full release, many updates would have been made if there weren’t financial issues. With $28,086 out of the pledged $12,000 goal set on Kickstarter, $2000 was appointed to a Unity Pro license, and $500 for the shipping, shirts, and other fun items for the backers; although, some of the prices were updated. These would be the $1500 plan to go mobile, the $8000 dedicated to publishing the game, and $1500 was put toward a better computer to create a game masterpiece. Two people paired together in Japan to create a Kickstarter that placed a game on the market. The game has only been updated on Steam three times since the official release. These updates included (but are not limited to) fixing minor errors such as audio pronunciations, German and French words, volume levels, Vocab list major malfunctions, and improved texture in 1.3, German Language Pack mistakes, lag, windowed mode, and text errors in 1.4, and finally text and GUI element errors in 1.5. These updates do not include the rush to add more languages - currently there are 12 Language Packs for sale.Personal Review:The love I feel for this game in the past week is exceptionally strong. Personally, I have trouble remembering things such as object names, and to be able to run through a list as many times as I need is blissful. The idea of circling around your character’s apartment-like home and collecting the names of items that may include synonyms, verbs, and adjectives is clever and just what I’ve been looking for in my life. Influent plus a little more studying on articles, conjunctions, prepositions, and other grammar mechanics of the desired language for (at least) $10 versus $500 for a normally-priced Rosetta Stone Software for 5 users… I think Influent wins. Regarding the accuracy of the languages, I have yet to test it out against my German or Russian or Korean friends (no offence to any translator but it’s a necessity). Last but not least, graphics. I’m a graphics junkie, but the fact that this game is so simple-themed revert the player’s mind to focus on the learning, not the mechanics, graphics, or errors of the game.Note to the Creator:I understand that it’s been less than a year and there’s still a lot of progress to be made, but I would like to offer some ideas. There could be a separate “scene” or “level” the character could play on. Once the player succeeds in mastering the 420 words of the apartment home, there could be another level, as in a park setting, a city setting, or an office/school setting. These levels could even be more of mini-maps if necessary! At the end of each level, the player must pass “The Official Vocab Test” in order to proceed. Once all stages are complete, there could be a lesson on grammar mechanics, sentence parts, conjunctions, and spelling. Have you thought of introducing this to schools? Middle school/junior high foreign language classes would be absolutely thrilled to find a class assistant like this. That brings me back to “Leveling Up”. In a regular foreign language class, a student must first learn the basics – objects, which is majority of what Influent provides. The next step in class is verbs and adjectives – many of which are provided by Influent. The typical class ends with articles and phrases – this is where Influent is lacking. That’s why I think it would be best for middle school/junior high students. If there was a difficulty setting in the game, I would recommend it to high school students, but the game in its current state is too young, too simple, and lacking content. I think the age suggestion would be 10-15 years old. There is a lot of potential in this game and I don’t want to see it fail. I can’t really back this game financially, but I can certainly back it by suggesting it to many teachers and friends.Thank you so much for reading this – if you did – and let's watch this game grow into something bigger!"
,Not Recommended,274980,11369029,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Kerjack,"Less helpful than flash cards. Only gives you the the name of the object in the langauge you are trying to learn, not in your native langauge too. Lots of issues.Really, this seems like something a student could whip up over a weekend/money grab vs any sort of serious attempt to aid learning."
76561198114202956,Not Recommended,274980,26412001,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,mirrorsofthepast,I was disappointed. I really thought this game would teach me basic conversation skills and it's more of a point and click while hearing a computerized sounding voice say words kinda deal. I guess its good for someone who can already communicate and wants to touch up on their vocab?
,Not Recommended,274980,9743960,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Exarch,"A great idea in principle, the restriction to nouns alone proves its undoing. This isn't language learning, but vocabulary only."
,Recommended,274980,20046659,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Jaden Morretti,"Highly recommended for those wanting to learn a new language, especially those who have recently moved to a new country or travel a lot!I bought the game a few months ago, I came across it by accident when I was searching for language games. I've tried various programs and sites in the past, but they either didn't have the option for Finnish or they just didn't help me progress at my speed. I'm really happy that I found this game, even things like reading signs or labels in shops when I visit Finland has been so much easier. (So far I've 310 words in!)To give you a general idea of the game: you play as a guy who walks around his apartment and he introduces you to items in the language you're learning. You hit the spacebar to remember the word, and every ten words you get a little quiz where the word appears on screen and you find it. It's very much a game which goes at your pace: you select the words and you decide when to test yourself. There's no grammar, just nouns, adjectives and verbs to help you first get to grips with the language.The quiz can also be tailored to fit you. Something which I found out about myself when I was playing this was how often I relied on seeing the word for the item that I needed to find. So, I decided to change that and see if I can do it without any visual help, and just by hearing the words. That much harder to do and the options for the quizzes really help you become familiar with the language. Once you're familiar with a word, you receive a gold star next to it. If you're struggling with a specific item, the game will make a mark next to it, informing you that it's one that you may need to revise.I've also bought this game, as well as the English and German language packs, for my friend's kid as she's learning those in school.I would love to see the developers expand further with the game, perhaps having the character walk around an office, or a shop. That would be really useful!"
,Not Recommended,274980,24004413,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Finn Mertens,"Incredibly incompetent developer.Save games are saved to the registry, so you lose everything if you are in need of reinstalling your OS with no way of backing up (At least not mentioned by the developer anywhere)"
,Not Recommended,274980,10609578,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Lucrekath,Boring
,Recommended,274980,13605508,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,anotherjoeyclaire,"After playing this game for half an hour I am confident I am ready for japan.After learning the very complex word for cookie (which incidentally is said exactly like it is in english) I feel like a master.Now if I am ever in a conversation with someone in japanese and they say ""cookie"" I will not be completely and absolutly thrown off by it.10/10 cookie cookie desu desu uguuu uguu"
76561198152910017,Not Recommended,274980,30924464,Posted: 3 April,all,marijuanaVIVI,"waste of money,just to learn a few words , not actual talking"
,Recommended,274980,9579598,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,thegevin,"Very simple words. I'm at only 50 words in Spanish. I've been playing with both text & audio, for the most part. I find myself going over the same list several times before very often doing (many) random time trials, to test my memory. This is fun & I feel like I'm really making some progress. I'm eager to learn more. Most of the words learned are for simple everyday household items, and the game could probably do with an update at some point to expand a new location with new words, but ""everyday words"" are basically the best words (in my opinion) for a beginner to be starting at.Anyways, yeah, I reccommend this."
76561198089483399,Not Recommended,274980,14467051,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,The Potato Wizard,"The thought that this game would teach Spanish was astounding to me before I had spent my $10 on it. Although learning 420 common words used within a home (more specifically an apartment in which you are locked inside), this game fails to teach how to connect the words into sentences, how to conjugate and literally locks you inside  one room to have you learn only nouns, Verbs and Adjectives. This game is great for High School students for about a quarter of a Semester: when they are just learning the words.  Adding an Air plane to help you explode into the objects in the room sure does bring a twist to the game though, as it is the only feature that brings action in the game. If Developers were to open this game up to the Steam Community for Map ideas, I am positive that the community would help in making sure the learning experience is not in the small space that it currently is in. Researching and adding new languages is great, only that with each new language the players has to go through the same monotonous room to find 420 words. As unique as it is, the game needs more originality, some action to keep the players interested in the game while teaching languages /fluently/. The idea of such a game is amazing, but it just needs more work before it could reach the full potential."
76561198058598080,Not Recommended,274980,9620550,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,AcemanCooky,What even is this?!?! O.o Cool I get to know how to say somethings that make no sense to daily life? Get it if you want its ok to learn new things but it should be sold for 4.99 for english? then the DLC (other languages) for 1.99 kind of a rip off to buy everyone for 10$ just saying you're better off with google translate xD thats saying something
,Not Recommended,274980,9613612,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,UpskirtHero,Not what I was hoping for
76561198040519010,Recommended,274980,20495866,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Blooz,"Overall I enjoy this ""game"", I feel as though it is a fun interactive way to learn around 400 words in another language. Don't get it if you are expecting to learn how to speak a language, this is mainly a tool to help build your vocabulary. In no way does this teach you any grammar rules or how to put together sentences.One thing that I did appreciate was that, (for at least the Spanish version), it gave you the option to choose a synonym for the translation of the chosen term rather than the one the game uses by default, this was helpful because certain terms I had already known by other translations.I bought the game on sale for $2, and I feel like I've got enough out of it for that price. I don't think I would have purchased it for its original price-point of $10 though.There are alternative free options out there for learning languages, such as Duolingo. But I enjoyed the fact that this provided a 3D rendering of an apartment and had you move around finding the objects in a quiz-like manner. Actually seeing and searching for the items on a 3-dimensional plane helped me remember certain terms better than just using notecards or an alternate method."
,Recommended,274980,20934462,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Yakuwari,"I wouldn't necessarily call it a ""language learning game"" but rather a ""vocabulary learning game"".The game is actually good at what it does! It's a fun and easy way to learn vocab which is a nice addition if you are learning a language. The more words you know the more ways you have making up sentences with the knowledge aquired beforehand. It is pretty much as effective as using spaced repetition programs such as Anki, except that it costs something. Yet, I do recommend the game because you don't get to study like this everday. Do wait for a sale though, 10€ is quite a bit."
76561198134144088,Recommended,274980,20276138,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,DatBoiJames 傑姆斯戰士,"Influent puts you in a sort of small apartment space and you are able to move around using the standard gaming movement keys which are W, A, S, D and you can rotate your view by holding the right mouse button. I love that this game offers you the chance to learn SWEDISH (My mother-language) want proof? try pronouncing the swedish word ""Kanelbulle"" as an non-swedish native-born. Got it right? in case you didn't its : Kan-el-bu-lle , sorry about that xD if you're wondering what ""Kanel"" means in english it's actually : Cinnamon and ""Bulle"" means ""bun"". So ""Kanelbulle"" actually means ""Cinnamon Bun"" in english. Anyways...moving on...i bought the Chinese version of Influent and also later bought the Norwegian language DLC because who doesn't love (some) Norwegian words that just sounds so funny like ""Gulrot"" which pretty similiarly in swedish translates to Morot or in english : Carrot. I bought this game because i wanted to learn chinese as my 2nd language of choice but in this game you can just learn (some) words in the available languages and not entire sentences. This game is 10/10 if you want to learn quick and sometimes difficult (words) but then again no sentences. My rating for this game you wonder? that would a 9/10 because it offers no sentences- 詹姆斯"
,Recommended,274980,28731455,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Jesco,Interesting concept. But very boring.
,Not Recommended,274980,11615439,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Phileksa,"I was so excited about getting this.  I thought maybe it would help me.So I start it up and it runs fine the first day.  I thought, ""Hey!  Great!  I'll be able to finally get some basic stuff down!""Of course, you can't just learn by doing it one day.  So I come back today, and it makes me wait close to a minute before it recognizes that I clicked on something.  Then it follows up with ""Wrong!"" ""Wrong!"" ""Wrong!"" ""Wrong!"" ""Wrong!"" ""Wrong!"" ""Wrong!"" ""Wrong!"" ""Wrong!"" ""Wrong!"" ""Wrong!"" ""Wrong!"" ""Wrong!"" ""Wrong!"" ""Wrong!"" ""Wrong!"" because, you know, you click when something is obviously broken to see if you can get anything out of it.  Then it said, ""You're not learning anything!""Well, of course not!  How can I?  You're not responding to diddly!Can't recommend a program that quits working two days after you buy it.  Sorry."
76561198053438603,Not Recommended,274980,26450714,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,southpawami,"Neat, fun, but low on efficiency compared to other language study options."
,Not Recommended,274980,18112030,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Shanice,"Now don't misunderstand, it's not that I dislike this game, but after several hours of playing it, I felt it was misleading. This is not something that helps to learn a language as such, but more just vocabulary, and only what can be found in a home.I was hoping for something closer to an actual (if simple) language teacher with a little fun thrown in. My standards weren't very high, but I had expected at least basic sentence structure and grammar to be covered. It does not 'primarily' focus on vocabulary, it ONLY focuses on vocabulary. I suppose it is more fun than flash cards, but it is the exact same thing. It is better to buy a tourist guide to basic language for your $10, unless you have the extra money to burn on 3D flashcards.The airplane minigame is fun and the graphics are cute in a shabby/kickstarted kind of way, but the controls are difficult. I spent my money before reading the reviews, so I'll get all I can out of the game, but I don't think you should buy this."
76561198047205919,Recommended,274980,17509257,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Noodle del Siglo,"This game is great for practicing and learning new vocabulary for languages.Expect an interactive flash card game experience in 3D. This is not a game for someone trying to learn the language, but rather someone that is already in the process, and is using this to increase or practice their word comprehesion/vocabulary."
,Not Recommended,274980,15863453,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Mount C,"If you want to buy this to learn a new language, don't. Starting off, I expected to learn basic words such as ""Hello"", ""Goodbye"", ""Yes"", ""No"", etc., but nope! You just go around a room learning the word for things that you see everyday."
,Recommended,274980,9715972,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,olvidalo,"Please do not think of this as a game, as much as a tool for understanding the language of your choice. Understanding I bought this only yesterday, I do think I have made some progress in Japanese. There is a great deal to get used to by way of controls. The mouse often will select an item I did not intend, and I find I must left-click harder than normal sometimes to get any response. When I do that, the game usually perceives this as if I had selected this item twice, a complication during tests. The biggest issue with me is that whatever vocabulary mastery I gain, and in the case of Japanese, also mastery of the Japanese character, this does not appear to be something to test by putting into sentences and conversation. Then again, it's only $9.99, so I'd say not all bad. With this in mind, I offer a mixed recommendation, for those who would like to use this as a fairly serious stepping stone toward understanding a new language."
,Recommended,274980,9599085,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,enSo,This is the best way to learn a language. It's truly efficient and makes everything really easy! Buy it!
,Recommended,274980,15546978,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,[BR] Aoji Cresini,"Influent method of teaching a new language:lock someone in a small apartament and make the person look every corner of said place and hear a strange voice say the name of an object in another language.10/10would lock my self and learn germanjokes aside, this is not a complete course, i recommend that you buy a book about the language you are interested (in my case, german) and use Influent as a way to learn pronounce and grammar along the book you choose"
76561198333672158,Recommended,274980,29617190,Posted: 31 January,all,Infectzione,"I've always found grammar interesting, but for some odd reason I could never be bothered to learn new words. Of course, without vocabulary one can't practice grammar. If you think that you are incapable of learning a language, I can assure you that if you can memorize at-least a set or two, you'll be well on your way. This won't teach you the whole language as it mainly focuses on vocabulary, but you can find plenty of grammar books online."
,Recommended,274980,12659245,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,SoSmooz,"This game won't magically make you fluent, but it is a great supplemental resource if you are learning a language. It's a handy tool that allows you to evaluate and build your vocabulary. The act of having to recognize a word and then searching for the item in the apartment is a great association exercise."
,Recommended,274980,29631976,Posted: 1 February,all,Chonto,Hilarious and educational.
,Recommended,274980,17610902,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Rvzy,太好了。
,Recommended,274980,20493685,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Cap,Ukrainian and Serbian language required
76561197999057238,Recommended,274980,23288682,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,LordSutter,Fun way to expand your vocab in your taget language.I played through in the French version and had a great time making my way through the words.One of the few games I've felt compelling to 100%Would LOVE another location and more words!
76561198087697892,Recommended,274980,30917035,Posted: 2 April,all,shadycen,"I hope I can get out the front door of my home so I can learn more words.any way ,it is a fun way too learn a new language"
,Recommended,274980,31072558,Posted: 10 April,all,Alice®,"interesting games, only complain is the item doesnt register correctly when click on it. overall muy bien y mucho gusto!!!"
,Not Recommended,274980,29600318,Posted: 30 January,all,Matutinus,"The game makes me feel dizzy. I am not saying this is a bad way to learn languages, but it's just not for me"
,Not Recommended,274980,32926240,Posted: 28 June,all,智武,"There are too few vocab words in this game and it feels tiny considering you're stuck in that one apartment. If you could explore a convenience store or go to work and explore an office for example, that would be great. However, I highly doubt they'll ever add this to the game. They seem intent on only adding new languages to the base concept rather than adding more locations. If you're past the beginning stages of learning a language (say 1 semester of whatever language), you most likely don't need this at all."
,Recommended,274980,12282956,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,SCWashu,"Purchased the Japanese DLC only, however I enjoy playing it off and on. I am still just on the vocabulary layer of it and I see that it will become more difficult as I play. I think this would be helpful as a reinforcement for people who are in language classes or using other language software."
76561198061244752,Recommended,274980,9700164,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,ITZ Dinetrik,Wow.... This game is amazing. I learned some basic spanish in 2 days. It is a nice alternative for basic language programs; plus it is fun.
,Recommended,274980,17976418,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Jonny5Fails,"This game accomplishes what it sets out to do, for the most part. I, however, purchased the Japanese version. Don't buy the Japanese version.Here's a simplified version of how the game works: Walk around a house and look at things. Learn how to read and speak these things. Increase your vocabulary for your language of choice. You'd be surprised just how many words you can learn by walking around an ordinary house pointing at things and saying ""What's that?""Here's the problem though; the house is the same in each language. So when you go into the Japanese version, for instance, and see...let's say a bed, you learn that a bed is called...a bed (technically bedo) in Japanese. So essentially you're just walking around a house learning how to pronounce things you already know with kana.Maybe further down the line they will release some DLC that provides a more personalized environment for each language; but as it stands, this is a big problem.Do I recommend it? Yes....if you are studying a language without many borrowed words/cognates. Don't get the Japanese version."
,Recommended,274980,19776000,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Shenzhen_Laowai,"Very effective start for a game but the price is way too hgh for the product.  The game is limited to indoor-only and the UI language options are still very limited.If you could leave your apartment and say, go to a market (numbers, money, simple conversations), that would be fantastic.This game really is a model for showing the potential of language-learning through first-person games, however, as a consumer be aware that this is not a complete product in that regard.  If the game were cheaper I would be more forgiving.  I do still recommend this game for people who have already begun learning this languages and want to test your knowledge of extremely practical vocabulary.TL;DRMassive potential, needs more maps to really be worth the price.  Even without NPCs, there is great potential for other levels.  Having NPCs would make this game shine."
76561197984329753,Recommended,274980,19295221,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Omni Consumer Capsule products,"Great language game. I hope it gets developed more to include social interaction in the future.The hardest part about anything is getting started. With this game, you can learn words to describe things in your immediate envirionment.Without social interaction, however, it's difficult to get beyond just naming items/objects/etc.You pretty much need to travel to the country of origin though, because as much as you learn, you won't be able to test your language skills or practice them even in a traditional classroom setting. But that's not the fault of this game."
76561198030014562,Recommended,274980,20061121,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Craig,"Does only one thing: teach you words. It will not help with grammar or anything, but for improving vocab, it's really good."
76561198006314675,Recommended,274980,9597393,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,🌜𝕵𝖆𝖉𝖊 𝕽𝖆𝖇𝖇𝖎𝖙🐇,"I give it props for naming studio ""Tre Flip""! XD"
,Not Recommended,274980,20532580,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Kana,"Only teaches you random words here and there, does absolutely nothing to teach you the grammatics, usage, pronounciation or alphabeth, which i was interested in learning.While word knowledge does help, the words picked for the japanese language one in particular are pretty poor choices.I really don't need this game to understand, for example, the words included in it(pronounce them): doa, doafreimu, supeakaa, keeboordo, monitaa, bokksu, eacon, telebi, matto, banana, video geimu, braindo, et.c.The teaching is also a very simple and awfully basic ""point at object"" which will do little to nothing to teach you the language. Where are the common useful phrases, like say, places of anatomy, ""can you guide me to X"", ""how much is the fish"" and ""is that a banana in your pocket or is your hovercraft just full of eels?""?Given that it's a simple memorization of random words, i really can't recommend it. You're better off learning japanese watching english subbed japanese television, and you'll probably pick up more words that way if you actively try. I can't imagine how on earth this could in any fashion teach you finnish either, considering the grammatics involved within."
76561198085425191,Recommended,274980,9751249,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,UpstartGod,"I really like this game.So far i'm learning Swedish and doing a little reminder course on Latin and French but I plan on getting other DLCs.Because of that, I can only speak for these 3 languages so if youre thinking of getting another, read a review which relates to that.This is a fun and inventive way to help you learn some vocab. I found it very easy to pick it up with this game. Its great for that.But...-It doesnt do much for grammar.-It doesnt explain alphabets (although you can pick it up)-It doesnt test your pronunciation.-Its limited in that you only have so many words in Andrew's small apartment.But the games fun.And it works.It teaches you a load of words in another language.So if thats all you want, I recommend you buy.If you want to converse in depth in a different language... yeah, maybe just buy Rosetta Stone instead."
76561197988088832,Recommended,274980,20955901,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,RyanAvx,"It's useful for learning and memorizing grammar. The time attack is particularly good for this, but as a language learning tool it's useless by itself. The best use of this software is alongside other learning tools.I can only recommend this as a tool for learning grammar and that's it, and at that, it's pretty good for the price, it covers the utmost basics but that's about it. Things like daily essentials and everyday items. I'd really like this to be expanded to include more items but it doesn't seem that will happen anytime soon.To sum up, get this if you're seriously studying a language and need something to help with grammar."
,Recommended,274980,9580531,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Demon,"First off, when I found this game I was traveling soon so finding it was great timing and I put it to immediate (but limited) use and that gave it an immediate place on my shelf so I'm bias.  Second of all I am a firm believer in everything can be better, so in that light...Number 1 complaint ... no conversational (or useful in a trip or daily routine with people) language taught here.  It would be as easy as using the phone to call someone and having a conversation. A person to talk to would be fine, it would be fairly simple to be able to teach simple (and useful) phrases such as where is the restroom or where can we catch a cab, or what time do you want to meet or counting or anything you talk to someone about and not just a vocab list of items around ones home.In a language game not learning the word for ""Hello"" I find it's uses very limited I find this to be a huge flaw and it almost keeps me from giving this game a thumbs up.Number 2 complaint ... there is a cat ... but as of yet no dog to be found. (there are a couple other instances of this that kind of bug me; water - no fire. lighter, ash tray, matches, - no cigarettes, tobacco pipe, weed, crack, or anything smokable)Number 3 ... things can be hard to select, I will have a pen for instance firmly in my sight and when in FPS mode the cross hairs are directly on it and when I zoom in it zooms in directly on the pen ... I click and I am wrong I can only suppose I clicked the desk its on.that’s really my only major beef.  The other complaints I've read I can completely agree with is that it is VERY small 3 rooms and a bathroom. The main thing is that there is little to no conversational language to learn here which kind of saddens me, area's and idea's need to be able to be taught such as restroom.  I liked the idea I read in one review about adding people to talk to for conversatinoal learning and I think that would be perfect!But I really do love this game, I found myself fist pumping completed vocab lists, talking along as I walked around looking for what it was I needed to select, and countless other symptoms that would suggest I was getting into the game.  IDK if its better than Rosetta Stone, I've never tried it but I would still like too.  However at this price point and enjoyablility this is definitely a tool and a fun game.  I wouldn't recommend it as just a game or just using it to learn a language, but as a supplement to make learning fun I would give it 5/5."
,Recommended,274980,12855345,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,DangoPirate,"I definitely recommend this for beginners. It's not full of grammar lessons or anything, but vocab. It's cool because you can discover words and memorize them by having to find them instead of typing everything out, filling in blanks, clicking a mouse. It's still clicking a mouse, but it tests your memory skill. I usually use the random vocab list option so I really have to run around. I don't really get the controls for the toy jet, but besides that, it's a cool concept. You can challenge yourself by changing the lesson settings (voice, vocab words, hints). Before this program, I used (and still use) Memrise, Duolingo, and Livemocha, but this is pretty cool compared to those less-interactive sources.One thing though. I practiced kana way before I even knew this game existed, so it'd be a little challenging for complete beginners. I suggest using Kana Invaders (a web app similar to Galaga, but with spelling kana). Also, if you want to practice typing kana, add hiragana and katakana to your platform/device's keyboard. It sounds like a roundabout way, but I'd be lying if I encouraged others to play the Japanese version and say it's pretty easy. It wouldn't be so easy for me if I didn't know how to read it before buying it. I don't know kanji that well, which is okay because you can switch the way you can read the vocab.The controls are a little complicated with navigation and clicking on stuff in FP, but it's fine as long as you take your time. I always play in third person to avoid giving myself a seizure from the camera sensitivity in FP. That's pretty much it."
,Recommended,274980,9767467,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,cutandbrused,learn latin
,Recommended,274980,9776490,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Yokelbloke,"While I wouldn't recommend it as the solo way to learn a language from scratch, it's a fantastic way to expand your vocabulary!"
,Not Recommended,274980,12305523,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Ryk,"This does not even make the mistake where the student is only taught basic phrases like ""Hello"" and ""How are you"". No, this goes a step further and only teaches you basic words, such as ""cup"", ""computer"" and ""table"". If you actually want to learn more than what you can call various objects in your room, look elsewhere."
76561197970409239,Recommended,274980,12389470,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,MistaLee,"Really well done.  My only two issues:1) I must have missed the tutorial moment where they tell you to double click on objects when you're trying to complete a list.  Was really stuck for a while trying to figure out how time attacks worked when I couldn't get it to register what I was clicking.2) Still can't figure out how to add another language option.  I want to try French now, in addition to spanish.  The interface in Steam tells me I've already ""bought this"" generally, and I can't find a way inside the game to try and add a second language.  Haha, I'm just trying to give you guys more money :)Overall though, great ""game"", really polished and I definitely recommend it to people."
,Not Recommended,274980,12946239,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,gamectl,Not enough content. Disappointing
,Not Recommended,274980,26470334,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Sirius4srs,"Even on sale it was a complete waste of money. Like other reveiwers have said, it's basically a simple flashcard game by clicking on objects. No really difficult or obscure words, either-- not in the languages I already have some knowledge of, anyway.I got this despite the bad reviews because I saw a discussion on the forums about what they were going to add next-- because the tiny apartment is VERY limiting. If I was able to explore a bigger and more diverse world, I would actually probably give this game a solid rating and wouldn't have asked for a refund. -- Anyway, when I was really underwhelmed by the content currently available, I went back to that forum post to see if they were going to add anything new any time soon --- and realised the discussion had happened several years ago. They probably aren't going to add anything else.If you want to practice a language (after getting basic skills from pretty much ANYTHING ELSE), a good way to practice languages is use those language options in your game. A lot of games on Steam have quite a few language compatabilities-- will full audio and subtitles oftentimes. It'll tell you generally what it supports on a game's store page.But no, for real, to keep up with my Italian, I just play games in Italian. All the Bioshock games have a REALLY solid Italian language version-- with proper colloquialisms and everything! The Metro games have a really solid Russian language option. Anyway, just keep an eye out. Most BIG titles will have some language options-- and ones developed not in a primarily English speaking place usually have the options of those areas. The Talos Principle for example has a LOT of slavic language options, most notably to me, Croatian. <3 But yeah, basic knowledge (be at least conversational, I guess?) is required to be able to practice well with it. But there are a lot of ways to do that. -- And those ways would NOT be by playing this game. It does not prepare you for anything except knowing what a few houshold objects are called. I would recommend podcasts, youtube, finding friends who want to learn english and you want to learn their language and just talking back and forth, etc."
76561197992707493,Recommended,274980,9600957,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Tifrobond,this is great i master site and sound or 40 words in less then 2 hrs and personaly cna remember roughly half on hearing them recomend this software to anyone willing to use currently using Japaness plan on buying a few more
,Not Recommended,274980,28052328,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Mooi Jongen,"Game isn't going anywhere anytime soon. If the language you were expexting isnt in the game already, you might as well just make your own flashcards. Chances are it wont ever be added, even if promised by devs."
76561198000315168,Recommended,274980,18235173,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Mind Reaver,"Let's see...Not a language learning app. More like a vocabulary learning app.If this app is sponsored by the Japanese ministry of education, then it explains why japanese people suck at learning foreign languages.So... based on the store's page of the game ""Influent is a Language Learning Game focusing primarily on vocabulary acquisition and pronunciation "".The good:It's a good way to learn vocabulary especially for kinesthetic learners, but that only works for vocabulary and it lacks the implementation of scenarios to make those words work together, efficiantly.The bad(Chinese version at least):The person they recorded, was either, recorded with a low quality microphone or, had the mic up his xxx. It's hard to make out what he says from time to time.It's a nice app to go along an actual language cursus but the quality of the language displayed is not always very good.P.S.:How often exactly do we need to use the word ""skateboard"" in any given language?"
76561198102720378,Not Recommended,274980,12846464,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Zaagmachien,"I just bought the Korean version not even an hour ago, I love the idea and I think you can make this into something bigger but as it is this game is very dissapointing. I read before that the game relies heavily on english import words, but I never imagined that it would be the vast majority of the games vocabulary, even in the case of cooking oil which has a perfectly fine non english loan word, the game still insists on using an English loan word."
76561198032351940,Not Recommended,274980,23982060,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,All In,"So where's the game? I mean, you've got some word association minigames but what about the story? What do you actually do in this game? Good for learning the names of household items but not much actually happening, no character interactions or conversations to demonstrate the language, only one location, no story to accompany the learning process. Honestly you're probably better off with google translate."
,Recommended,274980,12314038,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,bite (classic),"What is there to hate? I can now say cat in Russian, Kot!"
76561197977691503,Recommended,274980,9578153,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Nostrodamaz,Very good tool for learning.
76561198009836907,Not Recommended,274980,23719202,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,DevilsAdvocate,I'm really sick of people giving this game such a glowing review when it fails to accomplish anything but to be a complete waste of time. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME THINKING THAT IT WILL TEACH YOU A LANGUAGE. It fails miserably at teaching anything except for a few simple words. There is absolutely NOTHING worthwhile here.
,Recommended,274980,15367073,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Geofferic,"Up front disclaimer: My wife and I already speak Japanese.Further up front disclaimer: This is only worth a buy if it's on sale.The deal is, this is not how to learn a language.  We bought it to practice Japanese, but the only thing it even offers is a very limited vocabulary learning game that centers entirely around objects in a home.You will not learn to speak a single sentence in Japanese.  Not even to say 'yes' or 'no'.  You will not, at all, learn Japanese.  In fact, many of the words you do learn will mean something else entirely when not in the proper context, so even the vocabulary you pick up is of limited use.I still do like it.  As a vocab trainer, it's pretty cool.  It needs a lot more depth and it needs to be honest about what it is, but on sale it's worth a buy.13 out of 19 muffins."
,Not Recommended,274980,9580017,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Jogh,"Currently I do not really recommend this game. Even with lowering the few settings you can use to adjust the graphics, the game is still frustratingly laggy. I have no idea why this happens when I can play Skyrim with medium graphics and mods. So, my guess is poor programming or something. Otherwise this game has a lot of promise. I did happen to learn some words before rage quiting from the lag. I appreciate what this game is trying to do, but the lag kills it. I will change my review when/if the lag issue is addressed."
76561198083485985,Not Recommended,274980,13053322,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Kawaii-Guinea,"The game  mechanics weren't as interactive as I would have liked. I chose to try and learn Japanese, and I would say that I got much more out of learning it in a class room then this game. Realistically, this game is just a moving set of speaking flash cards.I think it would have been more helpful if there had of been sentences, or more of a story. If it ended up getting more interesting I wouldn't know because I lost interest after exploring the house."
,Recommended,274980,15607489,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,raw1990,Infulent is by far my favourite educational game for the following reasons:1- You get to learn vocabulary while doing what you like best (playing video games)2- It is fairly light weight and can easily run on your laptop3- For the amount of education the price of 10 Euros for the full game or 5 Euros for a second/third language pack is very fair!*** Its important to note that Influent will not teach you a new language but will be a very useful supplument to your studies in terms of reinforcing your vocab knowledge!If you are learning a foreign language and are somewhere between A1 - B2 your time spent with this game will be useful while staying pleasurble!
76561197965485566,Not Recommended,274980,23002594,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,UltimaWeapon,its not perfeckt game its  ok but not that very good-  you are traped in tiny apartment feels clastrofobik to me-   need fix on the voice-  problem kliking on item wen it is thight togheter inside somting or at topp so you move the mouse 1 mm left and you klikk on the wrong item-   on my japanice the voice is wrong exemple the texst is:  TOKEI   and she say   TOKEI   but that is not correkt she is supose to say  TOKEE  and not tokei.   its very bad i get the wrong prenoseiasjon alot of times ( so its better to turn of the voice and read )+  you got time attack+  you make your own list to remember+  you have air playn you fly arond withI GIVE THIS GAME:    4/10
76561198087405635,Not Recommended,274980,28502686,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,benzus,"the game is not that good, i know is educational but just pointing stuff simulator its not a great way to learn a language"
,Recommended,274980,10180880,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,[DR.]xdarkhors3,"im learning spanish so far, i'm entertained for an hour or two almost every 2 days or so, and really the results are great. I just started working at a pawn shop and i dont know spanish that well and now im learning all these objects and bam the sentences come later like when you gotta use ""de"" or ""los"" ""el"", or anything else that has to do with connecting sentences, but the whole point is, is that if you don't know jack of spanish and you need a quick way out to learn what some objects are called. This my friends is the beginning to spanish. This is going back to the basics if you were a child and you didn't know anything of spanish this is the way to go. i highly recommend it."
76561198027907455,Recommended,274980,9791098,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Skinup443,"This game is fantastic, although having the articles (der, der or das) would be more useful than having just the words and its gender like I can find in a dictionary."
76561197993459806,Recommended,274980,10103660,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Tarbaby,This game is a really good way to increase vocabulary. I like how it associates adjectives and verbs as you learn the nouns around you in the house. I found out about it when I was looking for linux compatible games. It is one of the first language learning games I've played that didn't feel too much like a structured school lesson (which is easy for me to get distracted).
,Recommended,274980,9614475,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,MikulThegreat,"Very fun, really polished. Not sure yet how effective it is for learning a language but I'm enjoying it."
,Recommended,274980,9614489,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,forasp,"Fun, great help, but lacking content. I'm looking forward to an outdoors expansion with things like a bus stop, bus, cars/trucks/bicycles in a driveway, nearby buildings (such as a grocery, bakery, hospital, school, etc.). I really do love it, it's great for supplementing a language you already have a grasp of but lack vocabulary, but it definitely needs MORE!"
,Recommended,274980,9614539,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,SoapyExplorer,"This is the way I want to learn a language, through games. I have friends on my steam list I know whom have learned english solely through socializing and playing computer games! It'll beef up your vocabulary but grammar and all the other stuff is in development. I hope to see more soon!"
,Recommended,274980,9615445,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,tarurih,I like this game.  You don't see many language learning systems that include Latin =).One thing though - when doing a time attack often times you will click on the right answer (In my case inteligen on the computer) and get the same object wrong the next time you click it (ordinatrum means computer) in the same time attack.  I recommend not having same objects in a word list.
,Recommended,274980,9617463,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Hairspring,This is fun and cute. I got the Japanese one. I would not suggest it if you haven't taken at least an introductory course. I like this because it makes it easier for me to remember a lot of common words. There are a few too many loan words for my taste but not enough for me to not suggest it. It's not really language learning software. It's basically glorified flash cards. It also splits up the pronunciation so you can see which kanji is read in what way in compound spellings.Basically if you want a cute way to remember a lot of every day objects this is great. If you want to get better at recognizing the kanji for every day objects it's great. If you don't already know how to read kana or are not currently learning them separately don't buy this game for Japanese.
76561197987326605,Recommended,274980,9618063,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Danahi,"I don't recommend this game to everyone. You should be motivated to learn the given language.This game is good at what the developers focussed on. You get dropped into a room and can see what the object is called in the chosen language. However there is no real structure in your approach. You roam the room and add arbitrary words to your list. There is an airplane minigame which to my opinion is totally out of context. And although it is mentioned, the game doesn't focus on sentences. Just vocabulary. However I would have prefered some better testing modes instead of the airplane mode (which is essentially ""time attack"" from an airplane).Pros:- Clear UI- Easy controls- intuitive word listing- good time attack- rich amount of objects- time attack and random words are good testing methodsCons:- Missing variety in testing methodes- out-of-context airplane game mode- no sentence support- no structured approach of learning"
,Recommended,274980,9635536,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,SpaceCat,"Hello, So far I love this game, very very fun... but would there be any way that we could learn sentences, like how to connect the words to form sentences and stuff."
,Recommended,274980,9637066,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Snowbeast,Very great program for learning vocabulary words. A lot of the negative reviews are for the Japanese version of the game. Works great fro what it is.
,Recommended,274980,9637851,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,OneEyedNinja,"This is a really great concept. The gameplay is really simple and easy to get an understanding of. The camera can be a little clunky at times, however.Now, as a language learning device, it needs some work. Learning what words are in other languages is a big part of it, but you need to also be using sentences, not just words.I would give this a 8/10. It's definately worth picking up if you are looking into learning a language that this game is in."
,Recommended,274980,9626162,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,(a)v@tar px,"It's fun but there is a few bugs in the word finding play thing (get a word and finde the object). Sometimes it says that the item i clicked on wasn't the wright one, but it is."
,Recommended,274980,9631103,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Dosedmonkey,"Brilliant for beginners of Spanish. Very useful. I think it is a great alternative way of learning for people like myself who struggle with languages, especially when compared to learning out of a book. Lots of items in his house, seriously it'd be a lot harder if he tidied his apartment a bit more.Really hope there is a sequel with exterior objects. Stuff such as cars, gym, how to interact with people. This could be developed in to something even more amazing."
,Recommended,274980,9633101,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Keo,"Having studied Japanese during my Uni years and now living in Korea, this take on ""fun"" learning is enjoyable for refreshing and reinforcing previous knowledge. Yes it is limited to only 420 nouns, adj, and verbs, and limited to only 4 rooms in the house, I think it has a lot of potential if the developer expands upon it.Although Japanese and Korean have a lot of borrowed words from English in the game (as previous reviews have complained about), they are used in the language as well, so knowing what is a borrowed word is useful.I wasn't a fan of the flying plane mode as it was a pain to try to focus on smaller objects throughout the house like pens/pencils etc. but a cool concept.The music was relaxing and enjoyable while searching for objects.I look forward to the future prospects of this product, because... genuinely, whatever motivates you to learn a language will get you one step closer to using it and fluency.**On a side note, Achievements took roughly 7 hours for me to complete with a little knowledge in the language I was playing in.**"
76561198006142054,Recommended,274980,9946845,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Jthechosenone,"Ive used many language tools... flash cards, pictionaries, software programs.... not even close to how good this game is. They say the best way to learn a language is to live the language. Well here you go. Also its $10...... $10....... and $5 for each other language u add..... just buy it already."
76561198099494154,Recommended,274980,9988758,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,jkensinger,"Played it once so far - pretty satisfying and enjoyable.  However, upon attempting to open the game after my initial play, the first game screen with the moon comes up white and does not load further.  Thus, I have been unable to play the game again.  I have tried restarting the game and my computer as well as re-installing the game.  Please fix this..."
76561198028594222,Recommended,274980,9901130,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Thorendir,"Bit few stuff to check on. Just a lil room, very few verbs and adjectives, mostly nouns. Still more than worth buying! Gives you least a glimps of the language. altho you should keep in mind that other languages cost 5 euros each, after buying the game and one language pack"
76561198069519770,Recommended,274980,9933438,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Dem Paws,"This game definitely has a lot of potential. If you're looking for a basic vocabulary game, it's pretty good.I'm hoping the developer continues adding content [as there's a pretty limited list of vocab]. Take note, as of right now, if the language you're planning on buying had feminine/masculine properties to the words, those arent included. There's a few verbs and adjectives as well.Considering the developer has done tons of the work load by himself, it's a pretty impressive game.Give it time."
,Recommended,274980,9794437,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Nedglecting Work,"great game, i reckon there should be a family tree or something so you can learn ""family name"". and maybe a monster or oni under the bed for fun."
,Recommended,274980,9796553,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Dopefish,"To start learning a new language it is just the right thing - paired with a good grammar and knowledge of the letters - which you propbably won't get for a program in this price range - as far as I can see, it's a good vocab-trainer and I sincerely hope there will be some additional rooms and/or a garden to explore and extend the vocab even further =Dwell done, Rob Howland o/"
76561198049565196,Recommended,274980,9710121,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Rootbeard,I love this game.Been practicing everyday.I recommend this to anyone who wants to start learning the basics of  language.Big ups to the developers a great concempt.
76561198061838412,Recommended,274980,9718872,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Joseph Spugatti,"It's a really cool, game thought I could see being use in any school"
,Recommended,274980,16097700,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,GekoPrime,"If you want to learn the names of common household object, and maybe even basic verbs and adjectives, it's not bad!I'm using the Mandarin Chinese language pack and the voicing is pretty good!"
76561198047344373,Recommended,274980,15768393,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Dokkasan,"This interactive learning tool is very useful for learning the basics of languages.  I had quite a lot of fun playing it as well.  You walk around your apartment clicking on objects and collecting words.  When you get enough collected, you can quiz yourself.  When you get a word right 3 times you ""master"" it.  This leads to achievements, and who doesn't like those?!"
,Recommended,274980,15778704,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,TheImmortalConquerOfTheUniverse,REALLY HELPFULL
76561198077828558,Recommended,274980,16848645,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,samiam54,Great way to expand your vocab.
,Recommended,274980,16454273,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Arishezza,"Good for people who learn through doing and gaming, very interactive and fun!"
,Recommended,274980,15588824,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,SapphireSoul,The controls take a while to master but it's a great game for those who can't afford fancy lanugage immersion trips.
,Recommended,274980,16349600,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Thrae,"A different and creative way to learn new languages, perfect for those struggling with pronounciation or spelling."
,Recommended,274980,16532771,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Kimeron,"Yes. It will not teach proper grammar for complete sentences, but you will be able to learn and reinforce vocabulary that should be learned from a language learning program."
,Recommended,274980,13463589,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Profound Ambassador,"I am really enjoying this game. I only wish it had much, much more content. I have wanted to learn Swedish for some time now, and putting into a video game format works wonders for making me do it! I haven't tried yet, but if this game is compatible with a controller, it would make it easier to do the time attacks faster. Fly by is a pretty cool idea as well.Lots of fun for me, learning tons of new words. I definitely recommend the game, and hope it expands. I would consider this a great start."
76561197970732902,Recommended,274980,13754460,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Maximillian,"I learned German using another very popular third party product.  Something Stone..  anyway, using that software and having native German speaking co-workers assisted me very much.  I purchased In*Fluent to keep up and or/learn new words and it has done well.  It's creative in a virtual immersion.If you've already taken German 101 - then get this to expand your vocabulary."
76561198047519623,Recommended,274980,15798776,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Blackelfwolf-Woobaferry,"Great Tool to have on the side while studying a new language! Just because I ""mastered"" a word in 20 minutes doesn't mean I'll remember it tomorrow though."
76561197985265536,Recommended,274980,14583044,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Chris,"Reminiscent of the game ""Silent Hill 4: The Room"", probably...In seriousness, this is a good tool for learning common vocabulary. If you are looking for ""fluency"" in your desired language this will only get you so far."
76561198061277414,Recommended,274980,15212445,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,seltzersuds,Only played a few minutes so far but like how it goes so far
76561198055462705,Recommended,274980,15745711,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Nerdy Norseman,"A day in the park.Bob: Hi Anna! Good day.Anna: Hi Bob! God day to you too.Bob: I am learning a language.Anna: You are learning a language you say?Bob: Yes, I am learning a language.Anna: That is very interesting Bob.Bob: Yes, I also find it very interesting. But I find it hard to build a basic vocabulary.Anna: You find it hard to build a basic vocabulary? Bob, have you tried 'Influent'?Bob: No, what is this 'Influent'?Anna: 'Influent' is a computer game. It won't teach you everything, by far, but it adds some spice to language learning.Bob: I will buy 'Influent' then. Have a good day.Anna: Have a good day then, Bob."
76561198013449217,Recommended,274980,14935380,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Aurura,This is awesome!  I use the original Japanese pack.  I have recommended it to friends.  Wonderful work.  I  hope to see this concept expand beyond the apartment someday!
,Recommended,274980,13147002,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Epic_Piggy,"Do you plan to learn a new langauge but don't want to shell out a few hundred $$? Then Influent is right for you! Will you learn basic parts of a langauge, you will learn nouns, adjectives, and verbs in a whole new and exciting way! Walking around your small studio apartment, you click on items to add them to your vocab list, with every 10 words doing a new test of remember and find. After mastering 50 words, you unlock ""Fly-By"" mode in which you will get to fly a model airplane, shooting the correct items corresponding to the word. Fun for all ages either learning a new langauge or brushing up, this is great deal to learning a langauge easily. It will not fully help you in knowing an entire langauge, but it will set you up with a great basic knowledge of your langauge. It's a great buy for $10, so go buy yourself a copy today!"
,Recommended,274980,12979382,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Lavatory Load,Love it... Hope they come out with add ons for the various languages.
,Recommended,274980,12319832,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,HaughtyDingle,"This is more of a vocabulary game than anything else. I have not played much so far, but I have yet to find any explanations of grammar, verb conjugation, or general sentence structure. I'm playing the Russian language version and have not even found explanations of the Cryllic alphabet. A bit disappointed but the pronounciation of each word found helps a lot! Overall I'd say it's worth $10 if you think of it as an interactive dictionary, rather than a substitute to one of the language learning programs that actually teach you grammar and the alphabet of non latin-based languages."
76561198016880157,Recommended,274980,12331711,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Riik,"This game makes a good suppliment to one's education in a chosen language. Whilst I wouldn't recommend relying solely on this program to learn a specific language, it's a great way to broaden one's vocabulary of everyday words. And it does this without being tedious or patronising. It allows you to learn in your own time, which is great for both those who want to go on an intensive learning spree or those who don't have the time to do too much."
76561197991109755,Recommended,274980,9721577,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,DigitalDAF,Pretty fun! But some of the words seem to be a little out of place when I ask my friends to correct me.
76561198029940921,Recommended,274980,9587801,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Beaubasaur,"Very good for learning vocab, gives you a 3d environment to explore, record vocab, and then quiz yourself on that vocab by pointing it out.  Would highly recommend, other than the fact that the music (while very well done) is extremely loud and can only be turned on/off, not lowered in volume."
,Recommended,274980,9589443,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,TheFlamingGalah,"This is pretty cool, it would be a whole lot better if you could go out side, being able to list a whole bunch of household objects but not being able to say words like bus, car or train, ticket, park or road makes it a little bit silly.Being able to walk around and simply select objects you are not familiar with, as opposed to having to resit and learn the basics makes this good for intermediate learners, this is, in no way a complete language learning solution, but it could be a fun and helpful addition to any language learner's library.I hope the developers are succesfull and release a reasonably priced addon, adding additional areas to the game."
,Recommended,274980,9593256,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Degiance,Its a excellent learning game you almost immidietly start to absorb the words turning the time attack. Only the controlls might be abit irritating but it doesnt deminish the learning exprience but i personally cannot wait for more langauages. Hopefully they add Danish soon ^^
,Recommended,274980,9593298,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,ShadowFox,"This game/tool is genius, I love the idea and it makes learning languages so much more fun!The use of a real feeling apartment to accumulate vocabulary is great although I feel that a living outside world full of moving cars and houses full of people would be the next step to take to increase the ability this game has! OR to incorporate telephone conversations or NPC characters to talk to. So the game can teach you conversation skills as well as vocabulary!"
76561197973011349,Recommended,274980,9597572,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,voltio,i have tried leaning languages before but i away seem to lose interest  but this game rocks you can do it at your own pace and after learning about 50 words mastering 10  my brain started to hurt so i guess ill do this every day while i eat my breakfast(:. the controls got to me a bit at first but  i got the hang of it fast
,Recommended,274980,9600397,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,colortwang,"I would recommend this game to anyone who wants to expand their vocabulary.I am at an intermediate level of French and I knew a lot of these words, however, I learned some adjectives and verbs to go with them and of course complete new words too.Worth the $10 in my opinion."
,Recommended,274980,9601009,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,RayJing,"Surprisingly effective software. Only a few hours in and I'm already learning more then what I had intially anticipated. Obviously you wont learn a language just by playing the game, but through your own hard work. Well worth the money invested into this program and will definitely purchase future DLCs assuming the price is not outlandish and contains a useful set of vocabulary."
,Recommended,274980,9601145,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,[unassigned],"An interesting and unique approach to learning another language.While a bit cluttered and confusing the moment you jump in, Influent has alot to offer in terms of Edutainment and helps pave the way for other educational titles. What stood out the most to me was the ability within the game to actually choose from a bank of words lying around the typical home, rather than have the game set those words for you. By enabling the user to decides their own words (and which adjectives and verbs to tack on) Influent allows them to study at whatever pace they'd like, and focus on whichever areas they desire. Whether it be trying to figure out the masculine/feminine states of certain pieces of furniture, or memorizing the different parts of a bed, Influent has got you covered.For 10 bucks, it's a definate buy."
,Recommended,274980,9602159,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,podinglite,"Bought the French pack. Seems pretty cool so far, though I've only spent about a half hour in this. You interact with things in your environment and learn their names in your chosen language, and when you've picked up enough words, you can review them in minigames.I'm not sure I'd recommend this to a total beginner to French. This might be something that comes up later in the game, but I was confused to see that the game omits the proper gender articles for a given word. For instance, the word for ""book"" is ""livre"", which the game tells you is ""masculine"". That's correct, but then the game doesn't tell you what that means.The minigames could use a little bit of work. Time Attack was my favorite one, where you're given a word and you have to run around and find the object the word corresponds to. So if you're given ""mur"", you have to go and double click on a ""wall"". It's easy enough, but things get stressful when you have to click very precisely on a really small or skinny object and you're trying to do it as fast as possible to get a good score. I wish the hitboxes had been bigger on these objects, because even if I turn up mouse sensitivity, a stylo is SO MUCH SMALLER than the bureau, and it can be a pain getting my cursors to line up with a tiny object. The sluggish walk controls don't help much either.The other minigame I tried out let you take control of a model plane and zoom around the room shooting objects that match up to a given word. Thing is, you have to shoot several times at an object (presumably to tell the game you REALLY, REALLY, REALLY do know the meaning of that word, even though the repetition isn't a feature of the other minigame) and your plane is constantly moving towards whatever point in space you're focusing on. This means that you have to sometimes turn around to get more breathing room to fire on the object until the game finally tells you you're correct, and THIS is an issue because the plane controls rather sluggishly, and also explodes upon touching just about anything.Still, it was a good refresher for some vocabulary I'd forgotten. I could see this being useful as a side tool for a more in-depth language course."
,Recommended,274980,9603027,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Feacur,"Perfect add-on for my language-learning gear. Author also has recommended this site:http://babadum.com/As it always is, the game isn't a solitary tool for you. However I do have fun using Influent now and then for ten minutes or so."
76561198031795483,Recommended,274980,14877111,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,MochaChip,"For learning languages, sure I'll recommend it. It's an interactive, fun way to learn vocabulary in a setting where you can see the objects. I like the quiz options."
76561198062076147,Not Recommended,274980,15143139,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,WillyEckerslike,Great if you only want to learn nouns.
76561198059238213,Recommended,274980,14812093,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,someloser,"I don't ordinarly review stuff but I feel this software deserves it.  It's fantastic.  I usually end up struggling to choke-down vocab for languages but this makes it fun, easy and much faster to get it all down.  Totally worth it to me.  IMO the only down side is I wish they'd make more areas than just in the apartment, for more vocab.  Like maybe a simple scene outside, a grocery store, etc..  But it's not that big of a deal, still plenty of stuff in the appartment."
,Recommended,274980,14704602,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Synister,Sugoi!
,Recommended,274980,22228824,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Nolen87,"This is a wonderful game to *aid* in language learning. You will not master any language this way. But from what all my teacher tell me, it's about exposer of practicle use. So if you're interested in your language of choice and wouldn't mind mixing it up with something fun on the side DO THIS! Also I want Hungarian language support. Please and thank you."
76561198219465852,Recommended,274980,22194048,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Hello_World,"This is my first review so I will just say the most important things.To give you a better inside of my experience, my native language is german and I bought the japanese pack.To all of the people who blamed this game for not teaching them the complete language with all its grammer rules. That is not what this game is supposed to do. This game will not teach you a language from scratch and it doesn`t have to.If you only want to learn a language by using only one source than this would definately not be your kind of game.But let´s be serious guys. I think we all should know that learning a language requires far more different materials and takes a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of time.This game is just for Vocabs and therefore should be used as additional tool beside your other study methods.Of course you will have to learn grammer and sentence structure seperately by using books or taking courses but that is to be expected.Long story short. This game mainly serves as a Vocabulary trainer. You have to think for yourself if it´s worth buying ""just"" for that. But I for myself consider it way more fun to actively learn the vocabs than to read them of some flash cards. (which for japanese easily cost double the price/ Kanji readings ect.)Lastly a little review specially for the japanese pack:Pro- The voice is good- it has many words for everday use- switchable between Hiragana, Kanji and romaji- you feel succesfull- more translations for the same wordCon- Just household items- just a flat to move in- many english words in a japanese manner (can be avoided by taking another word with same meaning)5/7  would recommend."
,Not Recommended,274980,22263470,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Gottkaiser Felgelein,"I only don't recommend at the moment because you can only learn a limited amount of words and stuff.It doesn't teach grammatical rules and all the stuff you need to actually be able to speak the language, only words of objects around the house you are in.Until they actually implement some language learning into the game, I don't recommend wasting your money"
76561198067322786,Not Recommended,274980,22291347,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Maegaranthelas,"Underwhelming.Controls are clunky, and it is often not clear what it isa you are clicking. There is also too much repeptition of items. I found it a rather unpleasant experience, not to be repeated."
,Recommended,274980,25258266,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,winona,fun and challenging; my only wish is that the game were longer.
76561198065100988,Recommended,274980,18434079,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,sumark94,"I really think this is a great game and it was just what I was looking for to help my Mandarin studies.  Since it's the only thing like it for Mandarin it is a gotta have!  I like the words by page idea when I started playing, but would also like to see a ""sort"" funtion that could be used to put all the words I am having trouble with at the top of the list.  I don't like going through all the words that I think I have already learned.  I have already done 14 pages!  Will an expanded version be coming out?"
,Recommended,274980,25635112,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,ManicSpider,"This game was exactly what I've been looking for.  A lot of websites and youtube videos give phrases and expressions, but my son is at a bilingual school and we wanted to be able to use Italian around the house. This game was very helpful in helping us learn nouns, verbs and adjectives pertaining to common daily items and activities.It is limited, as the first thing you want to do when you get to the front door is go outside and you're restricted to whatever you can find inside the apartment, but I love what it is and I hope they make expanded games in future so I can continue with this method of language learning."
76561198152955754,Recommended,274980,24626011,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Monochrome92,"while not the best method for learning a language, since its just a short list of nouns but it is very useful however for learning a writing system like  Russian and devanagari (indian/nepalese).the best method for me is muting the voice during time trial and reading instead."
76561198063139564,Recommended,274980,18880334,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Noroimusha,"First of all I know I havent spend much time in this game yet, but it is really awesome.I have the Japanese dlc, but I think it would be the same no matter what language you go for.EDIT: Got a few more language packs and they do are in essence the same as the Japanese languange packEverything in this game can be clicked and for everything clicked you will hear the word and then be able to see it written, rehear it and see what it looks like at the same time in your vocabulary list. You choose if you want to see the word written out in english aswell. You then master each word (getting it right several times in a row while using time attack) and thus complete your tasks.Its not easy, because you have to remember a lot of words, but thats what makes it so great. You actually have to remember the words (10 words to be mastered for each time attack).You'll then notice how you remember what these things are called in real life aswell.EDIT: Mastering and finding all the word is hard. You might want to check a guide, in order to find all the words.The developers are very into the game and they keep adding new language packs and are working to expand the game, so you'll have more areas to explore and new words to learn. They're a 2 man team and they're doing a great job keeping up and giving us updates on their progress.Buy this game if you want to expand the vocabulary of a language that you're learning. I would even recommend buying at the full price, since it's cheap for such a great game.10/10"
,Recommended,274980,23942808,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,meowcenaries,Great for vocabulary and reading training!
,Recommended,274980,24163437,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Grim Gravy,The motion sickness is horrible in this game.
,Recommended,274980,20737613,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,danelitodus,"A cute program for the bi-lingual curious.  It seems like a fun way to test and see if you're interested in learning a particular language before starting a serious course or investing in a comprehensive software package.  I can easily recommend it to anyone of any age or skill level.Some feedback for the developers:Please animate the cat!  It's disturbing to see him so still, as if dead.  :(In French the article is an integral aspect of a word.  The option to exclude it should not be given, and it is very important to include it in the spoken version of the word.The option to eliminate certain words from the vocabulary list altogether would be useful.When will we be able to exit the front door? :)Why not include a female avatar?Thank you for your effort. It's been a fun way to fill some holes in my vocabulary!"
,Not Recommended,274980,21205247,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Wulf,"Just a game that shows you and says the name of what you click in the language you buy. Very useless for learning a language, since you can do this for free elsewhere on the internet and it will be accompanied with other knowledge that may be required related to the object."
76561198011520814,Recommended,274980,20863865,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Wisegun,This actually helps! Although speaking with someone is way better. It helps get your vocab down :)
76561198105593796,Recommended,274980,21626604,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Amo-te muito avó,"Although a native speaker would be able to write a better review (i can only believe what i am told), i do recommend this game.The time attack challenge is actually much more fun than i had expected!The speech is very clear/easy to understand and the font is as well...And you can switch to romanji font, if you'd like...(this is revirsible at any time)"
76561198004387279,Recommended,274980,21758558,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Pentalis,"Good for what it's advertised.As the game description says, it's a vocabulary game, and it's good at what it does, but don't expect anything else.This game complemented my SRS* study quite well, as it provides variety to prevent boredom.*SRS = spaced repetition system"
,Not Recommended,274980,21579538,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,PhantomPuppy,"So, it's a great idea, but I was hoping there would be more maps than just a little apartment, and more interaction with people. Kinda like an RPG game, and you talk to people around a city or something, and they walk you through simple sentences/objects and what not. Of course I wasn't expecting a story or anything, but a bit more interaction to help you learn sentence structures instead of just raw vocabulary that you can't really form anything out of."
,Not Recommended,274980,21581974,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,elevul,"Very interesting concept, limited by lack of content. It's effectively only one apartment and the items within. If this was a whole city then it would REALLY be an incredible tool for language learning, but in it's current state it's just too limited to be actually useful. Hopefully they expand on the concept, though, because if it was a whole city to visit, each with names, and perhaps the possibility of conversing with people (effectively treating the conversation as a test of the knowledge the user has) it could become a really incredible tool for learning languages."
,Not Recommended,274980,21141978,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Vertinove,Unless you want to learn the names of household objects in your target language there is nothing really special about this game
76561198080647536,Recommended,274980,21162465,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,JohnPodesta,"First of all I would only reccommend it, if you get it on sale. Since 10$ are just too much for a tiny 3D environment and some voice effects. Also there seem to be no updates (its almost 2 years since release and no additional rooms/words have been added).Of course the game cannot teach you any grammar, and its just a small tool that can help you if you use it properly. If you already have a basic understanding of the language and writing system you want to learn, then it can really be a fun additional exercise to extend your vocabulary. The vocabulary in this game is not top priority stuff for beginners, but if your goal is to become fluent in the language you will have to learn all these everyday objects sooner or later.You can build a vocabulary list by clicking on various items, then do a ""race"" challenge where the names pop up and you have to find the corresponding items. The vocabulary tool keeps track of how well you remember the words, although this is very rudimentary (a red/yellow/green symbol). By doing well in these races you unlock points with which you can unlock adjectives or verbs related to the nouns in the game. This extends the vocabulary of the whole apartment to several hundred words, enough to keep you busy.Overall, I think the game is useful if you are self-studying a language and sometimes need a little motivational boost. It helps pick up some new words with correct pronunciation, but afterwards to keep them in long term memory, I would move them into a spaced repetition tool like Anki."
,Not Recommended,274980,21169074,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,JayRS152,Way too expensive for what it is.
,Not Recommended,274980,21379259,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,PinkieD,"I barely had to play this game before I realized I may have made a mistake in buying it. ""Influent"" is not a language learning tool that would work for most people. It's good for refreshing your memory on a language you have already learned, just to practice, but I can't see how this game would actually TEACH you to speak anotherlanguage.I would reccomend playing ""Influent"" alongside either a language course or another more in-depth game for language speaking."
,Recommended,274980,21469489,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Sir Fuzzlington,"It doesn't actually teach you grammer or phrases, but learning 400 words sounds really awesome.Words don't describe how great Influent is, which is ironic, because each language has 400+ to learn."
,Recommended,274980,20395536,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,ℜ͉̈́ц͎̇﹩̭̈́ℌ͉̽¥89,"Great game, tried it on Japanese, just to try it out. Was hoping I could get it in Afrikaans. But very good."
76561198026444314,Recommended,274980,20480900,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,TickleMeTimbers,very good basis to learning languages. may need another form of quizing though. 10/10 would play agian
,Recommended,274980,20488892,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,cont3xt,"Pros:- Offers a good interaction system;- The ""mini-games"" are a nice exercise;- Helps a lot to build a better vocabulary on foreign languages;- Pronunciation voices are well done.Cons:- Do not expect a full language course, this game focus on vocabulary;- After a while, it feels a bit repetitive.Rating: 85/100 - Worth it![]'s,cont3xt"""
,Recommended,274980,20636404,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,SmugnessUndivided,"The first thing you need to know about this is that, despite being called ""the language learning game"", this cannot be used to learn a language to any degree. Don't expect something like Duolingo or Rosetta Stone, which if you don't know are interactive applications which, if used regularly, will essentially provide a sufficiently structured learning plan to allow you to become functionally proficient (IE, able to carry on a simple conversation) in another language.All this game allows you to do is learn basic vocabulary. That's it. You walk around inside a little apartment and click on objects, and the game tells you the name of the object in the language you've chosen, frequently alongside relevant adjectives and verbs (EG, clicking on a candle will tell you the word for ""candle"" as well as the word for the verb ""light""). Then you can create vocabulary lists that will allow you to test your knowledge of these words.It's very good for that, for learning some basic vocabulary in a new language. But it will not do anything else. It won't teach you any sort of grammar; you won't so much as learn how to put together a sentence properly in the subject language.But if you're just learning the basics of a new language, or would like to, then this is good for that. It will help you quickly master a basic vocabulary list which will help you start listening to dialogue or reading or taking a class or doing any of the other things that will help you actually learn a new language."
76561198121281014,Recommended,274980,13956111,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,orangiesdad,"Overall, Influent is a good game. It can help people learn a lot of words in foregin launguages. It even has special features like vocab lists, and pronounciation.But heres the thing;It only has tangable things and objects that you can learn the name of, which is inconvient. Mostly because you don't get to learn grammer, conjunctions, verbs, etc.Overall, its a good game and it can help in many ways, but it does need improvement."
,Recommended,274980,14646075,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,卓卓0207,"It's useful and helpful for me to learn the basic words in another language.  I like the sound when I unlock a new challenge.   I hope there will be a word list for the users to add the words they choose.  Anyway, it's much better than I thought it would be...but it's really hard to control the aircraft and shoot the item in the meantime zzz.  I'm certain to buy a new DLC after this one, maybe Japanese. Love it, and thanks."
,Not Recommended,274980,14667894,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Bassummoner,I don't hate this game but they should really have done something more interesting with the gameplay. Wouldn't recommend spending money on it.
76561198131434164,Recommended,274980,18899137,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Sophloaf,Great game for learning vocabulary words! I got the Japanese version. It helps to know a little bit of the language before you get it (which I already did). Would recommend!
76561198030986735,Recommended,274980,29223564,Posted: 13 January,all,noahnotmoses,Good game for all the reasons the other reviews point out. I'd just like to add the warning to be mindfull of what you click on because it can get mighty frustrating when you get to the last 10 words & you thought you had clicked on everything only to find out you haven't. I spent hours trying to find my last word: Water (had to turn on the faucet & click on the flowing water).
76561198345934235,Recommended,274980,29443212,Posted: 23 January,all,Vlad at Bojangles (en español!),"A great game with the understanding that it is strictly vocabulary based. 400 words is enough to get you started learning a language. With that said, if you are learning a non-latin based character system (as in, your language does not using letters ""abc"" but instead uses Chinese or Russian ""letters""), you will need to learn that on your own, as this game does not teach this to you. I purchased the Russian starter pack, and luckily for me, I already learned the Russian ""alphabet"" before purchasing.I like how relaxed the environment is in the game, and that you can interact with virtually anything within the environment. It's fun to learn, and effective. I'm planning on picking up a French and Danish language pack soon.For $10.00, it's definitly worth the purchase. It really does help you learn solid vocab. I hope the developer continues working on this game, because this could really help a lot of people truly learn a language. I would definitely support this project. Now for some recommendations: I wish the game could have extended its boundaries to an outside world, such as a playground, a school, etc. It would have been nice to get more than roughly 400 words, and to be able to learn grammar. Maybe an interactive story where you practice grammar? The possibilities are endless."
,Not Recommended,274980,14658189,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,FREEMASON,"Developer promised to make next build to have interaction with AI person but never see it at all. Just all talks and no show. I wouldn't recommend because all of the things that you are able to learn in each language is just going to be the surrounding of each rooms that you're stuck in. No way to learn how to communicate, no way to learn how to use word properly in a sentence.Buy on your own risk title description may decieve you, ""Influent is a Language Learning Game"" my♥♥♥♥♥more of ""Influent is a language word learning game"""
,Recommended,274980,28784799,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,arthur,"While this game is not a way to learn a language, it is a good way to learn some basic vocabulary.  It is suprisingly useful in that regard because it contains so many every day household items, something that seems to be overlooked by actual language courses.In short, don't rely on a game like this to teach you a language, but buy this game to augment your vocabulary with many words that you'll actually be able to use.  Those other courses can teach you those great party phrases like ""Please get your mottled chinchilla out of the bidet,"" which, really, you'll only be able to use once or twice a year.  Now I can ask where my keys are, something I can use four or five times a week.  I already know that chinchilla is living it up on the town with my wallet, so no need to ask about that..."
,Recommended,274980,29864062,Posted: 11 February,all,Azu Sinpai,"I'd be lying if I said that there was nothing to take away from this game.I initially put off buying this game for a loooong time - as the price for what seemed at the time a terribly experimental game was a bit steep. However, speaking after playing it for a while - it is more than worth it's full price in content.Wanna build your vocabulary in another language? This is a good place to start."
,Recommended,274980,29966673,Posted: 16 February,all,PrinceKobra,I played it a long time ago. It's a very basic vocabulary program. I would like to see Multiple choice gameplay options like they say a word and then ask the user to choose the correct object. This can be extended to doing what is told to see if the user understood.
76561198088826123,Recommended,274980,30046723,Posted: 19 February,all,AndorTheMighty,"I played it for a bit and I can say I really like it. Unfortunally it does lack some diversity. Adding some different game modes or even more space to walk, because it´s not a lot, would be wonderful. Just a small thing. Also some minor flaws with articles and their gender, but nothing shocking really.Since it had a 50% discount for my learning language (Italian), it´s worth it to me. Boosting my  day to day vocab in a playful manner is really joyful compaired to boring abstract book reading.I therefore recommend this game for those who need to quickly boost some general vocab. But naturally this game won't make you fluent. If you want to make the most of it, try to think of ways to enhance the learning experiance by speaking about the objects to yourself out loud. Like: That book seems bigger than the toaster over there! or: Darn, I forgot my keys, where were they? Were they next to my wallet on the cabinet?Just great fun, but 10 euro is a bit too much for what you get when thinking about it. But if you have the luxury of a generous steam wallet, then I suppose you should just do it fam."
76561198080200300,Recommended,274980,29116351,Posted: 8 January,all,pieter,"NIce to learn nouns. need a way to make sentences, maybe a person asking you to get the keys or bring the newspaper... game sort of setting..."
,Not Recommended,274980,31147344,Posted: 14 April,all,Landon Rivers,"I don't like how you're confined to just the apartment. They set up the story like you'd be doing so much more and that there'd be way more to it, but there isn't. The dev made some pretty bad decisions by listening to everyone around the world scream for the game to be in their language. Honestly, he should have picked like 3 or 4, hell, even just 1, and then built the rest of the game around them. Additional languages should come wayyyy later."
76561197975221819,Recommended,274980,30272002,Posted: 1 March,all,Cakezombie,"This learning game has a great concept and I feel that it is at the right price-point for what you get. This is great for absolute beginners to a new language, as it teaches you some basic nouns, verbs, and adjectives in a hands-on kind of way. The only downside is that it feels like the first level of what should be a much longer game. I'd be happy to pay for DLC packs in other game environments, like an office, a general store, a grocery store, classroom, etc. It would be great to get some basic phrases or questions worked in as well. I hope the developer adds these features in the future."
76561198159572891,Recommended,274980,30278179,Posted: 2 March,all,thehappycorvid,"Great tool for vocabulary building. Having a second installment that deals with basic grammar would be a great addition to the Influent family. It was enjoyable wandering around the house and trying to find as many things to name as possible. That said, my greatest enjoyment still came from the store comments from players describing their hellish experiences in a house that they can never leave, surrounded forever by objects that they speak the names of over and over again, slowly losing their minds. It's not a ""game"", so bear that in mind when playing. It's an interactive learning tool, and I will rate it according to that.7/10, nice concept and pretty useful learning supplement."
,Recommended,274980,23269592,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,JDong,Steam overlay doesn't work on OS X I don't think. Works fine on Linux.Fun game and pretty rewarding. Not being able to leave the house is depressing however.
76561198186258309,Recommended,274980,31207954,Posted: 17 April,all,hmsugarbone,"I bought this game for my toddler who has been in Russian language classes for a few months now. She's been picking it up slowly over time and recently began to ask newer words on her own so figured it was time to try this game out. She immediately loved it. I let her pick which objects she learnt the words for and made it easier for her to learn, since she was directing her own learning and was more meaningful for her.That said, like all the negative reviews I'd LOVE to see a bigger environment: an office, classroom, street view, etc. More common things that would be useful to know if you're were just starting a language. That said this program is not good for learning how to speak a language. I having studied Russian in the past while living there and my daughter being in a class has filled that void, this program simply teaches more words for her arsenal. It MUST be supplemented with an actual language program that teaches sentence structure and grammar but is a good way to learn words in a fun way on your own.All in all this game serves its purpose, it teaches you words that you'd likely need to know in a foreign language especially if you were to travel there and know nothing of the language at least you'd be able to say: toilet, sandwich, soap, etc if you needed to buy something on the economy. Obviously, you'd look crazy if you were just saying random words but it would let you survive for a bit. Still I'd love to see more environments but for the price you get what you pay for which isn't bad. Suggestion: newer environments as DLC, therefore it’s not free to the developer and still keeps the game fresh and the knowledge flowing like a river."
,Recommended,274980,31356847,Posted: 25 April,all,duke12leon,"I found it to be very natural and it has really helped me learn, I highly reccomend it to anyone getting started learning a new language."
,Recommended,274980,31697953,Posted: 12 May,all,RANVEERA CHINGAAH,"Influentis a simple language game that provides a framework for learning and practicing recall of 420 simple household words in a language of your choice from quite a long list.ProsEasy, intuitive basic controlsUnlock content at your own pace and in your own choice of orderClear pronunciation of wordsSoothing musicConsFly-by Mode is horrible to control (thankfully it's completely optional)Can be frustrating to find the last few words in the setDoes not cover grammar or sentence structure; vocabulary list only.Sometimes inconsistent audio quality for pronunciation guidesYou explore an ordinary looking student apartment, and click on objects to hear a voice in the language you are learning name them. Add those words to your learning list to drill them by clicking on the correct object when the name is displayed or called out in the target language. Come back as often as you want to be reminded of what that thing is called again, or challenge yourself by tackling a random list of any ten words you have already found.Adjectives and verbs are also part of the game, attached to nouns to which they relate. For example, ""cute"" is the cat sitting on your chair, and ""read"" is something you do to books. Some of the associations the game offers are funny; all of them make sense, in their own way.This game isn't going to teach you to speak a language all by itself; it only offers you a small pool of vocabulary, no grammar or conversational norms. However, it may be a good way to get excited and more engaged in learning a language, and the pronunciation examples in the game are a great help as well. Well worth considering as a supplemental learning tool.I would look forward to seeing a sequel come out that takes the same mechanics into a new environment to explore another set of words."
76561198126642341,Recommended,274980,32547094,Posted: 18 June,all,MintyFreshh,"Great game for learning some new vocabulary, if you're going to another country  I would recommend buying this or if you're learning a new language. However it doesn't teach grammar. It's a great learning game that you should give a shot."
76561198024792500,Recommended,274980,15426676,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,XorUnison,"Since the other reviews already encompassed the really important points I'll settle for the most important points:-This game ONLY teaches vocabulary, nouns, adjectives and verbs to be precise-It is REALLY good at teaching that vocabulary-It ONLY teaches you 420 words (as of now)That being said, as a tool to help with learning a language Influent is great. Having that basic vocabulary really helps with being able to learn the grammar of a given language.This is the kind of games were I'd love to see masses of DLCs, like being able to go out into the city, to the forest, to the beach... you know, all the places and all the words. I hope they throw out a Kickstarter for these DLCs or Influent 2 or something sometime."
,Not Recommended,274980,24039723,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,xCAKSx,a little place with very few ♥♥♥♥♥♥ vocabulary................... waste of money.........
,Recommended,274980,33167069,Posted: 2 July,all,gyoza boy,"I think this is a good supplementary tool in learning a language. I reckon it could be expanded to everyday things outside of someone's home but particularly for beginners, it's a good way to learn basic vocabulary as it mixes written, visual and audio to help you remember. I'm playing the Japanese version and I like how the pronunciations help me with phonetics as well. One downside I can say is that it provides you with synonyms of particular words but doesn't explain the difference between them (so I either have to look it up myself or personally ask my tutor, but that's a very minor issue for me)."
,Recommended,274980,9598455,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,hellkite,"Even though this software will not teach you any kind of grammar, it will help you increase the amount of word your have in your vocabulary. I wish there was more software like this especially for grammar."
,Recommended,274980,31095296,Posted: 12 April,all,EsekSchule,"easy and fun way to learn languages, although it'd be more fun if you could fly the jet in free mode"
76561198155937371,Recommended,274980,34390549,Posted: 21 August,all,Taylor_Tank,"I got this learning app / game a while back and although I am only nearing 3 hours of gameplay, I can say that for the price it is put at and the good attention to detail, this game is good for learning the language of your choice. The only issue i have with it is it can get boring after a while and so I think adding more to the map and even maybe an outdoor garden area would be great! Despite this I have been able to increase my knowlage of Japanese through this app and I would recomend it to someone starting off learning a new language as long as they have other sources to learn from (A text book)."
76561198175132381,Recommended,274980,21424916,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,MikoAkuma,"Takes me away from the books and classroom, but still lets me learn japanese in a more a fun and interactive way"
76561198220307725,Recommended,274980,35170657,Posted: 23 September,all,Owlnatural,"I've used multiple ways to learn languages but I really enjoy this game and being able to link an object bed/magazine/oven etc to the word I'm learning is so helpful. This game goes hand in hand with photographic memory learning. Standing in a room and remembering what you were looking at when you see the new word is great.  The music is pleasant and the objects in the apartment are nice to look at. The memory quiz is a simple way to drill the words into your memory. I hope we will be able to leave the apartment soon...I don't know if that's an option yet. I actually wanted to return to this game so it has held my interest. I like relaxing and exploring games so granted this doesn't really have any action to it, it is still relaxing and enjoyable for me. If you want to try out a different way of learning vocabulary for a language and want something thats more tuned for photographic memory, I would recommend this game. Back to playing :)."
76561198211735815,Recommended,274980,34960886,Posted: 14 September,all,ej1016712002,This game is awesome. I've learned everything I can from the Swedish pack but there needs to be updates with more areas than just the apartment. The park or a market would be nice or how about a simulated dinner date with a Swede where You have to have a conversation and fill in the blanks with the right word. Its a great idea for A game ... it just doesn't get You anywhere close to being able to cary on a conversation in that country. I still recommend it because it is a great starting point to learn a new language.
76561198233981596,Recommended,274980,35097222,Posted: 20 September,all,Emphazium,"Excellent, interesting and very well developped game, providing an efficient and funny way to enrich one's vocabulary. I hope they'll publish other DLCs with new languages. Of course the game could be perfected, especially when it comes to thesystem for learning verbs and adjectives, but I still recommend it !"
