user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198008129954,Recommended,274940,13319271,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,GRAYFOX,"Depth? more like heart attack simulator 2015. if the idea of you squealing like a girl, as a 20 ft 2 ton prehistoric killing machine thrashes you about as if you were its personal chew toy sounds like fun. then you're in luck! depth has such features as:* dark environments where divers suffer from lack of visibilty, sometimes you cant even see where your getting eaten from!* buildings to hide in! but they can be broken into, like they were built from lego that wall you camping infront of doesnt seem so safe now does it?* large open spaces! oh boy! nothing says ""terror and fear"" than a large open space which can occupy a shark in ANY DIRECTION* watching your friends get snatched in front of you and then being helpless to shoot back. great fun!* finally killing a shark*plundering gold plated nazi pistols because nazis were pimps. yo,*watching steve the robot struggle to get his fat♥♥♥♥♥back to the boatand finally you get to kill innocent little seals!!! what more could you want from a game 20/10 would buy again!!!"
,Recommended,274940,15228281,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,djschaum520,"It's like Evolve, except it's more entertaining and it costs significantly less money."
,Recommended,274940,16755507,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,dontdeadopeninside,"Fun...but... Game is hard.and slightly barebonesThis could be one of those MP games you invest a lot of time in. OR just another one to ""OOOH"" at for a few hours before you lose interest like always. That's a broad statement, I say it because this game has endless replayability without a ton of variety or incentive to invest so much time.  It will take a little bit to unlock everything but once youve used the first couple guns/upgrades and played the one single popular gamemode, you've experienced almost everything to offer.There arent any skins or nameplates, nothing for those mindless unlocks we all crave... However, that isnt anything to gripe about. in-fact, there's nearly nothing to complain about with this game. It just works, and its fun.It's a very unique and smooth experience. It has endless replayability because its an online MP of freaking sharks vs. divers deathmatch. Thats enough to give it a try imo.Being a shark feels almost like playing L4D as a special zombie in vs mode. And well, being a diver feels like youre going to need therapy if you ever want to go to the ocean again. It's incredibly fun on both sides, and a lot more enjoyable than id thought on the divers side.-Although there isnt a huge arsenal at your disposal and you will often play the same loadout through different matches, each gun feels unique and can be upgraded with poison, bleed, tracker, ect. The equipment(similarly limited and unique) also makes up for it.-There are about 9 or so maps and they all look really good and are fun to explore. A lot of detail was put into this games scenery. You wont often be off exploring, but you will be looking for treasure more and more as you get better, so it takes a while before a map loses its luster.Even tho the game is about sharks vs divers, the game mode is about treasure-hunting and it doesnt feel like that most of the time. There is no voice acting, or any events happening, the environment is all static and nothing really changes. All of the treasure you find is the same crap all painted gold, scattered around aimlessly. i just wish it was more..eventfulABOUT THE GAME:There is pretty much only 1 game mode..there is also another neglected one nobody plays-each team has a set amount of tickets(spawns/lives).-[4 divers] scour the map for loose treasure, whilest following a bot that travels around the map occasionally stopping to crack a safe.  You gather loot to gain money to buy/upgrade weapons/equipment.-[2 sharks] must hassle the divers as much as possible, trying to kill enough of them before time runs out and they end their treasure-hunt. You kill for points to upgrade your shark with perks.id give it 7/10 - good panic attack simplaying with friends would make this twice as fun."
76561198072444386,Recommended,274940,24661146,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Turbo,Love this game! The community is rather small but it's one of the Nicest and most Humble ones. Half the reason i love this game so much is because all the higher ranked people willing to Teach the new players! That's also how i was taught.
,Recommended,274940,34940010,Posted: 13 September,all,♥ Gia ♥,"Depth is quite an interesting asymmetrical combat game, because I can't think of a lot of games that let you play as a shark, let alone a shark against other players. The game gets updated frequently, but it's mostly skins and events. New maps and new sharks are a rare thing, but when it happens, man, it feels good.There are a few game modes in this. Blood and gold is the main one. 4 divers vs. 2 sharks. Simply put, 4 divers have to escort an underwater robot named S.T.E.V.E across a bunch of different maps mostly consisting of sunken man made structures and vehicles, like a sunken oil rig, an old galleon, a destroyed tanker ship, a downed WW2 bomber, and an underwater temple. Both teams have 30 lives (Respawns, pretty much). Run out of tickets and it's game over for your team. There are 4 safes littered around the map, and it takes a while for S.T.E.V.E to crack them open. After that, S.T.E.V.E heads back to the ship, and if it reaches it, the divers win. The alternative goal is to kill all sharks too.The sharks, on the other fin, must kill all divers. Simple enough. Don't let them get back to that boat in one piece. Either that, or destroy S.T.E.V.E completely with boops, but a competent diver team will not let that happen.There are two extra game modes, but I feel like people don't really bother with them anymore, because queue times are really long. Megalodon hunt, which is basically collecting gold to upgrade your weapons to kill a single huge shark, the megalodon, and another game mode that pits a bunch of divers against each other trying to protect S.T.E.V.E. with a single shark player wrecking havok. The shark here is a minor feature, it's mostly about diver on diver combat.Visually speaking, this game looks pretty gorgeous in my opinion. I specially like the option to add underwater fauna to the game, with fish and eels and other creatures swimming around peacefully. The visual effects and lightning effects are pretty good, too.This game went for the same lootbox approach that everybody is taking nowadays, it seems, expect that you can get some for free by doing daily quests (I've opened like 40, and I always get♥♥♥♥♥♥ except for one time), and the ones that you purchase in the store don't need a key, unlike say, CSGO and TF2 boxes. Weapon skins are meh for me, but shark skins are quite awesome sometimes.Now, while the experience is quite fun at first, it can quickly get frustrating to some after a few hours of gameplay. Let me explain why:Being an asymmetrical combat game, balancing can be quite an issue sometimes. Even the devs admit this, stating that lower level games are dominated by divers, mid level games by sharks, and high level games are slightly diver sided, according to their data. The game mostly revolves around picking a weapon or shark evolution, and when the enemy picks an evolution or weapon to counter yours, you pick a different one to counter their counter. For divers, it's all about collecting gold and purchasing upgrades for your weapons. For sharks, it's getting kills and picking skills like a talent tree. Divers are using toxic rounds? Don't worry, you can pick placoid scales to greatly counter the effect of the toxic rounds as a shark. Sharks are using blindside and fast, hard to hit sharks? Just pick a fast firing weapon and rounds that split once they are out of the gun, greatly increasing your chances to hit them. This counter counter picking is quite tense at times, but that being said, there ARE some evolutions and weapons that feel a tad more advantageous than others. I'M LOOKING AT YOU, VOLLEYJET, YOU PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥Another problem with the game, is that the community is small. With that being said, the skill gap is HUGE between players in this game. It seems like the only ones playing this game are complete newbies that just picked up the game, and high level players that got hundreds or thousands of hours in this game. It's quite easy to see a level 5 and a level 100 in the same match for example. And this is where it gets really, really frustrating. You can be a decent mid level shark facing a full team of level 100 diver♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥with a shark teammate that barely reaches 10 played games in total, and this can quickly ruin your mood. You can also pick up the game and get roflstomped all day by high level players all day that counterpick your picks, too. Pubstomping is rather common , and I've been on both sides of it. Fun when you are on the winning side, a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥when you are on the other side. And it seems like a lot of the community would rather stomp noobs all day rather than face high level players that can put up a fight. (Myself included, sometimes, haha)That being said, I personally recommend this game. It comes with the flaws of having a small but dedicated community, but if that doesn't bother you and you are willing to take the roflstomping like a man, get good and finally roflstomp yourself, then you're gonna have lots of fun with this one."
76561198166827219,Recommended,274940,15973798,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Sinopia,"I don't have 1000+ hours on this game for nothing.  Many people are scared away by an indie game at this price, but it is well worth it.  The developers are interactive with the community, supporting newcomers and making our suggestions real.  The only reason people quit this game is because they don't want to try to improve - and trust me, you can't expect to come from CS:GO and immediately think you're going to be the top♥♥♥♥♥♥  There's a lot more to it than that, and it's fun learning it all.  The game is very well made, always being updated/patched, and is addicting as hell.Happy hunting :)"
76561198050244846,Recommended,274940,34633546,Posted: 31 August,all,kampfer91,"Since i am just a noob who keep being eaten by Shark players , i will go with some shark facts .+ In Asia , people are more likely to die because of falling coconut rather than shark .+Only 5% of shark species are dangerous to human .+Shark can detect heart beat and quite attract to yellow color .+Shark , most of the case , are unlikely to eat people since we are bonny , but human eats shark because they are yummy . Btw , don't try to eat them , they are living tank of mercury....+Only 1 shark specie can camoflage , and that is not the tiger shark .+Sharks are needed to keep the octopus 's population in check , otherwise the octopus will eat all the lobster and make your girlfriend sad .+People most likely die due to drown during a shark attack , also blood loss too ,+People still♥♥♥♥♥♥♥themselves if they see a shark is coming for them ."
76561197992045016,Recommended,274940,13066272,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,noupperlobeman,"If you like asymetrical vs. games, you'll like this game.It doesn't stay as scary as your first match the whole time you play, but italways manages to be tense.Pros: Price is right. Divers and sharks are pretty well balanced. The gameis very unique in concept and is executed well.Cons: needs some more content. They either need to add a few more unlocks,or increase the rate at which you level. One unlock a level at the later levelsis a bit too slow."
,Recommended,274940,18245182,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,NavySEALCommand,"Depth is a game I have enjoyed greatly over the past few months, the game has a great concept and executes it extremely well. The core game mode, Blood and Gold, is a great gametype that will be 99% of the matches you play. The other two, Megalodon Hunt and Hide and Seek, are gametypes better suited for playing with a full lobby of friends in a private match. The game receives content updates roughly every month, and over the course of the game's history it has gotten a large amount of free content, such as new sharks, shark evolutions, weapons, weapon upgrades, and maps. The only DLC this game has is cosmetic skins, which while pleasant to look at, do not alter the in-game stats of any gun or shark equipped with it. Also the game looks and sounds incredibly nice, which coupled with how vital sound is to the game, makes for a very immersive experience.This is not a game that is incredibly easy to get good at, as the game has no skill compression, so you will need to dedicate time to the game to fully understand its mechanics. I would say you gain about 70-80% of your ability and game knowledge in the first 72 hours, obviously itll be less for some and more for others. However, you will need to dedicate far more time than that to reach the level of where the elite divers and sharks are right now, which is where the game becomes most fun.That does bring me to this games biggest fault. The size of this game's community is not very large, so it is likely as a new diver that you will be matched against very high level or potentially leaderboard players in your first couple of games. Nobody likes being overwhelmed like that early on in their experience of the game. Due to their knowledge of game mechanics that a new player will not understand, it will seem like they are cheating/hacking. They aren't. In my entire playtime I have yet to encounter a cheater, and there are players with far more playtime that still have yet to find one.Overall I would give Depth a 9/10. Everything in the game is done very well, and I have enjoyed all the time I have spent in-game. The only thing holding this game back is the population size. With a larger population size I think this game could really flourish, as it would allow new players to have a more enjoyable experience early on, leading them to play more and longer.TL:DR - Buy this game because sharks"
,Recommended,274940,26146331,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Codex,"I've been a shark addict since I was 4 years old, reading, watching documentaries, studying everything about sharks and everything about the sea.I love the ocean with a passion that I cannot describe in words, my dream was to be a Marine Biologist (didn't happen', my life aspiration is different) and in the future I see myself living in Hawaii, learning to surf and talk to fish.Now that that is out of my system.This game is super fun, specially when you are a shark and you just rip those invasive divers asunder.Disclaimer: You have higher chance of being hit by a lightning than to be a victim of shark attacks. We kill 100 million sharks a year from the shark fin trade and mass industrial fishing. We must be conscious of our part and their part. Sharks are vital to a healthy ecosystem and we must stop the killing. Do your part and make this known, specially if you life in coastal areas. Thank you for reading."
,Recommended,274940,13466739,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Steve,"This game is truly awesome. It's a solid experience that has a lot of love and care put into it. The controls are tight, graphics are beautiful, and it's terrifying as hell!"
,Recommended,274940,16070403,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,ϾФUP Ð'ΞTΛT,"Depth is a LOT of fun, especially with friends you know. I'm not the best at reviews but eh why not give it a shot?Pros:- Concept is great. Don't know why anyone else has thought of it.- Sharks have interesting perks that coincide with their type of shark- Graphics are incredible- The audio is realistic- The music can be generally pleasing- Good for friends and family alike- You can adjust the sensitivity of both diver AND shark- The game's updated frequently- Creates an always tense atmosphereCons:- Servers tend to lag occasionally- It takes SO much longer to find the servers in the most recent updates- My automatics don't do any damage at all to the sharks (even though it used to easily)- The music on the menu screen can get irritating after waiting for a game for so long- It takes less time to queue as a diver than it is for either or shark- It doesn't match you with your skill levels what-so-ever- Steam overlay lags- Menu chat lagsOther than that it's an exceptional game and I recommend it for anyone, as long as you don't have a fear of oceans and sharks you're all good heh."
76561198350779357,Recommended,274940,32040173,Posted: 29 May,all,DanielS,Heart Attack SimulatorYour more likely to die from a coconut then a shark in real life but it is the opposite in this game.
76561198308474635,Not Recommended,274940,32008395,Posted: 27 May,all,Martinez,"In my opinion this game is not worth its $20 price tag. It has less content than similarly priced games such as Rocket League, as well as a very small playerbase riddled with non-helpful, and non-hospitable veteran players. Before the most recent sale, the peak players in the past 30 days was 330. It is, and has been in a steady decline with the exception of sales and events bringing in players for a week or two.Credit to the devs where it's due, they add new skins every couple of months, and they have frequentish events. (However, the new event has been down for a couple days and was spotty before that with no official statement from the devs.) You can check the steam forums to see the reactions. Veterans defending the devs who can do no wrong, new players asking for answers, and being shut down by the veterans. Just another day at the office.I have over 300 hours in game. I know some people would be surprised that I would not recommend this game after spending so much of my time playing. When I first bought the game, it was on sale. I bought the 4 pack for my friends and myself. When I started playing the community was much bigger, but now I play against the same players almost every other game. Naturally my friends have quit playing. Tired of getting trash talked and stomped by players with several thousand games. The main problem here is the matchmaking (and the toxcicity).The devs claim there is a matchmaking system, but it cannot function with such a low player base. I am not so sure.  I took a few screenshots during the most recent sale, where the Peak players has spiked from 330 to 1500.For your viewing pleasureThis is what you, as a new player can expect.You, in your very first game can, and will be matched against players with several thousand games. They will absolutley destroy you with no mercy (after claiming on the forums they go easy no new players). You will think to yourself ""Oh wow that was unlucky. Kinda cool to see how good people are at this game! lets play another round!"" and then you will be matched against the same players who just destroyed you. I have seen this happen very frequently, the devs have not even made cushion room for new players. Immediatley you are put against the best of the best. Rinse and repeat every time you play, and every time you log on, until you lose the will to play. Nice use of $20.On the steam forums players claim the game has an incredibly high skill ceiling. I would disagree. There is no arguing that the top players are very skilled but the game itself is not inherently hard. I would argue this ""skill ceiling"" is actually experience. Experienced divers will spawn kill sharks. The game boasts random spawns, but in reality over time you can learn the probable spawns of the sharks. I have been killed several times by top players within seconds of spawning by a flurry of bullets from the darkness. I myself have learned some positions in which you can spawn kill sharks through experience.For transparency's sake I was actually banned for 24 hours because after getting 10 kills as shark. The premade team of level 100 divers against me started spawn killing me, so I swam around the open ocean for about two minutes to draw them out (which worked). They harrassed me, verbally abused me, and said they would get me banned for griefing because I tried a different strategy where they could not abuse the spawns. In less than a day I was banned. I was banned because I tried to change my strategy to avoid getting spawn killed. Let that sink in.In contrast, I have reported several veteran players for verbal abuse, harassment, etc. Surprise! They receive no reprecussions! Here are 2 quick examples for you:I reported a well known player for harassing me with group invites on steam after I went to the bathroom during the pregame lobby and was automatically booted by the afk system (it gives you less than one minute). He sent steam group invites to me saying "" get Rekt"" ""Mad cuz bad"" ""git gud"" Let me remind you I didn't even get a chance to play because the afk system kicked me for going pee before the game started. Naturally I take screenshots and send them to the devs (There is no ingame report function lol). ""This is not our problem, we can do nothing you can contact steam if you would like."" So according to Depth their veteran player I just encountered in their game harassing me because of their game is not their problem. Okay.I report a veteran player for calling me a Goblin n-word in multiple games. (I chose to vote for the goblin shark as the new shark.)  I send the devs the screenshots. No response. No reprecussions. In this same time period is when I was banned within 24 hours, as a result of those same matches, because of my ""griefing"".Unfortunately it has become quite apparent to me and several past and present players of the Depth community that the veteran players, the ones who have been around since the begininng can do no wrong.  ( Obviously not every veteran player is toxic, But the vast minority of them are receptive and helpful to new players. I know how this community loves to deal in absolutes) Vets will not be subject to punishment, their toxcicity will not be addressed and they will carry on until the game is utterly and completely dead. They drive new players away, they are in actuality the reason the game cannot retain players. No one wants to be verbally harassed and abused by veteran players on their team and the other team while getting absolutley demolished in game. I have personally seen a top 10 player verbally harass and torment his brand new teammate because he was struggling to kill players as the shark.The veteran players claim they are the reason this game is still alive, and the new players who leave matches against them are the cancer killing the game. The irony is palpable. People do not want to play with you because you are not fun to play with. Not because you are good, because you are toxic.Do not try to complain about the lack of matchmaking or the toxcicity of veteran players on the forums. You will be abused by the circlejerk that is the veteran community and their fanboy following.Do not try to complain or even ask if their are hackers in this game. You will be abused by the circlejerk that is the veteran community and their fanboy following. ""Git Gud""Why do I keep playing the game if i seem to dislike it so much?I have no idea. Honestly the game itself is fun, its not very buggy, its suspenseful, tactful, rewarding. The devs have created a great game. if you can ignore the veteran players verbally abusing you, stomping you, harassing you in game and in the forums, and you enjoy the game then sure, you are good to go. I still wouldn't buy it unless it was on sale though. Typically I just report the abuse and move on, but as it has become readily apparent that reporting players is useless, I probably won't even bother. I also abuse the mute button, and almost every game I play with and against people I have previously muted.I have thrown together a small pros and cons list here for those of you that need a TLDR:If you took the time to read thank you for your patiencePros:Free skin drops (both weapon and shark), the only requirement is to complete a match.Frequentish events and cosmetic additionsThe devs respond and include ideas for additions to the game on the forums.Cons:The $20 price tag is steep for what you actually get.The playerbase is too small for the ""matchmaking"" to work (in your first game you can play against a top 10 player) The best players almost always group together.The community is very toxic, and non-helpfulIf I edit this review it is solely for formatting corrections. The content of this review will not be altered."
76561197971200127,Recommended,274940,12765660,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Awesome!,"Pros and Cons(The ratio between pros and cons is irrelevant here)------------------------------+ Unique theme+ Polished+ Weapon/ability perks+ Mod support on roadmap+ Fun to play as shark+ Bot support------------------------------- Wasted opportunity with theme (read below for more on this)- Gameplay is too fast & arcadie- Some non-discriptive UI in the main menu- Unintuitive lobby system- No server browser- Skarks & Divers are fodder- Only 1 type of shark- Lacking content & horror------------------------------In Depth two teams consisting of divers (4 divers) and sharks (2 sharks) fight against each other. The objective for the divers is to secure treasure found at the bottom of the sea. To do this, S.T.E.V.E. -- a small and slow robot -- must drill into safes lost in wreckage. The sharks' job is to stop the divers by chewing their limbs off. Divers can swim incredibly fast using a dash/dodge movement, while sharks also have this movement abilty, and it's significantly faster than the diver's ability. All loot/weapons/abilities gathered in a round will be erased after that round is finished. Very much like Counter Strike's currency/gear system. Each team has reinforcement points, when your team's points deplete you can no longer respawn. If you do die and respawn as a diver, you'll be able to spawn on STEVE itself. Sharks will always spawn at the same initial position.  This usually means that the divers are always near STEVE. If STEVE is destroyed then it's game over. That's pretty much the entire game.Overall the game is good, but that's the problem I have with it - it could have been something truly great with gametypes that took advantage of the unique theme of the game because as it stands now... this is sorta just Call of Duty with sharks. I feel this is a wasted opportunity because the theme of the game is very unique, and deserves a gamemode that utilizes the terrifying aspects of sharks, but right now it's really just a game about depleting the opposing team's tickets.My biggest issue with the game is a huge lack of ""horror"". There is nothing frightening about the sharks; in fact, this game makes skarks less frightening (this is coming from someone who's so afraid of sharks I won't even go into the water, AND I LIVE ON THE BEACH).Unfortunately, there is very little depth in the game Depth, but know that despite this initial impression the future of Depth is looking bright with more content promised by the developers - including mod support.Please understand that I'm torn between recommending this game or not (I've been waiting for this game for almost 5 years so I'm a little biased). If you think the theme alone is not worth your money, then you might want to avoid this game."
,Recommended,274940,24606757,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,✘ﾉη,"Depth...It was love at first sight...This incredible underwater multiplayer-game did an awesome job in atmosphere, dynamic and innovation, there is no way I can stop getting fascinated how much/long I'm able to enjoy it.You can play 2 gamemodes on 12 maps with 6 different sharks or tons of diver-weapons, you are able to get awesome skindrops after every session and you can feel the atmosphere of a new freaking idea of developers, which actually really care about their game (including community-ideas ; Updates/Patches).The community is rather small and beginners wont have an easy time against the few veterans, but thats not a point for not buying it. You can't get good in a game without training/experience...it's the same with all mp's.Playing as shark feels really good, you have to play really carefully and tactical against experienced divers.Playing as diver giving you more heartattacks as so many ""horror-games"", you can choose different playstyles as well.It's 4 divers vs. 2 sharks ...well, first that seems pretty unbalanced, but it's definitly not! The win-chance is mostly 50:50.So what now? Do we have an awesome new and fresh game with beautiful design/grahics and great game-experience?Yes, we have!! In my opinion Depth is something you have to buy, I would do it again...again and again!...∞/10"
76561197966448459,Recommended,274940,12784727,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Gekko,"Having played Depth in Beta and followed the development for quite some time, I can happily say that this is one of the original titles of 2014, it is a game that is all about how you play and gamers who are big fans of survival, team play and horror should enjoy this title.Divers:Being deep in murky open water (or tropic depending on level) you will have little idea where and when an attack might happen and unlike Primal Carnage, run (swim) and gun won’t save you in a sharks natural environment. This often leads to tense or outright hilarious situations depending on yours and you’re team8s ability to stay in control, the diver team might hunker down in a shipwreck, stewing mines, sonar’s and flairs everywhere to fight of an attack that doesn’t happen... yet as soon as they move between two wrecks or caves half the team could be pulled away and eaten before they get to safety, this often leads to a complete breakdown in team-play as getting into the next wreck alive is more important than covering you’re team and ohh boy are big open spaces scary in the deep...Sharks:The initiative is in your corner, you choose how the game will play out and who will be eaten. With the array of evolution upgrades depending on how many divers you swallow you can either become faster, more intuitive or stronger. Going for the divers straight out of their Shark Cave or after they have been lulled into a false sense of security and just like the divers, team play can be essential between two sharks. Either by attacking at the same time from two different places (Smashing through a hull) or simply playing distraction while you’re fellow shark pulls out a diver whose team have their backs to him/her.There are a surprising amount of counters and abilities in the game that really allow players to supplement each others, one diver might tag a shark with a harpoon, the other could catch him with a net thus leaving the two reaming divers to riddle him with darts while he tries to get out.Or as shark, you might choose to take the hammerhead ability which allows you to disable the little robot that accompanies the divers (S.T.E.V.E) by ramming him in the open, this leaves the divers vulnerable between cover and in the deep. Which in turn can complete change the game as the desperately try to defend him they are snatched away one at the time in the best JAWS like fashion."
76561198046987081,Recommended,274940,13567852,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,DeepInMyTralala,"I highly recommand this game, super fun, well balanced, Devs pay attention about community and what they need to improve and add in the game.Join us ;)"
,Recommended,274940,12768646,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Frosty,Jawesome
76561198242716588,Recommended,274940,33681520,Posted: 20 July,all,Ritz,"Honestly..... I can't believe what I just playedDepth is a great game, I don't even wanna know what it's like for the divers.... I think they're scared... not scared, but TERRIFIED!Divers:The Divers' main goal is to collect as many gold as possible and escort S.T.E.V.E. - A robot that Stubbs paid a LOT of money for - back to the boat, but they need to have at least 1 diver remaining. The diver's gameplay is pretty terrifying. Ever dreamed of getting your legs ripped off by a killer shark? Play as the diver!Sharks:The Sharks have to kill the divers before they make it out alive, but this job isn't easy! The Divers have some high-tech gear that can keep the sharks at bay, well, sort of. Of course, there's not only 1 or 2 kinds of sharks to play as, there are 5 classes to choose from, for example: Makos, Great Whites, Bull sharks - Don't want to mistake it for the OTHER bull - , Tigers, Threshers, Hammerheads, and the Goblin! Well, the Goblin shark's in development....I forgot about something...... the Megalodon! Yes, they have a gamemode called ""Megalodon Hunt"", a player is chosen to play as the megalodon while the divers have to hunt down the megalodon to become the massive sharkMy final verdict is......9.6/10!"
,Recommended,274940,29313968,Posted: 17 January,all,Pan de Monium,This game deserves a bigger player base.
,Recommended,274940,20414945,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Uronacid,"This game is amazing. Most fustrating thing about this game is that I'm constantly told, ""nets are for f*gs"", I've repeatedly tried to catch a f**g*t, but all I'm catching is sharks. I'm so dissapointed. All of the players in this game keep telling me this. I keep using the net, and all I catch is sharks. :( Please help me catch a f**g*t."
,Recommended,274940,29308181,Posted: 16 January,all,Antigen,->plays as shark->bashes through wall into small room with 4 divers-> scream 'OHHHHH YEAAAAAHHHHH' into mic->eats all 4 divers11/10
,Recommended,274940,13024249,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,[FoxNull],"http://youtu.be/ZvCI-gNK_y4Depth is an interesting take on the asymmetrical shooter genre, pitting a team of 4 scuba divers up against 2 great white sharks in a race to see who will survive and who will check into davey jones' locker. The game primarily uses matchmaking to assemble teams, once ready the game will also ramdomly decide who's a shark, and who's a diver. From there the divers rely on teamwork to defend against the sharks while collecting treasure. The shark's primary role is to stop the divers from making it out alive, while avoiding bombs, bullets and other gadgets at the divers disposal. If you're as scared of sharks (in real life anyway) as i am, this game feeds off that fear by placing you in dark, murky water with low visibility putting you on constant alert as to where the sharks will strike from. On the flipside, if you happen to to be a shark using the internet, this game's got some scary human weapons as well. During internet play i never encountered any lag problems or performance issues, but the one main concern i had with Depth is that it seriously requires teams to work together, a single person screwing around can cost the entire team the match, and since teams are chosen at random, you never know what you're getting. It's still a very fun game if you can get a good team going though.[THE GOOD]+ Promotes teamwork+ Creepy atmosphere+ Gameplay is very fun+ Offline practice against bots+ JAWS anyone?[THE BAD]- Relies heavily on matchmaking- Not recommended for run & gun gamers- Can bevery frustratingat times- Not a large variety of maps or modes- Sometimes finding a match took a while[THE UGLY]Dumb players/trolls who either repeatedly split up and get picked off even though you constantly warn them to stay together, or players who wander around the map instead of helping.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BNsrK6P9QvI[BOTTOM LINE]It's a very fun game, though i personally think it should carry a $15 price tag instead of $20 due to a lack of modes or alternative content. A very fun game with friends, and a very fun game if you can get a good team going.Recommended 8/10"
,Recommended,274940,13688363,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Cr4zy,Pros: SharksCons: No lazor sharkz
,Recommended,274940,12845771,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Henriksen,"A really wellcrafted game overall. The atmosphere is fantastic, there's a decent variety in different weapons as a diver, and different ""evolutions"" as a shark. These different weapons/evolutions give the player the opportunity to play their own way and create their own playstyles. Right now, the game is very pollished and a lot of fun, both with random players and with friends.It's an asymmetric action game which means that the two opposing teams consist of different types of gameplay, where the Shark players (2 players pr. game) are playing an action brawler and the divers (4 pr. game) is playing a first person shooter.There are currently 5 maps but the developer is planning on releasing more, and also releasing an editor, giving the community the chance to make their own maps. Since the game just got released (November 3rd, 2014) there hasn't been much yet in the form of new content, but the dev will be rolling out new sharks, new diver equipment, new maps, the editor and even support for player run dedicated servers. I've played a variety of asymmetric action-focused games like Natural Selection 1/2 and I gotta say that Depth is the most balanced one yet. There will always be those that complain because they're having a hard time, but I've found the game to be extremely well-balanced.Graphics are decent and the atmosphere is brilliant. At times you'll feel like your playing an Alien game, you hear your heartbeat racing, you can hear a shark trying to bust through the roof and another shark on the other side of the wall that you have your back against! At times, this game is very tense and exhilarating!If you're an experienced FPS gamer you'll find yourself right at home as the diver, where the role of the shark might need some practice to get right. The learning curve is not all that steep and you'll quickly find youself killing sharks and eating divers in no time ;-) Easy to learn, hard to master.The community of the game is fantastic!! Everyone is very excited for the game and seem more than willing to help newcomers. I was having some issues in my first 2 games, and I wrote ""Damn this game is hard"" in the chat when the match was over. This other guy wrote ""add me"" and invited me to play with him and his friend. We played for about 3 hours and I got gradually better. Turns out the guy who asked me to add him was number 3 on the diver Leaderboard (He is now number 1). I was having some trouble with my Nvidia GPU so I had some frame rate issues, and this guy just sent me a link to a support page on the forums, and 2 minutes later the game was running smoothly at 50-60 fps on medium (my PC isn't much of a tank :D)Overall, the game is an 8/10. Well polished, pretty, atmospheric and exciting, however it's not filled with too much content yet, however I fully expect this to change with time. Really great game as it is and I can't wait to play it a lot more! ;)"
76561198156708815,Recommended,274940,30673882,Posted: 22 March,all,Masterbae,The good:-Small but active community-High skill cap-Frequent free updates-Hackers are very rare-Most sharks are grill-You can buy it right nowThe bad:-No :feeling: emote(fixed)-No goblin shark(fixed ...)-My skin drops-Matchmaking likes Russian teammates
,Recommended,274940,13515823,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Space Jaws,I just harpooned a 400+ ping Great White.I've never felt so alive!
,Recommended,274940,13464812,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,◈TigreDeMarijuana︻デ┳═,Fish are friends. Humans are FOOD.10/10
76561198166771313,Recommended,274940,25001409,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,dstreet319,"One of the best multiplayer games I have played in recent years that is very VERY underated...Depth is sharks vs. divers with 2 game modes. One mode has the divers gather treasure which can be used to purchase weapons, attachments, and eguipment to combat 2 shark players. The sharks have different species you can play as, each have their own unique abilities and you can upgrade them by killing the divers to get evolution points. You may realize that this game seems similar to how Evolve is and honestly this is a much better game than Evovle. When you play as divers you have a very small draw distance so its really hard to see the enemy sharks. Therefore it adds a lot of tension since you don't know when the sharks will pop out of nowhere which makes this a very unique mult. game.The 2nd mode involves 6 players trying to kill the Megalodon to become that shark and kill the other divers to win the game. It may not be as much depth than the other mode but its still a lot of fun to play.The developers have been very active with the community by adding maps, skins, and more sharks which tells you this game gets more support than other mult. only games.Conclusion: This is a really fun and unique mult. game that I wish a lot of people would be playing it. Ya its only 2 game modes (really everybody plays 1 until there is a sale for this game more people are playing) but they are really good game modes that you get a lot of replay value out of this game. And with the Anniversary edition it is worth the full price, I promise you!Rating: 10/10"
76561198077102047,Recommended,274940,12797249,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Steak and Potatoes,"My morning started sharp, coffee, whiskey and a slap on the♥♥♥♥♥♥from a good mate as we jump ship on a new day aboard the Orca.  Missions simple the C*nt says dive in, get rich, pay cheap. He convinced me friends on steam to join aswell so we suit up and head top side whilst our boaI floats next to a off shore oil rig a blaze.  Disregarding this ecological disaster we dive in looking to make 100 quid in the murky some how prisitne depths below.  WHilst diving in a shark cage we are introduced to S.T.E.V.E. a Unmanned, Underwater, Vehicle .  His mission is simple do eveything he could accomplish by himself only accompanied by a few blind swimmers getting paid minimum wage, who will ultimately lose everything earned topside.  S.T.E.V.E.  pisses off and we are♥♥♥♥♥♥deep chasing him through an underwater museum.  Things could be worse I imagined whilst diving unil I hear a faint hert beat.  I  wiped me goggles as my fellow divers God, SmashT and Insaniac were laid to rest in a watery collage of blood and neoprene.  A sonar system which costs my family food for a week seems to be the best way to ascertain what is happening.   I place my beacon of hope and arm myself with an underwater side arm.  S.T.E.V.E. with his fecks meter set to 0 keeps pecking away fully aware he would be fine in these waters with no assistance.  I patiently wait until my beacon alarms a large creature several meters in length.  Its general shape is of a white but I quickly learn all standrads have changed since 6 minutes prior to me jumping in the non oil ridden waters. The whites have learned everything beyond biological rule and have managed to reverse away from my beacon.   Realizing these are no ordinary whites I attempt to warn my fellow swimmers who have been healed by poseidon himself strictly to finish our job of grabbing 40 quid's worth of crowns off the sea floor.  My warning falls on deaf ears as I once again see the collage complimented by screaming bubbles.  I brand forward in an attempt to follow S.T.E.V.E. at which point my legs are ripped from me and feed to the kelp.16/10 Would swim again."
76561198196007822,Recommended,274940,16895441,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Enti,"Absolutely love this game and it has a great ""one more game"" charm about it. Simple good fun, what gaming is all about in my opion."
,Recommended,274940,12785483,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,MiG-21bis Fishbed-L,"This game is absolutely bad♥♥♥♥♥It's tense, fast, and an absolute blast to play.The premise is simple enough: Divers escort a ROV around that collects large caches of treasure that infuse you with cash to buy weapons and gear. You can pick up other treasure laying around the place to supplement this income and get better unlocks faster. Sharks kill divers, get points, and pick evolutions to enhance thier latent abilities. This sets up the game for a frantic and tense experience: Divers are constantly tempted to go pick up treasure, get greedy, and set themselves up to be mauled. A heartbeat indicates how close the sharks are. Sharks need to examine the map and find ways in and out of an area. While it may be tempting to zip in and out to get a diver, you run the risk of getting tore up by their buddies since you don't instantly kill upon contact. It can take about a second to kill a diver and that's plenty to finish you off, especially end game when the divers have automatic weapons and harpoons. Once you do get a kill, however, you'll always end up taking damage. Hunt down a seal and eat it to regain health.So, in a nut shell:Divers stick together and keep alert of your surroundings.Sharks look for exits so you can drive in, grab a diver, and power your way out to kill them. Also, bust down as many walls as you can.In conclusion, this game let me cut a diver in half with my pectoral fin, 11/10."
76561197990029262,Not Recommended,274940,32172492,Posted: 4 June,all,Licious-D K&D,"The game is good and more or less is exactly what you'd imagine in an asymmetric multiplayer game with the two sides being dives and sharks.The reasons why I could not recommend this game is twofold:1. BalancingThe game does have rather severe balancing issues. I am not going into detail, but with every update that introduced more and more gear for the divers, the odds stacked more and more against sharks. Sharks do lack flexibility to react to changing gears on sides of the divers, since you cannot change your type of shark mid-game and the only way to upgrade your shark is by killing divers, whereas the divers can react to the shark types and their skills by buying a vast array of different items against most of which you are completely powereless as a shark. A well organized team of 4 divers will ALWAYS be able to outplay two sharks. It also doesn't help that the game's community is abysmally small and you will more often than not be matched against a team of divers that heavily outlevel you - and getting stomped will give you zero personal experience on how to improve. This leads my to my second point, which is arguably the most prominent reason you should stay away from this game:2. The communityNo matter how I'd put it, no words can do justice how ATROCIOUSLY TOXIC this game's community is. It is really unbelievable, imagine the infamous ""saltyness"" of LoL or DOTA 2, combine it with rage potential from other asymmetric versus games like L4D and multiply it by cancer tenfold over. No one in this game will help you, you will be mocked, you will be stomped, you will be ridiculed and shut down if you even DARE to complain about it. Oh, and there are also cheaters. Not as many as you'd assume, because to be honest, there are players out there who are really, really good and will be able to harpoon you from the other side of the map just because you are making one sound too many as sharks, but given the small community present in this game, you will run into the occasional aimbot every so often.tl;dr: Game is solid and fun (for the most part), community is CANCER."
,Recommended,274940,22541209,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,reier,"(I'm level 73 or so at the time of this review.)Recommended - just barely. Don't get me wrong, it's a great game, but it has a fatal flaw. The matchmaking puts people who are playing their first match against those who have 4000 under their belt. Get it on sale, both for the price and because you will play with other newbies. It's a much better experience.Pros: Dependence on teamwork is key. If you enjoy L4D or the like odds are you will have a fun time with Depth.Lots of variety in loadout options. This goes for the shark and diver teams. Both have a wide variety of perks/weapons that they can utilize and are to a degree adaptable to the opponent's loadout.Gameplay variety too. The shark gameplay is a 3rd person beatemup type deal. The diver is a more traditional FPS with a heavy emphasis on sound and subtle motion detection.Great atmosphereIt's just fun. Depth is a solid game in most aspects. I've played it for a while now and I still quite enjoy it.Cons:Snowballing effect is pretty disgusting sometimes. This especially goes for the sharks. If you let them kill you a ton at the beginning you've basically already lost.Small player base. I really hope this game survives, but the player base is currently quite small. Thankfully, the addition of CSGO-type skins seems to be helping the player base quantity compared to before.One game mode. Technically there's more but you only ever play one. It is a very good one, but this may turn off some people.Let me get to the big one. Wildly varying matchmaking quality. Sometimes it pits evenly skilled players against each other, but often one team is leagues beyond the other in terms of skill. Generally the shark team is better, as many higher level players lean towards shark. I sort of know why they do this as the player base is not that big, but something needs to be done about this issue. Badly. I can just BARELY recommend getting this game because the issue is so bad. I cannot tell you how many times I've seen poor level 1s fighting level 100s, inevitably getting annihilated, and quitting the game. And then the 100s blame them. Like, no? There NEEDS to be a system in place that puts the newbs and pros in different categories for matches. It will help the game survive. It doesn't help that many of the 100s are jerks either.Overall, it's a very fun game that I do recommend. I'd say it's just shy of being worth $20, but I'd definitely give it a shot if it goes on sale. Just prepare for frustration when its horrible matchmaking system gives you the shaft many a time."
76561197968356605,Recommended,274940,12834832,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Grift3r,"Do you not dive because you think that around every corner there may be sharks waiting to kill you and everyone you know? Then this is the game for you! Not only is this the most realistic diving simulator known to man, it has team play! Thats right. Screw those other diving simulators with pretty fish and coral. We know whats really in that water. Soulless machines of death, also known as sharks. Buy this today, because you never know when sharks will learn to breath air, and hunt you on land. PLAY IT BEFORE ITS TO LATE!"
,Not Recommended,274940,15476565,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Grave,"I cannot suggest this game anymore. I haven't played it in a long time for the main reason that the community is slowly becoming like Chivalry's. It defends it's known populace and has shrunk so much that if you are a new player, you have to REALLY want to be good at it and stick with it. Because you'll get destroyed a lot.It's reached a point now where people know all the spawns as a diver and will hunt the sharks openly with explosives, pinning them to the spawn and murdering them since the spawn is a fixed location. So that is half the game's luster gone right off the bat.There was a time when I would have sung this game's praises, but now? No. The community just tells you to ""Find a group of skilled people"". So, if that is your drive and goal, go for it. I just want to play a game from time to time, but the sheer level to which the tryhards have risen the entry bar is no longer worth the effort for me.Maybe it will be for you."
76561198104182934,Recommended,274940,12870349,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Jack of Fools,"So... This game is by far my favorite Steam purchase. Buying it is like buying two separate games, because the feel of playing as a diver is completely different than the feel of playing as a shark. I'm going to review both sides, but first a little overview.Depth's goal for the divers is to collect all the treasure and escape. The sharks' goal is not to allow that. Both teams can win by depleting the other team's respawn tickets and killing the last enemies, however the divers also win if S.T.E.V.E. makes it out. S.T.E.V.E. is a remote controlled submersible that goes to four safes on the map, spends time opening each safe and after opening all four, heads back to the ship. The sharks can slow him down by ramming him, causing him to reboot, but they cannot destroy him (from what I have seen). Anyways, S.T.E.V.E. starts opening safes very far from the shark spawn point, but moves closer with each safe, meaning that the shark attacks will get more frequent. He also distrubutes gold from every safe he opens amongst the team, allowing even the struggling members to upgrade their arsenal. Now, on to the divers.Being a diver is terrifying early, and just scary later. Early on you start with enough money for a small pistol and a few consumables. The pistol does not feel effective, and every time the heartbeat that signals a sharks approach sounds off, there is a real fear. You frantically look from dark spot to dark spot, searching for that torpedo with teeth you know is out there. Every noise causes you to jitter as you grab some golden treasure and fling it at S.T.E.V.E. You hear a thump, and smoke comes from the ceiling. As you look up, a shark swoops from one of the windows and you are enveloped in a gaping maw, stabbing wildly as the shark before perishing. You spawn again, with a better weapon, and follow S.T.E.V.E. to the next safe. En route, a diver in front of you is snatched by a grey blur. You hear him scream and gurgle as you lose sight of both of them, firing off a tracer round that hits and tracks the shark for a few moments. An overzealous teammate chases, firing for revenge when the other two thousand pound slams into him from behind. You don't bother looking, and quickly search for more gold while you wait for that sickening crunch. You lay traps for the fishy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s this time. Finding a corner, you wait. An explosion sounds in the hallway, and pieces of shark flesh fill it. You smile, then twitch and fire a spear and impale the shark that just snatched a teammate. He climbs from the sharks maw and looks at you. You think it's a look of gratitude, and then some teeth promptly tear your legs off. S.T.E.V.E. advances. The sharks are attacking faster now. But you have guns. S.T.E.V.E. is ready to begin the long voyage back to the boat, so you begin. Sonar buoys alert you to one shark's presence. Your team quickly turns and fills it with lead and steel, but the other shark swoops in and snags an ally, slamming into S.T.E.V.E. as he goes. You protect him while he reboots, losing another diver but trading for a shark. Respawns are gone on both sides. You and three-AIEIIIIEEEEE- two divers against two fearsome beasts. You make it back to the cage and turn around just in time to see another ally eaten. Your last ally places a sea mine and stands out in the open. A blur darts in and then the ocean is mixed with shark and human bits. S.T.E.V.E. stops. Rocked by a mass of fins and teeth. The shark knows you can't leave without your gold. You have to leave the cage. You venture out. The heartbeat is there, but the ocean is so dark. You see a shadow. Turn, fire the harpoon! It's not enough. You're in the mouth, stabbing wildly again and again and again.. and again. The creature died with you in it's mouth. Extricating yourself, you head skyward. All the treasure. Yours.Now, fun story non-withstanding, the game is pretty balanced. As I mentioned earlier, you start off with very little cash. Even without doing much treasure collecting, you have enough for a better arsenal after one safe. The sharks are very strong, but if your team is playing and moving tactically, the sharks will have few opportunities for clean attacks. That's the key though. Even mispositioning for an instant can lead to a free death. If you swim through an attack coridor where you can be grabbed and quickly pulled out of the room, it can cost you. It often does. Later on, after about the third safe, the game becomes more about who sees the other one first. And the sharks can see in the dark. It gets hard, but some quick reactions can make or break your team. Now, the tickets are balanced almost perfectly so both sides are running low by the time the trek back starts. In my 40 or so games only 3 or 4 have ended before the last safe. The trek to the boat is one of the most fun experiences in each map. The divers have to swim in open water, so the sharks really get a feeding frenzy, but the divers have weapons that kill quicker than the sharks can now. It's a real rush, and an excellent way to end each match. However, the game does slightly favor the sharks overall, and understandably so. They are the ones in their element. This actually makes it more rewarding to win as a diver though, as it makes each victory feel like a real accomplishment. Now, as a shark..You hear their heartbeats. You know where these invaders are. There is nowhere they can hide. There is nowhere you cannot go. You will destroy them and their mechanized companion. You sense three of them crowded in one cave. But a fourth is out on the reef, looking for something. He is looking for the wrong thing. There is a shriek that you shake to silence. You sustained minor knife injuries. A seal makes another squeak as you swallow it and feel revitalized. The divers think they are safe together. They are wrong. Another shark surges into the room, lunging for them. You follow and repeat. Devouring one, another is halfway down your gullet when you are overwhelmed. They will pay. You are stronger this time. Faster. They have moved to a more open area. You lunge again, but this time some infernal thing entangles you. Spears pierce you and quickly end you. You will be sneakier this time. A diver swims over a trench. Crunch. Another moves to set a trap in a doorway. It dispappears down your throat with him, unarmed. Your ally bursts through a wall into their safe room, the smoke obscuring you both. But not the intruders. They are tasty now. You sense there are not many allies left. But the intruders are leaving. None will live to tell this tale. You can feel them quake. A flick of your tail and you disappear into the darkness with a screamer. Your ally is not as quick. His teeth slice through a diver seconds before a harpoon enters his skull. There are two divers. That is not enough. You pick up speed and snatch one right in front of the other to inflict maximum fear. You feel a sting. You are wounded. The creature is close to escaping. There are no seals. You will not allow them to live. Moving in the darkness you wait. He moves towards his safety cage. He is almost inside and then you hit him. He stabs you once. Twice. Then the resistance is gone. You have destroyed the intruders. They will not come again.The sharks are excellent. You feel powerful when playing a shark. From the very beginning, you feel in control. There are excellent perks to help ensure that as the divers get stronger, you do too. However, unlike the divers, you don't passively gain any evolution points. You earn them through slaughter or you get nothing. I mentioned earlier that the game is slightly in favor of the sharks. It is, mostly because they sharks can succeed with less teamwork than the divers need. However, the destructible envirionment allows for some neat tricks. I've actually almost run out of space. But this game is amazing. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,274940,21115354,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,SharkRaptor,"I normally don't write reviews for games (This is actually my first review I've written), but I believe that this game deserves one.  I've been playing ever since it came out, in fact before it even came out; Pre ordered and got to play in the Beta!The game is simple when it comes down to it, there are 4 divers and 2 sharks that are matched in the water together.  The divers try to get treasure in order to get money and buy new and better weapons as the match goes on, better defending themselves as they try to survive.  You can even lay down mines and watch a great white shark blow up into a million pieces in front of you!As for playing as sharks, you can choose from 6 different sharks, all with different very unique and optomized skills.  The six being the Great White, Hammerhead, Thresher, Mako, Bull, and Tiger shark.  Your mission is simple; Eat all the divers and relent your force upon them!There is also a second game mode called Megalodon Hunt, which I find doesn't get as much love as it should.  Everyone's a diver except for one (5 v 1), the one being the Megalodon.  When you kill the megalodon, you become it and you try to kill as many divers as you can.  Rince and repeat!  Lots of fun with friends.This game does include skins, but it's not a cash grab, you definitely don't need them as you can play as all the playable sharks anyways.  I will admit they're beautiful though, and definitely worth it to pick them up when the game is on sale!All in all, I give the game an honest 10/10, sure there isn't much to do as it's the same thing over and over, but it's so much fun that it never gets old (At least for me.)  The gameplay is fluent and feels right, and is just arcadey enough to keep you satisfied.The game is lots of fun to play and seems to never get tiring, but the best part in my experience is the community.  Of course there are a few rotten people every now and then, but I constantly and consistently meet new people in every match whom are so much fun to talk to and make the game even greater.  Depth honestly has the best community out of all other games in my opinion, everyone seems to be very open minded and nice!All in all, I highly reccomend this game; everything is amazing about it!"
,Recommended,274940,33438582,Posted: 10 July,all,Cowbarn,"Depth is truly a diamond among coal. I started playing depth years ago, but I didn't convince friends to get it until it went on sale for $5. They now love it and we play it a lot. After having this game for a while, here are my Pros and Cons!Pros:1. Almost completely balanced2. Good community for the most part3. Unique experience from your average shooter. The weird angles and floating mechanics can add some interesting moments and makes the gameplay very dynamic.4. Updated Frequently (not like every week, but more often than not)Cons:1. Certain levels are imbalanced towards divers, who already have it easier than the sharks.2. Small community can make it hard to find matches occasionally. (This has only been at strange hours in the morning and other rare occasions. Normally I don't wait more than a minute or two)3. Team composition can be a challenge with stubborn players, just like any other game4. For the sharks to win, you either both have to be really good, have one shark that is GOD-TIER, or have communication via VOIP, which is rare for the randos in the game.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------OVERALL: I LOVE LOVE LOVE this game! It is very fun and I highly reccomend it. I would wait for a sale, because personally, this game is worth $10, not $20. But if it goes to $10 or below, grab it! Make sure you can convince some friends too, and if you find me in game, friend me! I'm always down to play some depth! -- Cowbarn"
,Recommended,274940,13483276,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Ayyds,10/10 Got eaten11/10 Ate someone
,Recommended,274940,28109426,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Ornery Acorn,"I'm absolutely terrified of sharks. The first time I played this with friends, they made me play as a diver, and just savaged me with great whites. I actually started crying. Like full on bawling my eyes out, having an anxiety attack. The sharks are too real, mang. The fear and panic aside, this game is fantastic. I highly recommend this game if you're looking for lots of laughter (and potentially screaming and crying)."
,Recommended,274940,12797758,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Rapter #MAGA,"As a man who sexually identifies as a shark, I found this game to be very stereotypical.Sharks doNOTonly eat sleals.Sharks doNOTdestroy ancient ruins.Sharks doNOTrun on energy.The developers really messed up, i hope they fix all of these filthy stereotypes in Depths 2: Even Deeper"
,Recommended,274940,12864687,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Kobayashi Maru,"This one really caught me by surprise.  When I heard of a game about sharks vs humans, I thought to myself “that sounds stupid…  it’s just going to be a bad Left 4 Dead knockoff…”.  Never have I been more happy to be more wrong in my entire life.  Not only is this a well crafted first-person shooter.  This is right up there with Nosgoth as one of the best asymmetrical shooters I’ve played.Depth is a 4 vs 2 underwater shooter with a team of 4 divers taking on 2 shark players.  The divers play in first-person, and the sharks play in third-person.  The goal of the divers is to collect treasure from the ocean floor and give it to their robotic companion S.T.E.V.E., who is on the move quite often and prevents the divers from constantly camping in a single area.  Collecting the treasure has the purpose of giving each diver cash in which they can purchase better weapons before they respawn, as you only start with a pistol at the beginning.  Sharks, on the other hand, have to rely on kills for their upgrades; as each kill gives you an evolution point that you can spend in the evolution menu before you respawn.  Such evolutions include enhanced diver detection, tougher skin, regenerating health, longer speed boost, etc.Playing as the humans is not too far off from standard first-person shooters, but the underwater combat gives it a an interesting uniqueness that separates it from the rest.  You can move in any direction and the movement feels natural.  Unlike some underwater sections of other shooters, the water doesn’t feel inhibiting and you can definitely put up a good fight once you get the hang of it.  Also, because you are underwater, all you projectiles have travel time.  They are by no means slow, but you will often have to lead the sharks slightly to land your hits.Playing as the sharks is where this game really gets interesting.  It feels like playing a living torpedo with teeth on the end of it.  The sharks are extremely fast and stealthy, with only a heartbeat sound effect playing for the humans when a shark is close.  Grabs are extremely satisfying as you can boost into a room, grab a human, and leave with them, all within the space of a second.  The shark also has what I like to call the “shred” mechanic.  When you grab a human, you shake the mouse wildly to mimic the shaking of the head sharks do to shred their prey.  I don’t often say things like this, but whomever thought of adding this mechanic is a genius.  This makes attacks so much more satisfying, and really gets you immersed as playing the shark.As I’ve said before, no game is perfect, and this game’s main issue is the content is a little on the light side.  It’s by no means minimal, but there is only one game mode, albeit a very good one, and 5 maps.  This can cause things to get slightly repetitive in long stretches of play, but if you play in hour or so stretches, it’s not really an issue.  The developer has announced mod tools for the game in the near future, so the map issue will likely become a non-issue once those are released.This game is a fantastic experience, and a huge recommendation for anyone who has Steam.  Depth a great example of a simple idea and a developer wanting to make that experience as fun as possible.  Bravo developers, your passion is certainly felt in the final product.  So get to chomping on those divers, and keep on gaming!"
76561197960572813,Recommended,274940,29238758,Posted: 13 January,all,Catherine the Great White,"Oh heck, how have I not reviewed this after almost 3,000 hours played? This is shork game. 10/10 would 3000 hours again.P.S. I like Potatoes"
,Recommended,274940,12797564,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Edicius,Sharks and Robbers. It's amazing.
,Recommended,274940,20391530,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Manchester VLG,Never before have I ever heard so much whining and saltiness from people in a competitive game... And I have never took as much pleasure as I do now from hearing it.10/10
,Recommended,274940,28430523,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Maridasch,"very fun game to play. there are a variety of different sharks to choose from and each one has it's pros and cons for every map. timing and strategy is key to this game. some say the divers are overpowered, some say sharks are, but in the end it's really about how you play and teamwork. graphics are pretty great as well, as well as the different skins for the sharks. however, i will say that if you're easily frustrated or raged, probably don't get this game then. the game is challenging and that's what makes it fun. i would recommend this game if you're up for a big challenge. c:"
,Recommended,274940,31753694,Posted: 14 May,all,TheZipNip (Mr. Bacon),"Bought this game on a sale and have had a blast everytime I paly it.Something is alaways great about swimming around in dark waters waiting for your enemy shark to show up in your face and try to eat your face off.The wepon selection is very small but it doesn't stop the game from being fun. With every wepon having perks to add on and change due to the situation at hand, it can get fun fast.The maps are very ncie and diffrent once you dive in, (literally) dark dark maps that make flares imperative, bright lit maps that make having tracking a must, alot of turns and corners in some that make splitting up the downfall of your team. It keeps ther game interesting on how everyone plays.I would say get the game on sale or not. I have fun everytime I play it and can make my nights after work great to sit down and chop someones face off or killing the great white!9/10 would buy again.I only wish it had larger groups, (10 divers vs 4 or 5 sharks) or larger scale dives to keep people going in a game more."
,Recommended,274940,33401688,Posted: 9 July,all,𝒲𝒜𝒩𝒩𝒜𝐵𝐸,Choose shark you lose.Choose divers you lose.10 losses/999
,Recommended,274940,20463439,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,[Aussie Hero] Bind Brisken,1. Bought Depth2. Install Depth3. Launch Depth and get in a Game4. Get my loadout and ready up5. Look around for treasure6. Get jumpscared and torn apart by a shark7. Fall off your chair and break your wrist10/10 would break my wrist again
76561198090227095,Recommended,274940,25004276,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Bob Ross,"This game is probably my favourite purchase on Steam. A great mixture between FPS, Strategy and Horror, Depth is a great game to play with friends or solo. The atmosphere of the game is great, with the enviornments and gameplay making you feel alone in the vast ocean which is actually really terrifying, especially when your heartbeat picks up when you have no idea where the shark is. Definetely a game to play with headphones in."
76561198019623419,Recommended,274940,23653768,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Kregna,"Great game!! Divers and sharks are equally fun, feels very balanced. Occassionally I'll come up against a team of pro divers with thousands of games played where it feels like its genuinely unbeatable but I have only 100 games played for divers and 100 for sharks, so its possible I'm wrongSeriously, get this game. It is brilliant"
,Recommended,274940,28820813,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Colonel_47,"One of the best assymetrical games out there, if you are reading this during a sale get it now, it's super tense and fun and the developers deserve all the support they can get for making such an enjoyable game. I give it my highest recommendation."
,Recommended,274940,33152235,Posted: 2 July,all,Loovoo,"Very, very, fun multiplayer shooter. It offers very good looking underwater environments and awesome and inventive gameplay. It can be tough on newcomers however it is still worth a buy."
,Recommended,274940,33435320,Posted: 10 July,all,Ezekial  🐸,"This game is so much better than I expected. I think I have put over 13 hours into it now, and I am still having a lot of fun."
,Recommended,274940,25835823,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,ʁɚdaɳʞᵘɭ☮ᵘᶳ,Left 4 Dead with sharks! I though I would play this game for 30 minutes and be bored...but I was wrong.
76561198037334286,Recommended,274940,12860045,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,maximus,"overall great game, love when you see a shark charging at you out of the darkness, brings a nice scare facter because you never see him comming until last minute. teamwork is a must as both diver and shark, as diver you cant just swim around anywhere collecting gold. You acually have to stick together and protect each other; if not you will become easy prey especially out in the open. As a shark, if your playing against smart divers that stick together its extremly hard to get a kill when working by yourself, especially when they are indoors. however working together as shark, its always good to come from two different angles or even have your shark buddy just hit the walls to distract the divers while you sneek in behind them.Problems with the game.well i have done everything i could think of to boost proformance, cleared temp files, uninstaled unwanted programs, ended tasks in task manager, put all game settings to low or even turned the ones i could off to maximize fps. while in the game as shark i dont have any problems swimming around, however when i get close to the divers and start attacking them i get a little skippy. fps is around 10-15, and playing diver is really hard; i just spray and prey until i hit one of them because the game gets kinda skippy. so its a really good game but you need a pretty good graphics card. i have a toshiba satillite c875-s7303, around $550-600 laptop and still graphics card isnt good enouph."
,Recommended,274940,12933468,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Sheen,Shark Simulator 2014 bonus packed with Diving Simulator 2014Great 2 for 1 deal.
76561198117394110,Recommended,274940,13023471,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Smullo,"After playing a few hours of this game I feel like I'm ready to write a review.The basic principle of the game is Sharks vs. Divers (2 vs. 4) in which the Divers have to follow a slow moving robot called 'S.T.E.V.E' who will lead the players through an underwater ruin/cave system and crack open bountiful safes full of treasure along the way. It is the job of the Divers to protect your robotic companion from, you've guessed it, the other players who are the hungry Sharks.Now I was surprised by how well put together the controls were as both the movement of the Divers and Sharks and all the animations are fluid and realistic. Everything feels responsive and how it should, which is a good thing in a game were it can take less than a couple of seconds to end up in the stomach of a great white. The levels are very atmospheric and each has it's own ambiance and 'vibe' and can be easily differentiated from one another, though there are only 5 maps in total right now which is a shame. The graphics are also polished to, and some levels do look simply gorgeous.The gameplay works well, though it feels some maps favour the Divers and others favour Sharks slightly more, but with that said I have won and lost on all the maps so the essence of balance has obviously been carefully considered by the developers, and the game also requires an element of skill to play. No side is more powerful than the other which is what I was praying for when I installed the game. The sharks have their pros and cons, as do the divers, and both have special abilties/weapons they can upgrade with a points/monetary system. Divers build cash by collecting treasure and safely deopisiting it in S.T.E.V.E and Sharks gain points by gaining and chaining kills together.Overall the game is extremely fun and is nothing like anything out there on the market. It is the best ""Jaws"" game I have ever had the pleasure to play and it's a good thing to see developers managing to bring unique ideas to fruition. There is a lack of content with only one game mode and only 5 maps, which does feel steep for the price but I hope in time that there may be free updates or some reasonably priced DLC.It is hard to explain what genre this game is though... at times it's an action game, and then it also feels like a horror game, which is rare considering it's multiplayer only (that, and the setting and game mechanics make this title stand out to me). All-in-all, it's definitely worth a buy."
,Not Recommended,274940,12816992,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Hadji (No Food),"Okay so it PAINS me to do this, but I have to give this game a bad review. I love the game, It's awesome just on concept alone. But for a game with ""Depth"" in the title, this game has very little depth itself.There is no single player option, other than offline with bots, and that's okay... Unreal Tournament did something similar and it really worked for them. The main problem I have with this game is that there just isn't enough.The weaponry and perks are awesome, but there's only one game mode and it's basically a deathmatch while you wait for S.T.E.V.E. to do his thing. Honestly if the dev could just add a couple game modes, this game would be excellent. There aren't too many weapons either, but realistically I guess there wouldn't be. Also there are only 3 character models for the divers and there are 4 divers... so two divers reuse the same skin.So as the game stands right now, I just can't give it a good review. Is it awesome? Yes, but it lacks replay value. The goal is ALWAYS the same. With a couple of new game modes, this game would be incredible.Update: They added a new game mode! This is the first step towards becoming an awesome game! Megalodon Hunt is a new game mode in which 5 players take on one huge shark. Sadly there are still only 3 skins for players; but if they keep updating I might be ready to change my recommendation. I've also noticed a shark shield in the game which is (I'm sure) a way for the developers to attempt to please the players who complained about sharks being too overpowered.Why don't I change my review to positive? because the gameplay is still horribly repetitive, all they've seem to have done is added another deathmatch mode. But it let it be known that they are still adding content to the game, which is alot to be said."
76561198205252373,Recommended,274940,28483421,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,The German Furman,"Good concept, good game, half-decent people.If there were more players and the current ones weren't such cancer, maybe I would play this game more than once every few months."
,Recommended,274940,12786463,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Shinuzi,"Haven't heard anything about this game, just saw the cover and I was interested.Played it and wow, this game is pretty damn tense. Very high quality product here, I'd recommend it to anyone that has any interest in sharks.Jawsome."
,Recommended,274940,35145285,Posted: 22 September,all,Taco Bell Driver,Played three rounds during the free weekend and it was enough for me to buy it
,Recommended,274940,31829158,Posted: 18 May,all,jawsjoeeatu,"Amazing Game :) I bought it on sale for about $8, and it is very worth it. I am impressed how the game functions very non-symmetrically (in the sense that the diver and shark teams are playing in very different ways) and is still able to be fun and balanced. The gameplay is very fun, and if you get tired of playing as a diver, you can switch it up and play as a shark (or visa-versa). However, do take in mind that you DO need a decently powerful computer to play this game. Overall, a great game, but I still recommend waiting for a sale to pick this one up. I hope this helps. ☺"
76561197973289089,Recommended,274940,27017898,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Thunderkiss aka [PAN] PLUTO,"It's a great game but most of the player base, with over 50 hours, would rather stomp brand new players than grow the community."
,Recommended,274940,21773284,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,halloween_slut_1995,Why does the captain only give up after 34 divers have been eaten?
76561198053651721,Recommended,274940,12841124,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Logic,"Loaded gameDropped down from dive cage with crewFollowed a robot named S.t.e.v.eSaw treasure on the floorPicked up the treasureLost crew membersHeart beating fastGetting NervousShark grabs me and rips me apart9/10 Awesome, You feel like a diver with his crew that got the unfortunate luck of running into 2 sharks. The respawns are cool and all but I feel  spawning next to the robot makes it too easy for the crew to stick together. When you have the crew together and they hide in corners the game gets annoying as a shark. The sharks are really unbalanced at first and until you unlock stronger gear own you. Very fun game. I recommend if you like twitchy-shooter like natural selections but in the ocean."
76561198121961485,Recommended,274940,32213522,Posted: 5 June,all,DEVILSPINE,"Overall its a simple game, but does have alot of ""Depth"" to it. I bought the game when it was on sale,($6) and for the price i got it, i can say its worth every penny ($20 isnt bad either though). Now I will admit that the controls can feel a bit clunky at first (especially as sharks) but once you get used to them, it comes naturally just like every other game. Ive played  only the multiplayer so far, so that mainly is what im giving this review about.While there are only 3 game modes for now, which if im being honest, only the blood rush mode, seems to really have any games in matchmaking. However, it doesnt really stop the fun of the game, as the concept is going to always consist of surviving the rounds, which are basically team deathmatch modes...As a diver, you get guns (expect alot of shooting at shadows), tools (useful for supporting teamates), and explosive mines! (""Smile you son of a --"")  All the equipment you get during matches, has to be bought with money you earn by gathering treasure, and cracking open safes with a robot companion known as S.T.E.V.E (I wonder if he likes gummy bears?). Divers are better when they are in groups rather than alone, as they can be torn apart quite quickly so if you have a good team it makes the difference with life and (gruesome) death!As a shark, You get teeth, fins, a hard head for bashing walls, and Evolution points, which are basically skills you can obtain through a match by eating divers. There are a few different classes of sharks that each have different stats and a unique skill, which can give you some different playstyles, but as a shark your mainly going to rely on ambushing , and swimming away bfore getting shot down..(or in my case, getting blown up). Both sides offer a different gamplay style, so there is alot of fun (and repitition) to be had in this type of game.Graphically it looks quite good and has a total of 12 maps that offer a distinct vibe (included with lots of water!), but overall relying on tension as you descend to dark corridors inside sunken ships and ruins.This game does have its flaws, like the combersome control as mentioned before, occasional fps drops during intense sequences, and the camera can sometimes get caught on objects. Despite its issues, it is still a worthy game of your time.I give it 8/10!"
76561198044709703,Recommended,274940,20983636,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Deadeyes the Clown,"This game is hard to review. At the core this is a great game. The gameplay and mechanics are pretty great. It has a great atmosphere and setting that gets you into the moment. There is enough variety in diver weapons/sharks selections to allow to different strategies and tactics. It allows for skill to be honed to truly excel at the game. Can be a lot of fun playing with friends. The devs for this game are pretty good and responsive to the community.However, I feel the game has almost as many draw backs. The player base is as good as dead, averages only 100 players worldwide at any given time. Over many months after release it has shown no ability to retain new players and grow despite free weekends, multiple sales, and content updates. There is limited content with only 1 gamemode that is played (despite other modes being introduced, nobody plays them and they're just a novelty). Basically, it gets repetitive and you eventually lose interest.The quality of the matches themselves I'd say are pretty poor in terms of matchmaking. 99% of the time its a total landslide and uncompetitive. This leads to a lot of rage quiting where you'll probably be playing bots in the majority of your matches. One last thing, I've heard from other people who have tried out this game is that while the gameplay is good its also very stressful. Even if you win the general feeling after a game is ""Thank god that is over"" rather than that of celebration or accomplishment. To a degree I'd have to agree with that assesment.I'll give it a thumbs up because I do think its a great game but it comes with a lot of drawbacks. I wouldn't expect most people to be playing this game for very long."
76561198003093463,Recommended,274940,23275647,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Shylock,"To watch the progress of this game has been a great pleasure for me so far. Devs have added so much content over the past year, and everything that is non-cosmetic has been free so far, which is something that's rare today, especially considering that this is not a full-price game.The game itself plays pretty nice, the graphics are nothing special but not bad either. Different weapons with different improvements allow for a great range of possibilities as a diver, and shark evolutions do the same for sharks. Teamwork is crucial, so I recommend buying a four-pack of this game for you and your friends."
,Recommended,274940,12780893,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Ancient Ice,"Definitely grab this up when it's on a good sale, fast paced asymmetric mutliplayer. the sharks are basically hunters in left 4 dead. except they can heal by hunting dolphins and seals, and are about 10X faster.it's a team of 2 sharks versus 4 divers, attack simultaneously from different angles and the divers have little time to react as you and your team mate can tear all 4 apart in less than 6 seconds. a single shark can usually only kill 2 at a time, max 3 if they're lucky, as the divers are all carry diving knives by default, which they automatically stab into you as you attack them doing damage. Which forces you to retreat to heal.Adding to the fun-ness of the sharks, when you attack the divers you have to quickly move your mouse back and forth to simulate the violent sawing action that sharks do to tear apart their prey. This can be disorienting after an attack.the divers get underwater assault rifles, pistols, and harpoons, among various equipment to detect and immobilize the sharks, but being able to be attacked from any angle when you least expect it definitely gives the odds in favor of the sharks.There is definitely a lot of tension for the divers. The maps are usually dark or foggy. The diver's hearts audibly pump faster when sharks are near (giving a warning to the player, despite there being no visible shark on screen) but that's only when they're close, which a good shark won't be until he's already lunging at you and chomping you in half.Definitely a fun experience, games do not take a long time, there are unlocks which add to replayability but otherwise this is good for a few rounds of something different, it might not hold onto a lot of people's attention after the first few months though.I'd give it a 3.5 out of 5 stars!"
,Recommended,274940,16994129,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,carson,The only game that bot is more pro than humanIGN 11/10
,Recommended,274940,12813222,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Sgt. Phoenix,"Very fun Shark game there you and your friends can play as 2 Sharks against 4 Divers.The Maps are great and very fun to play on and i really hope for more maps.I also like that you have to unlock some Diver gears like new weapons and eqquipments like the DPV, Diving Gears are not the only thing you can unlock in this game, you can unlock Sharks ""Perks"".Those Perks are more like giving your Shark have unlimited stamina or Powerful tail that will make you shark lunge away with a prey in your jaws and nothing that will give the sharks a huge advantages over the Divers.You may feel like the sharks are super OP over the Divers, but as long as you and your team is smart and placing sea mines in some doorways or in a corridore and spotting  eqquipments in some ares so you know where the shark is.And the Divers also have powerful weapons that can kill a shark.It's sad that there are not so many people that are playing this game, because this game is a very good shark game and i hope the Devs give out a SDK so people can make their own maps or own game modes and maybe adding some other Sharks like Tiger Shark or Bull Shark etc.Anyway i higly recommend this game to other people but you might have a different taste in games then i have, but you should at least try this game out and play it for few hours to decide if you like it or not.And for those people that tried it out and did not do any good and judge the game as bad and super unbalanced etc. You should know that some people will not do it great in the beginning but the longer you play, then better you becomes.(This review is not a good review but i think it's an ""ok"" review)"
,Recommended,274940,13127382,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,apat,"I didn't think there would be sharks, but there was.10/10"
,Recommended,274940,13875238,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Suddle D,dun dun...dun dun...Dun Dun.......Dun Dun.....DUN DUN...DUN DUN DUN DUN..............You have no legs anymore10/10Would Die again
,Recommended,274940,32914495,Posted: 27 June,all,matand317,Got eaten by a megalodonharpoon 1 shot 1 kill on my friends10/10
76561198011965365,Recommended,274940,34568507,Posted: 28 August,all,Saint Aaron,The graphics are nice along with a nice weapon selection and upgrades. The atmosphere looks amazing and the game is balanced on point!!! Beware you will jump a lot!
76561197994739891,Recommended,274940,12783659,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,RELLIK,Left For Dead meets Shark Week. Need I say more?.
,Recommended,274940,13268767,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Luscious,"Sharks vs. humans. Do I need say more?I will anyway...I'll say my overall thought on the game before I really talk about what's in the game. Although I personally think this game is a 10/10, I will warn you that if you get bored of one gamemode easily this might not be your game. The one gamemode this game has brings fun refreshing gameplay that feels unique to the FPS genre, of course, it's also really fun to eat people in 3rd person as the shark.After playing as both a diver and shark as much as I have (add another 12 hours of time I played during the beta), I would say Depth is fairly well balanced (highly based on skill level, you will get a butt whoopin' every now and then). Sharks do seem a little bit on the OP side due to their speed but I pretty much only feel this way against a select few players that I know by name. I cannot stress enough how skill based this game is, but I've never had this much fun.I believed I have covered everything necessary.. If you have any further questions about depth feel free to message me!If you've seen Evolve gameplay it's very similar, exept replace the monster with 2 sharks, and the 4 hunters with divers. Depth has some fairly simple goals for each team. The sharks earn points for killing divers and can spend those points towards perks which grant the shark new abilities. Sharks can also recover health by eating seals that swim around the map. Divers on the other hand, must try to stay alive and accumulate enough gold to purchase better gear whilst also defending S.T.E.V.E. the robot companion that will work its way across the map opening safes. If the divers kill all the sharks or escort S.T.E.V.E. back to the boat, the sharks have failed to defend their territorry.Depth has some interesting features that help make the gameplay feel unique:- To do damage as a shark, you have to shake your mouse back and forth violently. The Sharks are given ""wallhack"" so that they can always see where the divers are. It is most important that the sharks use this to their advantage to take out divers one by one. Sharks can also choose to attack S.T.E.V.E. doing so will stall S.T.E.V.E. and require him to reboot, enough damage to S.T.E.V.E. will destroy him. Sharks have a wide variety of perks to choose from which you can combine in ways to make your shark tougher, faster, or smarter (earning ""wallhack"" on mines or seeing what weapon a diver is holding).- The Divers are given a heart beat sound which speeds up the closer they are to a shark. If the heart is pounding, you're probably about to feed the shark. The only ways the divers can get the ""wallhack"" effect on the sharks is by using sonar beacons or flares (both with limited range), or tracing rounds (limited time). There is lots of diver gear to choose from, I won't list every single one but there are multiple pistols, auto rifes, and spear type weapons.REVIEW UPDATE (as of last major patch in December):-There are now two additional sharks to play as, The Mako - agile but weak, and The Tiger - the average shark. The Great White was turned into a swimming tank.-An additional map has been added bringing the total maps up to 6, all maps feel very balanced-They also added a King of the Hill style gamemode using the Megalodon shark as the ""hill"". The gamemode can be summarized as such: collect gold as a diver to upgrade your weapons (similar to the core game) win by reaching 15000 points first, the fastest way to score is to be the Megalodon shark. Become the Megalodon by killing the player who is the Megalodon. Gamemode is very very casual and not intense at all. Not my cup of tea (but that's just my opinion)"
76561198132536552,Recommended,274940,33140857,Posted: 2 July,all,toe cheese,"Very Fun, buy it on sale."
,Recommended,274940,12848449,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,DJexs,"*last time I tried playing it was practically dead.  They added more maps, weapons and gamemodes.  The developers added more sharks and weapons and did nothing to balance the game, match making takes forever and the game really isn't fun anymore.Intense underwater combat between a team of four divers and two sharks.    The combat is exciting and teambased. There are plenty of weapons and unlocks with level based unlocks.   You start with limited cash or set points (as a shark you get points)  and you earn more by killing the opposing team, collecting loose gold, completing objectives, and the most important assisting and saving teammates.  There is even an option to play wtih bots so you can learn some skills before taking on real playersAs a diver you must watch eachothers back to protect S.T.E.V.E. ( an underwater recovery robot,  I am sure it stands for something I dont care enough to know lol).   your robot compaion will progress through the map spot to spot and can be disabled by the sharks.   He will usually set up in a defensable area but there is always at least one open area he sets up in and a straight open water swim that sets the sharks up.As a shark you work together with your teammate to take down the divers.  If you take too long the divers can escape with their robot and loot.   You can disable their robot to slow down their progress.  The sharks have a range of abilities that they can earn by killing divers.   They are fast but not as agile as diver,  they make up for their lack of agility by ripping the divers to shreds.This game has the best matchmaking IMO.  Its like l4d but your lobby can start when ever and instead of playing with bots you get matched with solo players or other parties.  The only downside is your party always stays visibile in game so people will join and complain about you be AFK because they do not understand what is going on.All in All this game is bomb.  It is incredibly fun and competitive.  It could use some more maps and a smidge of balance here and there but that is what patches are for.  All in all I reccommend this to anyone."
76561198000653947,Recommended,274940,13047132,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,wombat,I genuinely scream when i play this game as a diver.
,Recommended,274940,12767751,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Sergeant Moderately Displeased,"At first I was really iffy with this game but it is fantastic.You and your greedy crew of people want the money, what better place to get it other than the ocean? :DYou have a large aresenal of weapons to choose from with a well made ""buy system"". This includes everything from spears to pistols. The weapons are pretty well balanced to defeat the sharks.You will be protecting S.T.E.V.E. and suddenly HOLYSHITWHATTHE♥♥♥♥WASTHAT! Eugene is missing.Not only that, but the other shark is on the way after already hitting the wall three times.Countless hours I have spent screaming at the top of my lungs . Reaction time, weapon choice, and movement patterns really matter when it comes down to survival.Here's the best part: Shark GameplayBestgameeveromg10/10whydidntanybodyelsethinkofthisholyshitIreallyenjoythesharkpleaseadddifferentsharksSeriously, Every waking moment of shark gameplay is realistic and thrilling.What other shark game LET'S YOU EAT SEALSDamn.Sharks also have abilites and perks, these can give you anything and everything you would ever want.Overall, This game has kept me on the edge of my seat consistently.Not for one second was I dissapointed nor bored. The gameplay will always change based on player skill and shark tactics, which really keeps the whole ""interest"" thing locked.The game is super stable, has more than enough weapons/abilities, and a friendly community. The developers are also very kind and fun to play with.I really only ask for more maps and/or different sharks to play as. I don't know why but it just gives me a rush inside to think about being a shark.Nature is weird and mysterious."
,Recommended,274940,12798056,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Kanova,"This game is great. That is putting it as simply as I can.Playing as a diver, you get a basic set of tools to defend yourself, ranging from a pistol with a few shots to a harpoon gun or a net. Then there are consumables and utlity items. These things like flairs, mines and a DPV which is something that lets you move at incredible speeds and maybe even out maneuver the average shark. There are upgrades you can get that that let you track sharks with special bullets or different guns. Collect treasure on the ocrean floor and turn it in and protect your robot to get more money.As a shark you have superior speed and ability to travel the map and see where the divers and their robot are. you can destroy objects and terrian to open new ways to attack. Attacking a diver hold him in your mouth and shred him apart and carry him away from his group. BUT they can stab you in the face while being mauled. Sharks have upgrades that make them more deadly. These range from having better senses, more resistant to damage, getting better maneuverability or getting health from eating stuff. Oh yeah, regain health from eating poor defensless seals.Unlock more upgrades as your profile level increases and play as a vicious shark in an epic game of cat and mouse, or as a diver with weapons and mines to decimate sharks at a distance...if you can see them first. Playing as solo, it is fun for a while but I think that with friends the game would be 10x better.Game is still a 10/10, I notice no real problems. It is balanced, atmospheric and has some pretty good replay value and reminds me of Left 4 Dead in some ways."
76561197961612454,Recommended,274940,22660232,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Adolf Sharkler,"This game is so simple, yet it rocks! Sadly no single player mode, not alot of effort on the ""questgiver"" (poor animation), land above the sea is mediocre imho, but is only seen for a couple seconds before going underwater. There the world is really nice, could use some higher-res textures though.All in all 7.5/10 and a must-buy for fans of being surprised by sharks you see coming only when it is nanoseconds before out of a dark area ahead of you."
,Recommended,274940,35136347,Posted: 22 September,all,twitch.tv/NickandMorty,"HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! This game is fkin AMAZING, i came from DBD (1.4k hrs) and i never really heard much about this game. Saw it go on sale one day and ive been hooked ever since. Can kill with a friend, have servers so less lag issues, SHARKS, GUNS, SHARKS. You dont feel bad if you die a couple times because you have tickets (life pool) Really really well balanced (new players dont know) This game deserves far more recognition than its received. =)"
76561198013311126,Recommended,274940,24181444,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Helix,Fantastic game! Cannot say the same for the community though. 99% sour 1% sweet.Still definitely worth buying whether its on sale or not.
,Recommended,274940,25021190,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Jesus,"It's like evolve and L4D mixed together, this one doesn't have cancer though."
,Recommended,274940,17214541,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,:FirstBlood:,"This Game is good, but when it comes to compatibility, not so good. I bought and tried this game on my friend's PC and when I used my Mac to download and play it said: ""Depth is not available on your current platform."" and I don't want to refund this game. (I'm a shark enthusiast) Please Depth Devs, Supporters, Moderators, If any of you can read this. (at least 1)(Rate this helpful to be read)Please be considerate :'("
,Recommended,274940,26566808,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Kugelnuts_Artorius,"Works great, new updates have kept the game rather fresh, maps have improved from the beginning. Quite boring alone but with a mate together thisvis loads of fun!"
,Recommended,274940,21645092,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Ray G. Quit,"I think I postponed this review for far too long. I am torn between pure flattery for the game (just look at my time played) and speaking some ""truth"" about it. Depth is amazing, the gameplay is fun, intense and challenging, the skill ceiling is really high and the things you can do after you 'get good' are absolutely amazing. You know what they say: being called a hacker is the greatest form of flattery for a gamer - you get this here. Playing as diver is quite different from the usual FPS because you have to learn how to fight against freaking beasts of the sea that will force you to fight them not only horizontally but also vertically. Sharks on the other hand are a blast to play, but they require a lot of planning and skill to get to the divers and survive ... or you can ... you know, go in and hope for the best. Which brings me to the well, not ""bad"" things per se, but things to be aware.Now the mentioned truth I would like to share is the fact that this game may not be a very good for casuals as a long term experience. If you don't have a learning curve, you may get outskilled very easily. Due to small community you will encounter pros from time to time and let's be honest, some of them can take average team alone and get called a hacker - that is how ridiculously high the skill ceiling is. That's of course no one's fault, there isn't enough veterans for the matchmaker to make them play only with each other. And remember - it's just from time to time, you won't always get to fight against or with pros. Then again some of the Depth players seems to lack basic understanding of the game despite playing 100+ matches and just forces you to facepalm while playing. Wasting tickets is on the daily basis here, especially if you're already acustomed to the game you will be sometimes forced to carry your teammember(s).Make no mistake, community is small, but it's very stable, I've been here for almost a year and always can find a game (for divers it's almost instant, but for sharks it takes from 1 to 3 minutes and somethimes it gets down to 4-6 min). Also the community is mostly friendly and active (visit the steam discussions).So what I want to say is: the game is amazing, the community is amazing, but the difference in skill cap you will feel on many levels, which will put you in all kinds of adventages and disadventages against some setups in teams. One more thing: the game recives a FREE content every 2 months or so that includes maps, new sharks to play, weapons and things like that so that's nice thing to have."
,Recommended,274940,18438764,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,RonMySon,Australian Ocean simulator
,Recommended,274940,25895520,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,DynamicDragon,"Great game for a multiplayer. Has great graphics; nice, immersive sound; easy gameplay; challenging opponents; overall pretty well balanced. It's also great at keeping your blood pumped up with its ""suspense"" and ""horror"" features.Sharks or Divers may seem OP, but with practice you can master both.Sometimes it can get pretty rough against seasoned players or the matching system ends up stiking you with either too high or too low level players.But in the end it's worth every little coin, specially if you have friends to play with ;)And I forgot to add the nice bunch of weapons and other useful gadgets for divers, as well as great perks for sharks. The maps are also very well balanced for both teams.Should totally win an award for awesomness XD"
76561198204381004,Recommended,274940,29554055,Posted: 28 January,all,Loki,Depth is a very very fun game for whoever like's some scary intense action it involves sharks and humans and the humans got to survive and escort the submarine at the same time and the shark's have to try to keep on killing the humans until there out of lives.
76561197996638978,Recommended,274940,13595708,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Psykztah,"Depth? more like heart attack simulator 2015. if the idea of you squealing like a girl, as a 20 ft 2 ton prehistoric killing machine thrashes you about as if you were its personal chew toy sounds like fun. then your luck! depth has such features as:* dark environments where divers suffer from lack of visibilty, sometimes you cant even see where your getting eaten from!* buildings to hide in! but they can be broken into, like they were built from lego that wall you camping infront of doesnt seem so safe now does it?* large open spaces! oh boy! nothing says ""terror and fear"" than a large open space which can occupy a shark in ANY DIRECTION* watching your friends get snatched in front of you and then being helpless to shoot back. great fun!* finally killing a shark*plundering gold plated nazi pistols because nazis were pimps. yo,*watching steve the robot struggle to get his fat ♥♥♥ back to the boatand finally you get to kill innocent little seals!!! what more could you want from a game 20/10 would buy again!!!"
,Recommended,274940,25049660,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,QuaintShanty,"While I have only played this game for a few hours, I think it's safe to say that it is quite enjoyable. There are a few things I'd like to talk about in this review. The controls, the user interface, the user experience, scare factor, game progression, and balancing.Starting off with the controls, I'd like to inform you that the game has a pretty basic control scheme. WASD to move, left click to fire, and right click to aim. There are a few other controls that you'll be notified about. But, that's not a necessity to being good at the game. I liked how straightforward the game was to play. Yet, at the same time it had a lot behind it.The controls weren't the only thing that was simplistic and easy to understand. The user interface is very fluent and meshes well together. Upon dying you'll be able to upgrade weapons, purchase new weapons, and sell your current gear. Honestly, before I started playing I was shown some items that you could buy. That gave me the impression that the game was pay-to-win. Turns out that what I was seeing were just cosmetics (at least to the best of my knowledge now). So gear can be used by everyone without the need to make purchases with real money.I really liked how this game was put together. In most games, being a new player and being surrounded by those were are experienced way beyond you is quite a pain. That is not the case in Depth. No matter how good you are, players will kill you eventually. Because the game is typically a 2v4 situation, each player can give support for one another. This may not always be a balanced game for the players who are sharks. Primarily because I have not played as a shark in a public game with the two friends I had. We played around 10 games and none of the PuGs we played in selected us as sharks.It was very pleasant to be a diver. But, in the private game it wasn't as fun to be the shark. It was actually one of the things I looked forward to the most; becoming a shark and tearing my friends apart limb by limb. It seemed frustrating if you didn't learn the map since you don't know where to find people. But, I guess that's something experience will help on. You can't be an inexperienced shark and expect to gnaw the living hell out of those divers! But, you can sure as hell pierce a shark's eye with a harpoon several times and feel satisfied.I didn't have much hope for this game. But, a buddy of mine informed me that it was free and there was nothing to lose. So, I spent a few minutes installing it and played with him. His highlight was that it would be scary and that, if I were lucky enough, I'd get to enjoy ripping people apart. Meh. The game wasn't scary at all. The two of them actually found it to be scary in the beginning. It never scared me, ""even"" in the beginning.I'm not saying I wasn't shocked at the PuG players that sped around the corner and snatched me up. Oh, yeah. I found that pretty interesting. But, my heart rate did not elevate even the slightest. I was shocked in the sense that it was a pleasant experience. I was practically enjoying seeing the teeth of a shark in my thighs milliseconds after a shark appeared through a wall it had just broken.I keep saying this, and I need to keep saying this. Depth was put together very well. Progressing through the game takes thought if you want to really take advantage of it. But, you can still do good and play casually. Killing, assisting, damaging, or shooting near a shark (as if you were firing a warning shot or grazed it) will net you some points. Now, I'm not entirely sure. But, I believe that those points goes towards your funds. You can also collect treasure and take it to your robot, STEVE, to cash in. This, without a doubt, goes towards your funds. When you die, you can use your money (funds) to purchase gear, upgrades, utilities, you name it.It takes time to rack up a good amount of money. One thing I like about this game is that there are roles you can play. Even though they are not set in stone. You can be a support and gain points (which may or may not turn in to funds, I don't know). Dropping a jammer (I don't know the proper name for it) will prevent sharks from seeing you through the walls. The more players that are hidden in the radius of this jammer, the more points you get. There are also sonar buoys. They send out a pulse to detect if a shark is nearby and alarms when they come within range.I don't know how well the shark progression is, but I've seen some pretty crazy stuff. Such as some sharks cloaking, moving faster, and having a lot more health (as if they were a tank). I haven't seen anyone complaining. The community seems mellow. Nobody is toxic. It seems like a really nice game to play with some friends. Even often too!Everything a shark can do, a player can upgrade their gun to counter it. There is a tracking upgrade to apply to your weapons in order to see a shark even after it runs away. To balance that upgrade, it has a timer. So, if the shark evades long enough, it will be hidden in the darkness once again. There are night vision scopes to apply to weapons that allow you to see further in the water. Sharks can increase their health to counter the harpoon's one-hit-kill effect. They can increase their speed to evade fast weapons. And, they can destroy just about anything a diver puts down to combat them.In all, I feel as if this game was very well thought through. It doesn't seem one-sided. Except for the fact that, since me and my friends have played PuGs, we have not lost a single match. I don't know if that's typically how these games go. But, it's enjoyable regardless!9/10, and I say that honestly. I don't normally take the time to write reviews on Steam. But, I enjoyed this game that much."
,Recommended,274940,18479968,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Wendy,"there is nothing more fun than ripping people to shreds, especially your friends, i would recommend this game to anyone who like sea games killing games or just being a shark, because we all know we want to be sharks,"
,Recommended,274940,32479296,Posted: 16 June,all,Dolpduck,"Great game to play alone, with friends, or with randoms. Really deserves more attention."
,Recommended,274940,23178949,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,no u bend the fookin knee,All them jump scares. I rate 10/10!
,Recommended,274940,13020534,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,MoonMan,I really enjoyed this game! The menus could use a little more work but the overall experience of the game is enjoyable. You play either as a diver surviving and looking for treasure or play as a shark trying to wipe the divers out. I'm looking forward to seeing more maps and hopefully a large variety to the divers and the sharks
76561198016498180,Recommended,274940,12768668,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Slimy,"First day of official release... Best gaming night in months. Best game in months. Will be gaming this a ♥♥♥♥ton and a bit more. It's perfectly balanced with shark/diver gameplay. No flaws in the game more than the animation on the shark when someone kill it and saves you, tis dead but keeps shaking and♥♥♥♥♥♥ Shark you high, Ya dead so stop moving. The harpoon also needs to travel faster on short distance but not as fast on long range. Its a bit fast after a few meters."
76561197970899710,Recommended,274940,32030945,Posted: 28 May,all,D-Man,"Play this game naked whilst sitting on a bucket, otherwise your underpants laundry bill will send you broke."
76561197997969723,Recommended,274940,13100817,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,ColonelSidequest,"Good Assymetrical team combat game.  I like the length of the rounds, about 10 minutes, 4 divers vs 2 sharks... quite a bit of fun!But that's all it is; don't pay full retail price for it, make sure you spend $25 at MOST."
76561198045580857,Recommended,274940,12871161,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,God-awful Falafel,"This is a pretty cool game. It's fun to play and hard to dominate. It seems to be very well balanced if you play smart. All of the videos make it seem like constant shark attacks, and it is in a way, but the pacing is just right when you actually play it. Being a diver is just as fun as being a shark. This game can be terrifying if you're the last diver alive...and your heart starts beating. The videos of this game online have a poor frame rate but when played is actually very smooth, I'm maxing this game easily.I also honestly don't think the sharks move too fast. It's very easy to kill either team, so playing smart is a must. If anything the divers have a pretty good advantage.I think this game has huge potential. Just a few more maps, shark types and larger community would make this move from ""very good"" to ""excellent"". Also, this is coming from someone with an unatural and irrational fear of sharks. I'm still learning to swim in open water....(shivers)Pros:1. Good graphics2. Cool setting3. Fun gameplay4. Easy to learn, hard to master5. Inexpensive6. Kinda creepy (at best)Cons:1. Limited maps and game modes2. Not enough players yet3. Latency spikes that get me killed4. Scary as h*ll (at worst)UPDATE!!!:  Dec. 2014First major content release includes new sharks, a new mode, a new map :) and new diver gear.They added a Tiger shark and a Mako plus tweaks to the good old Great White.The GW now acts as a tank and withstands the most abuse. Seems they nerfed the speed a little which is ok. The Tiger seems to be the replacement for the GW in terms of speed and vitality. The Mako is unsurprisingly the fastest and weakest. Cool. The new map is awesome, it's an underwater mine shaft? But I don't know how sharks feel about it ( I play diver 95% of the time, by choice.The new shark shield diver tool is pretty neat since the sharks can't see you if you're in its radius. Physically see you, yes. But not through the walls like thermal vision as usual.The MEGALODON mode is boring in my opinion. 5 divers vs 1 (baby) Megalodon. Basically divers super grind for gold and recieve auto gun upgrades (no choice basically). Hunt the giant shark and the person landing the final blow becomes the Megalodon. The shark is slow and always under attack. The divers can DPV infinately and chase you anywhere. Once they get enough gold and receive the explosive harpoon, it's all over. You'll get a few kills and die. Both sides were equally boring.In conclusion, I greatly appreciate the new and free content. I want more maps, guns, balance and player base to be 100% satisfied. This game is constantly improving and I applaud the devs. Once you start to unlock evos and guns the game gets better. The learning curve was just raised with this update but don't give up.This game is so much fun I just can't explain it!!UPDATE!!!  Jan. 2016This game continues to impress me with just how fun it continues to be. After nearly 1000 hours logged I keep coming back. Since my last update they've added a ton of content, new maps and sharks, diver gear and balance. There are at least twice the maps as launch and a total of 6 sharks, Hammerhead, Thresher and Bull have been added since my last update. Everything I could ask for but.....we still can't keep a decent player base going.Don't get me wrong, there are always matches to be played but this game scares people off....there ARE veteran players, and you WILL get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you. That being said there are MANY great vets that will help you out. Honestly, the problem is gamers these days, they hate challenge and learning and they hate getting advice. They want their game EZ and can't stand learning even if that means losing at times. Sure, winning is more fun but so is watching your skill grow.If you're willing to make friends and learn through some losses, you'll really begin to appreciate what this game can offer. As I said earlier, it's easy to learn and hard to master, you've been fairly warned.The community is interesting for sure. Most everyone will be helpful but in return you need to be receptive. At least TRY to understand how the game works. If you jump on the forums to blindly complain about everything being OP, you'll get blasted.Seriously, go look at the discussions to get an idea of how NOT to act if you want to get the most enjoyment from this game. Just look at the hours played by those that cry and those that don't. Are you going to believe that someone with 10 hours of gametime truly understands the intricacies more than those with 100's of hours?They've added plenty of noob friendly mechanics to this game and endless balancing tweeks. The only thing OP is player skill which varies wildly. Will you work your skill up or just cry that everyone is better because you can't win....yet. How you approach this game will determine your enjoyment.See you in the water!!"
76561197984435867,Recommended,274940,12770030,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,[RIP] XXLpeanuts,"Only played about 40 minutes to an hour so far but my god is this game great, someone here said it lacked depth but i honestly get the feeling that there is an actual skill gap that will allow you to get very good at this game, and its really quite competetive because of that. Not to mention the game itself is in a fantastic state both visually stunning and performance wise for me at least. There was even a fov slider on day one, and a decent amount of ""maps"" and future content planned, honestly this game is original and a throw back to the old days where pc games were released in good form and with standard options (it has a really good extensive graphics options menu) and all included. I just hope the next content released is free."
76561198050684944,Recommended,274940,29216447,Posted: 12 January,all,Jynn,"Depth has a small community, but I never have to wait more than a minute at most to get a match. (Though if you queue as shark specifically, you will have longer wait times)This is a asymmetrical PVP game that actually works. Four divers vs two sharks is the most common game mode set up. Now, people will argue otherwise, but if you look through reviews you'll see 'divers are OP' or 'sharks are OP' in equal numbers, so...i'd say they're pretty balanced over all. My games, if the players are all about equal rank, seem to end in victory about half the time. Now if you get pro veterans in there, it tips in their favor of course.Pros:- Wonderful shark models,- Beautiful maps- Shark classes are unique from each other, with vastly different strategies- Divers have an array of weapons to choose from, leading to multiple strategy possiblitiesCons:- Certain aspects of the community can be childish, or downright salty (as with any PVP game)- A few of the maps can be annoying to play on, set-up wiseOver all, i'd definitely recommend this game if you enjoy PVP games that are more than just 'run out and shoot each other'. There is a high level of strategy, timing, and planning to this game to get victory, and some of the sharks have a very high learning curve (i'm still learning how to play Mako shark, for example)Also, if you turn the HUD off, you can make some pretty nice desktop wallpapers!"
76561198115739418,Recommended,274940,30494658,Posted: 13 March,all,Carlos Danger,10/10 GOTY. Nearly perfect until you run into some scumbag who does literally nothing but play this game.
76561198061053111,Recommended,274940,13599716,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,theophilman,shiprekt
,Recommended,274940,34379835,Posted: 20 August,all,BruceMahGoose,"A surprisingly enjoyable first person shooter/third person shark ""simulator.""The premise is simple: you're either a diver or a shark. As a diver, you collect gold and money to buy weapons to defend your mining droid or kill all the sharks. Sharks do the opposite, collecting ""evolution points"" from kills to eliminate all the divers or to destroy the drone.There's also a gamemode called ""Megalodon Hunt"" but nobody plays that because it's really not that good so let's just forget that exists.The game does have a CS:GO-esque skins system, but events grant you free to open crates and you get 1 free crate per day for completing quests. You also can get skins dropped after a game. No cases require a key to open, only a $2 charge to purchase them. They are also ""community crates,"" so a portion of the money (as far as I know) goes to the skin creator.All in all, I really enjoy my time with Depth. If it's on sale, purchase it. As most games are, it's better with friends."
,Recommended,274940,29656323,Posted: 2 February,all,Tsene,"Runs well, looks nice and it's fun to play either alone or with friends. And for now at least finding a match is quick."
76561197992764918,Recommended,274940,33945236,Posted: 1 August,all,Rickityr3kt,Excellent multiplayer game that continues to recieve updates and fixes. The addition of loot crates is an added bonus as people from the community are contributing to it. The crates are purely cosmetic and they aren't being shoved in your face.
,Not Recommended,274940,13915606,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Varaosa,"ENG:Micro payments & cs skin style system spoil the game experience, I can not recommend the game anymore.FIN:Mikromaksut & cs skini systeemi pilaavat pelikokemukseni, en voi suositella peliä enään."
,Recommended,274940,23778428,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,MysteryPotatoGuy,"I personally think this is a great game for many reasons, the gameplay, the visuals, the sharks (especially the sharks).  I love the feeling of being a diver and not knowing where the sharks are coming from, hearing your heart beat faster, SWOOSH! your teammate has dissapeared in a cloud of blood. Silence. Thump, Thump, CRASH! the roof has collapsed. You're now suddenly in a shark's mouth being shaken around violently, You're losing blood, and fast. Swishh, a net has tangled the shark, You're free! But you're still losing blood. Swimming toward the medkit, everything goes dark, you have died. Then as a shark you see the divers coming down in the cage. you feel powerful, they dont know where you are. You have the power to make the divers stain the water brown with♥♥♥♥♥♥ coming up next to a wall. Smashing through like the Kool-Aid man and grabbing a diver then going out an oppening on the other side, taking the diver with you. But youv'e been stabbed, you're low on health and you need help. you go up and find a seal to eat and now you feel better, ready to attack. you're sneaking through the dark waters of the cove. you come up to a window near some unexpecting divers. swimming slowly through you realise youv'e made a terrible mistake, you blew up, you're in chunks floating all around. you respawn S.T.E.V.E is heading towards the magnet to be taken out of the water, you swim fast, so fast. you come up on S.T.E.V.E. You hear three loud beeps and a spear is shot directly into your side. you die. The divers are using P.A.T systems that kill you quickly. Next round you swim towards S.T.E.V.E, suddenly his outline dissapears, you swim closer everything goes blurry, you have no idea whats happening and out of nowhere you get shot and killed. they used a shark shield to scramble your noodles. Conclusion, don't be a ♥♥♥♥♥ and use shark shields."
,Recommended,274940,28693436,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Zaydan,"Fairly good game, would recommend it when on sale.Depth can be difficult for new players with no real balanced matchmaking system (fresh players verse players with 1000 hours frequently). It is a great game to play with friends with an alright party system which certainly helps get you through the strategic learning curve. Lack of players means it can be difficult to find a game during non-sale periods, meaning you have to expand your search to all regions causing latency issues if you don't want to wait 10 minutes.The gameplay itself is quite fun and is a game you could easily play for a few hours at a time, but does become repetitive with essentially only one main gamemode that people play. However there is a fair set of maps to play through, with and equal number of strategies to employ.Would love to see better matchmaking and more game modes be added in the future to make this game more worth-while."
76561197960986989,Not Recommended,274940,25617303,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,unknown,"Basically, this game is a small gem. Easy to learn, hard to master. The downside is the community. Few hundreds of people play it regularly. You will meet high-skilled players a lot. They will crush you like a bug, most of the time. Well, you can ""git gud"" or what most people do, leave the match before it has even started, because you already know it's wasting your time. You can't escape this. Some high-skilled players even create another steam account, buy Depth again and ""surprise"" you. Of course, you can't prove it. You see people with ten or twenty matches on the record, knowing every corner of the map, knowing how to perfectly handle a certain shark with special skill requirements, avoiding every possible mistake. In the end you either adapt to the scene or leave them alone. I guess, most people better leave them alone."
,Recommended,274940,12768621,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,American Shorthair Paladin,"This is an awesome assymetrical first person shooter.4 divers versus 2 sharks.The divers follow an NPC unmanned submarine as it travels through a level, drilling into locked safes for large sums of cash that the divers can use to buy upgrades.  The divers can also risk even more death by swimming away from the protection of their teammates to collect gold loot to purchase items, weapons, upgrades and tools to gain an advantage over the sharks.  Divers win by killing 32 sharks, 2 starting shark lives + 30 shark respawn points in reserve.  The weapons divers get range from pistols to harpoons to automatic weaponry to explosive mines to sonar buoys and flares that highlight sharks to increase visibility and gain advantages as well as medkits to stop damage over time effects and restore lost health.The sharks get built-in wallhack to compensate for their numerical disadvantage.  This allows one shark to be relatively balanced against 2 divers.   The only way for sharks to win is to kill 34 divers, 4 starting diver lives + 30 diver lives in reserve for respawning.  They can also kill S.T.E.V.E. (the unmanned submarine) but you're mostly going to just kill all the divers.  Attacking S.T.E.V.E.  is only really useful to pressure divers to return to the submarine to get them to leave the brightness of high water and return to the dangerous murky depths where it is much harder to see sharks in the water due to low brightness.   Shark players pick a species of shark, each one comes with a special ability and a unique stat distribution that can be summarized as strength and agility sharks.  Strength sharks are lower, larger and have much more health, agility sharks are faster, smaller and have much less health.  Sharks kill divers to earn upgrade points they spend on various shark upgrades,  These upgrades range from mobility boosting evolutions to damage/survival  boosting evolutions. , or upgrades to your sharks' special ability.The balance is a very neat thing in this game because it's so well done.  At a low player skill level the sharks have a slight advantage, but at high level play the divers have a slight advantage.  But at every level of play both sides can regularly take the win without any glaring issues.  The map being played has a bigger impact on which side has the advantage which is never greater than a 6-4 matchup.You can find a few negative reviews crying about overpowered sharks and divers but that's just free-weekend players raging about getting snorkeled.  I know I show up on the free weekends to farm noobs."
,Recommended,274940,12865015,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Trollestia,"Just played this with friends at my lan party last night.  We had a group of six, so it was perfect.  Everyone there picked it up relatively quickly and most games were within three or four kills between sharks and humans.  We got a chance to utilize the bots for a couple rounds and even on easy they can hold their own as both humans and sharks.  Once the mod tools come out this will be a killer game (pun intended)."
,Recommended,274940,31130335,Posted: 14 April,all,Rectal Railway,"This game is one the most pleasurable multiplayer experience that I've had on steam. The gameplay is exciting and fair, although at times a little monotonous, but the devs have been doing frequent in game events that help with that. The community is very small, so you'll end up recognizing people after a while. The only downside I can see from that is that most of the community is experienced, making the game difficult for new players. I'd recommend getting a friend who has played it to show you the ropes before just jumping in.Anyway, the continued support from the devs and the small, close-knit community coupled with exciting and unique gameplay make for an unforgettable experience that I want to share with every one of my friends. As such, I've purchased the game for several. It's just that fun."
76561198026237239,Recommended,274940,12797605,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Dezmo55,"This is by far the best thing ever.Simple, fun, and terrifying!You can either be the brave and slightly tasty divers or the terror of the seas with a gluttony problem.One would think that everyone would love only to play the Shark. While true if you pick shark as your preferred class you will be waiting for a while, and for good cause! You silently swim around the zone they are currently in, looking for a small gap or a fairly broken wall to use. Once an opening is ready you wait for the prey to swim by and ..... SNAP!THRASH!RIP!SHRED! In a few seconds of intense frenzy you die in agony as the other three prey unloads into your soft white belly.Teamwork, skill, and a healthy dose of luck is needed in this game.As humans you can do a great amout of things to ward off the sharks. Booby trapping the gaps, Putting up sensor bouyis along the wall and cieling making it harder to get destroyed by the shark, and sitting in that one god damn spot up near the corner of the room. You start off with a measly pistol, but with the help of teamates you must stick together untill later weapons are unlocked. Soon you will unlock a single insta-gib weapon and will be able to solo the shark, that is, if you see him in time.As the shark you are the hunter who chooses when to engage. You can go in and hope to pull you out from the room, or wait until they move out into the open towards the next room. Watch out for bombs though, but if quick enough you can speed right past it and set it off without dying, and if lucky enough you could kill the human swimming next to it. You need to use the enviroment to your advantage. Swim through an open window, snag and then dash out the next opening as soon as you kill the person. Hit and run is the only way to win this.All in all this is a great game.9/10"
,Recommended,274940,23912792,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Witherinnℸℨ™,"This game is alright. It features many different tactics to use with the different shark types. Using strength, knowledge, speed, maneuver, and the element of surprise to take out the divers. The game is tough when you first play it, but once you start playing it more and more, you get more better at it. I wish there was more to the landscape instead of just collecting treasure, like instead taking pictures of the monuments and wreckages within the maps. It doesn't matter but the game is really good when it comes to mimicing a classic shark game ""Jaws: Unleashed"" Because of the shark mechanics. I would reccomend this game to any person out there that has an interest in sharks and or versus games!"
,Recommended,274940,13874960,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Giraffe,It's Left 4 Dead 2 Versus except it's Sharks and Divers.10/10 would be terrified again.
76561198166620870,Recommended,274940,25041091,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,DontBlink +_- UrDead,"Do you love sharks? Did you have nightmares after watching Jaws?Either way, play this today! Offers a unique 4 vs 2 experience. This isn't your average Evolve clone, no, it's a horroric diving experience that's purely skill based.  You WILL work together to win.Good luck, have fin! Or gut shiprekt! ;)"
76561197996545574,Not Recommended,274940,17096212,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Count Zero Interrupt,"I played this during the free weekend, but here's my two cents.This game is immensely fun.The maps are each very different and well designed.  However, there are only about a dozen of them and they get repetitive very quickly.The graphics are awesome.The gameplay modes are... well... there is only really one gameplay mode that is active with players and actually fun to play and that's the treasure hunt game mode.  The Megalodon game mode is too slow and the hide and seek game mode has no players.The equipment selection is okay, but much of it is really gimmicky and doesn't have a whole lot of use.Overall, this game is awesome if it were more reasonably priced, but I could never justify paying $25 for this little content."
,Recommended,274940,13396146,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Danny Boy,"This game is a beautifully polished first person shooter/horror game/shark simulator. Each match is truly nerve-racking, with neither sharks nor divers ever truly given a huge advantage. The balance between sharks and humans is truly an amazing feat on the developer's part.Playing as a diver is terrifying; as your heart beats faster and louder in the game, the blood in your real body starts flowing, ready for action. There is a great level of reward that comes from winning a game through getting S.T.E.V.E back onto the boat.Sharks feel swift and powerful to play as, easily navigating and destroying the environment, along with any straggling divers.There is still more to be added to the game, which gives it longevity, as each new map or shark or piece of equipment is a reason to sink (pardon the pun) more hours into this game."
76561197977113050,Recommended,274940,17103002,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Saor,"Depth is a very enjoyable game wether playing as Diver or Shark its always fun and exciting , the maps all have a tense feel to them when playing as a diver as they are generally quite dark which adds to the fear as your constantly on the look out for a shark to attack you out of the darkness. As a diver there is a good range of weapons and upgrades to choose from , and each of the 5 shark species each offer a differant playstyle with certain sharks better suited for certain maps.At the moment there are 10 maps which is not alot but they are all pretty differant so offer a good enough variety to keep things fresh.The game does have a bit of a learning curve and could perhaps benefit from some kind of tutorial for new players , but it doesnt take that long to get the hang of how to play. And it could also do with a better balanced matchmaking system so that new and low level players are not placed in games against lvl 50-100 sharks etc.On the whole its a solid game and i highly recommend it."
76561197995224732,Recommended,274940,13385730,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,thefigment,"Best fun i've had in multiplayer in years. Great game to just jump in and try to survive/hunt.Awesome PvP action, team-based gameplay, and a beautiful atmoshphere. It really gets your blood pumping when you know you are being stalked from the darkness."
,Recommended,274940,32664912,Posted: 22 June,all,Reilly,Love it! So fun and i just started well worth the 5e i paid on sale
76561197981811486,Recommended,274940,26082049,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,LEO AUGUSTUS,"This game is one of my favorite games of all time.  It's loads of fun.  My only gripes are that the system for player matching is terrible.  You often end up playing against experienced sharks with total noobs on your team.  This can be bi-passed by screening your games and continually re-joining until you find a fair game or simply playing with friends.  A balanced matching system would go a long way toward making this game perfect.  My worry is that new players give up because they keep getting pounded on by experienced sharks.  To beat an experienced shark requires 2-3 experienced divers.  In that way it is balanced, but they need to implement a better system."
,Recommended,274940,12817146,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,ninja doggo,"Basically it's an awesome game, if I could compare it I think it would be Jaws Unleashed HD Remake when playing as a shark, and Shark: Hunting the Great White when playing as a Diver. Together it makes the probably 2 best underwater / ocean games ever made and it turned a lot of my 100% cotton underwear into 96% urine underwear and the gameplay is fluid, greatly graphisized and overall just lots of fun. It has lots of depth in it, and the gore is just ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. First your skin and flesh will disappear and get torn apart and if torn enough it will get ripped off, leaving a stump of flesh behind. The community seems to be nice to, other than in counter strike global offensive where people tell you to kill yourself when you ask a question, here the players will actually be really nice and tell you. Overall it gets a 9.4/10 from me for the great gameplay, great gore, great community, extremely great alpha and great idea."
,Recommended,274940,13066174,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Shrapnel Effect,"Its fun! but nothing out of this world i recomend it if your up for a new style to PVP, the content is fun and addictive, but some things players can do to exsploit can ruin a game."
,Recommended,274940,15314750,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,ValentinBk,"A review of the gore effects in Depth. Verdict - not bad, but not exceptional eitherhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVEuvY_hFYw"
76561198045514486,Recommended,274940,13455636,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,The Augmented Gorilla,"Depth is a refreshingly unique multiplayer game!  When so many other games on the market stumble to create a balanced asymetrical multiplayer Depth pulls it off effortlessly.  The feeling of being a diver in the dark depths when all of a sudden you hear your heart beating. You know a shark is around, and someone is not going to walk away from this battle alive!Depth has been supported greatly by some fantastic developers. I highly recommend picking this one up!"
76561198047797667,Recommended,274940,19793805,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,OneSneakyBastid_Few,"Absolutely a must buy when you can catch it on sale and if you have several friends to play it with.Pros:+Very atmospheric+A good amount of maps to play on, all very well made+The sounds your friends make when you grab them as a shark is priceless+Solid gameplay, haven't seen any glitches or bugs yet+Only cosmetic items for dlc, nothing that gives you an edge over other players+Fun. Pure and simple.Cons:-The community is hit or miss. Some people are nice, some are silent killers, some are elitist jerks-Bots are MLG pro 2.0 on medium and hard-DLC costs way too much for just skins. 1 shark skin for $6? Come on guys-Not for the feint of heart, or people with anxiety issues-Only 3 game types to choose from, everyone usualy only plays 1.-Not much fun if you don't have friendsLike I said above, grab this game when it goes on sale and get a few friends to grab it too and you will have a lot of fun with them."
76561198117456375,Recommended,274940,25478299,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,gg,this game is a great fps..you play as a shark in a team of 2 or as a diver in a team of 5..the object of a shark is to kill divers before they reach the end point and the objective for divers is to kill the sharks off or make it to the endpoint...this game gets the hart pumping
,Recommended,274940,12783401,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Nyaaarrrgh,THIS. This is awesome. 100% definitely grab this if you are looking for an entertaining multiplayer game.
76561198132925205,Recommended,274940,13116258,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Tree Technician,"Storytime.  S.T.E.V.E. was literally already in the crane and on his way back up to the Captain but I tore that last diver to pieces. A blood red scoreboard tells me Sharks Won. Apparently the Captain can keep his gold. I just ate 32 divers in one round as a shark. This is not a fair game, but it is a well balanced game. How could it be fair to play 2 vs 4? In the end, it's just an issue of instincts and timing. If you play shooters then you know how to play Depth.It's the free-play weekend and at level 77, played this game 156 hours, it's july played continuously since last November. Game is constantly improving. I always go Thresher.Original:Easily among the best PvP games I've ever played. Its 4 divers collecting treasure while 2 sharks attack them ferociously. Sometimes you get a bad team of divers who just swim out into open water and get eaten again and again so look out for that. Nobody seems to be using microphones yet and that would be useful for both teams. Perfect balance of picturesque graphics and heart-pounding, fast-paced gameplay.ReEdit:EDITOh my love, where do I begin? The first 100 hours was nothing like what happened after that. This game is Counter Strike crossed with Elite Dangerous, once you have mastered the tools (and use your microphone). I was hoping for a game to help me get ready for Evolve, but that game was a POS. Depth is a million times better than Evolve for a creature shooter because having two of the monster team is much more likely to produce a good round even after match-making. I can only compare this game to Natural Selection because it has such radically different team abilities on the two sides. The game is simply not the same for the divers and the sharks.In the beginning, you try to make sense of the diver tools under fire by the sharks or else you go straight to sharking. Turn up your brightness (past the extra 20% if you want to shoot like the leaderboarders) and get ready for knee jerking action because some of the sharks out there are too fierce to mess with unless you have quick reflexes and strong communication skills. I once called out a friend for only playing as a shark, but then I found that the true joy of Depth is in calling it SHARK SIMULATOR! Still, I try to keep my diver:shark games to 1:1. Once you become a deadly shark, well then you discover the true apex predator in the ocean, the top 10 leaderboard DIVERS. These guys will skewer all 32 sharks in short work and getting hunted down by these users is the most terrifying experience of my life.The thrill of the game isn't in the kill but in the chase and it gets my heart pounding out of my chest. It's safe to say I love Depth even more than Counter Strike and that's just how it is.I play the game using a Razer Orbweaver where the thumbstick/arrowkeys are bound as my ascend, strafe left, descend, strafe right. Then bound forward to R, sprint to E, and backwards to W. This lets me slide with the thumb and turn with the mouse. Highly co-ordinated. Hard to shoot. Gonna eat u. **I even use this config as the diver and get massive bangs!"
,Recommended,274940,28932053,Posted: 2 January,all,The Horror Network | Embalmer,"Depth is a multiplayer-exclusive game that takes place far within the ocean. Upon joining a game with a total of six people, including yourself, you will either be one of four divers or one of two sharks. Over the last two and a half years, the developers have managed to keep this small indie title alive by hosting both paid-for and free events, similar to the operations in Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, where players gain event coins and unlock new skins and prizes by leveling their coin up.Personally, I'm not one for most multiplayer games since a lot of them have a fanbase comprised of either pre-teen crap talkers or overly competitive ""git gud"" players that will kick you if you're not top notch at what you're doing; rarely do you meet people in these high-end, popular multiplayer titles who are as casual as you are. Other than the fresh gameplay, that's what I've enjoyed the most about Depth so far, is that its player base are mostly genuinely helpful and good natured. Sure, you still get the random rage quitters and the odd ""I'm trying to insult you but all I can think of are homophobic slurs"" kids, but they're few and far between. This title also surprisingly has a big and active player base for an indie title that's heading into its third year, and finding a game fast is always easy.As a diver, your goal is to collect treasure and make it back to the ship alive. Grabbing treasure and giving it to S.T.E.V.E., an AI controlled robot who is tasked with opening pre-designated treasure chests, gives your entire team a money boost. You'll use your money to upgrade your guns, buy new ones, and also purchase consumables; sonar, bombs, auto-turrets, etc. As a shark, it's your duty to see to it that the divers never make it out of the ocean. They show up as red outlines on the screen, and once you have a diver close enough, you can rush at them and grab them, then shake them until they're dead. Each team starts out with 30 ""life tickets"", and the game is won when all of one teams' life tickets are depleted and no player is left alive, or when the divers reach the surface.I have found that the ratio of being placed on the shark team is very low, for myself personally out of about 50 games I've been a shark maybe 5 times. This is the biggest gripe that I do have about Depth, since when I finally am able to be a shark, I have no tactics or experience and generally end up losing due to this. There are also multiple sharks that you can choose to be, from the Great White to the Hammerhead and Mako. Each shark has their own special evolution ability that can be leveled up three times with evolution points, which are earned from killing divers.Although there are three game types, the one that you'll play almost all of the time is Blood and Gold, where you scour for treasure as I mentioned above. There's also the Megalodon Hunt, but I've yet to experience anyone playing it online recently. All of the gameplay takes place across 12 different maps, which have their own atmosphere and look to them; from bright blue seas to dark, grisly depths. I should also mention that there's a leveling system in place, and the more matches you play, the more experience you earn. You also unlock new equipment and perks through leveling up. However, I do find the aforementioned point to be one of the downsides of Depth, seeing as it gives others an advantage over you if they're a higher level.When it comes right down to it, Depth is an extremely solid multiplayer game with an active player base that isn't filled with turd nuggets. The events are a good sign that the creators of the title are thinking about how to keep it alive for years to come. Creating tactics as a shark can take some getting used to, especially if you're unlucky and rarely get to be one, although doing the same as a diver can be tricky as well until you get to know the game. Though the only real downside is its repetitive nature, the bottom line is that if you're down with multiplayer games, Depth is an experience that isn't to be missed despite the few short-comings that it houses.Rating:5.0/5.0- Excellent, highly worth playing.The Horror NetworkCurator|GroupClick for Gore"
76561197995566346,Recommended,274940,12790167,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Cuppasoop,"A pretty good game, as far as I'm concerned. Unlike many games involving humans fighting some kind of animal/monster, both sides are actually pretty fun to play; playing as a shark is, of course, awesome (and it's fun to mess with the players before outright chomping them), and playing as the humans is pretty intense, especially when playing against competent sharks.Whether or not it's worth the price is debatable. I know that, with cheaper and even free-to-play shooters out there, the price tag might put people off, but it's gorgeous, fun, and fairly unique.I really hope this game gets popular, and that the developers continue working on it."
,Recommended,274940,29209711,Posted: 12 January,all,Meatstorm,"It's good to see that Depth is still going strong and getting more content. Hats off to the devsAwesome game, especially if you have friends who would play with you :("
,Recommended,274940,32163734,Posted: 3 June,all,мяFunreal,"get five friends and play as four divers vs two sharks. it's fun.Unfortunately the default online mode has no level grouping. I played as a lvl 10 diver vs two lvl 100 sharks at once, whilst my team had players between lvl 0 and 50. Very unbalanced."
,Recommended,274940,28678864,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,skavenqs,i highly recommend this game! not a lot of hour on it but a lot of fun.If you can gather some friends to play with it's even better!Both gameplay are cool and seems balance to me!
76561198043938050,Recommended,274940,26480908,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Shock_Tart,Very fun game but there needs to be a few more game modes and a serious balance between sharks and divers.
76561197995238758,Recommended,274940,12781882,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Hobb_Bomb,"I've only logged an hour so far, but I have to say so far I think my instincts were spot on. This was a game that to me was a great concept, now appears to have been executed very well.Depth features a very simple, limited-life based gather treasure and fend off the sharks playstyle. It is not complicated at all but very nuanced. The guns feel good. The Sharks feel great. This is clearly developed by people who were just as excited to play this game as they were to make it.The game is also quite beautiful and the atmosphere is the right amount of equal parts ominous and fascinating. Best played with headphones.Great buy for 25bucks compared to the full retail price of these AAA titles. Get a few friends and go in on a four pack, you wont regret it if you like games team-centric shooters"
,Recommended,274940,30580192,Posted: 17 March,all,Wireflower,"I absolutely adore this game. Fun to play, with new events all the time. Every match is a new experience. Well worth the 20 dollars I paid for.Edit: I now have over 100 hours in the game, and this review still holds true!"
,Recommended,274940,12810828,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Punny Bunny,"I played a few matches in Depth last night, and had an absolute blast. Being a diver is a claustrophobic, dark, terror-driven nightmare where you have to gather treasure as you carefully move from point to point. Your defense against the predatory sharks consists of:- regular guns (pistols, machine guns)- spear/harpoon guns- useful consumable items like flares and mines.These are purchased via a CS:GO-like economy system; want more cash to upgrade to a better weapon? You have to take the risk of moving away from the designated path to grab more loot (and be an easier target for fast-moving teeth!).Playing as the sharks, on the other hand, is equally exhilarating, but from a position of delicate power instead of insane fear. You are essentially a glass-cannon archetype: able to inflict immense bursts of damage via razor-sharp teeth (and, later, via brutal charges using your dangerous fins), but able to be taken down with only a few shots from a wary diver's pistol...or a single harpoon. You have the ability to effortless glide through the murky waters (and it is dark!) and explode out of the shadows to rip an unknowing diver to literal pieces. Your abilities include forceful dashes (a small one and a larger one) and sprints that consume various amounts from a slowly-refilling pool of energy; once you grab hold of a diver, you thrash your mouse back and forth to tear the flailing swimmer limb from limb. You can also break through weak points in walls, ceiling, and floors! Lastly, your upgrades consist of unique predator traits like the ability to spot mines more easily, slice apart divers with serrated fins, regenerate health after a successful kill, and many others.TL;DR - Depth is a 2v4 (two sharks vs four divers) asymmetric PvP multiplayer indie game (you can play in parties of 6 if you want to hear only your best buds' shrieks of panic). If you haven't given Depth a whirl, I can't recommend it enough. It's fresh, visceral, intense, and an absolute blast to play with friends or against random internet strangers."
,Recommended,274940,13222286,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Fuck BMG,"""Dude my heart is thumping!""""Don't worry we have mines on all entrances""""HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥THEY BUSTED THROUGH THE ROOF!""10/10 so many mangled bodies"
,Recommended,274940,13456055,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,[Mush]Mspaint,"BEFORE I STARTED PLAYING THIS HOW WAS MY FEELING OF THE GAMEhad no feelings, i saw some picture of the meny and it did not look promising.WHEN I TRIED IT HOW CAN IT BE COMPARED TO THE HYPE I HAD:was very positive when trying it, good float and action is not missing :), cool to play both shark and diver, feels polished and Over powered the one way or the other.TOP 3 I LIKE1. sharks have a tendency to scare me really in this game, they attack so fast i jump to the seat.2. like call of duty underwater3. they push updates fast, and it seems like the team love to have fun with their game like updating with adding Megaladon vs divers.TOP 3 I DONT LIKE1. meny ui, looks so old2. more modes maybe, but im not tired of what we have now.3. more guns and stuff maybe, i have not unlocked all and dont know what is max of items, im just level 9 and unlock some new stuff every level so i just talk as of what i have now.So overall points by me given are 1/10 where 10 is max.Single player experience: noneMultiplayer experience:    8/10Graphics:                          8/10Developer update game:  7/10Developer informing us about their team and state of game: 7/10IS THE GAME WORTH IT?YES its cheap and having a great time with it, i cant wait until i will log back in :)Screen: BenQ 27"" 3D LED XL2720Z (1920x1080, 144Hz, 1ms, 12m:1, VGA/DVI/2xHDMI/DP)AMD FX (tm)-8350 Eight-Core Processor (8 CPUs), -4.0GHzNVIDIA GeForce GTX 770 (4gb Memory)24576MB Memory- Mspaint out"
76561198051824668,Recommended,274940,13487309,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Bishop06,"I thought this was going to be cheap, and boring, but it wasn't and im hooked no pun ....addicted , love to chomp divers , and you can just hang around you need to flank as a sharkand use speed and quick wit to escape alive with supper..... fun when u get on a roll"
,Recommended,274940,22685789,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,[TCC] Muffin Man,This game is amazing! Can't beat the price it is at right now. I am very excited to see what this game holds in the future!Have not played a game this fun in along time! keep up the great work!
76561198048138836,Recommended,274940,22730066,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,LowSpeedHighDrag,"+Pretty fun, unique idea for a game.+Cute sharks.+Spooky mutant sharks.+Intenese gameplay, it's easy to get into the feel of being hunted by a killer shark.-Sharks can be difficult to conrtol precisly, especially on smaller maps.-somewhat demanding on my dated computer-AI OP pls nerf"
,Recommended,274940,25043682,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,*E^ Miami_Max Chris,"I really didn't think I would like this game, but all it took was a FREE weekend demo and I find it a fascinating and interesting game. Different from anything I have ever played before. Mostly I stick to FPS and driving games such as my favorite Tactical Intervention which has both FPS and driving together so its my favorite game. But Depth offers a total ""other world"" experience both pragmatically and literally in that in effect it offers FPS and scuba diving as well as taking on the persona of THE SHARK...LOL! Which is probably the most unique feature I have ever experienced in any game. While it is not over simple in that there is a very small learning curve it is a very small curve especially after completing the free game tutorial. As a matter of fact if you complete the tutorial you are even rewarded for that with a free skin that you would have to otherwise purchase with in game money! After the tutorial you have pretty much over come the learning curve and you will know how to play. I would recommend this game to any FPS player looking for something unique and different. I will buy it now that I have tried it whether it was on sale or not. The game is at a great price this weekend but I would buy it at full price now that I have tried it. Its well worth the money even at full price. You won't be dissapointed with this game. It is a lot of fun. Buy it!"
,Recommended,274940,25101704,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Felofh,You would think it would become repetitive but my little shark brain knows nothing other than the taste of blood.10/10 would recommend always playing jaws theme song while in game.
,Recommended,274940,26425266,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Baguette Guy bets.gg,"Really good game with good mechanics even though it lacks some aspects.The things that can be improved are animations, graphics and stuff like that,maybe shark vs human balanceAnd ranking system should be added as well.If there was a ranking system i would play this game a lot5/7"
,Recommended,274940,31087135,Posted: 11 April,all,Mama Lucy Diclonius (Elfen Lied),cool
,Recommended,274940,28351242,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Dumber Than A Box of Rocks,"I played this for a solid 10 hours at first and got tired of it, but on sale I recommend this 100%, great gameplay and scary sharks :3"
,Recommended,274940,13917572,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Gamzee Makara[CLWN],This game is awesome. It looks good and feels good and offers a unique playing style for each side.
76561198047677676,Recommended,274940,14190658,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,folded,"Depth is a great game, especially if you like the asymetrical combat. Both shark and diver modes are enjoyable and require completely different skills. Since the rounds are short it's a great game to play when you don't have much time. Another cool aspect of the game for me is that the main game is 2 sharks, vs 4 divers, so I can play with my signifigant other as a SHARK TEAM.Some negatives about the game are, lack of communication (people hardly use the push to talk function), and also that bad teammates can frequently loose you the game. The reason for this is that both divers and sharks share a finite number of respawns.Overall I highly recomend this game. It is great now and I see it becomming better."
,Recommended,274940,13216419,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,CMDR OOM-10,"A very enjoyable game if you want a filler or just really enjoy it. It has very solid gameplay and love the effects for the divers as far as vision goes. The game obviously is lacking in some areas such as gamemodes, although I love the one gamemode it has, so no problem for me. I would recommend this game to someone who has intentions of playing teamwork games and enjoying some good times with others."
,Recommended,274940,22636908,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,LeQuack,"Good game, but the community is going south. ""Git gud"" is not a good response to legitimate criticisms of your title. The devs didn't say it, but they're not doing anything about the people who did, either.EDIT- Heard the devs finally added a tutorial. So at there's some evidence that they're still trying to be inclusive. Still not happy with the community, though."
76561197973300271,Recommended,274940,23648809,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Ginseng Hitler Beepollen,"quality game, both playing as shark and diver is exciting and a well crafted gameplay experience.  The community is pretty small right now but in general you spend too much time waiting on games.  I hope more people chose to get this game its worth it undoubtedly."
,Recommended,274940,19843219,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,🔱Dovahkiin🔱,"When recensiscono titles focused on multiplayer you always run the risk of being fooled by the first few hours of play, both positive and negative. A title like Depth beginning can look beautiful and innovative thanks all'inedita underwater environment and the presence of giant white sharks, but just a few hours of play to realize how repetitive and how little in the long run has to offer. Unfortunately, the excellent premises, especially the personalization of equipment, are not supported by the gameplay, which over time reveals great limits. Add to this the difficulty for us Europeans (it seems that in other continents will be better) to find games playable online in a decent way, and you'll understand why we decided to sconsigliarvelo. Maybe in a few months many of the problems will be fixed. Maybe some good will come hack to add a little 'variety. Meanwhile, if you are not really taken from the setting underwater, you can avoid it and go snorkeling."
76561198021556289,Recommended,274940,13830107,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Bartacus,I feel like this game was created just for me. Absolutely love it !!! About time some clever people made a game where i can live out my dream of being shark & munching divers like snack bars. The diver - shark combat is very balanced & works perfectly. First person diver perspective vs third person shark perspective works a treat. The creators got the play system right. Very refreshing & rewarding game compared to the standard pvp's out there. Easy to learn & fun to master. My biased shark love score rates this 1000/10 would swim again & again....& again.
,Recommended,274940,12848177,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Dream,"Surprisingly good asymmetric multiplayer game. Sharks are silent, fast, and lethal but have enough flaws that a prepared diver can win well, especially with teamwork. At first I thought sharks were merely OP, now I just say that teamwork is OP."
76561198055668878,Recommended,274940,12845851,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,OneHandedWeeb,"Would love to see more types of game modes, to add a bit more variety to the game. Sometimes wish the rounds were a little longer. But this game is fun as hell, as either diver or shark. Can also be very startling, at times (mostly just if you're the diver. You hear the heart beat, turn around, and guesswhatthere'sasharkrightthere.)8/10, without more game modes,9.7/10  WITH more game modes. Fingers crossed!"
,Recommended,274940,30114275,Posted: 22 February,all,[RDR.exe],this game has alot of depth.
,Recommended,274940,13098391,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Mergatron,"Oh, we're good theres no shar -HOLY ♥♥♥♥ A SHARKAHHHHHH"
,Recommended,274940,16407798,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Elsa the Snow Queen,No one told me there'd be water.9/10
,Recommended,274940,13134229,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Frodge,Great game. Being a shark is awesome. It's very hard as a diver though. Overall 9/10
,Recommended,274940,12812519,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Slappy Moose,"This game is really damn good, especially for the price tag. I was honestly expecting mediocre, gimmicky gameplay just because I've never heard of the devs or the game before today. But this game blew my expectations out of the water (durr hurr). It controls very smoothly, playing as the sharks and the divers are both incredible fun, and it's one of the most balanced asymmetrical games I've seen. I really hope the devs add more maps and keep working on the game after release, because I intend to play this for a long time."
76561198090456371,Recommended,274940,13903994,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,jpg.png,Stinky Pete love him some Depth. This is the best game ever. Okay so I said that about Goat Simulator but this is Shark Simulator Kill People Online All Over The World The Best Game Ever! And the game is beautiful! So yup get it while it's on sale. I will eat you.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NAOl39LDDfk&list=UUJitrNqvsMIHQlNBVXlZADA&index=1
76561198041381474,Recommended,274940,12781785,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Kidamnesiacomputer,"Exhilerating, really gets you sucked in. Scary as all hell to be a diver but then really satisfying to be a shark."
76561198048974498,Recommended,274940,13592215,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,rjmacready,"I'm kind of obsessed with great white sharks.  Anyone who's known me for years will tell you this.  It's one of my ""things"", truth be told.  So imagine my excitement to see this game being announced, and my even greater excitement to see it finally come down to fifteen dollaroonies in a sale.  So what do I think of Depth, from the relatively little I've played so far?  Well...I gotta say...I'm actually kinda disappointed...It's undeniably one of the most original and inspired premises for a ""deathmatch"" type of game, EVER.  Period.  Great whites versus treasure-hunting divers!  How cool is that?  And it IS a cool enough game, and certainly cleverly enough envisioned...it's kind of hard really to imagine how they could've executed such a premise much better, but...somehow, it's lacking something.  Er...DEPTH, I think the word may be, ironically enough!Simply put, there's not much to it.  Play the shark for fifteen minutes, then play a diver for fifteen minutes...and you've seen just about all the game has to offer, really.  Sure there's weapon upgrades and shark upgrades and what-not, but the scenery is very samey (it's all underwater, I suppose) and the action is...repetitive, to say the least.  So despite it being a fantastic idea for a game on PAPER, I'm not sure this ever had the potential to be all that much, at least from the moment that they decided to make it a multi-player deathmatch-a-thon.  It's fun - if only for a while - and it IS refreshingly straightforward to just leap straight into, as either human OR shark (certainly for anyone who's played a dozen or two first-person shooters in their time; unlike so many other competitive multi-player games, where you feel like you need a PHD in said game before you can play online without get ""kicked"" almost instantaneously)!  But there's still something just disappointingly...SHALLOW about it all...  (Oh, there I go again, with my silly underwater puns!)Look, honestly, I'm really not that much of a ""deathmatch"" fan to begin with.  Left 4 Dead 2 is the ONLY versus game I've ever found truly compelling, and a part of me suspects I won't find another multi-player game THAT addictive until Left 4 Dead 3 comes out (I'm banking on a release sometime before 2020, but then again, I always have been a naïve soul).  This game is...FINE.  BETTER than fine, even.  I'd even go so far as to say it's pretty darn GOOD, and certainly a more-than-serviceable super-casual, jump-in/jump-out kinda game/distraction.  But I guess I'm just gonna have to wait until someone decides to make a single-player ""survival horror"" game based around great whites before I truly WET MY PANTS in excitement...  (Whoo boy, they just keep on a-comin'!)Verdict: 8/10."
,Recommended,274940,16973662,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Hydre,"Having the server issue fixed almost immediately, I must say this is one of the best asymmetrical deathmatch games I've ever played.Pros:+ The game doesn't favour any of the 2 sides+ The dev team looks very dedicated almost instantly fixing the server problem+ Game itself looks great+ You get the option to play as any role you want be it having lots of firepower, equipment that helps with collecting treasure or support gear like nets and tracker ammo+ The progression system makes it so that the game doesn't get repetitive+ Disconnected people get replaced by a competent AI on both the diver and the shark sideCons:- Time between a match end and being able to search for a match again due to the option being grayed out for a short time is pretty annoying, although I'm not sure this is intended or not- Some clunky movement now and then when trying to fit through a gap as a shark making you an easy target"
76561197983591196,Recommended,274940,13194088,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,SturmTigerElRammstein88,great game! this is the Gem you are looking for!
,Recommended,274940,13205946,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Olemon,I are shark. Shark good. Fun.
76561198042096692,Recommended,274940,13910483,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,ScaryNed,"incredible balance of a multiplayer game between two extremely different opponents: rouge sharks and treasure hunters.To sum this game up in one sentence is easy: how is this game not made by valve???The multiplayer reminds me so much of the good days in left 4 dead 2 between survivors and infected, except Depth is even MORE balanced then that game, believe it or not. The concept is simple but the diversity and replayability within the game is incredible. I've played 30 hours of the game and i'm still pumped for the next match.more importantly, the community and dev team are great. the team is constantly balanceing the game from player feedback, and have added extra content within only two months of it's release. And the community has surprising sportsmanship (most of the ime of course). Even the trash talk is light hearted, using shark puns at every chance they get X3I'f you love fast paced and strategic multiplayer gameplay, or you're just willing get the pants scared off of you or you scaring the pants off of someone else, this is the game to get, (I wish I bought the game at full price, it deserves it)"
76561198040530053,Recommended,274940,13528159,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,LoudLech5,I destory everything in my mouses way 10/10
,Recommended,274940,13487094,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Alereon,Surprisingly fun! Innovative shark mouth controls.
,Recommended,274940,14556007,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Tom BROdett,10/10 Would lose to Sean again.
,Recommended,274940,21115237,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Rap Jarl,"Nerve-wracking and violent. Playing against a couple decent sharks is a nightmare. All of stages in a match--from openings, mid-game, late-game, and final escape--are interesting and are structured in such a way that the tension is always being ratcheted upwards, to the point where you'll wind up swimming through open water with zero cover, zero ammo, zero respawns left and while bleeding out, hoping you and your knife can dodge or stab the last two sharks long enough to make it back to the ship.It usually isn't that dire, you'll probably have at least a clip left and maybe a few lives, but then again the sharks are nuts.Good sharks will bide their time, working together to make the divers paranoid and jumpy and distracted.Good sharks will bust through a wall and bite you.Good sharks will be able to swoop in an entrance, grab someone, and then drag them out into the abyss in one smooth motion that is over before you can even get a bead on them.It's great! Also, people aren't♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198066304466,Recommended,274940,22748228,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,MIsk0,"Hehehe the game is awesome, it was so low price a few days ago I couldnt miss the deal , wich Im happy about since game is so much fun :) Add more maps and mods itll be even more better :)"
76561198059843215,Recommended,274940,22770682,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,BigBell,"Highly recommended. Fast pace 2v4 game. Can have an edge of  your seat experience playing as divers trying to survive against ravenous sharks, or flip the table, and devour pesky divers with a collection of different sharks, all with their own unique styles of gameplay. I honestly have a hard time putting this game down. I usually play as the diver, and it never gets old.Crack Value 10/10.If you were thinking about buying this game, stop thinking and go buy it. Too bad you just missed the big sale! Worth every penny though."
76561198067180360,Recommended,274940,33068636,Posted: 30 June,all,BananaRaptor,An incredibly fun game for the price! I've owned it for about a week and have well over 10 hours into it already.
76561198134122159,Recommended,274940,29684262,Posted: 3 February,all,Fire,Very good game ! So much fun
,Recommended,274940,12789290,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Avelisk,"DEPTHINITELY WORTHWHILEThis is atwoversusfourmultiplayer (or single player, against bots) whereas the members of the quad squad are the divers, facing a shark duo. As a diver, your main goal is to escort the S.T.E.V.E drone throughout the mission. You are ought to (or at least, try to) save your allies from imminent death by planting sea-mines, and by shooting flares (to reveal nearby threat), and by net-gunning delicious lingering seafood, etc. I'll spare you the obvious jawesome objectives of being the aforementioned seafood (try not to be?)."
,Recommended,274940,13366247,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,DarkAbyssSoul ☂,"Depth is an amazing game! Its fun playing around as a Shark eating your friends xDDD its fun playing as a diver working as a team to protect your robot S.T.E.V.E as he searches for barried treasure! Depth reminds me of Primal Carnage when theres Dinosaurus Vs Humans in this one its Sharks Vs Humans. Its a well made game the graphics are good nice amount of gore in there kinda reminds me of Jaws Unleashed but in multiplayer and with better grachics xD I havent played this game much because my computer cannot handle it but its fine i've seen lots and lots of youtubers play it so just by watching a video its beautiful, So yeah buy this game! :)"
,Recommended,274940,14038446,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,SAY10,"I've logged about 10-20~ hours or so (as of this write-up) and I feel I'm able to give this game a solid review. Its formula is very simple but very, very fun: as a human, you must collect the treasure and kill sharks while fighting to stay live, while as the sharks your sole job is to stop the humans from collecting their treasure and leaving the dive successfully.It features (as of this write-up) two game modes:Megalodon HuntandBlood and Gold.Megalodon Hunt pits ONE human-controlled prehistoric super-shark against FIVE human-controlled divers. The ""curse"" of the Megalodon is bestowed upon the human who kills him, respawning them as the next Megalodon for the divers to try and take down. The goal of that game mode is to become the Megalodon as much as you can and win, though if you're not a fan of playing as sharks like myself you'll just have fun upgrading the weapons and slaying the shark instead of actually becoming him. In classic mode, Blood and Gold, FOUR divers descend upon the wrecks and reefs against TWO sharks whose job is to kill you and stop you from taking the loot away at the end of the game. It's hectic, crazy, fast, and scary all at the same time. Divers can upgrade weapon types, buy sonar beacons and mines, and trap sharks with netguns, while the sharks choose one of three classes - Tiger shark, Great white shark, or Mako shark - and speed their jaws of fury toward any and all divers in sight in hopes of killing them and stopping their progress and escape. Both modes are amazingly fun, though the classic Blood and Gold is arguably the more fun of the two, especially with friends.PROS:+ Co-op - you and five other friends via the lobby system. Though it doesn't necessarily use dedicated servers the way, say, Killing Floor does, it doesn't hamper the gameplay experience at any time.+ Nice, PC-centric features - Depth of field, FOV slider, custom input and controls, and a detailed layout make this a well-done feature set. Mouse acceleration is there but off by default which is a nice touch, and the inclusion of an FOV slider is something that even a lot of AAA developers don't do these days.+ This game makes playing as a human or a shark equally viable - both player types have equal counters to the other type. Playing as humans doesn't mean you'll automatically lose to the faster and more powerful sharks, while playing as a shark doesn't guarantee you a win just because you can eat a human in 2 seconds. Balance is definitely part of this game.+ Unreal Engine 3 - some developers are super lazy with it, but these guys were not. Everything about it makes it seem very well-done and tailored for the PC. Movement, fluidity, and gameplay are all top notch while looking beautiful and atmospheric, both in good and scary ways.+ Free updates - since release, not too long ago, the developers released the new shark types and new game mode, all for free. This is a great practice and builds a great reputation for them within the community of those who play their game. Doing things like that should be more common and should be applauded.+ Great audio - listen well, as you'll be able to hear the water swishing around in any direction indicating where a shark may be coming from. The faster they swim, the louder the water's sounds. The heartbeat sound you hear getting more frequent indicates the sharks are extremely close and about to attack, while hearing nothing is an anxious sigh of release because you at least know that for a fraction of a second you're not super close to a shark.CONS:- The Mako shark - the fastest of the three shark types in this game, seems a little unbalanced with the rest of the playable types. His on-screen movement as seen from a diver is almost too fast and it will often appear as if you weren't even being looked at but were grabbed by one somehow. Either player-side server problems are the issue or its movement is buggy but the Mako seems a little too strong in that regard despite being very easy to kill if netted and dealt with properly. It's an on-going struggle to compete against them.- Bombs - sometimes do not explode even when Tiger and Great White sharks are nearby them, while other times they seemingly go off because a shark came within 10 feet of one and will sometimes kill you along with the shark in the blast. Again, could be a user-specific experience but it happens to some folks and I've seen that in-game as well.- Shortage of maps - the game does come with an SDK and modding capability so in that regard there is the ability for modders to bring more maps to the game, but I don't know how they'd be implemented. Do developers need to approve them to allow them to be played without a server browser? Right now there are few maps and though the gameplay is varied the map choices are not. More maps is always better. I'm sure this will be addressed in the near future though.- Slightly small community - oftentimes you will find yourself ending a game, searching for a new one, and seeing one or two of the same folks you just played with. Changing search parameters may change that and it isn't a major point of concern, but it's worth noting that sometimes you'll find ""shark-♥♥♥♥♥s"" and then search for another game only to end up with them again, whether you wanted to play against them or not.Depth is a great game so far though. The developers seem to genuinely care for their game and their updates have been awesome and useful, and new content so far has been free. The game can probably run on older hardware and still get you a good experience, too. It's fun, it's pretty well-balanced, and it's very atmospheric. The visual and audio cues mentioned earlier are great in this game and seriously almost rival the quality of DICE's audio in their Battlefield games. It's best to play with friends for all the beneficial reasons of doing so, but can be played by yourself or in a bot game where all the others are AI and you can set up your own game. Get used to paranoia, cause you'll be experiencing it frequently in this game. It's visceral and scary while being fun and sometimes funny. Definitely worth its full asking price but if you find it on sale it's a total steal.gg shrimpgood luck, have fin"
,Recommended,274940,29689980,Posted: 4 February,all,Cristy Noir,+RAWR game!+Fun to RAWR!+More RAWR!+Gore RAWR!+RAWR nom nom!+RAWR tastey!-My RAWR food shots back!
,Recommended,274940,13744970,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Saybin~Iacere,"Just the fact that they took the asymetrical gameplay of other games, but provided the originality of sharks vs divers makes this some of the best money I have ever spent. Playing as a Shark will fufill the sadist desires of any player, while playing as a diver is sure to raise both your heart rate and blood pressure. For such a simple game it provides intese moments of fun, chaos and laughs. Nothing beats listening to fully grown men scream over voice because they just got munched on.Worth your money. Buy it. Love it. Eat it!    *NOM!*"
,Recommended,274940,29599074,Posted: 30 January,all,GromSkull™ (Wrathexe™)🎃,The game is worth the money for sale money or even the normal price by far. The game is a small community but the que for matches is pretty fast compared to csgo and other games in my option. In this game you can pick between players only shark or only diver or randomly pick one.The gameplay for shark is pretty nice but can be cunky at times when getting stuck on walls or even small peices of walls but once you start playing that wont happen as much.  You can play between a very light shark that is super fast or a slower shark that has way more hp and can tank bullets. There are also abilitys for every class of sharks that are used for stealth and damge reduction and many other stuff.The diver gameplay is pretty unqiue on this game. You get thrown into the deph of the ocean and try to steal treasure from the sharks and they are very angry about it. A good bit of the items are very unqiue different play styles from support to full on sniper / damage dealer.Also there are skins for the game if you like to be unqiue to a degree and most of them are pretty cheap but you gain skins over time by just playing and there are also operation style type of missions by getting points and you get stuff like weapon skins and shark skins.I would say some of the problems with the game would be that a good bit of the game is locked behind levels it doesnt take long to level but it can be quite annoying for new players going agaisnt higher lvl divers / sharks. But as you level up you get more perks as shark and upgrading weapons and even newer weapons.I would rate the game a 7.8/10 for too much water.Thanks for reading
,Recommended,274940,13535367,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,MILF Hunter | G Unit,"It's a game about sharks vs divers what's not to like, frankly I don't understand why you aren't grabbing your credit card right now"
,Recommended,274940,25612618,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Krono,"Easy to learn, difficult to master, this game has a lot of depth (heh) that might turn new players off, but is a fantastic experience if you're willing to spend some time mastering the mechanics. I feel like I improve as a player with every game, and there's a very real satisfaction in victory"
,Recommended,274940,12796300,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Inglorious,"This game is a blast and new twist on team capture the flag FPS. Sharks vs Divers! Yeah, I'll bite (pun intended). Graphics are good and eerie (Unreal 3/4). Controlls are very good. Playing the shark is empowering. Playing as 1 of 4 divers, exhilerating and heart pounding. I would recommend the game. I don't know how long the fun will last as I can see it slowing down after a few weeks unless more upgrades, maps, scenarios are introduced, but I'm having fun now."
76561197998829826,Recommended,274940,21612512,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,PigsR4Eating,"Possibly the best 10 dollars I've spent on steam. This game has given me more bang for the buck than most AAA 60 dollar titles I have purchased. I think I found this game in my que. While the video on the store page is good, what sold me on the game is a collection of videos by a you tuber named Ohmwrecker. These videos gave me a very clear picture of what the game play was like as a diver and a shark, and he and his friends sounded like they were having a blast. This game usually sells for around 25 dollars, and while I can't recommend it to everyone for that price,  Digital Confectioners have put this game on sale twice since I've purchased it for under 10 dollars. I think anyone who is even remotely interested in what they see in game play videos owe it to themselves to pick this game up. This game does have an intimidating learning curve. As a diver if you are well versed at shooters you will be up to speed in no time. If you aren't, don't sweat it, that is what machine guns are for. I am not the best player, so I steer clear of the spear guns. Also there are ways to play to support your team even if you aren't netting high damage per game. I don't know what to compare playing a shark too, but I love it. There are many very informative guides on steam written by players who have the taken the time to lay the basics and more out to help ease you into the game, I can't recommend enough you read them. I personally figured out diving myself, but was very intimidated by playing as a shark, and used a guide until I got my feet under me. There are always people playing so you don't have to worry about dead servers. The small size of the community is a blessing and a curse. Players are mostly friendly and helpful, and you will run into the same players often. At the same time you will often get matched up with players who far out level you. All said and done I love this game and if it wasn't for bloodborne this would be my game of the year 2015!"
76561198208223565,Recommended,274940,23104108,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,"Sorry, still a noob","The game Depth is an interesting game similar to the movie Jaws, depicted from both perspectives.The divers are playing a first-person-shooter style gameplay, where they look for gold, protect their robotic companion S.T.E.V.E and try to survive the oncoming shark attacks with a variety of different weapons ranging from SPP-1 pistols, past automatics to flares, sonar buoys mines, aka consumables. It might seem the divers are not strong enough to survive, the opposite is the truth.The sharks on the other hand play in the 3rd person, which shows the surroundings better to them. The goal of the sharks is to kill all of the divers, or to completely disable S.T.E.V.E., draining all of divers' tickets in the process. The sharks need to thrash their mouse to inflict damage on the prey, and can use the active ability of the current species. There is 6 of the shark species on total right now, each of them has a unique method of attack, strategy and ability, so the player can try out different things for different sharks. The possibilities are huge!The game Depth is overall a good game, but because of the pretty high price, the comunity gets new members only with sales, which don't happen very often. That's probably my own problem with the game, and if someone does in fact buy the game, I'd be really happy to see you there (and maybe tear you to bloody pieces as the shark )!"
,Recommended,274940,25116179,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Predatoria,"I purchased Depth a few days ago and have enjoyed the game immensely.  In this review, I will go through several key aspects of the game that I found to be great.GameplayThe premise of the main game mode, Blood and Gold, seems fun.  I have not played the other two game modes yet, but the majority of the game focus is placed on B&G.  The objective of this game mode is for the divers to escort the robot, STEVE, through a set route on one of many maps.  STEVE will stop several times in relatively safe rooms where the divers can fortify against attack.  Transitioning from one safe room to another often requires the divers to traverse relatively open areas where sharks gain a short advantage.  It is really fun and I have had a good time playing this, and I really enjoy the STEVE escort concept the game is based around.  It keeps the game focus moving around the map and works well.BalanceThe game is quite well balanced.  None of the abilities, talents, or items in the game feel unfair or too overpowered, and both the divers and the shark sides seem to be equally matched in terms of tactics and gameplay they can do to try and win.  There is also a whole lot of skill to this game and I'm already hooked on trying to improve my game.  Nothing really feels unfair, and there's a way to fight everything by improving and learning and becoming better at the game.  Depth's community has some very strong players that have inspired me, showing what's possible when you really know how to play.GraphicsDepth has graphics that I find to be both good and not a huge strain on my computer.  I have no issues running the game with my 980M NVIDIA card and the game looks really well put together graphically.CommunityI have not had a whole lot of direct interaction yet amongst the community of the game, but it seems good so far.  The devs seem to care about the game and announce they regularly add content such as skins and maps and seem polite to the playerbase.I recommend buying this game, and if you do definitely buy it with some friends.  It is a lot of fun to play with other friends you know."
,Recommended,274940,26832133,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,thetick,"This is an underrated game that is a lot of fun to play.  It is simple yet complex enough to provide a fun learning curve.  It's great for quick matches and both sides (humans and sharks) feel balanced enough and just as enjoyable to play.  If you like online games agains other folks, give this a try.  Even if you don't, you can always play against bots.Recommended"
76561198288972840,Recommended,274940,22723428,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,DaftPhoenix1,Awesome game. Easy to pick up and fun to play.
,Recommended,274940,22743708,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Regal,This game has an amazing atmosphere! The gameplay is solid on both sides and its just immense amounts of fun! Would get mauled by a shark again!
76561198145904550,Recommended,274940,29558298,Posted: 28 January,all,Alduin,its a good game built on do or die skill and finally prey or preadotor. totally worth it
,Recommended,274940,25190133,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Lost Generation,"The games Metacritic score is based on an Early Access release from years ago, when there was only one shark to play as.As it is now, this game deserves much more than 65/100. I haven't gotten into a multiplayer game for ages, not since TF2 in fact. This one has kept my attention. I strongly recommend reading the'How to Shark'Steam guide though, as the tutorial is bare bones for the shark.The divers are much easier to start with, since you're playing an fps, onlyIN SPACEUNDER WATER!"
76561198124984854,Recommended,274940,23746336,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,SunDragoness,AMAZING game i have so much fun. It took me a while to harness the shark but defenetly worth it i rarely ever loose a match. So many new items and skins added and massive updates that pop out of no where. The developers are truly amazing worth every cent =) I have dragged a few people into this game and they have all had a blast as well. Keep it up x
76561198134123641,Recommended,274940,29371961,Posted: 20 January,all,NoApplesForShini,"I was greatly impressed by this game. I bought a 4-pack on sale for me and 3 friends and it's been a fun little game. It's really easy to learn, but there are still little tricks you can pick up that'll help you feel like you're progressing. There's many maps and many different sharks. As I earlier described the game, I said it is little. This is because there really isn't a whole lot of content, which isn't necessarily  a bad thing. I usually play this game for an hour or two at a time until I get bored. But it's nice having a simple game like this just to enjoy yourself."
76561198094775445,Recommended,274940,25047926,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Envy,"Nice game, game about divers vs sharks."
,Recommended,274940,12853044,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Spray Cheese™,"Just so I can say, every second of this heart thrilling masterpiece (I guess :p) I have loved and enjoyed completely. This is an extremely atmospheric underwater action shooter and well worth every cent! Thank you game devs, I love this!"
76561198048022041,Recommended,274940,18835413,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,An Goob,"I was honestly surprised when I tried this out, Depth is a game that you don't come across regularly, think of it like evolved but with everything done right. The gameplay is solid, easy to pick up and pretty hectic. Keeping your cool while being stalked by player controlled sharks is a must. I would recommend playing it with friends, for me the experience was amazing with just one friend tagging along. But don't go on my word alone check out some gameplay videos to see if its for you.I had a blast I'd give it a 8/10"
,Recommended,274940,15193470,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,[M]erc,"This is the game Evolve wanted to be, but fell short of. Asynchronous but balanced gameplay in a great environment. It still scares me every time a shark grabs me.Great aspects:-Very tense environment. You are always on edge worrying that a shark might pop out and eat you at any moment.-The main mode has 2 sharks, which is a much better balance that a single monster. This allows for some amount of strategy and keeps the divers from being able to just surround and gang up on a shark.-Balancing between divers and sharks is really well done. While playing very different, neither feels like it has the advantage.-It's really really fun to be a shark. Stalking your prey and then bursting through a wall to chomp one in half is a blast. It was a really nice touch to have the shark player shake the mouse violently when they bite down on a diver to kill them. Seems like a small thing, but really makes you feel ferocious.Buy a 4 pack and send it to your friends, and enjoy this gem.Seriously, it's really fun to be a shark."
76561197969907665,Recommended,274940,12851777,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Sir Snipeington,"Great great fun. The only thing that holds this game back is the price tag. It's definitely worth it's money but it doesnt look like it from the outside. And we almost didn't buy it because of the price tag, very glad we did as it is surprisingly polished and a fun experience.Very good job, will watch this dev much more closely.Consider dropping the price to 15$ and alot more players will drop the money on this i guess."
,Recommended,274940,12784366,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Kurtican Mobain,"Short playtime but have played the beta and so far not much difference between them besides balancing and some rank changes.This is the most fun i have had in a multiplayer title in a very long time and the game feels very refreshing and unique. Playing as the Diver lets you try hunt for as much gold as possible and just defend yourself against incoming sharks with different weapons and tools you can buy and unlock during a round. Playing as shark lets you just slaughter those divers which is satisfying and just stop their overall progress. It's simple and fun!Graphics is not too impressive but it works and most computers these days should be able to run it without any problems which is a good thing.Only thing i would like more from the game is more characters to choose, different sharks, more maps and mod support since there isnt too much content in the game right now, 3 divers, 1 shark and 5 maps atm so having ability for custom maps for increase interest for the game alot!Despite the small content so far it is an easy recommendation, for 22,99€(atm its 20,69€) it's easily worth it!"
,Recommended,274940,33981022,Posted: 2 August,all,Spooki,very niceeee
76561198089209546,Recommended,274940,12864109,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,girB,Actually balanced tho its 4 divers vs 2 sharks and tons of fun..Good movement as a diver and shark feels just like any other old fps.
,Recommended,274940,35160618,Posted: 23 September,all,Roboute Guilliman,"It's actually quite good.Graphics aren't uber levels, but they are quite good either way.You can play as a ♥♥♥♥ing shark, or you can play as an armed to the brim Diver...I love being a shark.The marketable items can be gotten for free from just playing in game so that's nice.People complain about sharks being invincible and that's just BS, othrs complain about the fact that the sharks even kill you...that's the point."
,Recommended,274940,22651128,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,honidian,"Highly enjoyable assymetrical sudo-deathmatch game. Utilizes tension and differing player mechanics to ensure variety, skill, and replayability."
,Recommended,274940,26315537,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Mortem,Really fun LAN game.. Not much else here tho..
,Recommended,274940,12801057,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Liandri,"Great game. Good graphics and the movement of the shark looks very realistic. The game controls and the game itself is very easy to understand. I was hoping to see a game like this, keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,274940,13496172,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Mitchtman,This game has seals10.2/10 IGN
,Recommended,274940,13090737,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,drunkendan,"Unlike Natural Selection, Depth is a pretty balanced game. Two sharks to four divers is the perfect amount. Sharks must attack divers who are seperated or surprise them while divers must communicate and protect allies attacked by sharks. Neither side feels over powered. Sadly not many players thanks to the price tag, so hopefully more players once the steam sales roll in"
,Recommended,274940,31383745,Posted: 26 April,all,sw33tsp0t,"Best underwater divers & Sharks game on steam, made in unreal engine so its perfect for those arena type frag matches. The sharks are very deadly and savage and when your the diver you must be quick and accurate, very fun multiplayer. I rate this game 8/10,p.s. i gave it an 8 instead of 9 or 10 because its hard as hell."
,Recommended,274940,25012166,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,★Blu3,"Really nice game ,and I would buy it, but it seems there is not enough players playing it regulary"
76561198044517348,Recommended,274940,33142203,Posted: 2 July,all,lol k,Yay im gonna get dat pack
76561198020937910,Recommended,274940,13002031,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Gimpy,"Holy crap this is awesome!Bought this game and havn't stopped playing it. The atmosphere is incredible, really makes you feel like your swimming around with sharks stalking you from the shadows. Makes you jump when you get got by a shark and didn't expect it.Deff recommend it :D"
,Recommended,274940,13896693,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,General James Longstreet,"Warning! This game is unsafe and many users have experienced the following serious side effects:~chest pain, shortness of breath, fast or uneven heart rate;~confusion, paranoia, unusual thoughts or behaviors including complete avoidance of all water sources;♥♥♥♥♥♥♥erection that is painful or lasts 4 hours or longer;~numbness, pain, cold clammy feeling, unexplained wounds, or skin color changes (pale, red, or blue appearance) inyour fingers or toes.Other common side effects include:~uncontrollably school-girl screams, or crying;~sleep problems;~sudden onset fecal incontinence.PLAY AT OWN RISK! KEEP FRESH UNDERWEAR CLOSE BY!"
76561197997174946,Recommended,274940,12850080,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Sharp Solid,Good Parts of Depth : This game is really really intense.Great underwater atmosphere with good graphics and details.Also it's include teamwork plus realistic action in ocean.Level system through unlock weapons/Evolve so....I can easily say big fun for both side : Sharks & DiversBad Parts of Depth : Less game mode option(Only 3 in currently and 2 of them bad)Oyun çok iyi bir atmosfere sahip ve çok gerçekçi.Müthiş bir tat veriyor ve takım oyunu önemli bir yer tutuyor.Seviye sistemi ile silahlar açılması ve köpekbalıklarının evrim geçirmesi gibi sürükleyici yanlarıda var.Kesinlikle almanızı tavsiye edeceğim çok keyifli bir oyun.
,Recommended,274940,16978899,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Aleksandros,"Imagine Evolve right? Then surgically remove the horrible.  Use a medical suction tube to siphon the inflamed residue of bad. Now do a transplant, place sharks and divers instead of television tropes and aliens. You now have a good game, imagine that?The game plays on the horror sensation that stemmed from Jaws and its ilk, people are inherently afraid of sharks, and if they're not afraid, they love them, or they love them and are afraid of them. I'd be the latter; I treat this game as unrealistic horror fiction just as much as I'd treat Jason as a horror element poorly portraying psychopaths. In layman's terms, this is a good thing. If I wanted to play a diving simulator, it'd be far less exciting than this is. (I'd just go actually diving) This looks to deliver on the tense, claustrophobic and dark scenery of horror films and putting in sufficiently horrifying sharks.  Therefore the devs sought to make a undersea horror shooter, and they succeeded. Playing as a diver is tense and great fun. Playing as a shark (getting to channel my spirit animal) is even more fun.  The game isn't perfect, this is a game similar to games like Primal Carnage and various other asymmetrical shooters, but this does it right.ProsGame's atmosphere fits the genre it's trying to portrayGreat graphicsWonderfully modelledExcellent animation on the sharksFun gameplay that will keep you on your toes on all times and constantly looking for a new place to hide from sharks (or ambush divers)An RPG-esque leveling system with various perks and traits for the sharks, giving buffs and the like.Divers however get a surprisingly deep weapon customization system, with various ammunition alternatives.Matchmaking times have been instant (but this is free weekend, we'll see how that holds up)Cons-I noticed some lag, rubber banding issues and the like, this is equally frustrating as a shark or diver.Some maps really do favor divers and some favor sharks, but even so, it makes for an interesting challenge. This may be a con for some so it gets a mention here.The game is a bit barebones, needs some more game modes, and more of these beautiful maps."
76561198027598348,Recommended,274940,12829014,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,MonkeyEmperor,"In a nutshell...MY LEGS ! MY LEGSSSS!!! NOOOO...Stupid shark!  ahahhahaha *KABOOM* suck that... stab,stab,stab !! muahahahhaToo.Much.Fun.Haven't got this? why ??? Buy it already, add me to friends and I'll bite yer legs off !!Brilliant game :)"
76561197961354268,Not Recommended,274940,22641090,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,WuTangClanAintNuthinToFuckWith,"Game used to be a lot of fun.  It really was a refreshing blast at one point.Times have changed, and this game hasn't.  Only now it is about as lifeless as the abyss and showing zero signs of recovery.If your idea of fun is a vertical and unrewarding learning curve being pitted against merciless veterans as soon as you start, repetitive gameplay, and a toxic community, maybe depth is for you.There was a lot of potential for this game to be good, but it never really came to fruition.  As is?  Save your cash for a game with some replay value."
76561198058888563,Recommended,274940,13879965,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,INSANITY TIME,"absolute adrenaline pumping barrel of fun, always wanted a game like this and hell lived up to what id wanted and much more. Very jumpy, great looking, sharks are very realistic, level up system is great too9/10"
,Recommended,274940,13699687,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,⸎peth,"Get good enough at playing sharks, get all the ladies.:thumb:"
50959954656103517,Recommended,274940,28733673,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,A Drunk Pug,A cocking great game
,Recommended,274940,18515301,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Boboberto,"It's really good, buy it.We need more shark food.Feeeed me.Now you can jump out of the water and die.10/10"
,Recommended,274940,16993346,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Travingel,that should about cover ithttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o-dNo_gUUvY
76561198141157877,Recommended,274940,13690728,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,wat,"Bought the game knowing big fear is sharks, have not regretted it"
76561198043627094,Recommended,274940,13873380,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Rebel Scum,"Depth is what I like to call the ""Counter Strike"" of  Underwater Scuba Divers vs Sharks games! I can see this game being played in major pro video game tournaments around the world! It's the most high action, team based competive multiplayer game i've played since the little indie game called Counter Strike. If you like water, being wet, and the smell of fish... then boy Depth is the game for you!"
,Recommended,274940,13870463,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Levi the Terrible,"One of the most solid asymmetrical, fun, and intense games available.I really dragged my feet getting this game but it is one of my favorite games to play with friends. My only wish is that it allowed for larger lobbies than just 4 divers and 2 sharks but still it's a blast getting 6 friends together and having 2 of them be sharks. If you don't have a problem with 4-player coop then it's always nice to play as a squad of 4 divers or 2 divers and 2 sharks. It is not only intense but also mildly hilarious if you have friends in the lobby.Good value for the price, even better now that it's on sale. Get a 4-pack and buckle the ♥♥♥♥ up.9/10"
76561198039307473,Recommended,274940,13872968,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Mucker,10/10 cant have a bath without my explosive harpoon
76561198067575256,Recommended,274940,16437181,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Jayzzz,I guess you could say the depth community is (puts on sunglasses) Salty
,Recommended,274940,30252339,Posted: 28 February,all,☆VG☆Lunar_Dust,"the game is really fun, BUT NERF THE HOLLOWED POINTS OR AT LEAST MAKE IT WERE IF YOU EAT A SEAL YOU STOP BLEEDING. you can litrally bleed out by getting shot by a little pistol with hollow points ONCE i still recommend the game"
76561198161710189,Recommended,274940,13885175,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Son Succ,This is a cool game and I want to see more
,Recommended,274940,13518683,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,SoF{GR}@work,feels like paying for  a ut3  mod ... EXCEPT IT  FAKING OWNSSSSS !!!
,Recommended,274940,13169724,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,[(Pi)] JAG |Uk|,"more than i expected, good atmosphere and good fun"
76561198157329578,Recommended,274940,13420889,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,SquirrelMan7,Im glad they put more content in.
76561198070202457,Recommended,274940,13209079,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Satedan,"This game is definitely a good game, based on the gametype TDM the game is sharks vs divers.  Both teams get 30 respawns and the teams are 4 divers and 2 sharks.The objective of the match is to either eliminate the enemy team or get S.T.E.V.E. to all treasure locations and then out of the water.  The sharks only have one objective and that is to eliminate all divers, there are no alternative ways for the sharks to win, they only have the one choice, stop the divers.  I have heard that S.T.E.V.E. can be destroyed by the sharks and that will win them the match but I have yet to see that victory, I have only witnessed the sharks winning by eliminating the divers.  The divers getting two choices of victory give them the hand up in the game seeing how they just have to play defense, once S.T.E.V.E. stops at a location to open a safe full of treasure the divers must set up quickly to be prepared to kill any shark that attempts to obtain a few kills.  The most dangerous point for the divers is when S.T.E.V.E. is moving from location to location because it puts them in open water where the sharks have the advantage seeing how the divers can not move their backs to walls.  If the divers are able to get S.T.E.V.E. to all locations and then out of the water without losing their lives or eliminating all the sharks then they will instantly win.All in all it is a very enjoyable game and can have its scares from time to time.  I believe that anyone can enjoy this game and if played with mates can have a very enjoyable gaming session.  There is public matchmaking for those who do not have mates online to play the game with but I feel playing the game with mates is definitely the way to be playing the game.In conclusion this game is a great TDM based game but doesnt have all that much replay value if not playing with mates, I dont feel anyone will get too much enjoyment out of it just palying with randoms over and over again as I usually enjoy doing that back in the day with Call of Duty.  This game however I lost interest in playing with randoms very quickly but I am very eager to play this game with friends.  Even with that said it is a great game and I definitely recommend it as a good TDM style game."
76561198058251725,Recommended,274940,13460596,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,TheDevilsMum,"I have played 2 games so far, so not much but what i have played is so fun and fresh i havn't played a game like this ever, i could see it getting a bit boring with only 2 game modes but chances are they will add more modes soon, its definitly better to play with friends but still not bad by yourself. All in all i would give it a 7.5/10 and for £11.39 at the time of the sale you should 100% get it."
76561198054792175,Recommended,274940,13604366,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Jigoku197,I'm afraid of sharks.....but i won't die today....so let's hunt some :))))
,Recommended,274940,34780774,Posted: 6 September,all,Flxur,"At first the game was a little spooky cause i am afraid of large bodies of water, but after a while the scaryness drove away and a very fun and competetive game came out.Its alot of fun, not for too long though. It can kind of get repetetive after 2/3 hours.I like the skins as an addition to add more depth to the game etc, same with quests and events.Overall a fun gaming experience."
76561198216016485,Recommended,274940,25050252,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Dolphy,"Have a lot of action, it's awsome, with friends it's so funny!"
,Recommended,274940,25084889,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Renley,"I began my first match feeling a mixture of both fear (of the shark players) and eager anticipation.  As my dive team descended into the depths of the aquatic ruins, it became clear that we were not the only denizens of the deep.  I greedily began filling my pockets with the treasured possessions of poor souls who had met their lonely end on on the ocean floor.  Suddenly I heard a whoosh and the sounds of a struggle! I hurriedly drew my spear pistol and turned towards the direction of the commotion.  A tiger shark had grabbed my teammate and had ripped his arm off.  I took aim and fired at the tiger shark to no avail, and watched horrified as it charged towards me with its black, lifeless eyes.  Before I could react, the shark was upon me and had locked its steel jaws around my arm.  Remembering my training, I quickly mashed the left mouse button and stabbed the shark in the eye until it ceased all movement.  I turned to see why my teammates hadn't attempted to protect me, and was greeted by the sight of their floating corpses.  Then I saw the second tiger shark swimming towards me.  Then I realized...Its the eye of the tiger, its the thrill of the fight, rising up to the challenge of my rival.10/10"
76561198204405053,Recommended,274940,26573425,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Quartz Pillar,"I kill a lot of people as a shark.What about a human?Oh, I cannot kill other humans as a human.Might as well become a shark."
76561198215422389,Recommended,274940,31114332,Posted: 13 April,all,The sorcerer of pallet town,Friendly shark is best shark.
,Recommended,274940,25023118,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,SmYnteez,Awesome game. Sharks. Blood. Treasure. Divers. Seals. A shark game you would want for 24.99.10/10 Left Shark or Right Shark. Right Shark or Wrong Shark.
76561198151992780,Recommended,274940,25090461,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,NoBravado,"Sadly very small population, a very unecessary in-game store, but otherwise, the very best shark mmo in existance still to this day. And as a diver, is absolutely more terrifying than any game ive seen so far. Better than Shark Attack Deathmatch, and hard as hell to play. Almost balanced gameplay. Some broken features on both the sharks and the divers where either of them can 1 shot eachother over the latest point in a game. Would recommand this over any game thus far if you're looking for some serious underwater pvp.Minus the random hacking divers that can sensor tag you from your spawn area across the map."
76561198085406062,Recommended,274940,32052907,Posted: 29 May,all,Robbery,Great game for the six bucks spent
76561197988600176,Recommended,274940,25089573,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Baracka_Obama,"You will never find more satisfaction than bursting through a wall and thrashing about against every surface with the ecstasy inducing audible suffering of the divers, lifeless in your grasp as their bones shatter on impact, one by one in a matter of intensely heated moments.There is nothing that compares to playing a shark in this game, if there was I couldn't describe it well enough. It's a simple concept done well and I love every moment. (At least when there aren't any shark shields up.)"
,Recommended,274940,32163378,Posted: 3 June,all,ﾒ ᗰ𝕒яҜι†⊕ ﾒ,"The best shark related game I've ever played. The only flaws I could think of it are ping (if you live in South America like me), and the repetitiveness of matches due to the monotonous flow games usually take. Other than that, Istronglysuggest buying this game, specifically if you like sharks!"
,Recommended,274940,25198691,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Archival,"When I first saw this game, I thought it looked extremely one-note. Four players are divers, two are sharks, sharks have to kill divers and divers have to survive. Sounds like fun for a couple matches before it gets old. As it turns out, Digital Confectioners have put a lot of love and care into such a simple concept.First off, the gameplay. As mentioned before, Depth pits four divers against two sharks. The divers essentially play a sort of extended escort mission, guarding their robot companion as he tools around the map, busting open treasure chests and safes and other sunken loot containers. Typically this escort will be split into two alternating stages: When the robot swims between containers, this typically forces the divers to cross open water - a prime chance for the sharks to swoop in snatch someone before vanishing into the darkness. When the robot reaches a safe, it will stop for a few minutes to cut it open. Typically, these containers are in enclosed structures, which put the divers at an advantage. The sharks have to plan their kills carefully to avoid being trapped in small rooms full of bullets. Thankfully, most of these structures have hidden entryways that the sharks can break through, opening the area up.My one big qualm with the gameplay is bots - specifically diver bots. The diver bots have damn near perfect aim, which is a REALLY big deal when sharks rely on being fast and hard to see. Having a bot on your team more or less guarantees a victory.Moving on, the atmosphere created by the gameplay is perfect. As a diver, you're either sacred ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ crossing open water, or watching three or four different doorways (or more) for a shark to mosey on in. As a shark, you feel extremely powerful, carefully picking out which little diver you want to eat next. By the end of a match, the tables are typically somewhat turned, as divers begin to pick up bigger and better weapons, forcing the sharks to strategize all the more. Generally speaking, the game seems fairly balanced. Without much of a skill difference between teams, divers seem to have a sliiiight advantage.Speaking of atmosphere, Depth is gorgeous. In total, there are 12 maps as of this review, most of which have very unique flavours. One map takes place in a flooded mine, forcing players to navigate through claustrophobic mine shafts and tunnels. Another takes place on a sunken oil rig, hanging over the abyss. Of course, there's also a map that takes you through a bunch of sunken pirate ships, because not having a pirate ship map would be illegal. There's also an Olmec city/temple complex, a medieval castle and many more.Thankfully, you can filter out maps you don't like, or I would have never known there were maps other than Olmec because IT'S THE ONLY ♥♥♥♥ING MAP I GET WHEN I LEAVE IT ON.But Depth needs replayability to keep your interested, and replayability it has. More or less. Sharks can pick from six different species, each of which has different stats and a unique ability. You could play a tanky Great White, a speedy Mako, a stealthy Tiger shark, or one of the more off-beat species like a Hammerhead, which has low damage but can smash players into walls for quick and easy kills.Divers, on the other hand, can pick from a handful of weapons and consumables. There aren't many weapons, but each one can be upgraded in a number of ways. The consumables typically provide support effects, like the ubiqituous medpacks and ammo packs, flares and sonar which reveal nearby sharks, shark shield that hide divers in the radius from the shark's vision, and mines. Which explode. And make everyone have a good time.And I guess there's skins and junk that you can get, but only a handful of shark skins are even noticeable. Most of the time, if divers are close enough to get a good look at your skin, both of you are doing something very wrong.Ultimately, I think Depth has juuuust enough content to justify a buy at full price if you like underwater atmospheric games. If you see it on sale (like it is right now), don't think. Just buy."
,Recommended,274940,25049139,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,justgivemeanamegoddamnit,"The best thing about this game is the psychological component imo, you swim around a robot that will open chests and other tresaures, as a diver the only real security you can have is to stay in the room where this happens with your whole crew and traps put around.That's when you see something shine just out of the room, you get closer and see a gold piece, and you see others further away from the room...So you go outside of the room, after all it's just two metres you can come back in a single dash... but by doing so you leave your team with one less dude.Then the others do the same, and gold after gold, you're now 6 metres from the room, seems like not much ? Well in the next second the heartbeat triples (meaning a shark is nearby) and no matter how fast you swim back, you're ♥♥♥♥ed.you're always ♥♥♥♥ed as a swimmer.Seriously this is my experience with 99% of the matches as swimmer, stay together, until a shiny thing makes the noob go for it, then all♥♥♥♥♥♥falls apart.... swimmer gameplay requires much more teamplay than sharks.I think it's awesome how it plays on your greed as a diver, if you pay attention to the map design it's very obvious that the tresaures are placed with the intention of separating you and teasing you.For the sharks, the game requires skill too because you have to pick them one by one, and sometimes they're really close together and cooperate without leaving one behind, in these moments you have to wait when they reach specific open areas and just ram through, grab one through you jaws and disappear in the dark, that gets really intense in game.Love it."
,Recommended,274940,25087926,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Sajin Raccoon,"Great, super fun game!  The underwater aspects are a refreshing change to normal shooter mechanics, although the game feels very familiar and is very easy to jump right into.  The main game mode is very similar to a round of Payload in TF2, and the humans vs. sharks dynamic is similar to lot of other games I love like Dino D-Day.  Aside from that, it also feels like Call of Duty, Battlefield, and Left 4 Dead at different times, effectively capturing the feeling of a scene from ""Jaws"" or a shark-related horror movie.  It's TERRIFYING playing as a diver and suddenly having your buddy snatched out by a rapid shark lunge!  And on top of all this, the game has some of THE BEST matchmaking mechanics I've seen!  You can actively choose beforehand whether you want to be a diver or shark, choose which of the 12 maps you'd like to play on, and even easily form a party with your friends!  The only drawbacks I see are the seemingly low amount of players (can take about 2 minutes to find a game in matchmaking) and just how graphically demanding the game seems to be.  I have to run the game in a SUPER low resolution just for it to work decently, but I'm far from having a good computer.  Still, HIGHLY recommend!"
76561197985995760,Recommended,274940,25105626,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,[CT]Lightsider23,"At first glance this game may seem a bit redundant. And this is why I waited till it was on sale to purchase the game.However, my thoughts now are that it is definitely worth the full price of the game and i am happy to have bought it.There is a lot of ""Depth"" to the game in itself. You may think ok wow you get to play as a shark or a diver and do the same things over and over. Although that would not be true. The ranking system along with the perks system add a lot of dynamics to the gameplay making each round completely unique and different.Along with the different diver's and shark's each have their own unique abilities and I think that really adds to the game.The shark is my favourite to play. It is very tactical and can be equally as scarey even playing as a shark when you are going up against some seasoned players or vice versa.I only have 9 hours logged in so far but i will probably update this review once i have played it a bit more. For now i give this game an 8/10 because of Originality, Gameplay, And overall playability. What it lacks in the graphics department it more than makes up for it in other areas.So to anyone who is about to buy this game i will say this.Good luck and have Fin!"
,Recommended,274940,27117270,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Picodreng,"Very entertaining game that deserves more popularity.The game revolves around asymmetrical team-based PvP gamemodes, where one team plays as treasure-hunting divers, and the others play as bloodthirsty sharks.As a diver, you'll experience an underwater FPS action/horror scenario, in which you must collect treasure and suit up with a varying arsenal to defend yourselves against the sharks.As a shark, you will be chasing the divers in a third-person ambush-style setting, spending points for upgrades and planning the perfect attacks on the divers.There is a lot of room for playstyles and tactics. Play as different shark species with stats and abilities, unlock different shark evolutions using points, and purchase different weapons and equipment with various upgrades as a diver. All of this comes with plenty of different maps offering unique environments and opportunities.Good luck, have fin."
,Recommended,274940,25084005,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,TribalHARRY,"Depth is a very enjoyable multiplayer game in which 4 people play as divers searching for gold and protecting S.T.E.V.E. a safe opening, chest busting robot gold-digger, while 2 other players play as sharks with the sole aim to eat the divers and stop them from escaping with their plunder. Each team has 30 respawn ‘tickets’ which, after one team runs out, the other team wins. Unless the divers escape with their plunder before one team has run out of lives.This game is one of the best multiplayer games I have ever played. From my first game I played on the free weekend, I couldn’t stop playing it. It was as if I was being drawn to it. Even now, whenever I think of playing something for 10 minutes, my attention isn’t directed at Rocket League or Team Fortress 2, but Depth. In both Rocket League and TF2, it’s quick action with constant stress until the end when you either win or lose. In Depth, it’s something very different. The feeling of playing as a diver as your heartbeat in game begins to beat faster and faster, the tension growing as you can only see a couple of feet in front of you when all of a sudden your screen is filled with that of a shark. You mash your mouse button as your diver desperately slashes and stabs at the shark’s nose to no avail. ‘CRUNCH’ your body spasms as you are left sometimes limbless, sometimes in half, until the menu pops up in front of you. ‘Respawn’.As a shark, having the feeling of being the predator, hunting your weary prey as you swim elegantly between rock formations and pieces of rusted, crumbling sunken ships. Your screen becoming increasingly red as you get closer and closer to the divers. Your primordial growl as you are but mere feet from your prey. You swoop in with the power of your tail to thrust you, you snatch a diver before his teammates have even noticed, and by the time they get to where they last heard the screams, there is nothing left but bubbles. Depth is a fantastic game but, like everything in this world apart from your wife/girlfriend, it isn’t without its flaws.Depth, although extremely enjoyable, has a very small player base (around 4000 people on a free weekend but after the free weekend stops, it’s between 1200 and 1800 players). For a game like no other, it suffers from a lack of people willing to buy/play it. I, personally, have had no issues with this as all of my games I have played (around 15-20 at the time of writing this) have connected within 30 seconds and people dropping out of the game is very rare. The player base is fine and is one of the less toxic communities that I have had the good fortune to experience. Many people even willing to help new players like myself.Although I said people dropping out of the game is rare, when they do, the game fills their position with a bot that is seldom filled by a real player for the rest of the game. This puts a strain on the divers as bots tend to hang around outside and quickly get snatched by a shark. Although fun to watch as the red mist clears and the muffled screams die down only to reveal a mangled torso, it slowly brings down your teams respawn tickets and makes it much easier for team shark. The same with team shark but, because team shark only have 2 players, winning as team shark after a player has bailed is difficult, nay impossible. A bot shark will enter a room full of divers and do nothing for a couple of seconds in which time the divers have turned it into a shark-shaped pin cushion as it sinks elegantly to the bottom of the ocean like something out of a David Attenborough documentary.Other issues I have found with this game is that, if you are playing as a shark and you are up against a team of ex-Navy Seals (AKA very good players who work well as a team), you stand no chance as S.T.E.V.E. only stops to open safes/chests etc. in closed off rooms and, although you can smash through some walls/doors to make more entrances/exits as a shark, these points are quite obvious and you have to hit them multiple times to break through which, of course, makes a lot of noise which alerts the divers. Expect a storm of bullets to come your way when employing this tactic. The issue with this is, as a shark, you need to kill divers to get evolution points. 1 diver = 10 Evolution points. Evolution points are used to give your shark perks and the edge you need to defeat the divers. From quicker movements to an increased resilience to bullets, evolution points do all sorts of things with the top level of evolution costing 50 evolution points. So do the math. The best skills cost 5 divers in your stomach. Divers do not evolve, but with the more gold they get and return to S.T.E.V.E., the better weapons they can buy, which can kill the sharks quicker. Because of this, if you cannot kill enough divers early on as a shark, you are unlikely to pull victory as later weapons are very powerful.I found while playing a diver, if you can collect $4500, you can buy the harpoon which in 90% of cases is a one hit kill on a shark, which seems a bit OP as divers don’t need to kill sharks to get better guns, but sharks need to kill divers to unlock better skills. At this point the game is basically in the divers favour.  So sharks need to keep on their toes, or should I say fins?The only other game mode is Divers VS Megalodon. In this game mode, as a diver you collect gold to get better weapons (as you pick the gold up you automatically get a better gun, unlike sharks and gold game mode ((the one I have just been talking about)) which you save up and get to choose). Then you kill the Megalodon and take its place. You then kill as many divers for points as you can until you are killed and other diver takes your place. The diver/Megalodon with the most points at the end wins. A very enjoyable game mode that I have enjoyed as much as Sharks and Gold.Overall, Depth is a fantastic game with a well-deserved place in anyone’s steam library. You will have many an enjoyable game in this brilliant yet different approach to multiplayer gameplay.TribalHARRY."
,Recommended,274940,28356216,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Rex Draco,"This game has excellent pvp. It's unique and fun to play. You can play this with a group of friends or with strangers, you'll have fun. Fair warning: this game has varying skill levels and you will feel overwhelmed at first. The gist of the gameplay is you pick up treasure and drill treasure chests and get to the end of the finish line. Think of it as like Left 4 Dead, you go from the start to the end and the evil side tries to kill you all on the way. You pick up treasure off the ground to generate some bucks for yourself to buy some better weapons as well, which can make a huge difference. There is also a megalodon mode where all the players try to be the one that kills the giant shark, but that mode is mediocre. This game is fun and special, you should consider it if you are looking for something unique but plays somewhat similar to Left 4 Dead. Fair warning, though... The game is dead so you might wanna think about getting your friends on board as well."
76561198010653835,Recommended,274940,29331515,Posted: 17 January,all,Graze Commander Type(Gundam),The good:An FPS that is underwater and is actually good? YES PLEASE!Simple yet intense gameplay mechanicsDLC and Skins handled wellNo Skin drop limitGood amount of weapons and sharksThe Bad:The balancing. 9 times out of 10 you will often be paired up against VERY experienced players who can MOP the floor with you or Vice Versa.Megalodon mode might as well be removed because no one plays it.TL:DR: Jaws the multiplayer online game. Good EditionRating: 8/10
76561197978495252,Recommended,274940,12804123,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,L etranger,"Been called a aimboter, because I used sonar buoys to triangulate sharks position and harpoon them in the face before they jaws me. 10/10"
76561198113928184,Recommended,274940,13301467,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Thee Dr Price,"It is a nice break of fresh air.  The game has a huge learing curve but, If you stick with it you can become more efectived. Looks are very well done if you have time look at them before getting Bit from a fellow Shark. Stress meter 7.5 . Team work and voice helps alot. I sugest find some friends on you list and run with you buddys . Worth the Cash. I can see more maps in the future,."
,Recommended,274940,13873940,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Defender of Sexyness,"Great concept and gameplay style.-Very refreshing to play if you're bored of the conventional FPS.-Balanced gameplay-Pretty graphics and detail-Playing as sharks or divers are equally satisfying/terrifying.-Fun game modes-Devs listening to community suggestions and releasing heaps of free content. new maps, weapons, customization, shark species etcFabtastic gamejawesome/10"
,Recommended,274940,13602841,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Blubrass,"This game looks great, it runs great, it feels great and it is worth all the money! So much fun [especially with friends].Expect alot of screaming - [especially if someone is using the tiger-shark]"
,Recommended,274940,33810144,Posted: 26 July,all,SpanishŦortilla,"Great game! The models are great, the overall gameplay is fantastic, the shark attack mechanism is fantastic.However, the only thing that makes me feel like it needs to be worked on is the amount of game modes. There should be different game modes besides the megalodon hunt and the Shark vs. Diver. Another thing, it would be nice if the team would start figuring out a way to make steam community skins viewable by others in public matches.Other than that, the game is fun. It's addicting. It's very unique!"
76561198120696812,Recommended,274940,19759910,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Rain,"8/10 fun. The worst thing about this game is when ever you get within 100 yards of a diver, they glow in outlined red and can be seen through walls(exactly like in Counter Strike arms race). So there is no hiding from the sharks like 1 might think. So just don't expect that. Once a shark is hit with a tagging round they are also red outlined for 200 yards out for about 20 seconds. So that takes out a little of the fun to. BUT none of this takes away from you having to defend your self(and your pals) inside a room(sunken ship or scary tomb), you still have to be on edge and watch all entrances or die a horrible death. Very fun being a diver! But pretty boring being the sharks for they have only 2 attacks(2 lunges, not regular bite or whip) while the divers have a arsenal.RECOMMENDED!*On a total side note. I ran into my first hacker today 8/22/2015. Never had a problem before."
,Recommended,274940,16343734,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,MeatMachine,"Was on the fence about buying this game for quite a while. I am so glad I finally caved in and bought it though! Definitely worth the money, even at full price.Fast-paced shooting, strategic melee class (sharks) to play as, well balanced with a big emphasis on skill."
,Recommended,274940,26464908,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Budrs,One of my foavorits cant wait for this to hit consoles.
,Recommended,274940,35138116,Posted: 22 September,all,DJ ZMB,"Absolutely great game. Fun as hell playing as the sharks, and playing as the divers is a genuine adrenaline rush. - DJ ZMB."
,Recommended,274940,32038514,Posted: 29 May,all,Togelotl,Simple idea+Fun mechanics+Multiplayer focus=Fun with friends :)
,Recommended,274940,26408910,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,seliphra,"Although fun, the game demands you purchase any new skins/event passes/etc with real money which seems like a huge rip off. Either charge enough for your game that ALL players can enjoy events/unlock skins, or don't make them a thing.Over all the game is enjoyable and fun, but the game dev's want you to pay to take part in the events, pay to get any skins/certain weapons, and essentially are just trying to milk more money out of you. Base game is worth the price more or less when it's on sale, but I do not reccomend bothering with any events/unlocks since you have to pay additional money on them."
,Recommended,274940,30972634,Posted: 5 April,all,Biohazard,"I love this game. I've been playing it obsessively for nearly five months. There are always updates, holiday events, and new thiings to learn and try in the game. 11/10, especially since you can play as a shark!"
,Recommended,274940,29838165,Posted: 10 February,all,Surgical3ullets,If you thought the trailer made this game look dumb than I dont blame you. But it's not and right now I think its my favorite game
,Recommended,274940,25050166,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,VortexR,Heart attack simulator
,Recommended,274940,29614763,Posted: 31 January,all,RUFU5,Brilliant design and execution.Divers collect treasure and kill sharks.Sharks kill divers and smash things.2v4 has never been so wet and bloody.10/10 would chomp again.
76561198156325999,Recommended,274940,26640914,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Kermut,"Awesome game to play with friends, now if you don't have any friends that will play i'd honestly stay away from it because you will most likely get bored very quickly."
76561198052021228,Recommended,274940,26623062,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Dracodan,"The core gameplay is great although the game can become repetitive, all the progress can be unlocked in a few hours and you are playing for the skins.There are two main modes for online play and it would benefits from including alot more.Great game core but gets dull. Huge potential though"
,Recommended,274940,15184632,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Stephen,Reviewedhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdIFL3ybFYw&feature=youtu.be
76561198091468017,Recommended,274940,17875016,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Bigg M,Fun game :D I loved it
,Recommended,274940,13073715,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,♤ACE♤ Neptune,I finally got the real jaws experience!
76561198066066571,Recommended,274940,12783663,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Flewy,Strangely interesting gaem . Very addictive
,Recommended,274940,12781052,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,2H2K Ernie,hells yes is all ill say about this game so much fun to be had
76561198181198937,Recommended,274940,22738944,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,LeFoffer,"this game is not ""dead"" as many people think, its still very fun to play and i think that if you whant you to jump on your chair because of the adrenaline that rushes through you (or perhaps the hearth attacks :P) then this game is MADE for you! :D"
,Recommended,274940,30113432,Posted: 22 February,all,jakefrompayroll,This game has been always having me on the edge of my seat. Fun in a social aspect with friends and solo. I recommend getting the 4 pack when it goes on sale and giving the game out to your best buds.10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,274940,33988274,Posted: 3 August,all,swenpai,"Depth is an amazing game where you can play as a shark or as a diver.Each one from them has another goal to win, I still don't really knowhow to be a good shark but i'll work on it, mostly i'm playing as a diver.Anyway, let's talk about the game and not about me right now.As i told the game is amazing from the maps to ..everything!I actually don't find anything bad about the game!Something weird is when you get eaten by a shark, your dead body looksreally.. weird, not like how a dead body get eaten by a shark should look like..Anyway i don't really like how the skins for weapons are working.I mean.. It reminds me a little like the skin system is CS:GO..? I don't really like it.I think the skin system does not fits this game. Anyway, it's not a big deal!Overall the game is amazing!8.9/10"
,Recommended,274940,25481959,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,SkullRadar,It's Sharks vs. Divers with guns. It's fun as all hell. Buy it.
,Recommended,274940,27596508,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Cookiemeister,Spooky sharks will kill you when you find that you were matched with a Lv 100 shark
,Recommended,274940,26279046,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,★OWL the wizard★,shark eat you♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,274940,33177294,Posted: 3 July,all,Kermit the frog,+REP
76561198067558232,Recommended,274940,12795620,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,JC98,"good game, but needs more players"
76561198119597904,Recommended,274940,12785930,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Based Nutella,I ate a seal as a Shark... Thanks P.E.T.A 10/10
,Recommended,274940,12859500,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Wolfie,"It's so simple, but it's the most fun I've had in a video game in a long time.  Every second of gameplay is intense and you never feel safe."
,Recommended,274940,22232877,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Just Chill,"Let's be honest...It's hard to get into this game as a complete newcomer. But if the spark jumps over, this game is hell of fun.You need to play a while, until every gear is unlocked, but afterwards, there are plenty ways to hunt the sharks down or to mutilate the divers.The community isn't also that hostile as I experienced it in various other online games. Aliens versus Predator 2010 for example."
76561198064830429,Recommended,274940,13060116,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Jawsfan64,LOVE THE GAME FINALLY A SHARK GAME ON STEAM!!! my dream come true i highly recommend this game lots of fun
,Recommended,274940,12864675,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Nepoche,Even in the first minutes of playing this game I knew I would absolutely love it.  Games are short but fulfilling.  The Idea of the game is stellar.  I see no negative aspects of this game.
,Recommended,274940,23222276,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Tide Hunter,Very good
76561197973490396,Recommended,274940,17378241,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Blaidd,"Because, shawk."
,Not Recommended,274940,29005607,Posted: 4 January,all,Njivice,"Game is great, every aspect of it except matchmaking. Matchmaking made me write a ""not recommended"" review. When you are a diver lvl 53, you will most likely get teammates who are under lvl 20, literally and enemies will be lvl 80 and 15. That is in most cases true. Matchmaking is not based on connecting players with similar number of games, kills, or level, but on a complete random stats. It doesnt matter if what lvl are you. If you start playing the game and you are lvl 1 you will be connected with players who have over 500hrs on this game and that will make you write the same review just like I did..."
76561198028171483,Recommended,274940,12825789,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Friendly,"Depth is a wonderful game I honestly loved how you can either be a shark ""my fav thing in the world"" and also be a diver the game is so scary as a diver it mkes you feel like the time you are in farcry 3 and a croc or a bull shark comes from no were and attacks you thats my grip of terror 10/10 from me!Once I got attacked a fell off my chair!"
76561198239337414,Recommended,274940,22796917,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,JK,I like it
,Recommended,274940,32108989,Posted: 1 June,all,Sandar535,the game has allot of depth
76561198184688345,Recommended,274940,17119261,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,D€a†h Un†åm€d,Nice game worth playing :)
,Recommended,274940,18600965,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Hmmmm Nice Bike ツ,Intense game! Every match leaves a shartnado in my underwear!
,Recommended,274940,12781836,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Tony Montana,What can I say? I'm HOOKED.
,Recommended,274940,13497637,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Endlesss,"Fun, fast, not dominion and you can tear your friends into some minced meat."
,Recommended,274940,13039376,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Morthsaal,"Good game, good intense gameplay and has asemetric gameplay, ignore people that say you cant choose what you play as. click the tooth in the top right corner for shark, the scuba gear for scuba diver, and dice for random(everyone wants to play shark so its pretty much always diver for random)"
76561197969287442,Recommended,274940,13238345,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Mrclicky,Great game with heart pounding matches. if your looking for something like left 4 dead without zombies this is your game. If you liked the fear you got from the jaws movies when you were young or feel the power behind one of the oceans greatest predators get Depth.
,Recommended,274940,13757754,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,uncledayzy,"I have experienced many compelling and dramatic moments with my team as we fight our way to survival and ultimately, victory. Depth has maintained my interest and provides substantial content for the price you pay.You can ravage an infant seal 10/10"
,Recommended,274940,13710566,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Caretaker,"Review Date: Dec. 30, 2014At first glance my impressions were that this game looks very unique, fun, and exciting as hell to play. Of course that was followed by my thoughts that the sharks would absolutely destroy the divers with little to no competition. After watching a few gameplays, and eyeing it for weeks, I decided to pick it up since it went 33% off. My assumptions could not have been more wrong.The game is just stupidly fun, and one of the best things about it is that no negative stats are tracked. The only thing it watches for are points/income, kills, and assists. This is a HUGE relief as anyone worrying about K/D or the sort will have nothing to worry about. This makes it great for both casual and competitive(generally speaking, not just about this game)to enjoy it to the fullest. The lobbies fill quickly, the matchmaking is good, with a very good variety of options covering pretty much anything you'd want to adjust. Maps, matchmaking locations, Diver/Shark select(You can choose either.)Let's talk gameplay though. I was worried that it would be extremely difficult to control and lose my interest, because most underwater combat anythings just don't work well. ""The infamous water level,"" if you will.That's not the case at all. The controls are simple, tight, and extremely responsive. Once you get the hang of it, while you will probably experience a few hiccups due to the nature of the arenas, both sides are easy and fun to control.There is so much I want to write, but I'll leave it at this. This game will take your worries, and fears and throw them deep into the ocean to get devoured by sharks. The sheer joy you get from shaking your mouse to simulate tearing people apart is just amazing. I highly recommend this game, and have already gifted a few copies to friends who also loved it.Get. This. Game. Especally if the devs continue to support it. If we continue to see content drops I don't think I'll ever stop playing this game."
,Recommended,274940,13898182,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Stunt dude,"If you're interested in Depth, I'd strongly recommend picking it up. It features a fast matchmaking system in the main menu not unlike CS:GO's and lets you pick what side you'd rather play as (or you don't mind either one), shark or diver.Blood and Gold is a gamemode that most people would rather play in which both sides - sharks and divers - have 30 lives shared with their team. Divers have to escort a robot, S.T.E.V.E., through the map as it saws through safes and then looping back towards its spawn. Divers can pick up loose treasure worth $50 a piece in order to afford more advanced gear to fend off sharks - the only catch (haha) is that to pick up most treasure, you either have to hang back as your team and S.T.E.V.E push forward, or move away from the safe STEVE is cracking into dark, unexplored and very possibly dangerous areas to pick it up. In order for the treasure to go towards your funds, you have to return it to S.T.E.V.E. So if you head off alone to score the big bucks, there's a good chance you won't be coming back.Communication is vital to survival - most often, the team that communicates with one another is the team that wins.Both sides are very fun to play as. Each round has six players - four divers and two sharks. The divers are weaker, slower, and cannot see very well in the dark. Your vision is mostly limited to what little natural lighting there is, your flashlight, and other deployable lights such as flares or sensor beacons. The divers do have a few notable advantages, however, that any diver AND shark should consider - you have ranged weaponry that is surprisingly effective, and whenever a shark is nearby, you start to hear a heartbeat. As the shark gets closer, your heart beats much faster. All of this brilliantly leads to an exhilarating experience in which the environment is both dark or a very red tint (flares and red lights), and as danger approaches, your heart beats much faster as a shark intent on carrying you away from your team in its maw prepares to attack you or your companions.Now, as it is with all asymmetrical team-based games, playing as a shark is a very different experience. To start, there's only two of you and four of them, and even divers who don't speak a word to one another stick together more often than not.You can play as one of three species of shark at the moment - a great white, a powerhouse with high health but the speed and stamina of a satiated obese man at McDonalds, a tiger who's got medium speed, power, and stamina and natural camoflauge or my personal favorite, the Mako, who has VERY low health but is faster and more agile than a BFB Scout with a neon pink unusual who spams binds after every kill. The mako is pretty difficult to master but tends to be the shark of choice for many players, myself included. To play as a mako, it's important to plan your attacks and make sure you're as far away from everyone's guns as possible, and you kill the dude you're chomping as soon as possible. That knife hurts, man. Also if you're that scout, ♥♥♥♥ you.Playing as a shark is a very tactical experience to say the least, and unless you're playing as a Great White, you won't be able to just tank damage while charging into the fray. Oh, did I mention you can see in the dark? Because you can see in the dark.As a shark, you will consistently 'ping' the environment by sending out a sonic wave that highlights notable things in the environment - S.T.E.V.E. is always highlighted in gold, the divers, when pinged, are highlighted in red, and seals in a light purple. When you're close enough to the divers or a seal, though, they will always be highlighted, allowing you to prepare your attack without being blindsided... well, TOO blindsided. It's not like divers can set mines or anything.As a shark, you can left click to make a short dart forward or right click to make a longer lunge, depleting your stamina as you do so. By lunging at a piece of equipment (sonar, shields, etc.) you destroy it, and if you lunge at and hit a diver, you grab them in your jaws. To damage the diver, you shake your mouse faster than if you were holding baby Hitler. While you're grabbing a diver, however, you're also highlighted on any diver's screen and the diver you're trying to devour is furiously stabbing you in your shark face - so it's not a good idea to do this in full view of everybody (though you can do that for an achievement). It's a good idea to ambush divers and carry them away from any help they could receive. You can get tagged and highlighted, however, if you're hit by a tagging round, or detected by enemy sonar. In these events, either bail or go all in. Everyone can see you now, even in pitch black.You earn points to spend on 'evolving' or upgrading your shark via killing divers. Each kill will get you one point to spend, and you always start the game with one point to either save or spend on one of the two starting abilities. I won't say what abilities are good and what are bad - they're all dependent on personal preference and playstyle. Eat seals to heal, by the way.Overall it's a pretty good game."
,Recommended,274940,13873989,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Great White Shark,This is an incredibly well done game that brings a fresh new twist to FPS games.
,Recommended,274940,13875421,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,el choscono,"First off, I have fallen victim to the ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ""le 10/10 IGN meme xD"" before, and I'm ashamed of it. Now that I have that out of the way, I want to express my deep love for this game.When I first launched it, I decided to play as the shark so I wouldn't be spooked and I'd figure out the basic mechanics of the game. The shark team requires a lot of coordination and planning (well, a lot is subjective, but you get the point) and the end result is very rewarding.I finally mustered up the courage to play as a diver when one of my buddies bought this game, and I'm glad I did. It's super intense, and even though I yell a lot when I get bit as I'm trying to escape from a raging great white, I laugh it off when I wait for the respawn as I look at my bloodied and de-legged corpse float in the sea.Great game! Buy it on or off sale!"
,Recommended,274940,13887441,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Bananachicken,"Oh my god, buy it. I can't stop playing ever since I got it 2 days ago!(and I dont intend to stop for a long time)BUY IT NOW"
,Recommended,274940,13901922,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,l3fty,ye
,Recommended,274940,13681756,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,[TMC]Warhawk(510),"From the briny deep comes Depth, an asymmetrical multiplayer game that pits two teams against each other in the form of Sharks Vs Divers. In case you are wondering, yes, it is as exciting and terrifying as it sounds. Prepare to soil your wetsuit many times over; but don’t worry, that brown water will quickly turn red as the sharks thrash your frail body from side to side.Depth features two modes and 6 maps. At first glance seems like there isn’t enough game there to justify the pricetag. However, after playing it for several hours I can say that the value is definately there.Game Mode 1: Blood and GoldThe main game mode is called “Blood and Gold” and has a team of 4 divers that escort an automated submarine called S.T.E.V.E. while fending off the sharks. Both teams have a pre-determined number of respawns that is shared among each team, if either team depletes all of their respawns, they lose the round.In “Blood and Gold” S.T.E.V.E. automatically goes about his route, stopping at predefined stations where he cracks into underwater safes. While this is happening each diver is able to gather loose treasure from the seafloor which them extra points and allows individual divers to use these points to purchase upgraded weapons and equipment during the match. As a diver, you are generally better off staying near S.T.E.V.E. as venturing too far afield leaves you vulnerable to attack. After S.T.E.V.E. cracks all of the safes, he returns to the home ship, and if there are any divers still alive at this point, they win the round.The shark team consists of only two sharks with the simple mission: feast on the flesh of the opposing team. There are a number of different types of sharks to choose from, each with different pros and cons.  As mentioned before, Sharks have various abilities to unlock such as different ways to make tracking prey easier. By default all sharks have a limited sonar ability as well as a surge ability that allows them to lunge forward toward prey for a limited distance.Sharks generally can’t sustain much damage and must rely on surprise and the concealment that the limited visibility of the oceans provide.  Guerrilla warfare typically works best, where sharks dart in and out of the driver area, snatching targets of opportunity and darting away as quickly as possible. Another effective strategy is to circle the periphery just out of visible range of the divers. Here you can pick off divers that wander too far from their friends.  Sharks can also break through certain walls, allowing for some surprise cool-aid man moments.Once latched onto a diver the player can shake the mouse back and fourth. The amount of vigor you put into your mouse shaking determines the speed in which you tear the diver in half. Not only is this is creative mechanic, it’s also extremely satisfying.Game Mode 2: Megalodon HuntThe second game mode is called Megalodon Hunt and starts out with 4 players as divers and one player as an extra large Megalodon shark.  The 4 divers can gather loot off the seafloor; as they gather loot their primary weapon automatically upgrades itself based on the amount of loot they are able to acquire.  The goal of the Megalodon is, as you’d expect, to make snacks out of as many divers as possible. Once a diver manages to kill the megalodon, that diver spawns as the Megalodon. This continues until the total amount of diver spawns is depleted.Each match you play contributes points to your overall career progression, which unlocks new diver weapons and shark abilities as you level up.High Points:While playing as a shark is good fun, and probably the type most will want to play as, the asymmetrical layout of the teams means you will likely end up playing as a diver most often. As a diver, the underwater setting of the game adds a whole new dimension to the genre because the player can be attacked from any angle. Divers will hear a heartbeat sound that will increase in pace as sharks get closer, it has the same feeling of the Jaws soundtrack. The reduced visibility of being underwater means you never know what direction the shark attacks will come from, adding to the fear factor. Levels are designed in such as way so that divers are always vulnerable from multiple angles in just about any area they attempt to hide in. All of these factors come together to create a constant sense of vulnerability and impending doom… which is exactly what you want in a game featuring sharks.Depth is great fun to play on pub server, but where this game really has the potential to shine is if you can get a group of friends playing it together, especially in a LAN party environment.The Bottom Line - Value Proposition:Is this game worth the 25 dollar asking price?As stated earlier, normally a multiplayer only game with so few game modes and maps would be cause for concern. On paper, looking at what the game has to offer, I would expect a price more in the 20 dollar range. However, after playing the game and experiencing how unique and fun it is, I have to say that it is worth the 25 dollar price tag and you should definitely pick this game up."
76561198113503861,Recommended,274940,13497197,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,"DOMINO""S SELLOUT",It's like killing floor with sharks10/10 would harpoon again
76561198087560851,Recommended,274940,16228984,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Reptimorph,"Shark vs Diver game play, fast-paced, fun! Server wait times are fairly low, even if you want to play as shark."
,Recommended,274940,14740599,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,QQNoRE,"Depth is a great game that will leave you sitting on the edge of your seat! I'd highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys shooters or suspensful games. 10/10 However, I would like to see more content added in the near future! :)"
,Recommended,274940,13888976,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,It's Bee |Skial.com,Heart Attack Simulator 2015.
76561198058509966,Recommended,274940,18229287,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Suicide,Really fun game with friends. i recomend it.
76561198035818222,Recommended,274940,13877000,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Blightious,"Suspense.Watching three people getting chomped in half then stabbing two giant bloodied sharks to death is exactly what was missing from my life.I am not a sharkweek person, but its different when you actually get to blow up a shark that ate your friend.""I'll fight it, but I'll let it live. What about my dynamite?"" - S Zissou"
,Recommended,274940,13776126,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Thiccy Pug,It's fun. You should play.
76561197965060389,Recommended,274940,13884441,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Iro,New kind of team game that is really enjoyable.
76561197977673003,Recommended,274940,13885370,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Fartdoctor,Awesome game. Not to be missed. Buy it today!
,Recommended,274940,13912000,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Cuttlefish Conundrum,"10/10 wont dive againThis game is excellent. Very strong atmosphere and gameplay. The controls are spot on, as is the wonderfully refreshing underwater take on fps gameplay. I would highly reccomend!"
,Recommended,274940,13497749,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Godchilla,"I first heard of this game a long time ago and there was a lot of bad feedback...now the game has a better reputationand it's deserving this overthinking. Based on my impressions its a quite fun game and worth every cent within the sale price. Up to now I just played alone, but I think with friends its hell of fun!So if you're doubting like I doubted, rely on your own goals you make up to this game - I'll stick to it, thats for sure!"
76561198036033498,Recommended,274940,13702096,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,#26 IS MY SPIRIT ANIMAL,Great concept and a lot of fun. Hopefully the devs continue to add new content regularly.
,Recommended,274940,13911844,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Summer of George!,There's a reason shark and shart sound alike. This game makes sense of that.
,Recommended,274940,13538480,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,GooseBreeder,fun STUFF
,Recommended,274940,13510485,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Fancy Raptor,This is a very good game. It has even gotten better with the new megalodon update. The teams are very well balanced now and you dont usually get frustrated with someone.
76561198064390081,Recommended,274940,16975624,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Peter - Captain Obvious,"Played it as a F2P for about 3 hours with a couple other people, was pretty easy to pick up what I was supposed to be doing.Overally I'd give it an 8/10, it's pretty good funEdit: I have since then bought this game and it is a continous source of great fun! Would recommend!"
,Recommended,274940,12968913,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,v.DJ NeX,"This game is super fun! It isn't very in-depth, but it's got enough to keep you having fun for hours.  Very similar to Evolve.  I think at $25 that's a little steep for what you're getting I think this game is a solid $15-$20 game.  It needs some more content and game modes which I'm sure will come in the future."
,Recommended,274940,17004452,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Fleece Jerome Johnson,Getting ♥♥♥♥ed up by sharks. What else do you want?
,Recommended,274940,17002851,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Izan Kumurati,"I have just recently gotten this game on sale. This game is amazing. I have played it 16 hours straight.  A game of Divers vs Sharks. The Divers get weaponry that will do alot of damage while the sharks get many ""evolutions"" and has many species of shark to play as the following: Mako, Great white, Thresher, Tiger, Hammer head. Theres even the Megalodon in a gamemode called ""Megalodon hunt"". The game will teach you some teamwork as a diver or shark. And this game will not accept mistakes if your a diver as the sharks will punish you heavily for mistakes. Swim in open waters or swimming alone? Expect a shark to come in and bite you in half. The graphics are amazing and can run on weak computers.Though every game has its cons: There are few players and it wont be rare to be pared with bots, The divers have weapons that can rip sharks to shreads easily A freakin' machine gun that works underwater?, Low variety of game modes.Well thats all for my review. Have a good day."
,Recommended,274940,13869685,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,MoonLizard,"Great multiplayer, which includes picking up treasures as a diver to actually being a shark, and includes a very in Depth combat system (see what I did there). The graphics are phenomenal and seem as if it is almost realistic at times. This game varies heavily in environment, and includes everything from costal reefs to ancient ruins as well as some dark bone chilling open waters where sharks can be anywhere. If you don't have this game you should definately get it and see for yourself how much fun it really is."
76561198085410334,Recommended,274940,25018560,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,B O N E L E S S P I Z Z A,this game is cool
,Recommended,274940,13808433,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,The Real Jake,"Amazing game, great fun to play. Only problem is it doesn't have eyefinity support, which is something that would greatly improve gameplay for people who have eyefinity."
,Recommended,274940,16120670,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,toadie,"This game is great, fun and fast. In my and many friends opinion the Great White have a little too much HP / shield, so a little nerf and maybe some small detail adjutments and the game is brilliant. ;DI love the update, took the game to another level!"
,Recommended,274940,14383874,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,JohnnysBad,4 divers vs 2 sharks makes for a great game of underwater cat and mouse. Most fun I've had in a team PvP game since the Left 4 Dead series.A++ would get eaten by sharks again.
76561198143435537,Recommended,274940,15192674,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Carnivorus Jesus,This game is awesome! Playing as the shark swimming up on your friends ripping them in half is awsome! Definitly worth it!
76561198051948887,Recommended,274940,22774642,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Ranbers,Shark Suicide Bombing Simulator11/10Pros:- Very pretty- Can club adorable seals as a diver- Can smell diver's tears as you spoop them by sharking a wall- Addicting gold hoarding aspect- Like whaling with harpoons without the whales- Helps refine important skills like Underwater basket weavingNegs:- Can't eat eel as a shark- Can't club eel as a diver- Can't be eel
76561198060614360,Recommended,274940,22810887,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,lewdlyn,Scary and intense as hell. Love it
76561197967375254,Recommended,274940,22823049,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,<{AU}> Aigit,"Great fun, it's got sharks!"
76561198362892493,Recommended,274940,29760398,Posted: 7 February,all,Vyvia_2k,A Game that I would play for hours! I literally love it.One of my fave games in the world.But as you can see I only have 1 steam game Lol.It's because I usually buy DVDs in my local game store nearby.
76561198027941351,Recommended,274940,13905247,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Wonderbread,"i can only recommend this game if you like fast paced games, and its only fun if your shark, as a diver you will mostly respawn then die over and over again. but theres bots so it isn't that bad of a game."
,Recommended,274940,13530539,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,MFarR,i recommend it beacause its friekin awesome OK!!
,Recommended,274940,18881386,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Chirac,"This game is pure fun, polished but without any superfluous elements - it was clearely designed for the PC and the menus and the Steam integration are great.Getting into a game is usually fast (at least for Europe), and the action is constant.Gameplay is asymetrical, yet just as fun to play as either a diver or a shark, and overall neatly balanced (of course you can get unlucky and get to play with new players against a team of friends, but that's unavoidable).The graphics are also very pleasant while not being too hard on your hardware.There are no DLCs other than purely cosmetic items which you can buy if you feel like supporting the developpers. The game got updated several times, always bringing new content for free. I got it on a sale, but in its current state, it is well-worth the full price.I'm mainly a FPS player, and this is one of the best surprises I've had in the past few years."
,Recommended,274940,13458393,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Chaoticfist,The game is on sale atm.  The best price you will see in the next year and is an absolute MUST BUY for this steam sale.  The game is pure awesome.  It might even give you shark nightmares.As a shark you can tear through a team of divers and just ♥♥♥♥ them up.  You are a big bad shark and those divers are going to bloody die.  Buy it.  You wont regret this purchase.
,Recommended,274940,16992660,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,stevo,Awesome game where you can be a shark and kill humans or a human and kill sharks while collecting treasure.
76561198055925084,Recommended,274940,13904417,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Snappy The Cat Robber,"If you like Sharks and killing sharks .Then let me flipping tell you why Depth is the game for you.1. Gameplay is fun and slippery like water itself so the chaos that ensues is hysterical. You'll love every moment of being murdered and murdering as a shark or a diverino2. The Community is nice so far, no one gets salty other than me and people keep♥♥♥♥♥♥to themselves, trust me! I play Dota 2 every day.3. It looks pretty on a serious note. The shark models are clean and the environments are beautiful to look at, the divers look pretty generic though.4. It has sharks."
76561198088296490,Recommended,274940,18229963,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,It's a Cleenus,"I love this game. But if you can, can you please make a version for linux?That would be Awesome"
,Recommended,274940,17004145,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,AntiSocialBoy,"You gonna need a bigger boat !-Quick DescriptionDepth is game where you play as Shark or Diver.Divers collects gold and follow robot NPC called S.T.E.V.E which goes around the map and opens treasure chests.Sharks main goal is to kill divers and crush to the robot NPC which slows him.Every team has a limited number of lives and both team can upgrade through the game by collecting gold or by killing enemy.- Features and Pros9 maps and 3 gamemodes (There will be more Maps and Mods through the frequent updates).Lots of Diver Weapons featuring gadgets and special upgrades for weapons.Sharks on the other side have Evolution points that you will get after killing a enemy Diver which you can then spend on Evolution perks which gave you more Armor or Detection,Etc.Great Graphical Design with great Atmosphere (You will get adrenaline rush a lot)UI menu looks great and lots of Graphical and other options to mess with.FOV Slider !Progression system (Level System) lots of things you can unlock.SDK Editor (you can create your own mods for the game and then you have a chance that they will be add to the game)-ConsBots (Computer AI) are ♥♥♥♥ing hardcore to kill (Recommended multiplayer only).Divers can really camp the game sometimes and sharks can sometimes raid the spawn points and kill divers right after spawning.-ConclusionBuy this game !Its really fun to play and gives you the adrenaline feeling you dont get on many games.+ the developers are not♥♥♥♥♥♥♥they update the game with user made content and fixes a lot of bugs.8.5/10You gonna need a Bigger Boat !"
76561198092084846,Recommended,274940,22799190,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Angel Phenix,"I love this game but I do agree the community has something to be desired and the game is not leveled very good as stated. I would love the chance to help anyone that is new to this game for no one helped me and I wish I had someone. So anyone that wants a partner to play with that's new or a vetern send me a friend rquest I'll help ya the best way I can, good clean...ok maybe not so clean with all the blood and guts haha when I eat ya, but I'm here to help and have fun. Only thing is I wish the game people of Depth would do is add a third shark to level the playing field with four divers with machine guns..LOL.. Oh and all you modders out there PLEASE add some prettier wetsuits or different hair for us girl players. As for this game it's a BLAST and gives you that nervous stomache feeling when playing a diver everytime I play it and I'm a vet now so give it a chance, come play with me!"
76561198072516610,Recommended,274940,13619153,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Snek,It's so beautiful...You get to SHARK. [No explanation needed.
,Recommended,274940,13905232,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Laggin Dragon,God Dammit steve
,Recommended,274940,13898542,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,-=NIMH=-,"Lot of fun, this game will scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you! great pvp 1st and 3rd person. Pick it up if you see it on sale for sure! and if not get it at full price..its def worth it! much replay value!"
,Recommended,274940,13867792,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Zombie Guts,"Fun game! Pretty intense too, both divers and the sharks are equal, but you will probably decide which you like more early on depending on what sort of stragety you like to use. The graphics are good, and there's nothing more fun than chewing somebody up while playing as a shark. Definitely worth the money."
76561198024991888,Recommended,274940,12958480,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Gargablarg,The trailer promised one thing: sharks vs divers deathmatch. It delivers. Why do a bunch of things adequetly when you can do one thing superbly?
76561198099045202,Recommended,274940,13773728,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,LeanSalmon,"Ive been addicted to the smell and taste of human blood since i started playing this game. Gameplay is fluid and immersive on either team, an extremely fun and satisfying experience."
,Recommended,274940,13894066,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Steeltide,"This game is not a game I'll be able to play for long, reason it's always the same.But when I play the game I enjoy every second.The game is awesome, being a shark is even more awesome.First I discoverd the game to be kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥but then I suddendly started loving it.I recommend everybody to buy this game cause it's awesome and a lot of fun."
,Recommended,274940,13920314,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Kode,i just want to swim as shark.
76561198169982646,Recommended,274940,13721679,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,ChrisM,"This game is awesome. The graphics are beautiful, and  the game mechanics of the sharks are great. You might think that since its humans vs. sharks that sharks would win easily but the game is very balanced. Only one negative is there isn't many game modes and customization but more will be added in the future.Content 8/10Sharks 10/10Humans 10/10Visuals 10/10Overall 9/10"
76561198074849705,Recommended,274940,13871708,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Rabies,Superdeepand interesting gameplay.(lol deep) Sharks are the next big thing in Esports for sure.
76561198079893911,Recommended,274940,16570313,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,powerhouse,really fun to play overall scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥outa me hahahaha  but yeah everyone needs this game its awsome i tell ya
76561197990716738,Recommended,274940,13548676,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Mainstreets,omg I love this game
12323234343255568,Recommended,274940,13626928,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,SexyDiver,Amazing
76561198070415882,Recommended,274940,13510227,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Karmaa,I am a shark and this game accurately depits being a shark
,Recommended,274940,13816792,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,✈V0RT3X❖,"If you're afraid of sharks ... don't play this game.If you're searching for f**king awesome game to play with your friends ... GET IT NOW.Absolute awesome game, fun to play, nice graphics (not to demanding) and also a unique setting you won't find many times.Happy Fishing xD"
76561198075975078,Recommended,274940,13954960,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Laugie,Really fun game to play with friends a good laugh all round
76561198206954561,Recommended,274940,18543775,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Angelina Jolie,"i just bought this game about last week ago . This game is so hard either you play as shark or diver, but it is worth to play"
76561197969385892,Recommended,274940,17039471,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Boonzie,After playing this i woke up in the middle of the night. The pillow had become a threat to my personal security and had to be eliminated by dumping it outside my bedroom. It was most certainly a shark.10/10 will have pillow shark dreams again
,Recommended,274940,31236803,Posted: 19 April,all,Pro_Chinmay,"good graphics, co-op, multiplayer, fun to play... Loved it!!Drawback is you can't see a shark until its too late"
,Recommended,274940,18388708,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,DmnSpawn,Very Fun! Can't wait to see the content they keep releasing for it.
76561198026747811,Recommended,274940,13868005,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Thornstroke,"An incredible fast paced experience that offers fright in the darkness as a diver or sheer delight as one of the oceans deadliest predators!Action is fast and requires a keen eye and faster reactions to adapt to ever changing shark and diver tactics, making each fresh playthrough different from the last!Looking forward to more updates in the future and possibly maps with additional divers and sharks  per map :)."
76561198072092624,Recommended,274940,14184413,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,ForTheEmperor!,More fun than I expected.Heart pounding to the max.
,Recommended,274940,13630466,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Fuggin Guilt,"Couldn't even begin to recomend hard enough. Sharks vs Divers, what more do you honestly want."
76561198001446464,Recommended,274940,18512058,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Kri :Mako:,Absolutely love this game! It is very instensive in the way you have play an focus but it can become fun an rewarding. You can be either a shark or diver both with upgradable options an just extensive mechanics make it so simple yet fun to play. I really do think this is a game that really shines with a group of good friends. Highly recommened if you like to snorkel or diver to give this game an chance.
76561198124312458,Recommended,274940,30737608,Posted: 25 March,all,Tyrantonic,Its just amazing i cant believe how people can make this. like the models and graphics are great how did they manage to make it this great!
,Recommended,274940,29719707,Posted: 5 February,all,Chiyokichi,"-> Aggresive shark - check-> Helpless divers - check-> Have many map - check-> Scary♥♥♥♥♥heartbeat - check-> Scarejump - check-> Unneeded DLC - check-> PLAY WITH BOT - CHECKWhat do you need else? None, go buy the game.(what am i kidding, this game needs player, game is good btw)"
76561198020729327,Recommended,274940,13498558,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,SoldaatBoem,"Depth reviewDecember 2014Shark versus HumanPvP multiplayer game-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Depth is a unique team versus team based multiplayer game. In Depth, two teams are pitted against each other: sharks versus divers/humans. The game consists of finding treasures and upgrading your character. Depth is a players versus player (PvP) game. The game was released on November, 3 2014 and is made by Digital Confectioners.GameplayIn Depth, you can choose to become a diver/human or play as a shark. If you play as a diver, you must collect treasures at the bottom of the ocean. Collecting these will give you more unlocks and upgrades for your character. If you keep collecting treasures, you get increasingly powerful weapons. You start with a simple pistol, after that, you get a whole range of weapons: two pistols, machinepistols, harpoon guns and harpoon guns with explosives. With a special device, you can travel across the map fast and collect treasures. If you join the human team, you see the world through first person perspective.The game also gives you the option to play on the shark team. Depth offers unique shark species, each with own characteristics.- Most powerful, very big (6 meters), slow. Great White Shark (Carcharodon Carcharias);- Powerful, not so large, quite fast. Tiger Shark;- Speed, mobility and agility. Mako Shark.The Great White has the most health and is the most powerful shark specie in the game. It has low stamina. The Great White is best suited for players who like to deal high damage in a slow moving, powerful package.The Tiger shark has much health and is the second most powerful shark in the game. It is also quite fast. The Tiger shark is suited for players who like to deal damage in a smaller, faster package compared to the Great White.The Mako shark is the fastest of the shark species (currently) in game. It has good stamina, but not much health. It can get killed easily. The Mako shark is suited for players who like speed and stamina to deal with opponents.Controlling the shark species is quite easy. You aim with your mouse buttom and click to attack them. You have also the ability to increase your speed while attacking. The health of the shark is expressed in a red bar left of the screen. At your right, you see the stamina counter. If the stamina counter gets empty, you cannot boost your speed. Be careful when you use your boosting ability. If you are controlling a shark, you have to kill the diver (humans) team. You must prevent them to escape. If you kill a diver, you get experience points which are given to your Depth account. If you earn more kills, you reduce the number of respawns of the enemy diver team.Destructable environmentIn Depth, its possible to make use of environmental structures. As a shark, you can destroy structures to get access to different locations and surprise the enemy team.GraphicsDepth uses the Unreal Engine 3 (UE3). Depth is a very good looking game. The different environments, sharks and objects look very good. You can adjust graphics to maximum settings. Light and shadow effects are well done in this game.MapsDepth has currently (only) six maps. You can choose your own map and play with friends.Gameplay modesThere are currently two basic gameplay modes. The first gameplay mode 'standard match' offers the opportunity to join the shark, or the human team. This mode let you play the three different shark species and the scuba divers.The second mode is a very fun and unique mode: Megalodon Hunt. For everyone who don't know anything about 'Megalodon': its the biggest prehistoric shark that ever lived on earth. Fossil teeth of this giant are found across the planet and some scientists believe its still alive in the many deep trenches of the oceans. Megalodon, or Carcharocles Megalodon (C. Megalodon), could reach a length of 18 meters and it lived 10 million years ago (during the Miocene-Pliocene epoch). Some Megalodon teeth are dated 10.000 years old, that indicates it survived till the Ice Age! Perhaps the shark did survive the cooling down of the water. Scientists believe Megaldon got extinct when its main food source (whales) moved to colder waters: Meg couldn't adapt and died.Megalodon HuntIn Megalodon Hunt, you can become this ancient beast of terror. Two teams are fighting each other: Megalodon versus Humans. Just like the Evolve game and Left for Dead (L4D) series, one player can play as the monster. The other players must work together to kill it. The player who kills the Megalodon, becomes it. The Megalodon shark is very strong and can only be killed by working together as a team. The Megalodon shark can't be upgraded just like the other shark species.ConclusionThis game is a good game. Its unique, it has good graphics and it is just plain fun. For me, when I heard you can play as the prehistoric shark  'Megalodon', I buyed this game.I strongly recommend this game!Positive:-Very unique, asymmetric gameplay;-Cool option to play as sharks or humans;-Nice and beautiful graphics (max settings);-Nice maps and environments;-Gets patched/upgraded frequently;-Good music.Negative:-Not much content at the moment;-Few maps;-Some glitches.Rating: 8 out of 10. A really fun game."
,Recommended,274940,22965113,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Idregear,Depth is a great game to play with friends. It's also amazing with the graphics to the gameplay. It always goes on sale and I was able to but 4 copies for my friends and I. All this just cost me $20. I would recommend it any day.
,Recommended,274940,14629655,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Dawei87,Great game with very unique and fast paced gameplay. Definitely takes a few games to get used to but in the end it is worth it. Playing as the divers is a tense experience that leaves you relying on fast reflexes and even faster thinking to overcome your opponents. Playing as the sharks is a blast too and it is a lot of fun to team up with a friend to take on the divers. All in all this game offers a completely different PvP experience that you will get addicted to once you get your head around it. This is a very good game to pick up with a big group of friends too as you can have six people in a lobby together.
,Recommended,274940,22567980,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,IanCFW,Let your noob parents play as a diver. Get eaten by shark. End up in the er with your parent that had a heart attack.10/10 would go to the er again
,Recommended,274940,14540860,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,[`Mister Wekonu.],Sniped sharks in a high corner like a ♥♥♥♥♥ while watching my gargling friends get dragged off into the dark depths.11/10 would get the cave wall destroyed behind me and dismembered again
,Recommended,274940,16989142,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,King Beef!!!!,If you were dissapointed by Evolve then this is your game. Same premise but better executed and once you go shark you won't want to play anything else.
,Recommended,274940,33172000,Posted: 3 July,all,Komuroto,"It's honestly 10,000 times better with friends."
,Recommended,274940,16975871,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Godzilla™,"Lol, if you're a cool guy who watched ""Deep Blue Sea"", ""Jaws"", ""Sharknado"", and other cool shark movies.... you should try this on for size."
76561198257528891,Recommended,274940,25053120,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,🐰 POZITIV ✔,Tha game is for fun and nothing serious.Maybe its even worth the money but I got it for sale.Im not sayng nothing like the game is bad but some time will go past and you will forget about it.My personal game rating - 8/10Hope you liked my rewiew and please dont forget to like it becouse its free god damn it ! ;3
,Recommended,274940,17009566,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Neph,"Simple controls, check!Easy to get into, check!Played on free weekend, mainly as a sharkAte some peopleAte some sealsBlown up by a sea mine10/10"
76561198024205782,Recommended,274940,17010108,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Tea ❀,"A great game! Not sure what is better, terrifying other players and eating a whole team without dying like a seemingly immortal shark, snatching one diver away from his buddies and fleeing into the deep blue before they can respond, or blowing up sharks with mines.You be the judge!"
76561198017809206,Recommended,274940,13781707,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Norsefool,"A really great game, maps looks great and works great aswell. The feeling when you are in Devil´s Mines and look far into the peacefull empty mineshaft that is ahead of you. Then woooosh and a Macko Shark lunges past you face and grabs a friendly diver and dissapear into the empty void again, and again and again THEY DAMN TOO FAST.Great game recomended"
,Recommended,274940,15185271,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Conner B7,"Sharky see, sharky eat, sharky smell you♥♥♥♥♥♥your sheet! (Why did I do this?)Depth is an amazing 2v4 game where a team of 2 sharks are pitted against 4 divers. Divers can collect money to purchase better guns and upgrades for their guns, while the sharks eat people to gain points to evolve to eat more people.Nom."
,Recommended,274940,15178503,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,LiquidSnorts,"This game is fun, scary with many sharts."
,Recommended,274940,16998624,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,plenum,It's a little fishy.
76561198066888527,Recommended,274940,18289631,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Punchy McTaint,"great game. highly recommended.in a nusthell, it's an FPS (divers) VS. flight sim (shark)in my opinion, this is where the handicap lies with the game simply because more gamers are well-versed in FPS than flight sims.it's a great game but very biased towards the diver's side. not necessarily a bad thing if you enjoy a tactical challenge but it's certainly a challenge.in the future, i hope to see a better balance with the sharks.when it's all said though, i love this game and hope it continues to grow by strengthening its weaknesses."
,Recommended,274940,16980178,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Awkward Gordon,"This game is amazing!You can play as a deep sea diver searching for lost treasure, or play as the shark that is trying to eat them.This game is fun and tough at the same time, and I assure you that you won't be disapointed.But know this: this game will give you heart attack right after another!"
76561198150832811,Recommended,274940,17047904,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,ChaseTheDot,"I absolutely love this game, Whether you are a shark or a diver its a very fair chance of winning. As a diver its very suspenseful to collect treasure and protect s.t.e.v.e. from the vicious sharks. As a shark its so satisfying to grab a diver and thrash him around while their fellow divers watch. ( I'm not crazy I swear)"
76561198139557880,Recommended,274940,32714689,Posted: 24 June,all,Gadzooks,"Great game for pure TDM - No roleplay/freeroam modes just pure carnage - Takes time,practice to learn both diver and sharks - after a while you can 1v1 a shark as the diver *Wich i suck at divers, but to be honest its impressive going against one*The down side that the community of Depth has no Level-wise match making due to small community *Might be possible if there was a large amount of people who stay,play - but unfortunately for the fresh meat,newbies theres no way to play at your own level - I have been there, buying the game late last year in the middle of the christmas event - i was grouped up with x4 lvl 100 divers and 1 lvl 100 shark - having to learn while playing was both horrific for a newbie but at the same time, pretty handy and learn from the others.Most of the bad reviews atm are based up on:No level wise for fair groupingLess then 10-5hours or even 1-2hours gameplayThink both divers or sharks are opWould rather flame the casual players thinking they are hackingIf you think this game looks fun, willing to give it a *real* shot at playing wether playing against high levels or a bunch of level 1s, willing to learn along the way, buy the game."
76561198049815631,Recommended,274940,34318140,Posted: 17 August,all,CornDaddyStalk,"i hate sharks and still enjoyed this game, best played with friends"
76561197972027080,Recommended,274940,13595779,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,ZombieGylvan,This is an awesome game.  Fun as shark or diver.  Very well done.
,Recommended,274940,13596095,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,XxRazorMuffinxX,"Don't pay attention to my play time, I have played one match and let me just say, this is one of the best games I have ever played on PC. This game makes your heart race when you are in a dark corner with your friend and all of the sudden, he is dead. I would buy this game again. 10/10 -IGN Would play again."
,Recommended,274940,13576803,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Dodger,Brilliant. Best multiplayer game i've played in a while. I love playing as a shark and tearing divers legs off. It reminds me off my actual life... erm... ignore that. Just buy the game and no one has to get hurt.
,Recommended,274940,35191095,Posted: 24 September,all,Sub,"Fun with friends, refreshing concept and gameplay."
76561198286105215,Recommended,274940,34120358,Posted: 9 August,all,☣Sɴᴜƒlαк☣,jump scared every second ;D
76561198190105937,Recommended,274940,35169810,Posted: 23 September,all,[G00NZ] LOST_DISCIPLE_,"If you're not a crying ♥♥♥♥♥, you will like this game."
,Recommended,274940,25058455,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Jerm,This game has quite a bit of... DEPTH.
76561198157334870,Recommended,274940,20668396,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Sonic Death Padawan,"Help, i'm addicted"
,Recommended,274940,20672015,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Nick Crompton,Evolve<Depth
76561198129786962,Recommended,274940,22757451,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,JHP,Depth is an amazing game. Play as a Diver and escort a robot called S.T.E.V.E or play as a Shark and eat all the Divers. There is many different weapons for the Divers and evolutions for the Sharks.Pros:- Fun Game- Lots of diversity in hoe you can play- Good Tutorial- Atmospheric Map- Gameplay is fantasticCons:- Low Playerbase (It should be harder because this is a great game)- No Matchmaking (Due to the small Playerbase)
76561198076457007,Recommended,274940,22758058,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,ANxHERO,Divers vs Sharks multiplayer. It's intense and very fun to play solo or with friends. Reminds me of Chicago. everyone's either getting shot or torn in half. 10/10
,Recommended,274940,33510114,Posted: 13 July,all,svansloot,"Bolster your already intense fear of water levels, with exploding harpoons and megaladons. great game asymmetrical multiplayer and intense and fast paced gameplay."
,Recommended,274940,34389364,Posted: 20 August,all,Slavoj Žižek,Play as a shark or play as a diver. Divers attempt to collect sunken treasure and the shark tries to horde the gold. You will jump out of your chair from surprise when you get bit by the shark.
76561198055567780,Recommended,274940,34403642,Posted: 21 August,all,JTK,"Easy to pick up, high skill cap, lots of fun"
76561197980054291,Recommended,274940,13804389,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Lucius Caesar,"Very Creepy asymetrical multiplayer game. But more importantly, when the creepyness wears off, it's still a great balanced action game."
,Recommended,274940,14173964,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Gloss,"7.8/10 Too much water - IGNOkay, but in reality, Depth is by far one of my favorite games. It's beautiful, it's fun, and it requires actual strategy and skill for either team to have a chance of winning.The shark team consists of the great white, tiger shark, and mako. All three have their pros and cons - GW has higher health but low stamina, mako has lots of stamina and speed but low health, etc - and their own difficulty level, the mako being the hardest to play. You can definitely feel the different stats and class features as you play them, and each one must be played with a different strategy in mind.The divers don't really have different classes, though they do have 3 different avatars - 2 male and 1 female. There's an entire arsenal of tiered weapons to pick from, from wimpy pistols to exploding harpoons, along with 4 consumables to help the divers out whether it be by detecting a shark, disabling its senses or blowing it up. You earn the money to upgrade your weapons by collecting treasure in both game modes, and in Blood and Gold your only goal is to survive long enough to get your treasure hunting robo-companion back to the boat safely after he opens a few safes.Each team has 30 respawn tickets, and if one team runs out of tickets and they all die, the game is over and the other team wins. However, the divers also win if they get STEVE back to the boat, so the shark's main and only goal is to kill them all before that happens and keep STEVE disabled so his progress is paused.The other game mode, Megalodon Hunt, is a more every-man-for-himself mode where your objective is scrambling for gold to get weapon upgrades and, once you get to a satisfying tier, hunt that sucker down. Whoever kills the mega becomes it until they die, and whoever reaches 15,000 points first wins. The mega's goal, of course, is to kill anything and everything.The game's graphics and lighting are absolutely beautiful and terrifying. There's lots of ambient sea life and decoration, and even seals for sharks to munch on if their health gets low. On most maps the diver get the feeling of being totally in the dark save for their flashlights or flares, and the sharks could be lurking around any corner, as indicated by the heartbeat effect that gets faster as sharks get nearer.Of course, like any game, it does have its glitches and stuff, but that's to be expected. None of them are really game breaking, and after 13 hours only one thing has really bugged me.Not to mention this game is much more reasonably priced than the other popular monster vs. humans game out there right now *cough.*TLDR: Totally worth it, lovely game, buy it right now."
,Recommended,274940,17039624,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Classic | DayZRP.com,Game seemed corny at first.... But as I learned the mechanics I realized just how great it truly is! Depth is an extremely enjoyable game that keeps you on your toes and offers very unique gameplay.
,Recommended,274940,18394354,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Kraftakall,"I was so skeptical when bought this...I hate jaws and i find sharks as scary as shrimps...but...After 2 hours of playing i must say:Triple AAA rating for amazing, Addictive and awesome...Fast action, low ques, nice sceneries and beautiful maps..This game is not about fraging and braging, its about survival, teamwork and tactics...Just two species fighting for survival, trying to bring food home for the table...One of the greatest fps ever made and will bring hours of fun!!!......in my humble opinion."
,Recommended,274940,18394974,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,guegeli,"Really good game! just fun to play and something different than the old and boring shooters...especially funny when played with friends, because then you can start a lobby and play together in 3 different playmodes. otherwise onlineplay is mostly the blood and gold mode which is also not that repetitive due to the many different maps+ regular updates still to this date! (nov.16)"
,Recommended,274940,25074145,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Uhuhu,This game is really unique!For a unique game like this.Where you have up-down left-right movementand up-down left-right dangers at all time.It blows my mind how well they balanced and created a game.Which is so unique in its genre.Instantly when you play this game you feel like you are in the body of the shark.Just unbelievable how well these guys have coded these mechanics.Free weekend was awesome. And enough time to figure out if you like this game or not.They fixed the server issues in no-time even when it was midnight for them.++ for the dev team++ for a great version of this genre
,Recommended,274940,32296590,Posted: 9 June,all,sbt14,good game
,Recommended,274940,16983769,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Askingcarpet,11/10Heart attack simulatorOnly get 4 heart failures per matchAfter a ♥♥♥♥♥on of hours i can say i still get jumped the ♥♥♥♥ out lots of timesStill funplease buy it we're starving for players
76561198135955561,Recommended,274940,17146091,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,htmlmarine,Great game. Even better if u have friends
,Recommended,274940,20138318,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Johnnykun,"This is so far the best shark game on steam. So heres what i have to say about itThe pros: Amazing animations, texture, and balanced gameplay. community is active and the majority of it (except in the forums) is pretty nice. Developers actively update this game and continue to push out new skins and shark classes aswell as events. There are currently seven sharks to play as : Mako, great white, bull, hammerhead, thresher, tiger, and goblin. Each with their own unique gameplay. Currently there are two game modes: Blood and gold, and megalodon hunt. In blood and gold, Divers must collect as much treasure as they can while protecting S.T.E.V.E. aswell as themselves from sharks. In megalodon hunt, Its divers vs megalodon. One player is the megalodon and the divers must kill it in order to become the megalodon. This game does have some minor backstory and is open to more lore in the future.Now the cons: there is a considerable lack of game modes in this game being only 2. I suggested a ""sandbox"" game mode only to get backlash from not the brightest of forum posters. That is another thing: the forums. Filled to the brim with normies and your run of the mill internet tough guys(aswell as cringy memes like ""good luck have fin"" or ""get snorkeled"" just to name some examples). Avoid sharing ideals in there if you dont want to be insulted. Another thing is somthing that i discovered recently: Game banning for trolling. This game suffers from Isle Syndrome in which it shares the nasty habit of banning people for the simplist things as trolling, A solution to this problem is to either A: get rid of matchmaking all together and instead use the dedicated server format like natural selection 2, garrysmod, tf2, and whatnot. Or B: Toughen up and let trolls be trolls since every game has them.A weird thing happened in which Sinopia, a game developer of Depth that used to be a friend of mine. removed me and blocked me without acknowledging it to me beforehand. Despite that though the rest of the developers are chill but theres always the old saying ""dont ever meet your heros"".I know there seems to be more cons than pros in this review but dont make that put you off from buying this game. The negatives are relatively minor compared to the positives and i reccomend everyone to buy this gameregards~ Johnnykun."
,Recommended,274940,35212577,Posted: 25 September,all,Marvelous_Exe,"I tried it for a bit during a free weekend and it instantly got me hooked, so much so that i immediately had to buy it while it was on sale.I was really getting bored with all the online shooters and this one came right in time to reinvigorate my taste for them.It's a unique concept and ton of fun, you should give it a try!"
,Recommended,274940,16432294,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Fan Of Gamez,"So at the moment I've only played 12 hours of Depth, But I feel like I got a good feeling of how the game works, And I really would say that this game is a kinda hidden gem.It might seem like its not too fun by looking at Screenshots or maybe some videos, But it really is amazing.If you haven't played it yet.Please do.If this game is on sale its the most value you'll find in a shooter/shark game."
,Recommended,274940,35310765,Posted: 29 September,all,røverland,Very fun game!
,Recommended,274940,32885582,Posted: 27 June,all,wirret,"Great little game! Quick game play, divers are typical run & gun while the sharks take a bit more planning and skill.Amazing game well worth money."
76561198011244448,Recommended,274940,28443082,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Legenditals,"This game is TONS of fun.When I first got this game, I wasn't really expecting much out of it. Seemed like a game that would be fun a little bit and then tire, but I keep coming back to it for some good fun. Playing as the diver is TENSE, sometimes frustrating but a good scare. Playing as the shark has me biting my lips as the action peaks,Truly worth the money."
76561198276602277,Recommended,274940,31173439,Posted: 16 April,all,Stryker,"Very nice game ! You can just play it and have fun in it or ... sell your CS:GO skins to buy SKINS HERE XDI really like this game , I think I'll just buy like DLC with maximum 15$ , but not spending anymore on it , I just wanna have fun :DI don't really like that I'm level 12 , and when I play as Shark my teammate always disconnects and I'm versus 2 level 100 and 2 level 40-50 , that's no bueno my friend , but the game is very nice :D"
76561198127481171,Recommended,274940,25073219,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,N0b ||farmskins.com,Much like to be a shark. Deeper，faster and stronger！
,Recommended,274940,25105217,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Boner Jams 2017: SEXY NAME!!!,"AORF! AORF!  The sound of the sharks cry as you the player jump into the role of a daring deep sea diver or a voracious shark! Sharks, the dogs of the sea are tasked with protecting their ancient homeland and its treasures from the greedy fingers of the human deep sea divers. Armed with their killer instinct, the ability to rapidly evolve their DNA to counter an immediate threat and the homefield advantage, these sea dogs are facing off against a horny old guy sending countless waves of men and women who want nothing more than to throw away their lives on the offchance of pulling in a few thousand dollars in golden baubles. Armed to the teeth with net guns, underwater assaults rifles and sentry turrets, these money hungro humes will spare no expense at♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥the ocean floor of its riches, and they will kill anything that stands in their way.Whose side will you choose? Hopefully my neutral review has helped in some way."
76561198034606602,Recommended,274940,25171715,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,TerpeneProfile,"I wanna start by saying this is a really awesome game.  As a huge fan of the ocean, ocean life, sharks in particular, this appealed to me off the bat.  I have a vast respect for sharks, but they also scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me lol.  This game hits all the right spots for my ocean loving side.Playing  as the diver will scare you lol.  If you have any fear of sharks, and actually let yourself get into the diver character you will have a blast and probably♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself.  The Graphics are smooth and the swimming mechanic is very solid.  Weapon choices for the diver is awesome as well. I think they are all inccorporate well into the gameplay.Playing as the shark is a absolute blast.  Swimming graphics and mechanics are very very well done.  Its hard to describe the feeling of playing as the shark.  You feel like the king of the ocean and its time to eat some bony humans LOL.Go buy the game.  You wont regret it"
,Recommended,274940,25223822,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,✪|ŦŦΔ_PĦΔŇŦØΜ™|☢,lol
76561198238869442,Recommended,274940,25301202,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,TrustEd,"Awesome game, catchy. :D"
,Recommended,274940,27109755,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,♪ ヴィ・ブリタニア♪,its good
76561198120712980,Recommended,274940,28922448,Posted: 1 January,all,Doug Dimmadome,"Bought for $2 last winter sale, fell in love with it. Fantastic game to just waste hours into. Pretty graphics, fun gameplay, and amazing sound design."
,Recommended,274940,29953530,Posted: 15 February,all,Matthew,"Divers have to get the treasure and back to their ship safely, Sharks have to stop them. There's a variety of shark species (classes) which all have different stats and abilities and the divers use the treasure they collect to purchase new equipment and weaponary. That's it.It's a simple deathmatch/escort game, but it's easily one of the best ones you can buy.Side note: The community is small but very strong and there's a list of players, usually with crowns, that have sunk plenty of time into this game and areverygood at it, rightly so. If you meet them in game prepare to be... Well, just prepare.Another one: Type :awkward: into the chat at the start of every match."
,Recommended,274940,30980955,Posted: 6 April,all,Shrouky,I don't know if I Like or Dislike because it's a cool game but There a shark being killedMy shark Buddys....
,Recommended,274940,32046563,Posted: 29 May,all,modern_manofwar,Just got the game and I am really enjoying it so far.
,Recommended,274940,33076078,Posted: 1 July,all,XERXES,Pretty Good
,Recommended,274940,33277552,Posted: 5 July,all,New Dawn Approves,I bought this game during summer sale so it was pretty cheap. I thought at first playing the diver was the best but once i figured out the mechanics with the sharks I really started searching shark only games. There is a huge gap between good players and bad. Once you level up you unlock really cool attachments for your guns and awesome shark evolutions. I recommend this game for anyone who likes working as a team with exciting sometimes scary gameplay pushing you through risky enviroments.
,Recommended,274940,25044266,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Hesuki,Has quite the stunning Depths to it
,Recommended,274940,25046375,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Slottin'Floppies,First impressions: If you watch a video about the game and like what you see there's no harm in picking it up for the sale price imo. Pretty solid gameplay with some progression and is quite fun.
,Recommended,274940,25048446,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Stormchaser12,Holy ♥♥♥♥ this game is fun and scary. Easy to learn and fun to play.
76561198119515140,Recommended,274940,25083577,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Zeanister,I triggered someone because I had a diver bot
76561197987857495,Recommended,274940,25098606,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,eXe,Very enjoyable game. New concept with a lot of potential for new game modes.Definitely worth buying!
76561198080245704,Recommended,274940,25130799,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,♥.SISTA.FISTA.♥,"I have a terrible fear of under water, fish and especially sharks! I've played outlast, Emily wants to play and Five nights at freddies. Those are BABY GAMES compaired to this. This is the only game to make me scream and sob since I was 5 and kept dieing in Mario. ""Its just a game"" Keep telling yourself that."
76561198061679299,Recommended,274940,31111308,Posted: 12 April,all,Alok420,Great game but I have to verify the intergity of the file before I can open the game everytime. If you can fix this please do so.
,Recommended,274940,32969519,Posted: 28 June,all,HOPE,"Grabbed it on summer sale, instantly fell in love with it.Great game.Pros:1- u can eat people ffs.2- fast matchmaking (maximum waiting time -40seconds).3- has a lot of mechanics (Kill mechanics).4- great graphix, affects.5- overall amazing gameplay.6- is team dependant.7- many events with multiply awards (in-game such as skins , outgame such as coins to show off your progress).8- 12 different maps, each has its own hide-outs & diffeculities.9- many weapons and consumables (Flares , Mines , Medkits ...etc).and much more-------Cons:1- has a friendly-fire (with explodes only) they can troll u by bombing explodes near u resulting in killing or damaging u.2- sharks are hard to get used to.3- uneven matchmaking ( A level 1 diver against level 83 shark with 700 games as a shark ).4- rage quitters affect the game hardly as a bot will replace'em.5- aiming with pistols and spear guns is so hard ( but the damage they make is worth it ).thats what i've seen so far.*Playing with friend is super fun."
,Recommended,274940,35148162,Posted: 23 September,all,www.twitch.tv/keeprock1n,"Best 2vs4 game ever seen, too bad its too dead"
,Recommended,274940,25053027,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Guts,"Phobia simulator 2016, really fun game. It sure has some depth. You'll have a whale of a time."
,Recommended,274940,25107151,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Banana^Tree^,"Fun little game to play with your friends. If u don't have friends it's still ok , just get some friends in depth ffs."
,Recommended,274940,26693176,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,DefunctRabbit,Awesome game with a decent community. I havent played a game in a long while that gets my heart pumping like this one. I highly recommend taking a look.
,Recommended,274940,26894089,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MadMartigan,"I love this game, its very intense."
,Recommended,274940,27527143,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,A E I Owned U,Great game
,Recommended,274940,27591705,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Cancer§tyx,"In a sea of endless games, it's easy for a player to become lost to himself.What does he enjoy?Who is he really?The answer is sharks. We all wanna be sharks. This game lets you do that.10/10."
76561198119213824,Recommended,274940,27600331,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Victimise,Fun game to play with friends and can be repetitive if played alone. Devs keep adding new stuff and events since the launch of the game which adds new experiences to Depth.
,Recommended,274940,27602675,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,PhillBot,"Definitely a fun game to play to if you enjoy taking risks and want something to kill some time, and some sharks."
76561198080782175,Recommended,274940,31110353,Posted: 12 April,all,Froski101,Lit af fam
76561198102396456,Recommended,274940,31158632,Posted: 15 April,all,*Hadron*,I have played this game for a while and I have to say that it is great to play a game like this and I have always wanted to play as a shark and scare the crap out of my friends then I pretty much have fun seeing how I really like marine style kind of games.
76561198137934225,Recommended,274940,32034114,Posted: 28 May,all,wolfking622,Bought this game because it looked fun. Hopped in as a diver raedy to play. Recomended going to the bathroom before playing as a diver. truely a great game everyone should get it!!!!
,Recommended,274940,25383390,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Neon6X -iwnl-,cewl
76561198009984876,Recommended,274940,28212072,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Auwell,Most addictive game I've ever played too.
76561198253491454,Recommended,274940,25072922,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Mrgamescross,great game
,Recommended,274940,31129742,Posted: 13 April,all,ToastyButt,"Fun and easy to play, especially if you bored with a standard FPS game."
76561198135613815,Recommended,274940,32072408,Posted: 30 May,all,Undead,"Every ""flickshot"" is me flinching and getting lucky. ♥♥♥♥ everyone that mains sharks for matchmaking. 10/10"
76561198078576779,Recommended,274940,32702353,Posted: 23 June,all,Sub Rosa,This is probably the game that I have enjoyed the most. It has a ton of replayabilty and updates come up quite often. This makes the game a great experience. I recommend to anyone who loves FPS with a twist
76561198034248843,Recommended,274940,26945518,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Data,"This is a really addictive online game.   Shorter than a round of dota, and less flaming players.  Play as a diver or shark.   Upgrade your abilities and work as a team.   Graphics are very nice.   If only a meglo match came around more often."
,Recommended,274940,29965454,Posted: 16 February,all,Winona Ryder,"This game is incredible.I'm not the person who gets attached to game so easily, and it's very hard to make me keep playing certain games, but this one really exceed my expectations.It's tense, it's terrifying, it's fun and it's really well made. It's totally worth your money."
,Recommended,274940,33065068,Posted: 30 June,all,Axel,love it
,Recommended,274940,27606426,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Crintes,It is very good game. i love to play this game because is very low price (in event) and i love sales.
76561198378433897,Recommended,274940,32073706,Posted: 30 May,all,我喜欢你,nice game
76561198066018466,Recommended,274940,25090710,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Ork Wojownik,:)
76561198271907735,Recommended,274940,27592003,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MR.BONES WILD RIDE,10/10 would rip my friends apart again.
76561198146565734,Recommended,274940,33022144,Posted: 29 June,all,TZavhunta,"it was really cool untill it started  to freeze and here is my spec'sintel(R) Core (TM) i7-6700 CPU @  3.40GHz Ram 32GB64bit, x64-based processergrapics:NIVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 Tiplease help"
76561198173639395,Recommended,274940,31093172,Posted: 12 April,all,T.rex King of the Dinosaurs,Awesome game to play.PS.: having a playable saltwater crocodile as a new playable creature or as a skin for the great white would be nice.
,Recommended,274940,26293484,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,twitchtv Irkthul,game is pretty goddamn good.
,Recommended,274940,32712725,Posted: 23 June,all,Kill La Kill Yourself (break),"I love the game, it's fun as hell..but having Thalassophobia makes it harder to play, I♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants atleast 20 times..still recommended! :P"
,Recommended,274940,28580944,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Bbplayer5,"Fun with others, needs more attention though. Wish more people played this game!"
76561198010544158,Recommended,274940,33176778,Posted: 3 July,all,Newtilator,"Probably the best assymetrical multiplayer game I have played. Many games try to have a guns vs monsters vibe, but they always come across feeling cluttered, unbalanced, or unfun. Depth is incredibly well thought out for a startup game from a no-name development team. The game mechanics encourage the divers to act recklessly to become prey for the sharks, who have plenty of tools to surprise the divers themselves. Very, very, rarely will you find yourself as a helpless shark trying and failing to get into a room of heavily armed gunmen all backed into a corner, and it's probably your own fault you let it happen.Playing as a shark is fun and visceral once you get used to it, and playing as a diver is incredibly tense and scary in the deep dark depths of the ocean where man was not supposed to tread. The maps are all masterfully atmospheric. Both have plenty of tactics to choose from.I also really appreciate the community focus of the game. For instance, the current event, where your victories count towards voting for the next shark you'd like to be added to the game, as well as free treasure chests.In closing, I would heavily reccomend getting the four pack and playing with some friends. It improves the game immeasurably, especially when you're playing a pair of sharks."
,Recommended,274940,32897103,Posted: 27 June,all,The Knowledgist,"This game was a lot more fun than I was expecting. It's a little light on content, but the overall look and feel, as well the general fun factor of playing as a shark hunting down ""helpless"" divers more than justifies the $20 price tag. The player base is also pretty healthy right now so you won't spend more than a few seconds waiting to get into the game's main mode, which is basically 4v2 escort mission."
,Recommended,274940,27019402,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Aye-aye Spirit,"This game is scary as ♥♥♥♥. Also, it is hilariously good."
76561197974572861,Recommended,274940,27028613,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Beyondpale,Surprisingly fast paced awesomeness incarnate...havn't had this much fun in sooo long
,Recommended,274940,28573922,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,DL,"This is a great game, a shark vs diver game that is horror and adictive, and so mutch more! thare are sharks with stratigies you must learn when you are playing them, as a diver you must learn how each gun handles and how to deal with each shark, you must also learn what is best for what map. overall, a 10/10 game!"
,Recommended,274940,30990000,Posted: 6 April,all,kainen446,"I haven't played this much, having just bought it. But this is one the most enjoyable multiplayer experiences I've had (and I've played many multiplayer games). Everyone I've encountered in-game has been pleasant and mature, and the gameplay is awesome. It can take a couple of minutes sometimes to find a game, but the very brief wait is worth it. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,274940,16362247,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,The only way is to fuck,I pee on my pants because of the sharks
76561198077804963,Recommended,274940,13081146,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,im fireing my lazer / loginkill,good game needs some work but its a great game
,Recommended,274940,13139630,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Aldriel,"After a few hours of playing, this is one of the best asymmetrical multiplayer games I have played in a long time.Playing as a diver is a lot of fun, it's dark, and you're constantly in high alert, teamwork is key, and if you go wandering off you're probably going to get picked up by a shark.Playing as a shark is a  lot of fun too, setting up ambushes as the divers are moving with S.T.E.V.E and destroying walls to get to them, be on the lookout for mines though.I intend to play a lot more of Depth, and I think more people need to find this game, it's just awesome, and it's really well balanced, the sharks are not overpowered and the divers do have a real chance of  winning."
,Recommended,274940,13147555,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Ron Testerman,"After about four hours and 20 matches of gameplay i can say that the shark is my favorite. If you can get a game where the other sharkknows what he is doing then it is the easiest game to beat, however if the divers have an ace then they can be the ones who give you a stuggle. I also think that this game is meant to be one you play with friends to get those reactions of, them being the last one while steve is trudging along, then BAM shark comes along and kills them. One thing i would like to see changed is the point and progression system. I have noticed that as he shark you do not get nearly enough points in agood game as the divers do. Also the progression system seems to slow down to a crawl at around level four or five. All in all though this game is great and i hope even more people get it (So it doesnt take me five minutes to get into a match)."
76561198055405212,Recommended,274940,13153164,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,CARTOON HEAD,AMAZING GAME......LOVING IT...
76561198065908118,Recommended,274940,13846442,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,TheGamingMasterMan,AN AMAZING GAME! WHOEVER MADE THE GAME IS A GENIUS! I HATE THE OCEAN YET LOVE THIS GAME!could use more sharks tho
,Recommended,274940,13403143,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Zockhandra,"Pretty Darn Awesome Game, Fun with friends and solo (community isnt too bad either), Had some issues with map deisgn however, Some maps are incredibly biased and make sharks have a very very difficult time, due to camping spots with few alternatives other than running in hoping to kill something, only to die to the buffed mines.The game itself is pretty good though with a well balanced upgrade and weapon system, smooth animations and very well developed art/effects this is a good buy for casual and hardcore gamers alike. Look forward a great deal to seeing how it evolves and what the Devs. add to it.Good points:-Beautiful enviroments-fully 3D underwater, allowing movements and attacks in any direction-Detailed character models and weapons-Balanced upgrade/weapon system-Good objectives with artifact retrieval-Destructable Enviroment-Fish give healthBad Points:-Some maps are heavily biased in Diver favour, and vice versa in a completely unbalanced way (may include not enough destructable walls, making it too easy to make an invicible camping spot-Fish give such a miniscule amount of health that you may as well just kamikaze after a successful attack-Very little alternate play content for sharks, as they are forced to try and kill divers (Would be nice to see Sharks being able to herd shoals of Jelly fish ect. towards divers as additional hazards).*Notes for devs*-(Would be nice to see Sharks being able to herd shoals of Jelly fish ect. towards divers as additional hazards).-(Improved enviromental effects, such as crosscurrents would be an awesome game modifier)-(Having larger team games available with multiple robots and pairs of sharks would also be cool)-You have excellent communication with your fan base (This gives me many happy faces)Reccomendation on this game:Worth buying....Twice"
76561198000306968,Recommended,274940,12797618,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Baeka,"This is such an imaginative game, the likes of which I have not experienced in a long time.  A true original.  It immerses you into a beautiful, peaceful environment and makes you feel dread and tension in anticipation of a shark attack. The gameplay has been finely tuned, and the multiplayer is well balanced.  Makes for very fun, tough, competative matches.10/10Suggestion: Before going underwater, you see land, boats, and what not.  I would like to be able to interact with those elements somehow as well.  Maybe being able to explore above water before the match starts or something cool?"
,Recommended,274940,16403504,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,「§NG」 Wimish,Sharks are scary and you shoot them cause your racist
,Recommended,274940,16349393,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Zerdath,"The Steam summer sale finally convinced me to buy the game.  I have wanted it for quite a while, I love the PvP concept with different species.  I was blown away with how good it is.  My time with it has been very well spent.  This game is INTENSE!  This is what I wanted from Evolve, which was disappointing.  Does Depth still have some rough edges? Yes.  Does it matter when you're playing? NOT ONE BIT!  :DPlaying as a diver is stressful, in a good way.  They've done a great job on the atmosphere and feeling of it.  Hearing your heartbeat speed up is a great indicator of the increased danger, I love it.  It's never a completely one-sided battle, sharks are fast, divers have tech.  Currently no difference in each diver that I can see, it's all about your load-out.The sharks all have different strength and weaknesses.  Playing as a shark is fantastic, really gives you that ""hunting"" feel.  Find a shark you're good at and stick with it, there are a lot of differences.  I'm best with the Great White, one friend I play with goes Mako.I honestly enjoy both modes equally, they give such different experiences, it's almost hard to believe it's the same game.Developers seem to be putting good work into the game, updates are well-stocked with features and fixes.9/10 for the improvements that I know will be coming to make it a 10/10 for me.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X8qcIDEXegk&list=PL6jaU7aRMeiBqUtUa1JUPXj2JeERAMN9i&index=8"
,Recommended,274940,25036499,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Scrub,It's like PayDay 2 with shark.You will get nightmares from this game.10/10 would get my legs ripped off again.
,Recommended,274940,26381706,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Lancelot0001,"Game is indeed awesome, but it's really easy to get bored, because the multi-player part is just same thing again and again.And the single player part is just nothing.But I still recommand it, since it's pretty fun for the first few hrs."
76561198146071589,Recommended,274940,18419923,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Lone Tiger,"I highly recommand buying this game, its fairly balanced and all fun for everyone who loves sharks or generally fps multiplayers."
,Recommended,274940,21197238,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Kumat Mhebro,"Imagine Evolve. but underwater. and not ♥♥♥♥♥♥.that's this game.plus heartattacks.Sharks pls goPros:- Good progression, tons of unlockable upgrades (weapon mods, attachments, gear, etc)- a good amount of maps- scary af at times- game is pretty skill based, but after a 1-2 games you'll get the hang of it- balanced, sharks will win if they're good. divers will win if they're good.protip: git gud"
,Recommended,274940,17014950,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,bbankrablo,"Played only an half hour thanks to the free weekend, but I like it!Runs fine on ever lower machines (GeForce GT 220)I'l buy it whenever I can!"
76561198278566213,Recommended,274940,22006940,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,More8,"Solid brainless fun but with steep curve for survival as rookie's will struggle against veteran and seasoned players here. When you get the hang of it it starts to get even more rewarding and fun so do not lose your rags even if you get mauled a bazillion times at first. This one has pretty decent and atmospheric maps and overall visuals too so I would compare it to UT3 underwater with gore, sharks, and treasure hunt. The overall feeling I get is the same frantic brainless simple multiplayer action mechanics that made me love the UT since 3 to 4 so much. You don't have to be a rocket scientist to play this and sometimes that's great when all you do is want a little of braindead fun which you can get in and leave when done just like that. This is the best 'Jaws' game I ever played before and very entertaining in a similar fashion as left4dead and UT3 was."
,Recommended,274940,18424196,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,nutmeg,"So far, this game definitely has potential. But I do have to say some thing; it definitely isn't worth $30 at this stage. While it's an amazing concept with good graphics, three game modes doesn't seem like it's enough.Maybe you guys can add a Shark vs. Shark game mode, or just an open water game mode of some sort, but as I said, three game modes isn't enough to call this a $30 game.Another suggestion... Open this to the Steam Community. Maps and shark skins alone will bring in a whole new crowd, and you'd get a buttload of money once you open it to the community.It seems as if this game is a beta; it has an uncomplete feel to it. But don't let that distract you from buying this or trying it out. It's one of the best FPS' I've ever played, and it's incredibly fun. While it does have it's downsides, it's definitely worth trying it out."
76561198234841628,Recommended,274940,25059578,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,{CTVG} DarthGamerPro,"This game is AMAZING!!! I love it because it has AWESOME graphics, its sea environment is MAJESTIC, its sharks are very scary and very well-designed as well as its divers, its gameplay feels so REALISTIC, it gives you the creeps as you have to protect a robot named: ""S.T.E.V.E"" , collect treasure and prevent sharks from killing you, while reducing your revival ticket, in a limited amount of time. Overall I like it a lot and I think that you should buy it and give it a shot!!!"
76561198002973068,Recommended,274940,16875498,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Jvds.net,This game is quite fun to play although the gameplay itself doesnt vary that much. Playing as diver is nerve recking since the sharks come from every where. Playing as a shark issnt that easy as it looks like at the beginning but is great fun.Hope there will be more game modes and maps added to keep the replay value up
,Recommended,274940,13713968,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,TheUnknown,"A good fps game, Turned around the corner and saw a tiger shark."
76561198085531283,Recommended,274940,18386045,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,ExplosIVe,"Games actually extremely balanced between sharks and divers. Sharks tend to have the advantage early game when the divers have worst weapons, but slowly the divers get settled in with there preferred weapons and start spending a lot on mines, sonar, and shark shields (which hide remove the highlight the sharks see). It makes for some intense matches for sure. Also a good shark doesn't simply run in and get shot, they grab and dart out. Unless you are playing a great white at which point you generally get in the divers faces and pick them off quickly before they have time to down you."
,Recommended,274940,12873395,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,wingedbro2,i really like sharks so this game is definetly for mebut.. there are some problems that should be fixedthe cons are-when shark jump out of the water it flies-sharks are too fast----------------------------thats all instead of that everything is perfect
,Recommended,274940,12875460,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,HuNNk,get it fast !!!! it s great
,Recommended,274940,12877170,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Doggersea,"You get to eat divers in skin tight wet suits, whats not to love?"
,Recommended,274940,12880096,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,SpaceFox,"It's what the movie ""Deep Blue Sea"" would have been like if the people were decked out with good gear and hed guns. I was skeptical at first but once I bought it I am a beliver that original and good games can still be developed. This game is fun as heck, it's one of the few games I have bought recently which I am impressed with, I don't regret buying this at all. 10/10, no joke, worth every penny."
76561198030274730,Recommended,274940,12879918,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Alertcriminal,Verry good game worth every penny in my opinion having a lot of fun playing it and it always keeps you on your toes. =)
76561197999988850,Recommended,274940,22787091,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,GOOD&WELL OR TASTY,Shark week all week
,Recommended,274940,18438524,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Moophan,Broke through a wall.Ate two people.Slinked off into the darkwater.Ate some seals.Came back ate a guy then took a spear to the face.10/10 would be speared again.
,Recommended,274940,20478520,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,皓Snош嗥шоlf夜,"I love the blood and the way the sharks kill the people, is an awesome game!!! the graphics and the game mode are awesome, and the sharks are COOL!!!! the way they kill their prey the blood, oh my gosh this game is AWESOME!!!!"
76561198061763452,Recommended,274940,17185858,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Queen_Of_Salt,"This is a really great game, when you get into the game you get a couple of scares from the sharks (If you play as the human) playing as the shark is also very fun."
,Recommended,274940,17017249,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Robobojangles,"The action is fast paced so it doesn't get boring, but at the same time it is pretty tense anticipating the approach of sharks. Your heart beats when the sharks get close, but the ocean is vast and you can never be sure which way they will come from. The attacks are swift and abrupt. A decent shark player will likely kill at least one person in a group. Will it be you?Playing as the sharks is pretty fun. At the time of this review, it seems that balance favors the divers. However, that doesn't change how fun it still is to be a shark.  You play to terrorize and kill the divers. They stepped into your world and its your job to give them as much hell as you can."
,Recommended,274940,29431931,Posted: 22 January,all,spookered idoit,"What a wonderful game... taking team based games to the next level!Pros:- Great atmosphere- Unique weapon system- Sountrack- Realistic- Gamemodes to make it funCons:- A little unfair (divers have a great advantage if the sharks are inexperienced)Overall I give this a 9.3/10. I recommend that you get this game during a sale, though."
,Recommended,274940,31901735,Posted: 22 May,all,Loaf,"This game is very fun. It is a great game to play with friends or alone. I would highly recommend it, its a very simple concept which I like, Divers need to escort a robot and collect gold. Sharks need to kill all the divers before they can escape, each team has 30 lives. It's fun and worth the price, I will let you explore the rest"
76561198093331070,Recommended,274940,25104192,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,"✪ [VG] Tarkin ""Swag"" Pierce",Gets gunSwims for the bootySee's sharkRapes shark with pistolGets butt ♥♥♥♥ed by sharkSaves gay robot10/10 would swim again
,Recommended,274940,18800064,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Guy Charisma,"Depth is an asymmetric multiplayer shoot 'em up or shark 'em up with 4 divers vs. 2 sharks. Despite Depth's simple gameplay, there is so much to master. For instance, sound is a huge part of the divers' gameplay. You can hear sharks sprint-swimming and lunging around the outside of the room, which you can take advantage of by guessing what entrance they'll use, or if you're ballsy, go out and kill them before they even get in. With sharks, you NEED to plan your exit strategy before entering rooms the divers are in. Sharks take less punishment than you might think, so you need to be quick and hardly give divers the chance to land hits on you. If you have friends, Depth is perfect for you (not that it isn't good if you play solo). If you only have one friend, play shark! If you have more than one, play diver! Depth's asymmetry is great for different sizes of friend groups. And trust me, teamwork in depth, for both sharks and divers, is scary for the opposition. I've been addicted to this game for a while now, and if you're on the wall about picking up Depth, I highly recommend that you do. I've definitely gotten my money's worth out of it."
,Recommended,274940,16900015,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,twitch.tv/raiin1live,"Amazing game. Think Call of Duty, Underwater, with Sharks and Divers. So basically not COD at all... I... don't listen to me xDBut seriously, one of the best PC games I've played in a long time. If you don't want to get it because it's listed as ""horror"", get it. It's scary about the first time you get attackedas a diver. If you're a shark, there's no scary element at all. The only thing scary is the trailer, honestly.All in all, very fun, very addicting, awesome on all levels."
,Recommended,274940,23723709,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Pimpin Pippin,"Amazing game, even more fun if you play it with friends!"
,Recommended,274940,18482672,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,SirSmokeALot[GER],"If you ever wanted to be deadliest creature in the sea. Or if you ever wanted to be a diver, who tries to get rich, with gold that is lost in the sea. This is the right game for you.In this multiplayer game, you have to choose between team sharks and team diver, both got different targets.The sharks try to kill all divers, before the divers get the treasure. The diver have to protect S.T.E.V.E and find some gold for better weapons. If you like multiplayer games and got boring of that 0815 multiplayer shooter like CS:Go, just buy it.Rating : 9/10"
,Recommended,274940,26308603,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,doggerino,yeah it's okay i guess
,Recommended,274940,26326237,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Tresla,"Hella intense, hella fun, hella awesome...must buy in my opinion ;)taste some divers"
76561198110682573,Recommended,274940,29264416,Posted: 14 January,all,death_343,I had it i think 5 months ago when it was free and it was fun. Now i bought it while it was on sale and it still is fun to play. I do wish you could access the store when you buy and upgrade weapons without needing to die thats the only thing i dont like.
,Recommended,274940,25012305,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,𝕽𝖎𝖙𝖟𝖞𝕾𝖆𝖓,"Очень хорошая игра, советую купить!"
,Recommended,274940,25048794,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Hyruxs,You can Sea lots of stuff
,Recommended,274940,31035181,Posted: 9 April,all,The Obnoxious Gamer YT,"Tons of fun, even better with friends, I approve. 9/10"
76561198024819451,Recommended,274940,25026786,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Sharkdude,"Depth is, simply put, a fantastic game. It's an asymmetrical multiplayer game pitting divers against sharks, but an offline play mode versus bots is also available. There are two game modes, Blood and Gold and Megalodon Hunt. Blood and Gold is arguably the main game mode, and at the time of writing it offers six playable shark types: Great White, Mako, Tiger, Hammerhead, Thresher, and Bull. Each has differing stats and a unique ability, leading to a completely different playstyle for each shark. From the tanky Great White, to the nimble Mako, each shark has a place. Divers can purchase a variety of weapons, but more on that later.In Blood and Gold, four Divers escort a submersible robot known as S.T.E.V.E. to various safes throughout the level. At each safe, S.T.E.V.E. takes some time to unlock it and you have to cover him while fending off two sharks. After all safes have been cracked, the divers must escort S.T.E.V.E. back to the ship. Divers can swim around the area to pick up gold while S.T.E.V.E. works, and though doing so exposes them to sharks, it is necessary to do so to buy better weapons. Starting out with a pistol, the divers will get better weapons as the match continues, including spear guns, sentry guns, and naval mines. Each weapon has a variety of upgrades, from explosive ammunition to night vision scopes. Sharks get points as the match progresses to pick and upgrade a variety of skills. Each side also has a set number of respawn tickets. The divers win once they have made the sharks lose all of their tickets or escorted S.T.E.V.E. back to the ship. The sharks win upon making the divers lose all of their tickets.Depth does something many other asymmetrical games fail to do: the humans are fun to play. Before each game, players can choose to queue as sharks or divers, and this cannot be changed in-match. Playing as a diver is an extremely intense experience, desperately shining your flashlight around and firing wildly into the darkness as your teammates are picked off one by one and your heart is thudding in your ears. All of the weapons are extremely satisfying to use and each has a unique identity. They all have clear pros and cons, and it's never an easy choice what to buy. Depth  also does something else other games fail at: the support items are fun to use. A small hand-held vehicle to move around the water allows easier collection of gold. A portable radar spots sharks and treasure for your team. Deployable medkits and supply packs increase your chances of survival. Choosing to support your team is its own rewarding experience.Playing as a shark is a fantastic, unique experience as well, and when you lunge and grab a diver in your jaws you have to shake your mouse wildly to finish them off. You feel powerful swimming around the darkness, and you can't help but smile when you spot a lone diver off collecting treasure.Depth is WELL worth the price of admission, and with free updates adding new content, it's never too late to jump into the fun."
,Recommended,274940,26214236,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Lorcan,"Depth is a somewhat scary game to me, whit thrills and tention building up in certin game modes, I have to say though it only really fun if you  have 3 or more players otherwise it gets old quickly and is easy to win/lose. I would recommend this if you enhoy trills and pressure."
76561198003631217,Recommended,274940,26294485,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,enemysz,It's good.
76561198069502788,Recommended,274940,26569996,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,MoonMan10-4,Love this game. I do wish the player base was a little larger but it is still easy to find a match nearly every time I try.
76561198166465998,Recommended,274940,32046176,Posted: 29 May,all,RoboTrannic,depth by this point is not a easy game to get intothe games toughthe players tougherbut its all worth it
,Recommended,274940,31372543,Posted: 26 April,all,918 Spyder,I still get jump scared..................
,Recommended,274940,25276746,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,KevO:,"this game has a lot of depth, plus free skins woot!& works well with xbone controllerit was def worth the $6.25 sale price lol& if u suck like me at this game..just play bots till yOOu get better <lmao_________________UPDATE_______after a month+ of having it its a maybegoogle depth hack its all over the net nownot everyone cheats most people are just good look at profile ;)xbox controller is a hit and miss works most of the timebut it will sometimes spin aroundand around when u start matchor move when u dont want it toskins are super poop i never get anything good ;//and i bought a 4 pack to trade after 30+ daysi cant trade still but gift no problem damn devs must have locked game tradingall in all still can be a fun game with friends that like to play"
,Recommended,274940,32795382,Posted: 25 June,all,BaconPotPies,DEVS really need to do something about the seasoned vs new players. Its not a good learning experience and just not enjoyable to get steamrolled by long time high rank players .The DEVS need to do something to make the game more enjoyable for new players. Maybe not match them against pros ?
,Recommended,274940,31017059,Posted: 8 April,all,Wunderwaffle,*Joins Haywire match**Starts gunning down divers**Dies**-_-**Saves up for an assault rifle**Mows down divers**Hearbeat**Faster heartbeat**wtf**Fast heartbeat**Heart attack heartbeat**Spinning around like snoop dog on cocaine looking for the enemy**Gets shot in the♥♥♥♥♥♥by a shark with a laser machine gun*
76561198080428053,Recommended,274940,25053470,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Untwerth,This game is something truly unique. Worth a purchase at any price!
,Recommended,274940,31029584,Posted: 8 April,all,Evan_Da_Goat,Best FPS game ever!
76561198096208693,Recommended,274940,28152161,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,SaboteurCRM,Sharks in dark water are horrifying. Always buy flares.Alwaysgood gamejumpscaressharks
,Recommended,274940,33957622,Posted: 1 August,all,PANCAPES,it's okay
76561198308575305,Recommended,274940,31028576,Posted: 8 April,all,NNNeon,VERYY NİCE TÜRKLER GELİN OYNAYIN
76561198014636228,Recommended,274940,30987616,Posted: 6 April,all,potikoutlaw,good game to pass the time ! dont cost much either worth the money !
76561198030462605,Recommended,274940,12882327,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Brohit,It's like counter strike....but under water 10/10 fun game
,Recommended,274940,13106999,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,CheHueyMalcolm,Grab this brehs and brehettes
76561198039752752,Recommended,274940,13105129,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Bandhor,Best game everr!!
,Recommended,274940,21059026,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Squidward,"I been playing this game when it first came out during the beta stages. I must say it had tons of great things added over the period of time. I'm going to give a list of pros and cons for this game, so you will know what you are getting into,Cons: I like to start with the bad new frist.-Not very populated like cs:go or any other  shooter games, but its getting up there. I have notice at times it takes a little to get into a game, but its rare for me tho.-Easy to learn and hard to master. I say this because lots of people know how to play the game but they don't play the game the right way to win at times. [ common for me] Might have lot of noob team mates. but try to help them out! by telling them buy medkits, mines, etc rather then sit there with a gun and let his money sit aka wasting it!Pros: hell yeah the good stuff is here!- Graphics are amazing, I love the map designs.- Sounds are great, Screaming from divers getting eaten. bubble effects when switching to your other gun or tools: like mines etc.- Great community, seems like the nicest one i met so far.- dev team are really friendly, I even have one on my friends list.- DLC's are reasonable price, if you dont think so sorry, but I think of it just to support the game/devs.Might update soon if i can think of anything new, I just wrote what was in my mind at the moment."
,Recommended,274940,16968221,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,JoonasD6,"This game has huge potential for tension – but it isn't using it yet. Instead of weaponry and competition, I really think the focusshouldbe in horror.The game's pace is very fast. So fast, in fact, that you can't get immersed in the time you are already dead. (Think of fast CS rounds.) And respawning mere seconds after dying to the same position takes away your will to stay alive, so that too breaks immersion. If the gameplay was slower (and actually the diver swimming speed is itself too fast) there would be a chance to take notice of your environment, look around and build tension.I think the game reveals too much; letting you know all the time where your squad mates are with glowing outlines. It would be a lot creepier if you were forced to communicate with them to understand your relative position, and I believe this would hugely benefit the game. There is sadly very little room for sneaking due to the fast pace, and strategizing seems to be out of question due to always being in a hurry to die in a few seconds.Menus and HUDs are alright with no extra fancy things – I respect that. But I have to say that some game features are less intuitive. For example, the heart beat effect is striking, but I did not understand what causes it: is there a hidden fatigue meter? Hidden stress meter? Does it imply a close shark? I simply could not tell. And also some numbers jumping up in the screen with successful hits were confusing as there were so many that one could not tell what the numbers meant. One of them surely was the immediately damage I dealt, but the others? These need some clarification.Right now it's a game of swimming immediately to a fixed location, killing the enemy, dying, buying a bigger gun, respawning again, then repeating this again. Heck, it might even make sense to die on purpose to get to buy things. All this takes the huge potential scare the game could have away. I'm hoping there will at least be more hardcore or scary experience -focused game modes if the main idea remains unchanged.Would love to play this as a diver with a dying flashlight with Oculus. :)"
76561197971885969,Recommended,274940,31368022,Posted: 25 April,all,EventHorizon,Deepest bluest my hat is like a shark fin.
,Recommended,274940,18213037,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,sablewolfcry,"Game Info:Most Shark Games Are Like Oooh And O_o And Get Boring After An Hour Or 2 But This One Will Non-Stoppingly Make You Keep  Coming Back So, This One I Dont Get Bored Of :) .Oh And Another Thing, My Reaction to a Shark Is,YUM. My Reaction to a Diver Is Holy F**k Im Dead XD.Nope Im Not Done, The Graphics Are Also Not The Best But Really Good So 9/10 And Gameplay As Diver Is Tense And Turns The Game Into A Total Nightmare Meaning 10/10 But Shark Is 9/10 Only Because You Feel Chunky And Whenk You Need To Shake Your Mouse Rapidly,It Might Be A Problem Without A Mousepad And As We Get Farther Into Details The Controls Are Fairly Easy.                                                                                          Divers:You Can Pick From 5 Divers Finn,Shelly,Alejandro,Carlos,And Marrisa And A Huge Amount Of Weapons, Although All Divers Are The Same And Really Dont Have Any Special Abbilities Other Than Picking Up Gold And Giving It To Steve.                                                                                      Sharks:Now This, This Is Where It Gets Interesting There Are Also 5 Sharks But They Have Abbilities The Sharks Are Great White,Mako,Tiger,Hammerhead,And Last But Never The Least, The Thresher.                                                                            Shark Abbilities:Woah Woah,Woah Now Hold On A Second, This Is For You To Find Out And I Know I Know, Your Probably Screaming At Your Computer Saying ""Its $24.00 You Blind Idiot!"" Trust Me I Was Scared Away By The Price Too At First But I Can Personally Assure You Youll Love It! :) So,Go On And Buy A Boat And Diving Gear And Dive Into The Bloody Waters Of DEPTH But Only If YOU DARE :D!"
76561198022297376,Recommended,274940,18387942,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Jonathan,"Even though I've only played this game on a free weekend, this is quite fun. Its fun and addictive version of hide and go kill.I only played 10 hours worth of it and its fun if you want to go and scare your friends in pitch black seas. Overall, its a very fun game to play with friends but somewhat boring by yourself.The downside to this game is that in 10 hours worth of time, I have completed a little over 90% of the achievements. Its too easy to complete achievements and awards in this game. There is too little content to (for me anyways, i like large content) keep playing this for weeks at a time due to so little content in-game. The closest example of this game I would say is like a Jaws underwater CSGO type of game with controls and gameplay.I recommend this game because its quite fun but it needs much more content otrher than new skins and maps. With more content I would play this much longer but its still very fun for scaring the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of friends.quick tip and somewhat spoiler: Every single developer and major youtube who has spotlighted/played this game extensive has their name on AI controlled characters. Like Ohmwrecker is the name of usually an AI shark in-game.9/10 very fun3/10 needs way more content100/5 would massively jumpscare again in pitch black to point of almost destroying my mouse"
,Recommended,274940,34042946,Posted: 5 August,all,hoek,Hard game. A little bit chaos but also a lot of fun.
76561198048815433,Recommended,274940,34007224,Posted: 3 August,all,highman242,This game is so sweet!...just got it fast pace shooter and a little more yes it does need a little more work but man what a great job so far.
,Recommended,274940,31013447,Posted: 8 April,all,Nec,Swiped my mouse out my window 10/10 would bruce againEdit:All jokes aside from my short experiance I think this is a pretty fun game definitely something newer IMO using some ideas from other animal/dinosaur vs humans type games but with it's own flavor. I would say it's worth a try unless you have Thalassophobia. The only big issue with the game is there isn't a ton of players but there is enough to enjoy the game.
,Recommended,274940,29442915,Posted: 23 January,all,Kwsthkas,"one of the best games i have ever played!!!its multiplayer , in sea i love dives and you can be the shark what else you want??!!!"
,Recommended,274940,26576782,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,pyro,its a great game but the mods i download dont work
76561198361035377,Recommended,274940,30421090,Posted: 9 March,all,Paleornithomania,This is the best game ever.
,Recommended,274940,25009481,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,♥Devil's Unicorn♥,"'Bring on the fire and bring on the storm, we'll still be here when its all said and done, burn down the bridges and tear down the walls, we'll still be standing ...Invincible.""~ Shelly the diver"
,Recommended,274940,12780832,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Ramager,"Oh my God! I just about soaked my undies a couple times. It's best played in Lobbies with randomized sides. It runs very smoothly on my computer, I have the AMD 8350 @4gz - GTX 760 2gb - 8gb RAM and I haven't turned everything high yet, but medium to high it ran consistantly around 60fps.EDIT - Turned everything to high at 1080p and took off V-Sync - my frames haven't fallen below 50 even when everyone was in one spot."
,Recommended,274940,20047610,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,ÆpEEK!,"Depth is a game that I was hoping to be good, luckily it was! Going into detail about what it is, Depth is a multiplayer game in which a team of 4 divers is pitted against 2 sharks. Lacking in an abundance of game modes in which I hope the devs will be adding more on later, Depth features a great selection of maps which are well-designed and look fantastic from the surface as well as in the ocean you're playing in. Atmosphere in this game is extremely heavy as while you're searching for treasure you hear your heartbeat get faster and faster until one of those two sharks approaches from the dark depths (lmao geddit xdddd) and rips your diver in two. Optimization in this game is also done fantastically as I've only experienced this game crashing on me only two times, other than that your frames in this game should be fine even if you meet the minimum recommended specs for this game. Overall I'd say buy this game either for full price or on sale, either way it's up to you just make sure you get a chance to experience this fantastic game!EDIT: Had experienced crashes, contacted support and told them what problems I was having, they had responded and patched the crash approximately a week later, kudos to these guys for giving a damn about their game unlike some other devs. Hoping to support these guys in whatever they decide to do next!"
,Recommended,274940,12921776,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Knight of Rosen,Played a few minutes... Instantly fell in love!
,Recommended,274940,12868915,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,[TPZ] Cereal Killer,"About The Game:Depth is created by Digital Confectioners an indie developer who felt it was a good idea to really spice things up with a game of Team Deathmatch against Sharks & Divers.This game shares the great aspect of fast paced Survival Action & at the same time horror as you never know when a shark is going to rip you apart.Gameplay:Depth is a game based on fast paced decision making & shooting, this game punishes you for not thinking quickly and acting even faster.This game focuses on a Team Deathmatch experience as well as objectives in small for the Divers to win you can either kill all the Sharks or you can watch out for your diving machine while it collects all the tresure and guide it back to your boat safely. As a Shark you have to simply stop the Divers from collecting all the tresure or by killing them all.The game consists of 2 teams, 4 Divers VS. 2 Sharks. Each team relys on the other players to work together otherwise you'll waste more lives than you should if you're not working together and soon be out.Each time has 30 lives in the beginning and you have to monitor your teams deaths as closely as possible as those lives run out fast.Gameplay as the Diver is as expected, pretty slow & very vulnerable, you can be detected by a shark really easily and there's no way to heal yourself after you are attacked so this puts you in a tough spot if you're in a hurry or running low on lives.Divers can use weapons such as Pistols, Assault Rifles, Netguns, Harpoons, Tagging Pistols & Rifles, etc there's a very large range of weapons at your disposal but each weapon needs to be unlocked by completeing missions and ranking up. Divers also have a range of placeable items such as Sea Mines & Motion Sensor Boeys in order to track or kill a Shark, you also have Flares which you can use to see into dark parts of the ocean bed if you wish.Sharks rely on their instincts & teamwork in order to beat the Divers, you need to work with your partner to maximize you brutality and cunning, this can set the team in a panic and give you a chance to sneak off with one of the Divers in your jaws.Sharks come with a wide variety of Abilities & Upgrades as the Divers do, you gain the ability to withstand more damage, regenerate health, feast on Divers blood to increase health &  stamina, gain a Hammer Head to smash through walls and roofs at an increased rate, resist tagging devices, spot Sea Mines and smell out Divers from a greater distance.Sharks are really terrifying up close but at a distance they're in a danger zone, because the Diver weapons are fairly strong and do deal a lot of damage so don't think you can just rush in at the Divers without dying.Single Player:Depth has a Single Player mode that pits you against Bots to test your skills & learn how to play the game in a controlled and relaxed environment unless you switch the difficulty up that is. In Single Player you cannot unlock new weapons.Multiplayer:Depth also has a Multiplayer PvP where you and 5 other people can play together as Divers & Sharks it works as explained in the gameplay section above ^. In Multiplayer you can unlock equipment and upgrades as normal.Co-operative:Depth also has a CO-OP mode where you and 4 friends can play as Divers together and take on the bot Sharks or you and 2 Friends can play as Sharks and take on the 4 Bot Divers,  In CO-OP you can unlock upgrades & equipment as normal.Verdict:Depth is a very interesting idea for a game, it combines the fast paced gameplay of ""Call of Duty"" into a much better game of cat and mouse while at the same time keeping things very well balanced out and never feeling underpowered against the enemies.Depth has such solid gameplay and teamplay that makes it succeed at what it wanted to, it leaves you feeling like a badass when you complete the game as a Diver against the Sharks because of your solid teamwork and coordination with your team and it makes you feel like a killing machine when you defeat the Divers as Sharks.Even if you don't win you still feel accomplished at the end of the game because it's such a fantastic game.There is however are a few things this game needs to fix:Network lag when you play as the Divers really puts you at a disadvantaged when you are getting attacked from out of nowhere or when the Shark just magically teleports infront of you. Even in my home region i was getting lag.The Spawning System in Depth needs some work, i found myself spawning and dying a lot because of being spawned right infront of a Shark.Rating:And finally after coming down to it this game receives from my a solid 8/10, it's not perfect but it's certainly worth a the money you pay for it.It brings something new to the table & does it well props to the developers for thinking outside the box, it feels a lot like Zombie Panic! Source.Do I Recommend This Game?:Yes i do, pick this up whenever you've got a chance you won't regret it."
,Recommended,274940,12928216,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,eisiger,"It's a good game that gives me the sweats as a diver, and a bloodboner as a Shark. There was one fun bug I encountered where my diver swam into a small crack in the geometry and got stuck, paving myself in the walls Amontillado style. That bug was fixed the very next day. Here's hoping they continue with the good fixes and keep their promise for new maps and SDK.My only problem is that you will gain an average of 150xp per match, and every level requires (to my knowledge) Level * 100 xp to progress to the next. You will need to reach level23to unlock every item, which is about 27,600 xp. Expect to run about 180 matches (if your having a gg, not a bg) before you can test everything. Some of these equips and abilities are amazing, which is why it's a little sad that you are at a slight disadvantage if you cannot use them, against someone who can select their own specialized unlocks, in a competitive game.Edit: It appears that after level 10, the XP is capped at 1,000xp. So I guess there is a proverbial  diminishing returns light at the end of the shark cave."
,Recommended,274940,22730016,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,=),honestly its amazing
,Recommended,274940,13765349,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,A Bloody Flesh Spewkie,"The Good:- Mako- ThresherThe Bad:- Tiger- Great WhiteThe Ugly:- Hammerhead- BullSimple Steps to enjoying the game:- Make friends ASAP: Divers are weak when alone....- Make Enemies ASAP: The game is more fun with rivals.-  Blend in with the crowd by picking that one shark to hate on,Doesn't matter what anyone else says - THAT shark is overpowered!- There's no such thing as losing - only unfortunate match-ups!- Learn from the Pros - pressing o will definitely give you a free skin- Laugh menacingly and select the bang-stick as your starting weapon- Sell the bang-stick for an automatic weapon as soon as you realize you can't bang-stick- Unleash your inner demon and play your power song in the background when you are a sharkMost Importantly...  Take it one game at a time!- stay calm, composed, and open-minded.Learn the tips and tricks of the game and become a King of the Ocean."
76561198047228033,Recommended,274940,26346976,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,McBallins,"I wanted just sharks with frikin lasers attached to their heads. This is the next best thing after that, and ill-tempered mutated sea bass. Gaem is fun but small player base will result in gaems of players with 10 hours vs. players with 1,000 hours, is fun no? Tryhaerd alway gotta ruin the fun :(. McBallins not happey when he luse video gaem. McBallins git mad, no git gud, but then McBallins kill sharky with bang stick and they go boom. McBallins happy.EDIT: McBallins does not condone the act of ""tryharding,"" it is a rare sin that is not often committed by any member of the Depth community or any other video game community for that matter. McBallins making their existence sound more frequent than actually true is hyperbolic and should be ignored except for (terrible) comedic purposes. Thank you for your time."
,Recommended,274940,25005844,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,The Police,who knew sharks can have armor?
76561198049994487,Recommended,274940,12977367,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,SaphireShark,LOTS OF FUN LOVE BEING A SHARK AND NOMING THOSE DIVERS
76561198047269460,Not Recommended,274940,33809743,Posted: 26 July,all,AnarkySWG,"As you can see, I gave this game a very good go at 100+hours.Yes, it will get your heart racing - even after 100 hours a shark coming at you very fast will still startle you. But thats the best part sadly.It is one of those games that's different, so you get into it simply for that fact but after the same maps, the same missions (and very few) over and over and over it just becomes monotonous. If it was a grind fest that would even be ok, but there is nothing to grind for really. You gather the same old weapons every match (and again, very few options there) there is only a handful of weapons  - the game relies on skins to provide more diversity in weapons and mods - which is great if you are a CSGO circle jerker, but they don't help anything other than sharks seeing your player better with pretty colors.All in all this game WAS good. They brought in a PVP mode called Haywire, and I was even more hooked. But this was only an ""Event"". A major game mechanic removed simply because it was not time for it anymore. Big mistake.I stopped playing once Haywire mode was removed. The game got boring, back to the same old same old and if I could I would trade my 100 hours back for something more fulfilling."
,Recommended,274940,12784868,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Faggot Tree <3,You get to be a shark who can cut people. 11/10
,Recommended,274940,33940613,Posted: 31 July,all,john,preaty fun to play with ur frends id give it a 7/10
,Recommended,274940,12827847,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,[RedCoats] Koschilein ~Ks~,"I poop in my diver suite everytime....Realy awesome game, the feeling is amazing. Diving into a deep dark cave as a diver just picking up that shiny stuff, swimming do steve BOOM SHARK IN YOUR FACE!And i wet my pants again...."
76561197975439985,Recommended,274940,16518685,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Zomboyd,Saw a sharkCrapped my pantsbecame shark PooEvolution.10/10 this game si so much fun
,Recommended,274940,19118762,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Oh Snap,10/10 solid game
,Recommended,274940,19125076,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,vforca96,this game is dope...little glitchy occasionally...needs to have a diver vs diver game mode with sharks roaming
76561198018570596,Recommended,274940,19155872,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Wreaker,so fun!!!!!!enough said
,Recommended,274940,16467038,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,5oM3 duD3,it's a great game you shuold buy it without heziation but it needs more for frame rate and i see it would a great game with  and i hope its comes out on the consoleplease make this for dat consoles XP
76561198251246804,Recommended,274940,18822827,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,crossedprick,this is a great game never gets boring
,Recommended,274940,17010035,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,MuurPapier,It is really fun but PLEASE IN THE NAME OF PANCAKES ADD SOUTH AFRICAN SERVERS or somewhere in Africa because there are only servers in countries far away and it is hard to do good with ping that is always more than 200
,Recommended,274940,12974666,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,{Toasty}Taoistdragon,"Depth is a fun game but lacks content.  It's biggest draw is it's one game mode which while interesting and well crafted, is still only one game mode.  The idea is fun with sharks vs divers.  With it's unique underwate enviorment adding 360 degrees of motion uncommon to fps, it's a great game to goof around in with your friends.  However due to balancing and things, the max server size is six for the main game mode so this is a small group game to play but for what is it's def unique and fun enough to justify getting, but wait for a sale as it's default price tag is just too much."
76561198146717837,Recommended,274940,16996886,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,"""LOOK AT ME CUCK ON ME""",love this game lol
,Recommended,274940,16968871,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Crazy Pyro,"I love this game, only played a little bit of it and just can't really get enough of this game. You get to be a shark or the divers looking for treasure for their boss. Who doesn't think these sharks are really that dangerous just like the mayor in Jaws thinking the island is safe. Yeah.... Safe. But this is everything I wished Jaws Unleashed could of been like this. Well except for the divers part but more so the A.I is pretty good from what I've seen. I think I lost about most of the lives while the A.I was doing better than me on Easy. I think that what I had it as. For the time I got it durring the sale. Worth the 8.50 even original 25.00 Didn't want to play it just for the weekend before I bought it. I bought then and now when I saw it was on sale and it came up on steam when I logged in. Love this game and everything about it. Play with friends or just random strangers. Be the prey or predator in the game. And have fun thrashing around your victims as you rip them to shreads like the Great White Shark you can be! Be the Jaws of the game, let nothing stop you from keeping your home and your shiny treasure! Because you are the king of the ocean wherever the region is, East or West? Doesn't matter your a shark! Be like Bossiest Shark of them all! Have fun divers too, you'll need all the equipment you can against these mothers. Even let's you get a close encounter with sharks just like those divers, swimmers that had theirs and praying for your life that you don't die to the beast. Love this game to bits. 10/10 Reccomened for shark lovers everywhere and great to play for.... Wait for it.... Shark Week!"
76561198038242691,Recommended,274940,27998624,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dante,"This game is incredibly awesome! Being a shark or diver is both great fun. I was expecting that being a diver would be terrible and that it would be boring, but it really isn't. I've tried all the sharks now and played many times as a diver and i'm still hooked (hehe) on this game. If you have doubts buying it.. DON'T, it's awesome! I nominated this game for The “Whoooaaaaaaa, dude!” Award, because bursting through a wall as a shark whilst chomping on a diver is just the best!"
76561198140513780,Recommended,274940,16996671,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Cliff Mercury,Hell Yeah Baby!
,Recommended,274940,16961175,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,P R Λ E,That moment you go and try to hug a human because you're so lonely but just get a face full of bullets #SharkLife
,Recommended,274940,22707190,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,JustinSix,It's fun.
76561198118789556,Recommended,274940,18563450,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Bennire,"An Amazing game that is really fun with or without friends. It is a lot better with some friends though, so loners beware."
76561198111199747,Recommended,274940,14930255,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Fish,"Paranoid, claustrophobic, terrifying. I would highly recommend this game even if you don't like sharks like me. It's an adrenaline pumped horror experience in an epic battle between man and fish. As a shark, you can choose from three exotic species of killing machines: the infamous Great White Shark (Carcharodon carcharias), the aggressive Tiger Shark (Galeocerdo cuiver), or the nimble Shortfin Mako Shark (Isurus oxyrinchus). Each class has its pros and cons. The Great White is the tank, capable of taking massive amounts of damage but what it makes up for in durability, it loses in speed. The Shortfin Mako is the ridiculously fast class, optimal for hit-and-run attacks but very easy to kill. The Tiger is somewhere in between the two, capable of taking a limited amount of damage while not compromising speed. As humans, you can choose from three rather bland characters (In my opinion), as all are basically the same. The variety of weapons, however, is nothing short of impressive. You start with a relatively weak SPP-1 Underwater Pistol, but then progress all the way to a FAMAS-esque assault rifle with an awesome firing rate. Overall, I'd give this game a CA-35 out of 10."
,Recommended,274940,24222851,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Prof. Chalupa Batman,"do you like feeling like you could die at anytime? sitting alone in the darkness with your friends?ordo you like knowing you're a finned serial killer out for blood who just so happens to have an extreme prejudice against little ocean exploration robots?play this game, it provides both in equal measure."
,Recommended,274940,14031219,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Vape Nation,This game is so good and at release it was 20 dollars. That's so cheap this game is so worth it. They do such a great job at balancing by not making one team or the other overpowered. I really love this game definently buy it.
,Recommended,274940,17016134,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,SouthCentral,Sharks! ♥♥♥♥ ye!
76561198151118906,Recommended,274940,15230096,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,nickescobar10,ITS A FUN GAME
76561198205804017,Recommended,274940,29283740,Posted: 15 January,all,GameShark813,I really like this game. If you like being jump scared then this is the game for you. Just make sure you have the requirments before getting it.
,Recommended,274940,16285958,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,FrostbiteAssassin,Like sharks? No? then I'll feed you to one. Yes? Then kill it yourselfPanic simulator 2015
,Recommended,274940,19938502,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Mryayayify,Awesome aquatic FPS Game.
,Recommended,274940,24814694,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,1.6L I4 4A-GE,"After some hours in it, i realized it is actually really fun now that they implemented skins its actually a nice grind"
,Recommended,274940,17014223,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Покемон,Играл больше 30 минут игруха так понравилась....Советую покупать тем более по скидке...
,Recommended,274940,16969884,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,outermostjeff,Amazing Game would reccomend it to anyone!!!
76561198099692217,Recommended,274940,16979961,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Swaggy J,AWESOME GAME
,Recommended,274940,16980723,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,TH3BAND1T,"Fun, kinda. VERY laggy if you dont have a computer of the year, but otherwise its alright. 6.25/10"
,Recommended,274940,17012370,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Mikaufoxy,"It's fun, scary as hell, and quite unique for a PvP game, where the setting is the sea.Depth is sort of like a playable version of 1975's Jaws, where divers are pitted against sharks in search of treasures abound - you're not one of those damn beach-going tourists swimming out in the middle of the ocean.The AI bots on either side however, especially on Easy difficulty, can sometimes feel a bit harder than such, and can get frustrating. I would say this is a game that's best played with a group of friends. But I'm not to say that Depth is a bad game by any means - it's pretty damn good, and is still open to improvement, even with the big new updates they brought out.However, if you do like the challenge of playing solo with no one else but a group of AI bots, and if you like to get really scared, play as a diver, with your ""melee"" weapon being an arc welder. Choosing your own weapons apart from the arc welder is up to you elsewise."
,Recommended,274940,17059595,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Rhinostril,"A -when played correctly- high paced game that thrives both on the natural fear of the deep blue and it's creatures, as it does on the thrill of being a hunter and the ability to pick away your targets.The team based action and the heart beat sound , make the game that much more exciting and scary eventhe mechanics of it all feel very much like a combination of evolved (for sharks obviously) and counterstrike (the in-game-purchase-upon-respawning) I do think the price range on this game should be lower considering there are only 2 gamemodes and it does feel as if it hasen't yet reached it's full potential just yet.conclusion: decent game with some very intense moments guaranteed, just a shame it is limited down a bit by the lack of gamemodes and the fairly high price tag"
76561198050162710,Recommended,274940,17000884,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Madpack,Not a lot of contentIt's fun though
,Recommended,274940,17004978,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,BoomWithTheBang,Great game to play with/against friends until 5 o'clock the next morning. Would definitely recommend.
76561198142699170,Recommended,274940,17007203,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,W1cked,"This is a great game. it gives you heart attacks, 10/10 would pee my pant's again :D"
,Recommended,274940,16967900,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,SonsOfLiberty86,"You either fight sharks, or you play long enough to become one.Kill sharks, eat people. Tis a good game."
,Recommended,274940,16976131,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Slowpoke Yo Face,"I decided to try out this game during a free-to-play weekend, played 2 matches, before making up my mind on buying this game.Match 1. Blood and Gold gamemode, me and 3 bot divers versus 2 human sharks, I was terrified, (I somehow managed to forget I have a fear of depths.... how silly of me.)The waters were dark, I decided to try out the spear pistol immediately. (may have been a bad decision, since I didn't bother to adjust my mouse sensitivity)I couldn't hit the broadside of a megalodon at first, but once I got a feel for it, I actually wound up predicting where the sharks would be after they had ""escaped"" into the murky depths, it felt absolutely great, and rewarding once I got back to the cage intact. (well.... mostly intact)Match 2, Blood and Gold again, this time I am a Hammerhead, with a Great White player as my ally.(I was afraid I would suck at being a shark, so much so that I warned my ally that it was my first time, he did not respond, until after the end of the match) Team Diver cosisted of all humans. (whether or not that was a good thing for them, I do not know)I got myself somewhat acquainted to the controls really early. (though I forgot to adjust Shark aiming sensitivity) Scored a couple of kills, died spent my points, repeat again, then BOOM! I was a shark, I was not going to let these filthy divers steal my gold!I wound up scoring 7 kills in one life. (I think, though I know I got at least 6 in one life) After that, there were only 2 respawns left for the divers. (guess my teammate was doing some serious work, too.)The final divers die with hardly any resistance, we had won, my teammate immediately said ""gg"", It felt glorious... and to think... this only covers 1 of three gamemodes...TL;DR1. Being a diver is terrifying, and you should make sure to bump up the aiming sensitivity, before diving in.2. Being a shark feels really, really, really powerful, IF you make sure to escape the volley of bullets, spears, mines, sonar buoys, flares, and/or nets the divers will sling at your sharky face.Overall rating 10 diver death screams, out of 10."
,Recommended,274940,13619460,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Kappa,"It gets boring fast...,it isnt for me,but there are people that like it and enjoy it,so I would recommend you to try it."
76561198149137212,Recommended,274940,17489505,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,DaamSun,great game fun to play with friends
76561198091508892,Recommended,274940,17470760,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Auschwitz,cool game
76561198050816540,Recommended,274940,17024839,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Moclips,"I was told about this game by a friend and did not think it would appeal to me. Kinda different game, unique and intense. Played it over the free weekend now I'm waiting for the next sale to pick this badass game up. Only reason I do not wish to pay full price, lack of content imo. Seems like a lot but after a few games I'm wishing there was just a few more interaction options through items and such. Also another larger game mode would be very interesting, 4 vs 10 possibly? Two robots? Idk I just feel like something is missing but so great and fun. I hope ths continues to develope well through updates."
,Recommended,274940,13564553,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,klinge89,"New version review:The latest updates on Depth have only inproved an already excellent multiplayer experience. The new modes provide wonderfully diverse gameplay and keep players engaged in different ways. I cannot recommend this game enough if you enjoy competitive team based multiplayer, a must own for any online gamers. The devs should be very proud of what they've made.Edit: My apologies to the devs they absolutely have Aussie servers up and running, so to ammend my review, the servers are there and work well there is no reason to not get this game if you love multiplayer unless you have a shark phobiaThis game is a fantastic multiplayer experience which blends terror and suspense into a 360 degree fps for divers and a suspense-filled, plan your assault anticpation, third person brawler for the sharks. the only downpoint is the lack of available public servers for Australian players. Otherwise this is a game I absolutely recommend for anyone who enjoys a challengeing competitive/cooperative game"
76561198028904603,Recommended,274940,17463896,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Death23Scar,Fun Game will recommend 10 out of 10 !!!Start JobFind GoldMake MoneyHeartbeat risesSharks kill friendsPanic and swimawayTurn aroundShark is in your faceDeadRepeat with better equipmentWill play over and over!
,Recommended,274940,15264814,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,-KuroNinji,"An Amazing game, where, as a diver your heart is constantly beating rapidly, nervous about the nearest shark that may or may not eat you!However, the lack of servers doesnt really help, as bot matches aren't the most exciting7/10"
76561197984948938,Recommended,274940,16948510,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,2JZ,"These guys have been constantly rolling out great updates, new weapons, maps, game types etc. A very unique game that requires a whole new skill set and has been one of my favorite titles I have ever purchased. The only astonishing thing is why hasn't this game sold millions yet."
,Recommended,274940,16934447,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,2Raw Gammba (TradingSkins),This game is one of the bests game you can get on steam because you dont find alot of games that are awsome cool graphics and its hard to find a game when you reallly feel your in the game its self if you have tried it try it you will not regret it promiss :)
76561197962357954,Recommended,274940,15693899,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,KnoEtAl,"Sharks, doing shark things.. It's glorious, but thats just for me.."
76561198346136683,Recommended,274940,29538349,Posted: 28 January,all,Drake,"This is game is really fantastic its a bit like evolve but in underwater.If you like games with sharks then i recomend this,i first tried depth when it was(just for testing how the game was)and i was amazed the developers did a great job with this game.Ever sonce i tried the game and i wanted to buy it but it was too much money fo me and my parents wouldn't accept so when there were the winter sales it had a decent price then i bought it,so my point is that this game is really good"
,Recommended,274940,14891489,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Gay Chris Hansen,"Hello and (DONT READ MY MINUTES) welcome to my review!First off this game is GREAT! though there are pro's and con's ( sorry for my bad english )GAMEPLAY->{9/10} ""The Gameplay is REALLY good yet something is missing there isnt alot of replay value but you can replay it if you REALLY like it""POV'S->{9/10} ""Like game play POV is REALLY GOOD!, though i have a problem with the shark POV'S if you had seen the old trailer back from 2010 im pretty sure you would see that the sharks would be seeing through the mouth/eyes the sharks had First Person and now its third person now i dont know if there is an option to do that but sill it looked real good""Movement-->[8/10} ""The movement is really good!,on divers side that is...the sharks are kind of wonky ( i one ended up spinning in 360's what?!?! ) now it might sound bad but its fine it could be improved""Gamemode-->[7/10] ""Now theres a gamemode where your just getting gold protecting the robot blah blah blah i dont really like that but THEN move on to The MEGALODON GAMEMODE! that gamemode is REALLY AMAZING kind of like evolve theres a megalodon you hunt 'it' down and if you kill it you become the megalodon thats about it just pvp""Overall![9/10]"" I LOVE this game! but i would want more improvements but its still great so give it a shot!"""
76561198022301903,Recommended,274940,16426161,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Moist Lettuce,Broke my mouse playing this game10/10 Would break again! :D
76561197968167449,Recommended,274940,16353440,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,TheZomBlivion☆,A very good game i like the concept the action and the scary feel of when a shark is coming the guns are good the game play is good 10/10 would get eaten by shark again
,Recommended,274940,16396006,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,SirCannonFodder,"Playing as the Divers is an incredibly tense experience, as Sharks can come charging in lightning fast from any direction. So when your character's heartbeat starts beating faster and faster, you're desperately scanning around for that tell-tale flicker of grey (and having schools of fish swimming around, or on one map, an entire area of suspiciously shark-shaped rock pillars, really doesn't help things), hoping to god you'll be able to see where it's coming from before you're stuck in its jaws, desperately jamming your knife into it as fast as you can. I haven't played as a Shark enough to really judge what they're like, but it's satisfying as hell to get a kill and then make a clean get away; which considering the Divers tend to stick together around their little robot and will fill you with lead/harpoons as soon as they spot you, is no mean feat.Like so many multiplayer shooters these days, it puts a bunch of tools and abilities behind a pointless levelling system, and the maps aren't all that memorable, but I'd say it's probably worth the $10."
76561198013270963,Recommended,274940,16076442,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,England is my city,"A really cool game, first time I played diver I was close to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ my pants, hah. The atmosphere and the ambient surroundings and sounds makes the experience truly great :D Both the Shark and Diver. (Even though I've got to a admit, it's a bit more fun eating people as a shark then it is shooting sharks. Both are really fun though :D)However, there are no skill-based matchmaking or anything like that. It's just searching for a casual game, play as either shark or diver and then unlock more cool upgrades and equipment/tools after the game if you did well.There's only two gamemodes as well, and 95% of the times you're going to be playing the Blood & Gold one, so the game gets a bit repetitive after awhile. So bring some friends to enhance the experience! Other then that, It's a cool experience and a fun game. Hopefully the developers will keep adding features to make it even better :-)"
,Recommended,274940,13485980,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Limelines,"Well, this game was kind of fun and it gets intense when you are being hunted by a bunch of sharks. To be honest, there is definately something satisfying about being taken by a shark and then killing it with your divers knife.  One down side I have found is that in AUS (DEC 14) there aren't many people playing it and hence not many games to join. On the up side to that, you can play with bots.If you feel like something different and want to play with your friends... This could be something for you."
,Recommended,274940,16350500,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,LeBron James,"FUN, ENJOYABLE 10/10 Highly Recommend"
76561198074665052,Recommended,274940,18246002,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,NEURO TECH,BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!
,Recommended,274940,13848959,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Babykon,If you like sharks you have to buy this game. It is fun and is very suspensful. The diver and sharks are equel when it comes to power. This game is worth buying.
,Recommended,274940,13849687,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Dreaded Fungus,"This is a game that definitely needs to be tried. Divers vs Sharks. The tension felt while playing as the divers is comparable to the excitement of hunting them down as a shark. There's nothing better than tackling an unsuspecting diver out of the room they're defending while his buddies watch on. Or using temwork to take down one of the ocean's greatest predators.The game is pretty well balanced, but as the divers you definitely need teamwork and communication to get the edge over the sharks.There've been numerous updates since release, with the addition of a new game-mode, new sharks, and new equipment, so the developers are certainly keen on keeping this project going from first impressions.If you like PvP games, definitely give this one a go with a few friends."
,Recommended,274940,13437235,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Drugs & Candy for Dinner,"Holy crap. I was hesitant but I -love- this game. Playing a diver is the right feeling of paranoia. Checking corners, sticking together, using gear, playing as a shark inspiresthe sneaky predator-y feel just right. Right now i'd give it 4/5 stars because it does need to balance a few issues.Pros:-Playing as a diver feels like it should,-Playing as a shark feels like it should.-""Class"" roles for divers. Heavy gun, backup, recon, etc.-Teamwork is rewarded.-Gameplay is frentic. Collect gold while guarding the robot, no need to sit still for too long.Cons:-Some balance issues.-Not heavily populated which is a shame.-Occasional lag/glitches.Overall I definitly reccomend buying."
76561198102482467,Recommended,274940,13563633,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Akhaive,i got heart attack playing this game...
76561198023949708,Recommended,274940,13569880,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Possessedkitten,"This game allowed me to avenge the death of Jaws, the title character and true hero of that film. Rest in peace my friend."
76561198155429054,Recommended,274940,13571239,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,gewoonboefman,The money actually is really worth it this game is so amazinng
,Recommended,274940,13510255,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Hatixon,"For someone who's scared of sharks, I'm hooked on this game. 9/10, could do with a few tweaks, but so far I'm happy with the shredding of human flesh.Edit: Changing this to a 0/10 because this game ruined my life. Obviously my unstable social life disintegrated and my sleep disappeared but I'm ok with that.Matchmaking as of 26/12/2014 needs some work. There are minimum 5 minute waits to play as a shark but couple seconds for diver. It'd be great to even those out. I'd love to see a next match button, more sharks and more maps in the future. As well as match editing if possible."
,Recommended,274940,13881021,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Blaze,"WOW! This game is so much fun! Graphics are awesome and the gameplay is well worth the money, It's great for letting friends play it who are afraid of the ocean. lol Have fun playing it!"
,Recommended,274940,13882022,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Sir Punpun,Perfect for any fan of Jaws
76561198005728094,Recommended,274940,13883372,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Kungpoh,10/10 Would Fish again
76561197970642886,Recommended,274940,13885599,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,_Riven,"Good game with a good concept, no one will admit it but they are still scared of shark attacks from out of nowhere when diving/snorkling - this game captures that fear really well.The best thing about this online multiplayer game is that trolls and lemmings can't breath underwater, players actually work together really well."
76561198079648774,Recommended,274940,13882447,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,volvos60,"This game is very fun for what it is, I believe that there should be more content and more maps available but it is no doubt an extremely entertaining game to play. Especially when you're with friends, and it is actually a lot more ""noob"" friendly than I expected. It is not easy because it does require skill but it is easily learned and forgiving because I expected the sharks to be extremely over powered, yet the odds are actually very fair for both teams and I personally enjoy being the diver more. The Megaladon Hunt game mode is very fun and all the maps that are in the game strike a perfect balance between eery and wanting to explore.8.5/10"
76561198031929890,Recommended,274940,13886214,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,LEVEL 5 DWARF,A breath of fresh air in the FPS genre.
,Recommended,274940,13887292,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,SpartanWolf-01-RA,"I have over 300 games on steam, around 60% unplayed.. I have a tendency to buy things and never touch them.. this isn't one of those items.absolutely brilliant. on steam most games are simply variation shooters.. this game.. blown away. they managed to make it fun, and still a sense of progression etc.. there are a couple of tweaks needed as with any new title.. (number tweaks etc) I'd also like to be able to change shark type once the game has begun (unless im stupid I missed a key?)but overall, amazing game. well worth its price tag. very fun. It's not going to replace your 'main' game etc, but its like L4D. It's one of those games that youll have and love, and every now and again, youll come to blow off steam and this will hit the spot!brilliant."
,Recommended,274940,13887448,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Burnwine,"I was expecting a suspenseful survival horror with long matches and lots of panicking in murky, open waters. Instead, I got twitch shooting at highlighted shapes down dark corridors. The matches are relatively short and filled with tons of respawns, everything dies quickly and there's not much stalking or horror attached.However, I'm not complaining. I'm having a blast. The game is a very refreshing addition to the multiplayer arena shooter scene."
76561197991783197,Recommended,274940,13887744,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,CarneASuhDood,"Whats better than shooting a shark in the face? Becoming the shark to rip apart a team of scavengers invading your homeland, we are Sharks, a proud people and now we must defend our land by shredding the enemies intestines with our teeth 10/10"
,Recommended,274940,13534677,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,{*DeBug 5v0enix*},"I will keep this review short and sweet.If you want realism, get this. If you like stealth and hunting, get this.If you like turtles, get this.-Johnathan the zombie"
76561198006267993,Recommended,274940,13537005,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Loadstone,"Thriller (not very scary after a few rounds) FPS with a lot of depth!The game, from the diver point of view, feels a lot like the early AvP games. Little noises and indicators detecting a threat to hide from. weapons that can kill a shark easily, if you can see it coming first!from the shark point of view? this game brings out your inner predator. Your mind is thinking about how to weed out hte weak, how to come at them where they cannot see you coming!While the maps are limited, the variation in them and the way sharks can knock down terrain mean that every game is different.the balance is very nice, the early game is very shark dominated but if you can get to the later part of the game with enough $$$ the sharks are yours for the picking. I can see why i am winning or losing some games and the sides play VERY differently.weapon progression is less of a barrier and more of a teacher. there is a lot of variety and tactics that can be used but for the first few rounds the basic weapons are more than enough, the additional options just adds to the early learning curve.Tips for new Divers:divers, get into corners early on. if a shark comes for you he is then stuck in the corner and needs to turn around, in the meantime your teammates can kill him easily!Boys and miens are worth more than bigger guns!for the love of god do not sit where a shark can dash in and out in one move, you'll be the target every time!sharks:your against the clock! push hard and push early!destroy their eco as much as you destroy their fragile little bodies!"
,Recommended,274940,13537948,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Reapz,"Reminds me of Counterstrike (scuba diving edition) and to a point, Left 4 Dead (sans zombies (though zombie pirahnas would work)) - Depth is actually pretty good fun."
76561198076891903,Recommended,274940,13539939,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Scorpia,A game based on team work and tactical actions with a pinch of horror. Just simply brilliant. A thumbs up in my books.
76561197976148802,Recommended,274940,13526072,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Brutus,Awesome game.
,Recommended,274940,13545119,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Gnarlison,An exellent play all around!  I would recommend this game for all ages.
,Recommended,274940,13546075,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Elusive Penguin,i recommend
76561198003538057,Recommended,274940,13456069,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Swiiikarn™,"This game is super awesome!! :DBoth playing as a shark and diver is super much fun!The maps are really great and the new one is super hot <3Buy this game, we need more people playing it!(matchmaking is pretty fast, and you will find a game within a minute or two if you search as random)"
,Recommended,274940,13458600,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,[101st SPC] Umbra,"I know I am new to Depth at the time that I am writing this but, let me tell you that this game is intense, heart pounding, adrenaline pumping, and fun as hell. I bought this game at full price and I can honestly say this game was worth every penny."
76561198075251826,Recommended,274940,13460736,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,b.camire,it's a lot of fun and now they added new sharks and maps. Awesome game!
76561198039017939,Recommended,274940,13461783,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Neferio,"Good fun! Basically a death match plut objective in 1 map pool and straight up all vs 1 in the other. Both shark and diver play is fun - a bit redundant sometimes but it honestly doesnt matter, YOUR A SHARK!Side - play with some good ambient/trance music on for best results!"
76561198031566244,Recommended,274940,13730777,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,GodDamnBatman,Fun game to play with friends or by yourself as a shark.  highly recommend if you have the money drop it on this game. I can't wait for where the game goes in the future. Also dont rage quit if you play againts me as shark ;)11/10 would buy again
76561198116209691,Recommended,274940,13735631,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,brandon.wellington25,"This is by far one of the most fun games i've played in a long time. I was reluctant at first  since I tend to only get heavily discounted games but it's been worth every pennyl The community is good, the controls are smooth, the graphics are pretty good, The game play is very fun whether you're  a diver or a shark. I love the level up and buying system too. Just extremely fun and the servers work well. Only con I can say is it gets repetitive so it's best to play a few rounds and take a break but I love this game."
,Recommended,274940,13655961,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,M4V3R1CK,This game really does give a lot of enjoyment. Whether you're being chased by a shark or being the shark yourself making your own Jaws theme music.. It gives a lot of excitement.I recommend anyone to play this game and would definitely say add me and come have a game!
76561198024514529,Recommended,274940,13668850,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Darren,Left 4 Dead meets JawsThe aim of the game is to collect as much tresure as you can.Before the sharks come and eat you alive. Divers can spend the loot on upgrades of equipment.The game is quite nerve-wrecking with a sense of danger and panic from knowing the sharks are around and the music which changes to more pounding as the sharks appear.The game allows you to play as a shark which gives you a choice at the start. However you can find yourself outnumbered by people choosing to play as divers rather than as shark-which means some games 1vs4 or 2vs 4.One bad point about the game is that once you've choosing to play as shark-it's impossible to change type of shark that you want to be.
,Recommended,274940,13671484,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Leopard,An extremely well put together game that has a different view on the normal team vs team style play.Pros- Intense Gameplay- Good Graphics- Well Designed Maps- Sharks- Grabbing Loot- Atmosphere- It's in the ocean!- Easy to get into!Cons- May be frustrating at times11/10This is by far one of the best purchases to make. I fully recommend this game to anyone that is interested in 'something different'.
,Recommended,274940,13674360,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Headrush,amazingly fun game whats not to like playing as a shark hunting down drivers making them squeel lol
76561198003686767,Recommended,274940,13704153,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Jhym,"This game, right here, THIS ONE. buy it... BUY IT!!!no seriously this game is hilarious wheter you play diver or shark.as a diver your only clue that a shark is nearby is your heartbeat. gets faster the closer they are... then you turn around and only see a tail and you KNOW... he missed you by an inch. then all of a sudden youre halfway down his mouth stabbing him in the face trying not to be devoured.as a shark you really have to play a predator game, attack the isolated ones, that last guy in the file trying to catch up to his buddies...i would buy this game again anytime.its like counter strike but with sharks, the divers are the evil terrorist trying to steal all the gold and you are the gentle shark trying to rescue those shiny bits of metal.and do not think sharks have it easy. this game is awesome for its balance.BUY IT AND SHRED THOSE DIVERS!!!!"
,Recommended,274940,13704166,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Jahmomma,Creative concept for what's basically a FPS. I hope the devs continue to release content for this game. Very addictive
,Recommended,274940,13664922,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Pirateguybrush,"Great fun, absolutely worth picking up, particularly during a sale when there's a spike in player population.  Being a diver is tense and nerve-wracking, while being a shark feels like a totally different type of game, where you get to pick the divers off one by one."
76561197973838713,Recommended,274940,13678022,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,[YB] DongWizrd420 (twitch),Just buy this game already!
76561198006446573,Recommended,274940,13823983,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Charbs,"I absolutely love this game! My roomie kept trying to convince me to buy it so we could both play and it ended up with 6 of us buying the game. There a few things I would like to see added or touched up though!Pros:- Awesome co-op play- Dark and terrifying atmosphere- Decent amount of weapons to play with- Watch your roomies scream as they get dragged into the darkness.Cons:- Flares seem lackluster and don't illuminate much, perhaps I'm not using them correctly- A few maps have a very large open-water section at the end of the map which I've found to be almost unfair for divers- only 6 maps atm, 10 if you count the Megalodon game type, though I don't enjoy it as much.- Not enough pairs of underwearI would love to see a few more maps and gametypes come in later dlc/patchs, as well as game variants with more players."
,Recommended,274940,13823195,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,123,This game is an absolute blast! You're always looking over your shoulder as a diver and as a shark it's a thrill hunting down your prey!
,Recommended,274940,13824473,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,u guys suck,"10/10 Would game again, so much fun wow. Nice job at this game, would game again, NICE! Much game nice wow. Maybe Subscribe to iron yeti gaming.....look it up on youtube good channel btw its my channel and also i have not done any videos on the depth game which is really good BUT there are some good videos on my channel that you soulf totally ""Check out"" Nice job game develper on this game. NICE!"
76561197996713940,Recommended,274940,13807176,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Filanji,"Excellent game. Simple to learn and then great fun to master. Brilliant as both divers and sharks, a very intense atmosphere in beatiful locations. The maps are well designed and offer an amazing 3d environment to manouvre in. Excellent sound effects and I love the wildlife swimming around with you, jelly fish, seals, and even a very large octopus. Really adds to the feeling of being a long way from home deep down in the ocean. You can almost smell the sea air when it starts. Gameplay is so far well balanced, with it being close finishes a lot of the time. Not a lot of additional content (game modes, customisation etc) but it does seem to be growing. I have had a lot of fun so far with it, once you get the hang of it (there isn't much of a tutorial)."
,Recommended,274940,13814914,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Ronald Reagan In A Mech,Shark Tank:The Game10/10
76561198070352460,Recommended,274940,13788610,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Just Dick,"Fantastic, A breath of fresh air in terms of intense FPS gaming!"
,Recommended,274940,13790826,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,tunaep,"Fun, well balanced and constantly keeps you on the edge of your seat. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,274940,13792040,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,You Smell So Intelligent,"If you love jumpscares, gore, suspense and the feeling of being forlorn, then this game is for you.As a treasure hunter, your goal is well..to find treasure.As a shark though...your goal is to rip them to shreds.This game is equally fun, terrifying and hilarious with friends.I highly recommend that everyone buys it and plays together.Seriously."
,Recommended,274940,13927951,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Solus,Shark/10
,Recommended,274940,13927991,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,siraniks,"Diver: Meet S.T.E.V.EShark: Meet F.O.O.DS.T.E.V.E: Where's B.O.B?Both Divers and Sharks has it's own pros and cons, but it's well balanced.Divers:- has guns, mines, wards (detectors and flares), and nets- slow, first person view so it has limited viewing angle- knife only can kill on the last few bars on shark's life and it's lowSharks:- has 3  classes and 1 mega class - MEGALODON, spend points for shark perks- Bite and Lunge (LMB and RMB respectively)11/10I.Love.This.Game"
76561197987487627,Recommended,274940,13928560,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,sopeL,Thise game is like l4d when it came out.Innowating and very addictive :)
76561198048127312,Recommended,274940,13523595,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Jdub2015,"Most addicting game ever, swooping scuba divers to there untimely deaths."
76561198057373369,Recommended,274940,13545630,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Tobi,Is Depth a great game?I am trying to answer that question in that review--------------------------+ great Atmosphere+ great gameplay+ great graphics+ a lot of variety+ it runs good--------------------------- it takes a long time to get on a server- the server are sometimes laggy--------------------------Depth is not only a good first person shooter. The visuals and the atmosphere make it way more than a simple first person shooter. The setting make it different from Different from other games out there even though the gameplay feels familiar to other games on the marked.In the end Depth make a great mix between something really unique and something familiar.=> 8.5/10
,Recommended,274940,13553914,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,poliarity,"This game is... Honestly great. Some would think, oh the sharks are gonna be way over powered. But the devs did a great job of keeping the game balanced (although I think the harpoon needs a nerf). There are 3 types of sharks: Mako-Nonja kinda guy, lots of stamina but little hp. Great White-Tanky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with the power to kill multiple enemies at once. And the tiger-A middle man of sorts, mdium hp and medium stamina. The diver start off with a pistol, an♥♥♥♥♥the game progresses you can but differenc guns and equipment. You earn the ""Money"" to buy these from killing sharks, collenting loot, and saving teamates. Over all the game is very solid and I think it has a great future ahead of itself. 9/10."
76561198113656229,Recommended,274940,13548885,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Don,"This game is great all around i mean the matches dont last too long, the longest one ive been in was about 20 mins so its a good game to just play one game and get off really fast and its pretty thrilling to be a diver hearing your hearet beat faster when a shark is near and macks you get a little scared and i mean its pretty fun getting scared, the graphics are great and not much lag and i have some pretty bad internet. this game is totally worth it iveplayed 10 hours and i love it."
76561198054604453,Recommended,274940,13554664,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,emsotaku,"Playing as a diver is scarier than amnesia, is great game, pretty well balanced"
,Recommended,274940,14258880,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,andycorsa,Best graphics! The underwater world and the sharks are flawless. Worth game to buy!
76561198026881245,Recommended,274940,13975131,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,DaddyLife,One of a kind...wether you like sparklies or blood...You Must Buy It!
76561198128628938,Recommended,274940,15882512,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,grumbulbum,I absolutley love this game!
76561198169885683,Recommended,274940,13978116,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Globaluke,"This game is packed full of heart pounding, palm sweating fun that will keep you and your friends entertained for hours!"
,Recommended,274940,13982853,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Hingle McCringleberry,"This game first came to my attention via word of mouth and from youtube playthroughs mostly centering around Ohmwrecker and Gassymexican. For those of you who are on the fence on buying this game, I would like to highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys a unique experience.I would describe Depth as a refreshing first person shooter with a good mix of survival aspects and teamwork (which opens up the opportunity for an overall fun experience with friends). The overall premise of the game as you can already probably notice is that there are two modes, the first one being ""Blood and Gold"" where four players play as divers who are seeking treasure in the underwater DEPTHS alongside an AI driven robot called STEVE while two other players play on an opposing geam as sharks (either Mako, Great white, and Tiger) ad the second mode being Megalodon hunt which essentially takes four divers vs a ""huge"" (not really huge as this was more of a design choice for easire movement) megalodon.The movement and combat sytle for each team is great, and the mechanics of the game is well balanced with both teams having a set amoutn of 30 respawns they can burn through and sharks having specific skill perks you can purchase through your kill points, and divers having the opportunity to buy and earn better weapons through picking up treasure individually and delivering it to STEVE for the cash bonus.From shaking your mouse as a shark to tear divers apart once you grab hold of them, to replenishing health via eating seals, to the game taking advantage of what can be called ""Drawing distance"" to add suspense and adrenaline rushes as divers try to peer out into the distance or shadows searching for the other team before they strike (sharks distance in relation to a diver's position is relayed to you the player through the speed of heartbeats) Depth has a lot of unique elements that I enjoy.Compalints are that I can see some people not enjoying the fact that this game boils down to one specific formula of asymetric play which might bore people, but so far with the 10 hours I've put into the game I'm still really enjoying it and consider the game a great price for what I got out of it (I bought it during its week long discount of $14.99 but would recommend it still even at $24.99). Another complaint is that for a game with the visuals that Depth has, it strangely can be somewhat taxing on a system, as I believe TotalBiscuit pointed out himself on his own rig in his WTF is...)What it boils down to, is that if you really enjoyed L4D2 multiplayer, or are greatly interested in Evolve for its unique gameplay, then you'll really enjoy Depth."
,Recommended,274940,14398132,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,BaleraesVor,"Good, enjoyable with friends... upset about single player"
,Recommended,274940,13694936,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Exclusive,excellent game 10/10
76561198041637499,Recommended,274940,15221931,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Slim Chainsaw Fan,"While there isn't much content to behold here, what's here in the game is fun, whether you're a shark or a diver, any first-person shooter fan should try this out. Pick it up when it's on sale"
76561198070477747,Recommended,274940,15245311,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Simplechoices,"This game feels GREAT!  As a diver, you have to collect treasure, defend your robot, and HIDE!!  The sharks will swoop you up almost instantly and it takes a headstrong group to avoid a chum fest.   Playing as the shark is unlike anything else in this genre.   Incredible speed and dirty tactics is all you need.  Each shark has different active abilities.  The great white can take extra damage while the tiger shark (My personal favorite) can become invisible for a short time.  As long as they keep the content rolling, I can find time for this gem.  I can't wait to see whats next.  The Megaladon game mode they just added is fun.  Its like tag, but the player who is it, is a GIGANTIC SHARK.  The maps are large and well made.  The graphics are stunning.  The gameplay is outstanding and smart.  Just buy it, so we can play."
,Recommended,274940,15297497,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Panduloo,Lots of fun playing this game!
76561198148265909,Recommended,274940,15214863,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Squidly <3,This is a must have it's an action filled game that never ceases too impress I recommend it fully too those who are looking for jumpscares as well as underwater action playing as both Divers or blood thirsty Shark this game is a must have :)
,Recommended,274940,15190266,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,niko007lzq,A really great game if you like asymmetrical multiplayer experience.
76561198045640239,Recommended,274940,15190389,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,GALLOWS771,so much fun!
76561198077163809,Recommended,274940,15190823,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Turkeydinner,"First review ever, but I think this game is worth it.I was hesitant to buy it for the full price due to reading that there aren't many players.But right when the sale happened I grabbed it and I am glad I did.I have only played as the diver.Someone mentioned that it may seem hard to new players, but I disagree. Today(+1 day after sale day) I am the MVP in about 80-90% of the games I play. So either the other people are even newer than me, or it just isn't hard to pick up.NB! It isn't unbalanced. Unless the divers go out exploring the map(which happens) or the sharks don't use the environment(destroy the walls!), it is very balanced. It is very often a close call.Pros:* Very beautiful and ""fluid"" gameplay* Huge open maps - although I don't suggest you to go explore them as a diver* Fun weapons - you are happy for every connecting shot* Fun gadgets(mines[FUN!], nets, etc)* You truly feel anxious in open waters* Fun ""combat system"" - you get to stab the shark in the face if he grabs you* Those cat and mouse dashes where the shark tries to catch you but you dart out of the way(makes your heart race)* You get to kill a lot of sharks - expect at least 5+ on your first game(30 sharks total for 4 divers)* Shortish matches - about 15-20 minutes I'd say. But they seem fast and I haven't had the time to look at the clock :D* Constant intense gameplay - there are no 'slow moments'Cons (very subjective):* I think the menu system is clunky. For example I havent' found where I can see my unlocks outside of a match. I'd say it is very robust, but still lacking a bit.* The weapon upgrade system doesn't quite suit me. I don't know why, it's just bugging me. I'd prefer a tech-tree maybe.* It can get repetitive after about 5+  matches in sequence. A little down-time helps with that.* Could have more maps(currently 7, I'd like 15 at least). I know this is immense work, but still.* Could have more weapons/gadgets - not that there aren't any, but I'd just like more :)* Gold retriveal part - that needs to be made a bit more interesting* There doesn't seem to be a way to ""turn around"" the battle, the probable winner(team) usually starts to become clear after the first few larger attacks.Overall, very glad I bought this and I hope the community sticks. 9/10"
,Recommended,274940,15193459,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Samuentaga the Socialist Doggo,"Finally, an FPS that I'm actually decent at!Depth is a Underwater Asymmetrical first person shooter, pitting four armed divers with two hungry sharks. This game is a mixture of intensity and quick shooting. Hearing the heartbeat (signal for divers that a shark is nearby) and frantically trying to find where the shark is before it gets you is one of the most engaging aspects of this game.The game is surprisingly fair and balanced. Even though it's 4v2 (and in the new mode 5v1), the sharks don't feel underbalanced, nor are they OP. They're balanced basically as Glass Cannons, encouraging a hit and run style of gameplay. Being on the Diver team requires teamwork, since divers are easier to kill, and have a shorter vision range. Even though communication with teammates is next-to impossible, keeping an eye out for your teammates as a diver is encouraged, as to avoid losing too many respawns early on.Would I say $25 is worth it? Maybe. I bought it 50% off, and I would encourage anyone to get it on sale, but the game is being updated and kept stable by the developers. While the gameplay could arguably become mundane over time, if the game is kept updated and fresh with new maps, sharks, and weapons, this could be a classic in the making.At the very least, it's a damn good aesthetic."
76561197961680177,Recommended,274940,12928072,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,DSAS|Sgt.Stress,This game is a bit of a hidden gem. Something a bit different to the norm and it plays fantasticly. Developer has already posted plans for future additions and it looks like this game is just going to get better.Well worth the cash.
76561198003113246,Recommended,274940,12804459,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Crazy Ivan,This game will cause mild PTSD after playing for a while.
,Recommended,274940,12836038,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Ghost powerplant,You get to be a shark that kills people. ??????? just buy it.
76561198037835927,Recommended,274940,12833455,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,]CTMGF[Aliendoggie,Sweg.
76561198074625073,Recommended,274940,12876529,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Lucky Look,I have noone to play with but i think it would be very fun
,Recommended,274940,12880672,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,LumberSax,"Fantastic. One second you swim next to your best bud, the next your at the bottom of a dark ocean all you see is a sharks jaw with half of your body in it, while trying to cry of the pain."
,Recommended,274940,13488895,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Bigfoot,It's all fun and games until you lose your lower torso.
,Recommended,274940,13507757,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,TraceTheKitteh,"Outstanding game, very tactical and fun to play with friends! Just dont play with the volume up..."
76561197971336206,Recommended,274940,13513258,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Slubadub,"In some strange way this game has managed to help curb my fears of being eaten by sharks. I'll still never step foot in the ocean, but damn, It's good to be a shark."
76561198027409483,Recommended,274940,13515180,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Carlos525914,"This game is on of the most original and well executed indie games I have seen in years. This is a Jaws simulator, do yourself a favor and buy it. Help the dev team with dose early dollars so they can add more content and make it even better. Did I mation you get to play as a Shark! Do I need say more?Pros:The gameplay is superbly balance and well executed executed.The level design its mostly perfect for a few problems in tight corners.Cons:The art direction is good but it need more work, specially on the textures.Still need more content but it's understandable for the time being."
,Recommended,274940,13516782,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,KillOrder,I find Depth to be a very satisfying multiplayer experience. It breaks the monotony of your everyday team based fps while adding a sence of fear (if you're afraid of sharks or deep ocean depths) if you're a diver and find yourself away from the group.Worth the buy and definately worth the time and enjoyment.
,Recommended,274940,13518422,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Phantom,cool game
76561197967992620,Recommended,274940,13497270,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,s l e e p y x f g t,One of the best game that I ever played drunk. Good scared with a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥s
,Recommended,274940,13499255,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Матушка Россия,"I have a blast with this game. The two roles are well balanced and I sure havent seen a game like this before. It would be nice to introduce more gamemodes, weapons and abilities. This game is definately worth the price."
76561197998867305,Recommended,274940,13502848,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Shadowartisan,"Exciting game, really gets the blood pumping in more ways than one. The elements of many horror movies at sea rolled into one adrenaline filled slug fest. As a diver you feel vulnrable and on edge throughout the entire duration of every match. You have to be alert and work together with your team to stay alive and make sure you have enough lives to spare because the Sharks only get stronger as the match progresses. As you grab every artifact and treasure in sight you must rush back to the treasure bot to cash it in, your avatars heart begins pounding to signal a deadly threat is near by, as you scramble to reach the bot you are grabbed by some fearsom jaws at the last minute only to have your loot shaken from you as your body is thrashed from side to side as the attacking shark tears you limb from limb. Once you get access to a greater arsenal of weapons and gadgets you feel like you might have a chance as you kill shark after shark,As a Shark, you take feel unstopable swooping in to snatch a rogue diver from the midst of his friends and thrash the victim to pieces. With every kill you evolve to become more of a death machine, good thing too because the more money the divers make the more tricks they have up their sleeves in order to stop you from even tasting a pound of flesh. In the end you are a natural born predator, a force that has been around for milenia, there is no situation you cannot adapt too in order to prove who the ocean belongs too.I cannot recommend this game enough!!!"
76561198107457949,Recommended,274940,13506458,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,azure rahtalos,this game is awesome so much bloody dismemberment
,Recommended,274940,13462081,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Sea Bear,"fantastic, worth the money definitely. Not a game that i would dump a ton of time into but entertaining (and scary) as hell. Plenty of laughs and jump scares to share with friends especially if one of you is a shark. The game is recieving more and more content so I see a bright and potentially competetive future for the game."
,Recommended,274940,13462087,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,T1GREXHUNTER,"Great fun and realistic. The Megalodon gamemode is cool, and so are the new sharks. I've had this game since the second it came out, and I think it was worth the money."
76561197968937277,Recommended,274940,13463198,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,slεεpy,"Great game playability. The Megalodon gamemode is cool, and so are the new sharks"
76561198127252200,Recommended,274940,13465912,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Chiknuget,I ate a guy.I shot a shark.
,Recommended,274940,13465925,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Бесперпективняк,"Very nice graphic and idea of this game, i liked it a lot, recommend you to buy it!"
,Recommended,274940,13466780,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,AndyTheBomb,BE A SHARK AND EAT PEOPLE WHAT MORE DO YOU WANT FROM A GAME?
,Recommended,274940,13469378,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Ravaen,Love it! I Love it!
76561198005133762,Recommended,274940,13471546,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Substantial,"Solid man vs shark multiplayer game.Definite recommendation: Play the Jaws soundtrack in the background whilst playing. Makes the experience 10X more amazing and terrifying and completes the game. The graphics whilst not new gen have some real character to the underwater levels, perfectly representing the murky look of the deep blue and now with Megalondon hunt added to the main game that saying holds more true than ever:""You're going to need a bigger boat"""
,Recommended,274940,20339959,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,KINE,2 guys try to grab and bite 4 other guys in the dark all of whom following a yellow colored non guy called Steve.Easy to learn hard to masterUltra fast matchmaker (20s average despite low playerbase)Casual funNo grindingHilarious gameplay you can laugh to even when losingGlad I gave this a go. Top 5 game in my library.
76561198095681998,Recommended,274940,13895424,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Doge,"depth is a great, new, fresh game that brings something ive always wanted into the gaming world...sharks vs divers :D ever since i was little i wanted a game like this and now ive got it and it is great ...great shooting mechanics and shark combat and upgrades are really rewarding for both teams but there are some problems.....ping is really awful for some people and fps dips low fromtime to time hard to notice though AND limited map choice for now... i know there are more being made though :D overall great game would recommend 9/10"
,Recommended,274940,17039581,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,ruruichi,Nice And Fun Game :v But Y I Always be A Diver?....
76561198168916216,Recommended,274940,13991823,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Ic3_Cool_Morry,"This Game is truly amazing! Playing as a shark is amazing, and playing as divers is scary as hell! I got this game during the winter sale when it was really cheap. You and your friends will have a blast playing this game."
76561198129938466,Recommended,274940,13950087,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,p1x3lbl00d™,"In my short time playing depth, I've had oodles and oodles of fun. Many more hours into this game are to be put in. I mean, what could be better than being a diver making your way through deep ocean ruins looking for gold while trying to stay on guard for prowling sharks? Or perhaps being a hungry shark lurking behind corners waiting to devour delicious divers and their treasure? This game is amazing, and I would by it over and over again, if you don't have it, your missing out on too much fun. Graphics are astonishing, physics/gameplay feel stupendous, and the adrenaline...whew! *takes deep breath and wipes forehead*"
,Recommended,274940,13961067,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,foxgear,"Fantastic game, been wanting something exactly like this since I was 12.10/10"
76561198169359988,Recommended,274940,13963923,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,CodyTek99 csgoroll.com,amazing love the game!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,274940,13949983,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Chill Zombies,"Woah! I've only played this game for 3 hours but holy  ♥♥♥♥! This is one of the BEST early access games I've ever played. It's polished enough to the point where it's very playable. The only downside is connections take a bit of time.Depth is a FPS game based on divers and well sharks. And the good news is you can be both! As a diver you collect treasure and transport aqua-walle to break into some vaults. As a shark you eat the  ♥♥♥♥ out of anything moving, specifically divers.1st game went like this.~Me in chat (diver)* ""haha yall ugly!""~No respons* & cage opens*~Everyone dashes away*~Me: ""how tf?"" *discovers sprint*~Spazzes sprint & beats everyone to vault/tressure.~Tries to pick everything shiny up within a 20 ft radius...~Shark comes out of butt  ♥♥♥♥ egypt right field and eats my soul away.Pros:+Sharks+You can be a shark+Upgrades for both sharks & divers...and a lot of them+Leveling system+Great movement mechanics, makes you feel like you're swimming ^.^+Creative objects with the whole under water walle thing & treasure+Great  ♥♥♥♥ing maps!+10/10 shark mechanics. Takes a bit to get used to but once you do it's all blood lust from there! >:)))Cons:-Connections to servers sometime take a bit (up to 4 minutes!)-Is there voice chat?-None...Buy this  ♥♥♥♥ing game! NOW!11/10 Would buy this game if I was blind and deaf. I almost ♥♥♥♥ myself when a shark came lunging a foot infront of me only to eat the guy next to me...I tried to save him...okay no I didnt, I swam for my life lmao!PS: Being a shark and coming out of no where only to pick out and devour an unexpecting diver in a group & hearing his screams as you eat his flesh is extremely satisfying :)"
,Recommended,274940,13970325,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Black Metal Jesus,"After a not too friendly encounter with a shark in my native South Africa as a young lad, I decided to try overcome my deep seated horror by purchasing depth. Now however, im lucky i can still shower. Highly recommend!"
76561197989331270,Recommended,274940,14333145,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,🛰,OP such WoW
,Recommended,274940,14335166,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Dr Bear,This Game is ♥♥♥♥ing Badass
76561198143679981,Recommended,274940,13613971,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Terminator,Awsome game good graphics but you need a fast computer
,Recommended,274940,13621583,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,LimpArms McGee,"The shark was so fast, and so aggressive. I never saw him coming.Ripped to Shreds/10."
76561198006864734,Recommended,274940,13623162,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Lord Commander Blackadder,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥myself.10/10
76561198106667829,Recommended,274940,13624237,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,MP_412,Awesome game. Never thought i would spend over $10 for a game...but i did and it was worth it. Great graphics and audio. Makes you feel like you're actually underwater. Good pvp and bot games too.
76561198004054009,Recommended,274940,13629776,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Munter,Haha - this game is fun..
76561198105631432,Recommended,274940,15040510,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Ser Racist the Toast,"First of all, let's get something straight here: This game is a true work of creativity. I haven't been so afraid of sharks since I watched Deep Blue Sea (Jaws only had one shark, so yeah). The concept alone would probably earn it a 8/10, and anything after that is just icing on the cake.So, let's start off with what I've been very impressed with. The visuals are absolutely stunning. While many of the decorative options will considerably slow your average computer down a good bit, they are absolutely worth it if you can handle it.When you are playing as a shark, you have some sense of awesomeness and that you are going to wreck everybody, even if you really aren't. If I can play a character and do bad and still feel like a boss, then there's either something wrong with me or the game is really fun. This does not, by any means, make the sharks OP. They aren't. I've killed a good number of sharks in every match, so if you can't kill them, maybe you should try another strategy.When playing as a diver, you have some sort of fear of imminent fright, much like when everything turns quiet in a horror movie. In all honesty, you feel rather helpless. However, this doesn't mean that you are defenseless.There are a wide range of weaponry to fit many playstyles; there is a netgun, tagging pistols, a DPV to swim faster with, machine guns, and as if the machine guns weren't surprising enough, there's a harpoon gun that shoots explosive harpoons. FRAGGIN GRENADES STRAPPED TO A GOOD 'OL WHALE-O-MATIC 2000!While I was somewhat disappointed with the narrow range of sharks, I was impressed with the abilities and playstyles they complimented. You can go squishy and speedy, sneaky, or big and tanky. Fun for the whole family (not really, I don't reccomend showing this to young persons or old persons for risk of nightmares and/or heart attacks)!After a good bit of time playing this, I have very few quarrels with this game, and the ones I have are rather extraneous. However, they are there regardless.One thing that I was disappointed with was the amount of resources it will take to run this smoothly. If you expect to run this game at smooth 30-60 FPS, then, well, let's just say you're going to need a bigger boat. I suppose I shouldn't be so much disappointed with the game as I should be with my computer's gaming capabilities, but I am disappointed nonetheless.I noticed very distinct points in some maps such as Devil's Head (in the mine shaft) where S.T.E.V.E. (the robot whose protection is supposed to be the primary objective for the divers) will get stuck, constantly rammed by Makos who have invested in every speed and stamina perk. With no difference in damage dealt to S.T.E.V.E. between the different sharks, it can be very annoying.My last complaint are the times that it will take you to find a server. My average wait time for a server is probably around a minute and a half. This may not seem so bad, but this is with no filters enabled at all except to play as diver. This means I was queued to join all of the available servers, play on any map, and on any game mode. In my experience with multiplayer games, it should not take more than a minute to find any available game. Again, this is a superficial issue that doesn't do too much to kill the gameplay.My overall rating would have to be a 9/10. It is a phenomenal game with a phenomenal concept. If you don't have friends that have this game on their wish list, you should probably tell them about it, because believe me, they do. Is it a $25 dollar game? Maybe not. Could is use some smoothing out here and there? Just like every game can. Would I reccomend it? In half an instant.9/10 would pee myself again IGN."
,Recommended,274940,13635077,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Siddall87,This game is great if you are into gore and blood splatting play as a shark or human diver expect playing as a diver its scary as you see the jaws on your screen unexpected attacks however i do recommend this game to friends and i hope they do more maps and add new sharks and players if they add 16 players instead of 5 or 6 it would be alot better cos at the moment you can only have 2 shark players and 6 divers
76561198158618383,Recommended,274940,18119362,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Ramadon Bombathon,good game
,Recommended,274940,24086889,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,[BC]Hajas,Really GREAT Game! Lots of fun in my Home LAN! Recommended!
,Recommended,274940,24088607,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,ClassyKye,"Depth is a pretty awesome game! I was lucky enough to get it on sale for $6. However it lacks variety, there are quite a few maps but only 3 game modes and a handful of weapons, but for $6 this was well worth it but now looking at the actual price of $25 I think is overpriced for this game, I feel like this game is a $10-$15 game. The game is very fun but wait til it goes on sale again to get this awesome game!"
76561198101592689,Recommended,274940,29440949,Posted: 23 January,all,???,it's fun
,Recommended,274940,23946349,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,GamingMantis,Good game. its fun. BUy it. Ur bad. KAppa
76561198075816239,Recommended,274940,22062698,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,^8Random^4Archive,"This is a game that makes you paranoid as hell, if your playing as a diver. As a shark, its just mindless, jaw crunching fun."
,Recommended,274940,14022029,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Bibii,"Fun nice, no one to play with.."
,Recommended,274940,23896535,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Lawz ._. [No.4],Great quick game to play with friends. Loads of jump scares!
,Recommended,274940,23941699,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Tallen,Heart attack simulator.
76561198086700717,Recommended,274940,16764958,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,FluffyPineapple,If you like sharks and being eaten by them then this is for you :P
,Recommended,274940,13889261,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,DinosaurXL,"9/10Awesome game, only think I'd like to request is you NERF THE ♥♥♥♥ING MAKOS TO HELL.And maybe not have random unlocks.Possibly favor Diver upgrades over shark upgrades if we play one more than the other?"
,Recommended,274940,18016933,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Bnet:Spectra360#6493,"This is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ nothing says ♥♥♥♥ you nature like killing  the greatest sea preditor.  the furthure the distance from, the better the score. totally worth the money if you have friends, i founod myself sharing the game around."
,Recommended,274940,27823664,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,6erishey,Honestly one of the most enjoyable multi-player experiences I have ever had.
,Recommended,274940,24072671,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,The Stealable Lion,"Depth is a game that will get your blood pumping.Whether you're playing as a shark or as a diver, Depth's gameplay isn't shallow.TLDR: Depth is a fun game.Divers escort a loot-hungry robot through the Depth™s of the ocean and win by reducing the sharks' lives to 0 or safely returning the satiated robot to the starting area.The sharks' goal is to eat the aforementioned divers.Sharks can regularly see the locations of divers to make locating them possible, and divers' heartbeats will grow louder/faster relative to the proximity of a shark.Queue times are usually pretty good especially if you are queue as ""Either"" instead of choosing specifically Shark or Diver. The game allows easily grouping with up to 5 friends for matchmaking or private matches.There are twelve different maps in the default game mode and if for some reason you don't like one (I like them all) you can choose which maps you're willing to play on, though I assume doing so could result in longer queue times.There is also a game mode called Megalodon Hunt which has all players (except one) as divers and whoever kills the Megalodon gets to become it until they in turn are killed.As a heads up, the main method of dealing damage as shark comes from ""thrashing"" which is done by wilding thrashing your mouse left and right while a diver is in your jaws. This can be a bit taxing on your hands, I would imagine moreso if you suffer from joint pains or anything like that. I would say that for most people this shouldn't be an issue, and it does feel satisfying to shred your foes.If you want to know some more information, feel free to read the next section. It's a bit long but it has some information about customisation of divers as well as the different sharks which are available to play.--------------------------------------------------A normal game in Blood And Gold matchmaking will have four divers playing against two sharks.Divers have access to a large number of weapons to suit your playstyle.Divers will start with a Knife, two empty weapon slots and one empty consumable slot.The weapon list: two pistols, two automatic rifles, two harpoon guns, one pistol-harpoon hybrid, and a shotgun. There are also four interesting utility weapons: the Sensor, the Bang Stick, the DPV and the Net Gun.These four utility weapons allow the user to support their team in different ways.The Sensor can be used to send a sonar pulse in the direction fired which will highlight 'hit' sharks and can be used an unlimited number of times with just a short cooldown in between shots. It will also highlight loot for you, making it easier to collect and giving your team of divers an cash advantage.The Bang Stick is more of a novelty item but is extremely satisfying when used successfully. Your foes will think you to be a fool when you dart through the water towards their open jaws but when they get a mouthful of your stick they'll be in need of more than a dentist.The DPV (Diver Propulsion Vehicle) can be used to move at greater speeds through the water and assist the diver in dodging lunging sharks as well as collect all of the loots. It can be upgraded to show the location of loot as well as give greater bursts of speed and even pick up nearby loot automatically.Lastly, the Net Gun can be used to trap sharks in tiny nets. A tiny net is a death sentence, it's a net and it's tiny! The net can be upgraded to either do damage to the captured shark, or attach a tracking device which will reveal the shark to you and your fellow divers, which usually results in some good sashimi.The other guns have different upgrades but some common ones include: adding a bleed effect to your bullets which do more damage to a shark if it moves, a tranquilizing efect which drains the stamina of the shark, limiting its mobility, and tagging which will reveal the shark to all divers for a short while.Consumables are another tool available to divers which a good team will usually utilize.Flares can make it easier to see in the dark ocean,sonar buoys reveal nearby sharks until destroyed,sea mines are like land mines but in the sea,medkits and supply kits are scattered around the ocean by default but can be purchased and placed in safer locations,shark shields can be used to severly limit the senses of enemy sharks for their short duration,and the relatively new P.A.T. (Portable Aquatic Turret) can be set up to alarm divers of nearby sharks shortly before raining bullets down upon them.Now, enough of the divers - let's talk about the sharks.Instead of cash, the sharks use an ""Evolution Point"" currency to make their sharks stronger and deadlier. The main way to gain evolution points is by dealing a killing blow to a diver. A wounded shark may choose to tactically retreat and feed on delicious, innocent seals to restore lost health.When you join a game as a shark you'll be able to choose from one of six sharks which I will detail below. Note that some of these descriptions will be copied from the ""Learn"" section of the game.Great White: ""The Great White is as large as he is dangerous. Being both slow moving and hard hitting the Great White will continue his onslaught as bullets and spears sail his way.""The Great White's active ability allows it to reduce damage taken and when upgraded will ignore nets and slows for its duration.Mako: ""The Mako may be a smaller shark, but don't let that trick you; he's fast as hell and twice as mean. With a sleek but fragile frame the Mako is built for speed and agility.""The Mako's active ability allows it to mark a diver, allowing (I believe) both sharks to see the diver much more clearly and constantly and if the diver dies before the mark ends, the Mako will recieve bonus Evolution Points.Tiger: ""The Tiger is a real man eater, and his striped hide makes him hard to spot. With a solid build and powerful muscles, the Tiger is adaptable to a wide variety of strategies ranging from hit-and-run to all out aggression.""The Tiger's active ability is Adaptive Hide which allows it to remain undetectable by tracking devices for its duration. I believe the ability also makes the Tiger harder for divers to see.Hammerhead: ""The Great Hammerhead fights tooth and nail as he thrashes and bashes prey to a crimson pulp. Unique to the Hammerhead is the ability to passively crush enemies, fast and direct hits into any solid object will cause prey in his jaws to take damage proportional to the force.""The Hammerhead's active ability allows it to regain stamina, and health at Level 3, when impacting any solid object.Thresher: ""The Thresher doesn't look notably dangerous with its unassuming jaws, however its true weapon is a long, blade-like tail capable of lacerating and disorienting multiple prey at once.""With probably the most interesting ability, the Thresher is able to tailwhip nearby divers to disable flashlights, break walls and consumables (at levels 2 and 3 respectively), and deal damage to the divers it affects. A tailwhip can quickly finish a wounded diver or allow the Thresher's companion to take advantage of the confusion.Bull: ""The Bull shark is a medium threat with an anger problem, making it an aggressive and unpredictable foe. Though it lacks immediate force, the Bull's true strength lies in its ability to Enrage, temporarily becoming one of the strongest beasts in the sea.""The Bull is the newest addition to Depth and as mentioned in its description its ability allows it to become much stronger for short bursts of time. It gains rage while within 'close' proximity of divers and this rage can be transformed into bonus health, stamina and damage for 4 to 6 seconds.That's it from me, if you decide to burchase Depth I look forward to eating you in game!I also highly recommend playing the Tutorial. I've had the game for quite a while and even I learned something new when I played it.Good luck, have fin!"
,Recommended,274940,16516033,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Jewno,"saw a shark on the main menu screen,♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants.11/10 would uninstall again"
76561198064542039,Recommended,274940,17023416,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Pansy-Tongue,"In a world where developers rush to meet deadlines, where we are promised patches to fix catastrophic flaws, this game shines through in every way.This is by far one of the best titles that has been release in a very long time.10/10 the most fun I've had in ages"
76561198271836757,Recommended,274940,19963310,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,phoenixhunter4,Great game i had hours of fun (:
,Recommended,274940,17056080,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Z3,"great game just fun if you play human or shark, does lack in game modes though, there is only 2 :("
76561198117493074,Recommended,274940,17006069,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,SereneKiller,"Had on my wishlist for a while and was hesitant to purchase.  Tried for free, bought a 4 pack."
,Recommended,274940,25085788,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Bryan,"This game is fun and stupid, but mostly fun"
76561198067913539,Recommended,274940,25038043,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,yarukaze,"This game is a blast.  My friends and I all bought it and get together to play often.  The best thing about the game is back and forth of the learning curve.  For the first week the divers were unbeatable, but then some people figured out the sharks and they became unstopable.  The next week we figured out more tricks with divers until the sharks were nothing.  This back and forth just keeps going which shows how well balanced the game really is.tldr:Highly recomended for LAN parties!"
,Recommended,274940,25076197,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,SpoonKiller30,this game is awsome playing and leveling up unlocks new content u cen get drops thet u cen sell i steam market like skins just like cs go it rly fun game played it woud play it it awsoem + after free wikend i had to go and buy this game lol
76561198162161957,Recommended,274940,25119401,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,NOT N0T,"good game, but watch out for the sneaky shreks they eat people if you dont get outta there swamp."
,Recommended,274940,16710585,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Fox,"Great game. Lots of fun with friends, good fun with strangers, ok fun with AI. I've had a lot of moments where I jumped and panicked or got all excited like a child with candy... this game can bring out all kinds of emotions, both great ones and bad ones.While the AI in this game isn't terrible, it's not great either. If you play on easy mode, the AI comes off as a bit lazy and incompetent, but the moment you switch them to medium difficulty, it feels like the AI sharks cheat with infinite stamina and their movements seem really unrealistic and chaotic (and with absolute precision giving you no chance at all to dodge them) which makes it really difficult to aim and shoot at. So many times, I thought the AI sharks had an invisibility skill or something, or they attacked through the shelves behind me because I couldn't see the sharks at all before they attacked me. Also, I've seen the AI divers shoot through solid unbroken walls at me on numerous occasions which is really annoying. They also always know exactly where you are at all times, so there's never a way to sneak up on them, the only strategy with AI divers is the fact that they swim all over the place in the room which often allows oppertunities to quickly go in and out the other side of a room with an AI in mouth and not get attacked much at all.Graphics are nice (not perfect), sounds are nice (not perfect), more than plenty of content in the game now. Aspect ratio friendly.I definitely recommend this game to anyone who loves multiplayer focused games that come with a thrill. Sale price of this game is really good too, so I'd recommend you wait for that if not in a rush to get it.EDIT: A few bugs I've officially noticed with this game which I doubt will ever be fixed... I watched a shark swim through a non-destructible solid roof as though it wasn't even there (I was only a few feet away from it, so I had a very good look at what took place). And while you're playing as a shark, you get hung up on the terrain ALL THE TIME, you can rarely ever fit through windows without getting hung up, the ground or ceiling gets you stuck all the time, etc... Something else in which is annoying, is that, as a diver, you can't strafe downwards which is really annoying when trying to avoid a shark or get into a good position while keeping an eye out for sharks.RE-EDIT: Latest update adds a new game mode called hide and seek... it's an interesting mode. I like it, but I do think the divers are over powered. They have the option to spawn kill the sharks since the sharks fall from the sky and cannot avoid landing in the same spot all the time, they have the option to ignore the gold and just pick out a good hiding spot where no shark will likely ever find you at all, or the divers can attack the shark if by chance they get a little too close for comfort and pick out a different spot to hide (too many spots to hide)."
76561198168027607,Recommended,274940,13890138,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Modzhillah,"This game is a lot of fun, keep up the good work and i might start telling people to consider getting this game"
,Recommended,274940,25028216,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,LUAN shqiptar ♚,Awesome game just get it nothing else to say hope it gets more weapons !
,Recommended,274940,25020256,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Labrador,Love it it amazing!!The game is amazing and fun to play with friends!Buy it you will enjoy!
76561198132684215,Recommended,274940,25059336,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Princess Molestia,"Very good game, really intense gameplay and sharks <3"
,Recommended,274940,17018876,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,®Kermit™,10/10 gg
,Recommended,274940,14197091,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,MischieviousSpyra™,This is an awsome game when playing with friends. The graphics are really good and an easy game to follow. The only con for is Megalon is not big enough......
,Recommended,274940,13508684,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,duffman808,"Cage goes in the water, you go in the water. Shark's in the water. Our shark.This is the BEST Shark game ever."
,Recommended,274940,30744234,Posted: 25 March,all,one swag man,I like how this game runs on my pentium 3 800mhz
,Recommended,274940,14098159,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,bite (classic),Hillarious if you have a scaredy friend.
76561198020497103,Recommended,274940,13909460,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Plissken,Richard Kiel would be proud.
,Recommended,274940,15238976,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Red Death,Very underrated game that requires teamwork.A SHARK F'ING ATE ME!!!Buy it.
,Recommended,274940,16979023,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Tater Tot,SO GOOD never leting this go
,Recommended,274940,16977810,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Coconuthead,Good family fun game. Everyone loves a good Shark attack!
76561197965799895,Recommended,274940,16978943,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,BOOGNISH,Simply Fantastic!
,Recommended,274940,16979082,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Zealous Champion,buy this game
,Recommended,274940,20010900,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Kubilay'ın Elli Tonu,"Hard to learn, hard to get used to it, hard to master. Really competitive. Teamwork is essential to win. Just like Spies Vs Mercs Chaos Theory back in the old days. What a pro player can ask for more?"
76561198203414361,Recommended,274940,20880862,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Great White Pro,"It needs first person shark but,not out of the mouth but out of the eyes other than that GREAT Game. Hope you see this DEPTH."
12342313523657212,Recommended,274940,13514069,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Aribella,It is so fun i keep dying from other players! :3
,Recommended,274940,19817816,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Acyka,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is a game i didn't know i needed until i played itvery well made too! still a little bare, but devs are keeping the updates coming and i like the look of the way this game is coming along."
,Recommended,274940,20619163,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Falco 🔰,Awesome 3D Shark game
,Recommended,274940,17152983,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,powerful,"Heh, you call this scary! I'm a veteran hardcore horror game aficionado! I been playin' TRUE horror games way before the ♥♥♥♥♥tain your mom calls ""son"" tainted this earth with his presence o so long ago. How does this stack up to Amnesia? I dont even thing PEWDIEPIE *barf* coul;d get scared at this game! A fartknocker like yourself might though. Seriously, its time to take of the diaper, cut the ambilical cord, and give up on sucking yer mam's mammeries if you think this JOKE of a game MADE BY CLOWNS is anyhting close to STARLEING, let alone SCARY! Play as a shark? yeah, as if! Where are the skeletons? Where are the spiders? Oh right, they only appear in GOOD GAMES . How come I cant have a minigun on my shark? How is this scary to anyone? Five nights at frikken fazbears pizza at least managed to scape a feeling on unsettlement out of the empty barrell of my emotions. but THIS game? NOTHING.NOTEVENONCEDIDIFLINCH"
,Recommended,274940,18693443,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Fang,"Love all those crazy, chaos, blood and bodies in this game.You may feel it is hard to play it at the beginnings, but gives it some times and stop thinking about just winning, you will find so much fun in Depth.BTW teamwork is really important, and don't forget to bring some sonar with you :P"
,Recommended,274940,22685090,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,fish the mish,is gud gem
,Recommended,274940,21037175,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Hi there,Oi
,Recommended,274940,22657939,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Taurophylax,"Got the game on sale for $6.24 USD. It's well worth the price. But for the full price ($24.99) I don't think there is enough content to justify. That being said, the fun factore is pretty high. Lots of weapons/abilities to choose from. The game is very well made with a good amount of strategy. I have heard that sharks are too OP in the past, but the balance seems to be a lot better. I actually score better as a diver than a shark. The tutorial is great; I recommend it to everyone.The dev seems to be active and the there are enough players to make matchmaking queue times fairly short (less than a minute most of the time.)I just hope for more content: levels, items, game modes... hell, even a story line would be cool.Would recommend for a discounted price, but not quite the full asking price of $25 USD."
76561197989196406,Recommended,274940,18556447,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Gaboou,"This game is one of the very few that manages to really pump a lot of adrenaline into my blood! :DIt is very fast paced and there is a very small margin for error.It might be difficult for beginners but there are excellent guides out there.I'll admit: if you play it too often and make your sessions too long it will get boring and repetitive. You also have to play at the right time, so that there are other people near you playing. Otherwise wait times might get too long and/or the ping too high.But if you get to win a balanced match it will bring a huge smile to your face! :DI mostly prefer to play as a shark (Mako FTW!) but using a diver can be a lot of fun as well. :)Overall I just LOVE playing this game every few days for 2-4 hours, depending on a few factors.The developer keeps on updating the game and adding new content like maps, sharks and weapons for free. There is also paid cosmetic DLC, mostly skins - which I like to buy to support the awesome creators. And they're enjoyable too! :)"
,Recommended,274940,16616644,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Darkstalker Kaathe,Dont play this game if u have phobia shark and deep water 10/10
,Recommended,274940,21673060,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,ggwp commend,"Honestly, I bought this game on sale for $5 and its worth it. Being a shark, eating humans, what else do you want?However, I wouldn't recommend buying this game full price. $25+ simply isn't worth it for this game."
,Recommended,274940,17870616,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,YourPeepingTom,"fantastic, under-rated game. Would rate ten out of ten and recommend to anyone"
,Recommended,274940,20389041,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,ThatGuy,11/10 would play again.
,Recommended,274940,19975415,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Nickel Earred Nick,"What do I say about Depth? Well, quite frankly, there isn't much too say other than it's bloody good fun! (I went there.)With a setup slightly resembling a mixture between Counter Strike's loadout system and Left 4 Dead's multiplayer experience, it's a Man Vs. Shark survival shooter, and if you thought that was a bad idea, you might want to give it a second thought!Depth, while remaining simple in nature, adds an interesting spin on FPS action by taking place completely underwater; and although the control scheme may take some getting used to, once you get a grip on your new found directional capabilities, you'll be the next terror of the Depths in no time.The teams are set as 4 V. 2. Four humans, and two sharks.As a human your task is simple, protect your little robot friend as he travels throughout the level, collect loot to buy better weapons, deposit said loot inside robot friend, and kill sharks, all while trying not to be caught off guard by the many varieties of sharks your oppenents have at their disposal. A quick trigger finger, and a good sense of timing is all you need to net a few kills!Taking on the role of a shark brings with it a whole new play style. Picking from a group of sharks (all with their own unique attributes) you play as one of the oceans deadliest killers in a gameplay style very reminiscent of Jaws Unleashed. All you need to kill, is the instinct to find and hunt down all foes in your path, with the ability to sense the heartbeats of nearby prey, you may be as steathly and terrifying, or as berserk and intimidating as you please to snack on your friends!Depth also has a ""Juggernaut"" game mode, but that's rather self explanatory at this point, eh?"
76561198147717112,Recommended,274940,15879769,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Finbat2k,man this game is ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME  10/10 :D
,Recommended,274940,17542825,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Trash_Panda,This game is awesome! I play with my siblings and friends and we have lots of fun. I'd like to see a bit more variety of game types/maps but I love what it has.
,Recommended,274940,13889155,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,VapeNation Pepe,"This game is awesome! To begin with, the game is just plain awesome! It's a mix between fps and horror, and best of all the developers are actually involved with the community and is active. They recently sent out an update adding new sharks, a gamemode, and maps. Trust me, you WILL get your money's worth. I trust that the developers will keep adding new things to make your experience nice and just plain awesome. Okay, so if your still not convinced, wait a while for a resonable sale, and if you are stuck between buying this game or another, BUY THIS GAME. I have logged some hours into it on my free time and have enjoyed every scare, loss, and win. I have only one more point to add, if you get scared while playing horror games, you can pick to be only a shark when finding a game instead of being a diver or either. I hope this helps someone and thanks for taking your time into reading this!P.S- you will need to boost your sensitivity before you play in the settings, it's really low at default settings and will make your game experience a bad one. (I made that mistake) :D"
,Recommended,274940,13889218,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,TuVok Shakur,Something different from your average military shooter.
,Recommended,274940,13890702,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Aspen,"Super fun so far. It takes a bit more work to win as a shark, but they can easily dominate if played right. Hopefully the playerbase sticks around."
76561198060811426,Recommended,274940,13893162,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,big_nips,I'm gonna put you in my mouth and I'm gonna chew. 10/10
76561198040669281,Recommended,274940,13893774,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,The Source,Best underwater experience u will get.
76561197993253448,Recommended,274940,13890266,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Ser Barriston,game is enjoyable but it still has its issues. matches are fun 15 minute rushes. too bad you will rarely get to play the shark as matchmaking isn't the best.
,Recommended,274940,13894550,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,BOT Jenkem,"Okay, I have a new fetish now."
76561198157036582,Recommended,274940,13738453,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,chrism1235,"Depth is a great game. Put simply it's a game that never tires. Hear me out, yes what you often do is similar but where it keeps you coming back is each game is a new challenge due to the team you are playing, each game you will have to figure out what tactic is required and then employ it. This is just as the sharks, as the humans you know you are underpowered so working together is key, especially in the tense atmosphere with limited vision and the increasing heart rate as a shark approaches. All in all great for the price and always a refreshing break from most mainstream games! would recommend, pkus who doesn't love sharks!"
,Recommended,274940,13749982,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Azrael,"This is an incredibly fun game of divers versus sharks, the games aren't super long so they're easy to commit to, there's a clear progression system of unlocking different sharks (that all have different traits) and new weapons and tools as divers. I bought this game after watching TotalBiscuit and Jesse Cox playing it and I don't regret it at all, one of the best $18 I've ever spent. I recommend everyone to buy this game because you will get a great amount of entertainment out of it."
,Recommended,274940,14367339,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Ailuridae,"quite a good and interesting set up that goes on here, sharks vs divers, with a couple of game modes it is well worth the money"
76561198362528562,Recommended,274940,33485003,Posted: 12 July,all,MLGBEAST883YT,awsome!!!!!
,Recommended,274940,22655703,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,#WBF | Tagro,>Be me>be picked up by crazy dude who wants me to go in the water to help some blokes find treasure>Not really sure what i'm meant to do>Be taken out to the middle of the ocean>Main guy throws me in the water with the others>I don't get an air tank or breathing equipment.>See something in the distance>It's a very large shark>freaking out>Shark starts biting me>Not allowed to return to the surface>no air>mfw I'm not a diver>Im just a diving cage10/10 would go diving again
,Recommended,274940,33463590,Posted: 11 July,all,Yegdip,Tons of Fun and brings a scare factor that makes you want to play more and more
,Recommended,274940,23849329,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Spartacus073,BEST GAME EVA!!!!!
,Recommended,274940,32532481,Posted: 18 June,all,EST,Good game
,Recommended,274940,33369037,Posted: 8 July,all,ep1cook1e。X Y Z,I love sharks :3
76561198350396737,Recommended,274940,29568009,Posted: 29 January,all,skydawg321,really fun
76561198151197218,Recommended,274940,23673883,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,the ting go skkrrr,best shark based game i have played
,Recommended,274940,33550226,Posted: 14 July,all,Mon Kau,Enjoyable game. I find it great that the matches are quite short so you dont get sucked in to spending hours playing. When that happens your night is gone before you know it. This way you can log in for a quick play and then get on with the other things you need to do. No guilt.
76561198236367722,Recommended,274940,32218624,Posted: 6 June,all,GuyzSquirt2,A way better version of friday the 13th
76561198214311749,Recommended,274940,32376900,Posted: 12 June,all,FlibbizMcSlaughter,Great game! Highly recomended
,Recommended,274940,32424689,Posted: 14 June,all,□ Polski □,"I have not laughed so hard in a long time...""Guys it's okay I have the crown, we're good..""*Shark comes across the screen in a blur and takes the poor soul away to heaven*""OH MY ♥♥♥♥ING GOD"""
,Recommended,274940,32390865,Posted: 13 June,all,Kate (SVK),i love it
,Recommended,274940,32368940,Posted: 12 June,all,☣xSolel☣,Literally the most worth I have bought in my life. The game has a small community but they are all kind guys. There is no way you will meet a toxic guy. Apart from that there are constant events allowing to you to get free stuff.
76561198040618934,Recommended,274940,17001783,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,FrozenIceSheets,"Great fun with friends on voice chat; the screams of shock and terror make for excellent entertainment.The game is lacking a little variety perhaps at this point, but I have faith that the dev's will expand on it soon.Awesome concept.Easy to Master.SHeer terrorSheer fun."
,Recommended,274940,17002580,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Itchypantz,Not complicated.  You are either a diver or a shark.  Kill the other faction.  It is all underwater and it is all fun.  Buy this game.
76561197963070639,Recommended,274940,17002839,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Daniel M.,"I was skeptical of a shark-diver FPS, but this game is highly amusing. One of the better FPS I have played in recent years."
76561198187797490,Recommended,274940,32108151,Posted: 1 June,all,Krevian,10/10 my anxiety gets worse when I played this game
76561198061058786,Recommended,274940,14235999,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Lubricated Thimble,"*Plays as a shark*WOAH, I JUST ATE THAT GUY! I AM SO BADASS.*Plays as a diver and a dodges a shark*DAMN NATURE, YOU SCARY!"
,Recommended,274940,20023625,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Sevarack,Done with life might be done with reviews but dis gives you lots of sharks so gg
,Recommended,274940,32713916,Posted: 23 June,all,NEZi,Good Game.
76561198091135788,Recommended,274940,31067889,Posted: 10 April,all,Bossgamerjesse,Original and a lot of fun. It's way better than I expected it to be.~8/10~
76561198134695342,Recommended,274940,32742579,Posted: 24 June,all,MrGreen,"Really Fun Game!Been playing this online with a buddy and must say that even though we in South Africa; the net code is flawless!The Sound and Graphics are really cool...overall great gameplay and a fresh take on a ""water adventure"" game."
76561198085043794,Recommended,274940,32873654,Posted: 27 June,all,[TAW] Walin,Fun to play and time passer game.
76561198162524082,Recommended,274940,32839384,Posted: 26 June,all,NefariousBIG,"Just got the game. It is really fun lol! It can see how it can get tiring after playing for hours on end, but it definitely has a lot of replayability. I can see myself coming back to this game, even if I burn out."
,Recommended,274940,32768134,Posted: 25 June,all,doggy dog,"when i first saw the game i was like meh.. but when i started playing it, i was so amazed. the graphics and everything. i love it."
,Recommended,274940,32903107,Posted: 27 June,all,👻Foodeat 👻,It's good you can swim in the ocean
76561198196831627,Recommended,274940,17993978,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Nathan,great game
76561198388697504,Recommended,274940,32944094,Posted: 28 June,all,St3v3n_JAMITTY® skinhub.com,Such a boring game if you play alone:P
76561198070204249,Recommended,274940,19897444,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,[Comarade] Viktor Vladislav,LOVE THIS GAME. but it gets boring super easy but if you invest more its more interestingI rate this 8/10.
76561198080382782,Recommended,274940,32919825,Posted: 28 June,all,LU - 15,Sharky sharky in the darky and then eats you...ooooooor the shark dies by a sea mine
,Recommended,274940,23947425,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Theanine,"A very unique mix of FPS with third-person action. It's really entertaining playing as both the diver and the shark, with easy controls for both. While playing as either, you earn money/points that can be used to buy new weapons or unlock new abilities. This allows you to try new strategies in every session. This keeps the game feeling fresh.The visuals are also gorgeous - it really does feel like a real uderwater world, and the top-notch shader work for the sharks makes them look really lifelike as well.If you're on the fence about buying this game, it's totally worth it IMO. There is still a very active community playing online, and I've never had to wait more than a minute or two before finding a server and that's because I'm a nightowl. During the daytime you can find people to play with in just seconds."
76561197971447513,Recommended,274940,25041035,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Rural Juror,Love the game and never had any issue with it.People playing on toasters with 56kb/s modems gtfo.
,Recommended,274940,13880862,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Ethan Wulf,When I respawn a body of a dead diver drifted into my face. Bloody water everywhereeeeeee~ :D
76561198110860187,Recommended,274940,13899026,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Danish,If you have a crappy computer laptop this game is not for you but when i did play it for a bit with my crappy computer I enjoyed but I won't put many hours in this game since I have a crappy computer however I do recommend
,Recommended,274940,14755177,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,xXBezzyXx,Great Game Nothing Bad To Say About It 10/10 Just Needs More Game Modes
,Recommended,274940,15254079,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,GravityRaccoon,Awesome game!!!BUT too many hackers even with VAC wtf? really plz let them stop!
76561198194273928,Recommended,274940,14308503,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Ricochet,Jaws: yesheartpounding: yesjawdropping: yesawesome: yesgraphics: yesbuy it: F***K YA!!
76561198066516188,Recommended,274940,14291245,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,JellyBug,"A really fun game to play in bursts.Playing as a diver gives a good sense of isolation and dread with low-vision enviroments and a shark-sensing heartbeat.Playing as a shark is just as tense by forcing the shark to charge, grab, eat and run before the rest of the divers team lays sight on you.Really immersive and fun, although I hope they overhaul the menus a little (it reminds me of a cheap 90's era computer game)."
,Recommended,274940,14028425,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Pogue Ma Hoon,Pretty fun game. Controls are easy to learn. Could use some balancing and could REALY use some better match-making (Level 30s against Level 2s)
76561198021226900,Recommended,274940,15224210,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Smokezilla1,"I do totally recommend this game.  Team-based multiplayer games aren't usually my favorite genre, but sometimes they're just what I need to break up the monotany just a little.  This one is a title that I really found to be just as entertaining as I thought it would be when I started looking at it. . . Kudos to the gang at DC for really putting some variety and developing such an immersive title.  The gameplay is really good and you pretty much never feel safe anywhere on the maps.  I do like how the gameplay differs so much depending on which side you're on (diver/shark) so it's got lots of replayability.  If you've watched the trailers and think this one looks like something you might want to pick up, go ahead!  I'm very glad I took the plunge on this game (pun???)!"
76561198119213662,Recommended,274940,14475280,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,LeadHead,you get to be a shark and eat scuba divers   what else do i need to say lol   shark swims and controls almost too good   very fun especially multiplayer
,Recommended,274940,13621002,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Bertraiim,i would recommend people to buy it. I think it is awesome.
76561198031827172,Recommended,274940,16980476,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Pass.Me.That.Wasabi.Jons,First Game review for me on steam because its worth this one__________________________________________This Game has become my daily shark grill fest. I preordered this game and got the preorder bonus. Having said this its the best money I ever invested on steam. To begin like many of you guys i started getting bored of most fps games. Racing games gave me a good taste to jump on. However this game is a daimond in a goats♥♥♥♥♥ It gives you the FPS expirience with a wider range of challanges then most FPS games out there. The theme is perfect. Thrilling and Scary at the same time!Now to some points that Players have expressed as its weakness.- Matchmaking: 90% the time you do find games on any day or time of the week.-The ping can be off the charts but I enountered that situation once every 30  games-Once you have won on all maps it does get repetitive but on the upside a solid updatewith new maps is released every month.- VAC ban has been activated so dont expect a explosion of cheaters10/10I would buy this game again and again and again
76561198044497821,Recommended,274940,13979665,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Mach,Set up a shark shield and planted three mines inside it.Both sharks dove in and became instant sushi.10/10
76561198142019438,Recommended,274940,14894364,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Supersonic,This is a fun and great way to get over your fear of the ocean or Sharks. (or just make it worse)To get over your fear of sharks just play as one and see how many divers you can gobble up.I found this game extremely fun and it was quite ammusing to eat all of those divers and seals or just to shoot all those sharks with your... machine gun? Do ask me how the assualt riffle works under water... that my friend is an unsolved mystery.I loved how when a shark is near you can hear your charecters heart beat getting faster and faster.Oh and those sea mines are my new best friends they are so helpfull...     ...KABOOM!!!!exept that they can also kill you... ... so I sugest you be careful with those.But over all I think that its a great game and I reccomend it to everyone!
,Recommended,274940,13437490,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,joao eduardo riedel almeida sano,"They just added 1 new gamemode,new shark models,1 new map,it isnt enough we need more gamemodes ,lots of maps and more divers models then the game will be PERFECT."
,Recommended,274940,15750075,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,king of hearts,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YfchQpxeGyo
,Recommended,274940,15293011,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Flyinglema,"Hi, I would like to talk to you about our lord and saviour Megaladon!He is a kind and compassionate shark who wants nothing more than to rip the lives out of every single diver that enters his waters. His favourite meals are little children who go swimming in the wrong waters. They supposedly taste the juciest!This game allows you to destroys sharks and to tear the living hell out of humans as a shark! what more can you ask for??Nothing!P.s  (/0.0)/  There is so much Booty to be found ;)  \(0.0\)"
,Recommended,274940,13904359,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Senpai Notice Me,"Its like a game of Hardcore Marco Polo and tresure hunt but, with sharks :D"
76561198085120802,Recommended,274940,15009854,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,airlynx99,"If I didn't hate sharks before, I do now! Thanks Depth!"
,Recommended,274940,14895094,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,iggy,"When I was a young child I had this weird feeling I was meant to be a shark. My parents laughed at me, as did my friends. Thanks to Depth I've found my true being. I'm a shark, mom and dad. You may not support my lifestyle but, I've found myself."
,Recommended,274940,16967605,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,run it,"Really fun. Its a little hard to learn at first, but worth it once you get good."
76561198060832648,Recommended,274940,16974876,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Swagg Cream!,"Best Shark VS Diver game ever, It's literally something different... unique! Has alot of potential on this game here, and I'd definitely suggest this to anyone out there! :)"
,Recommended,274940,16976245,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,holzosmilzo,"This is a good game, definite must buy."
76561198129114164,Recommended,274940,16969550,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,GAME_OVER316,wooooooooooooooooow very nice game
76561198209086512,Recommended,274940,17001369,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,cjmactagg the  dilo,"new shark ideas: white tip,black tip,reef shark,frill shark,bull shark,salmon shark,goblin shark,7 gill shark.new modes:piranha modemosasaurus vs sharkdunkleosteus attack"
,Recommended,274940,17005031,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,LiL Windex,badass
,Recommended,274940,17013069,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,TRKY,Killed a seal. It squeaked.Uninstalled.
,Recommended,274940,17014249,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,xCindySimsx,"Empece a jugarlo no entendia 3 carajos al principio, luego de 5 minutos ya me esta sampando buzos a cojonal! 10/10"
,Recommended,274940,17016309,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Contact of Solitude,Best HOLY F*CK WHERE IS HE simulator10/10 I would♥♥♥♥♥♥in my pants again
,Recommended,274940,17018277,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,๖ۣۜRiley٩͡๏̯͡๏۶ GoT,"Really entertaining game for playing with friends, not all that much fun to play alone... 'Cept when you're a shak and you generally make the lives of other very hard and very short, always fun to see just how many kills you can rack up!It lacks varity of gameplay modes, but hopefully they'll add more. As the ones they have now are pretty fun, but I feel there should be more.I do reccomend picking it up, atleast when it's on sale."
,Recommended,274940,16910803,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Cringus,GG Shrimp
76561198102183026,Recommended,274940,16992953,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Norbit021,Best game ever made! MIGOOOOOOO!
76561198047197893,Recommended,274940,16993810,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Dubbel V,holy
76561198155205005,Recommended,274940,16983417,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,eternityreaper0,"Well, it was a good game. It was extremely difficult, and definitly does not hand hold players. Your thrown into the game, no tutorial, and you have to figure out how to play on your own. Do not get this game if your looking for an easy game to play. The controls are a little floaty, and are difficult to master. The multiplayer is enjoyable, but it lags pretty badly depending on where you are. You need a pretty strong wifi to master, or otherwise if a fight gets to intense, the whole screen will freeze, and when it catches up, you might find yourself in the mouth of a shark. Its not scary. Don't buy this game if your expecting a horror game. True, it can be startling when a shark suddenly snatches you out of the darkness of the deep. But its not a horror game. Its game mechanics are similar to evolve. You may expect the shark to be overpowered. This is not the case. You never feel like you can destroy all the divers, and rip them to shreds. Instead, you can kill one diver, and then, all the other divers work togeather to kill you all at once. Playing as the diver is much more difficult, because I personally found it difficult to aim and shoot, and occasionally, a bullet would hit a shark, and seem to do no damage.However, all this being said, I still throughly enjoyed the game. The game is a learning process. At first, you will die at every turn. I suggest playing on single player for a while, and hone your skills. You will be decimated on your first online match. Thats ok. You haven't mastered the game yet. Keep at it, and you will get better. As you level up, more guns will become available, and slowly, you will become braver and braver, willing to swim furthur and furthur away from the pack to get the golden treasure. I recommend the game, but expect a challenge. Don't expect it to be cake. You will need to work for the game, and you will be rewarded.Rating on the Eternity Scale: 8.5 out of 10"
76561198164102590,Recommended,274940,16985248,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Billy_Joe_Joe,its a great game. ilove it sooooooo much i recommend it :)
,Recommended,274940,16982297,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Lil Arm N Hammer,Sharks come at you like people on black friday!- 10/10 would get pubstomped again
,Recommended,274940,17026106,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,MrMcSwaggins,"Never going into the ocean, ever, simulator 20(forever)15. not a chance/10"
,Recommended,274940,17026129,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,reptile,"The recommended system is i5 4GB RAM, my laptop is i5 and has 4GB RAM but im still lagging.Anyone knows why? Pls help"
,Recommended,274940,17028438,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Defiant Heretic,"Fast paced cooperative game situated in a sea. You can employ role of a shark or a diver in a dark aquatic world and overcome your enemies, as a diver your goal is to search for riches of the abbys and escort S.T.E.V.E with the treasures to the boat. As a shark, your goal is to stop the treasure hunters or destroy the machine.It doesn't say much, the concept is simple but suprisingly enjoyable. Yet another cooperative game where when you fail play together and you are done, good as a fish food....literally.+Unusual gaming enviroment+Game mods+Balanced - they say you can't win as shark, wait for some guys who know what they are doing, divers dead...+Thriling atmosphere for divers - lower vision of the depths even with flashligh, heart pounding when the sharks get closer etc. It's really build up the atmosphere...+Nice amount of sharks, varying in their stats and usage+Gadgets and weapons for divers, perks for sharks+-Graphic - nicely optimized, sea is full of life, little to zero problems with fps even on higher setups. On the other hand, still kind of indie game, don't expect damn BF4 in details.-Player base is steady, no problems find a game any time but other game mods are not played that much (may be wrong but I have waited a bit)-It may lacks longetivity and ""depth"" for you""Nice game to rewind with friends or at least in team THAT KNOWS WHAT TO DO GODDAMNIT""7/10"
76561198081660048,Recommended,274940,17048574,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Mr Sergal,Awesome.
76561198189507322,Recommended,274940,15528638,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,2B robotic 剣士,i think you should also releash another content like the legendary hammerhead but for another shark
76561197961377914,Recommended,274940,15208192,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Gary Busey,♥♥♥♥♥is golden! You either bite a dude and shake your camera till they fall appart or you stab that shark in the eyes before you begin to fall apart. Men play this.
,Recommended,274940,14160938,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Lil Lmao,One: I now hate sharksTwo: Im scared of water nowThree: I always pick up yellow shiny objects on the nowThis game is a really fun game :)
,Recommended,274940,13520990,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,NLmati165,"Love the game!The game is the best assymentrical shooter ever!I have screamed while playing diver, not out of frustration but because the sharks scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me.And the more terrified I am as a diver the more fierce full I'll be as shark.10/10 Would buy again."
,Recommended,274940,25416539,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,gbs,gg shrimp
,Recommended,274940,14069249,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,S A D  P R U S S I A N,Killed other player and said get ship rekt skrub.420/69 would MLG shark again.
76561198073139174,Recommended,274940,18920224,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Scoops,"A diver sexually harrased me, and he didn't even wear a net."
,Recommended,274940,18887682,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,-=GMz=- CH3SSL0RD3 | ELO3K d-_-b,dun dunm dun den......... jaws dude its the jaws theme. oh my gosh you dont know it
76561197977084276,Recommended,274940,18537453,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,CorruptedDet0x,"Eat people, fight sharks. 10/10."
76561198126015922,Recommended,274940,18539802,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Kool Aid Man,Ever wanted to be a shark and kill people to satisfy your primal urges by eating your friends and other people well now you can...10/10
76561198094946994,Recommended,274940,17019942,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,staticshock,"One of the funnest games ever, even if I've never played as a shark. Just needs a larger player base"
,Recommended,274940,18423985,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,De havilland Vampire FB.5,2/10 too much water
,Recommended,274940,18425456,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,noice,ayy lmao i lost my legs
76561198067271076,Recommended,274940,18398642,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Smash Or Pass,Swimming around looking for sharksConfuses a seal for a sharkShoots itGets an achievement for killing a sealFeels bad
,Recommended,274940,18400975,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Lord Manchild,"Depth is a delight, and while playing as a diver is a wonderfully tense and paranoia-inducing experience, the best thing about this game is definitely the sadistic joy you get from viciously dragging a helpless diver away from his panicked friends, leaving a trail of blood and severed body parts in your wake."
76561198059723935,Recommended,274940,18445351,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,supermigit,"Buys Depth for sharks vs. divers lulz15 seconds in, loses every limb.11/10 would get Mako'd again."
,Recommended,274940,18100085,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,🔐 Raz,"This game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks, would buy again."
76561198211102124,Recommended,274940,18432224,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,seal_seal hellcase.com,if you like underwater guns and fps games tihs is a game for you.
76561198143980365,Recommended,274940,18432321,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Crazykal123,really fun game but i do wish it had more game mode but still worth buying make sure some other friends have it too makes it way more fun
76561198041344516,Recommended,274940,18432974,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Lefty,"A stupid amout of fun. Intense, spooky, and competetive at the same time. Even if you suck at it, the game is still fun."
76561198041123950,Recommended,274940,18435609,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Zinrius,"Has humanity got you down?Is lie just to monotonous and boring?Is everyday life dealing with people at work, home, or school driving you blood thirsty?Have you ever dreamt you could have razor sharp teeth, razor sharp fins, and use said features to rip someones face and limbs off?If you answered yes to any of the above, you should see a therapist...oh, and get this game too! Its awesome :]"
76561198170137975,Recommended,274940,19945107,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,✪ litl snek,It is very fun and very exiting i reccomend it for everyone that likes aquatic games and FPS.
,Recommended,274940,17094197,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Nate,"This game is so amazing, not only has it fot fantastic gameplay its team work aspect to it is great. I recommend this game to people that love team player games. tension and horror! There are a few problems here and there though sometimes like, getting stuck in wall as shark, or that the team balance is sometimes unfair. Apart from that though its an amazing game!"
,Recommended,274940,17007085,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Jacowaco1556,If you want to live out your Jaws fetish then well... this games for you.
,Recommended,274940,17007957,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,EvilxMunkee,"I'm  a Piranha.... wait... No I am a shark... a man eating, flesh hunting, beast of power that will swoop in and take any unsuspecting diver by surprise.... Heck, I may just swoop in when all 4 are expecting me!Yes... This is the life, as a shark I am powerful, eating seals (IVE BEEN KISSED BY A ROSE ON THE.... oh sorry...) for health, and stopping any human who dares invade my oceanOf course... as a human, I end up showing the poor sharks why evolution has stumped them in the water and allowed mankind to walk on the moon.In short, this game rocks, and if you want to own an awesome game that is evolution like in playstyle, pick up this game, eat some friends, and let the blood soaked oceans fill the night away!"
,Recommended,274940,17008636,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Pancakus ante Omnia,I had a friend once who was afraid of deep waters. After being grabbed by a shark for 3 times he almost broke his keyboard in a surge of panic. What a great game.
,Recommended,274940,17019873,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,STITCHES,"I wouldn't be suprised if I was the deciding factor in which so many new players decided to remove the game after playing against me, can't help being so good at shark, munchies help.#♥♥♥♥AJOB #tmi_gang #sucka"
76561198083021383,Recommended,274940,17020150,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Razorhog8,"Really fun and well-balanced gameplay for both sharks and divers.  Even though the graphics arent't amazing, the performance is stellar."
76561198000318016,Recommended,274940,17022921,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Khan Man,This is a good game. Divers and sharks kill each other. It often gets intense.
,Recommended,274940,17023213,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Texuss,"Got it for the free weekend and loved it. Great community, and easy play. Highly recommend it for friends, groups of 2 or 4. Me and my friend have been doing tandem sharks and having a great time.Nom nom nom, eat them divers."
76561198008051778,Recommended,274940,16990120,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Haywire,THUMP THUMPTHUMP THUMPTHUMP THUMPTHUMP THUMP THUMPTHUMP THUMP THUMP#stab# #stab##stab# #stab##stab# #stab##stab# #stab##stab# #stab#You are dead.10/10 would stab again.
76561198146965173,Recommended,274940,17885810,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Сосать член,Is a good game.
,Recommended,274940,17040356,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Blaqwulf,Do you wanna be afraid to go in the ocean? Then this is the game for you! Its a blast!
,Recommended,274940,18703204,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Bruch,I hope this game keeps growing up because it is awesome! Congrats to this dev team
,Recommended,274940,19910477,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,J-JAB,"Its a great Game.Enjoyable for the Call of Duty Player,Pirate players Whatever the heck you play, You`ll like this game :)"
76561198094497352,Recommended,274940,21138847,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Cricket Overlord,Mum liked it
,Recommended,274940,21082399,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Max,I love this gamebut if you play diver you're gay ;)
76561198223485232,Recommended,274940,17163327,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,5am,its good :)
,Recommended,274940,17014196,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Zyrawrcious,"Saw that this game was on saledecided ""why the hell not""downloaded and launchedtested the waters (pun intended) against some bots to get familiar with controlsselected random, spawned as diverswam downwards after teammates and robot thingsaw shiny gold crown on ocean floorthisisit.jpggets within <1m of crownshark appears from the depths of hell and tears me a new poopholecrap myself and nearlly fall from computer chair.10/10 would shark again"
76561198031985581,Recommended,274940,25074919,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,BobaJob,"This game has fast paced action, the concept of sharks vs divers is a more unique style. Learning to play a shark is hard, but having a great white under your control and all the people you can eat ... well what's not to like?I keep coming back to this game, it offers quick to play games that as the divers have you twitching and jumping as the action closes in, and as the sharks has you rubbing your hands like some eighties bond villain saying mwahahaha to yourself as you chow down another snorkel with diver attached."
,Recommended,274940,24025358,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Vodka Drunkenski,"This game is absolutely smashing. Whether you're scouring the ocean floor in darkness looking for that glimmer of a little bonus treasure as a diver or gliding through empty ancient submerged walkways as a tiger shark, there is always a constant drip of adrenaline in your blood as you make your way through the level not sure what lurks beyond the darkness.The variety of classes, abilities, and weapons for the respective teams allow for a number of ways to play the game and support your fellow teammates. Overall, I really enjoy playing Depth as the nature of the game allows for a different experience each round to keep you on the edge of your seat guessing what's going to happen next. Technically, gameplay was smooth and not at all buggy. Playing as a shark gets a little difficult when you're up against a skilled set of divers, but the balance factor is perfect between the teams.(If you are at all interested in this game, find a gameplay video to really get a feel for it)"
,Recommended,274940,25719810,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,NecroSoldat,just remember to actually gather the treasure
76561198046888038,Recommended,274940,21492206,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Dr.Plague,Played as shark and got ♥♥♥♥ing anally devasted by other team. Cried in shower but got scared because of shark ptsd and died- 10/10
,Recommended,274940,22798998,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Squanchy,I have pooped myself 3 times playing this and have been admitted to the hospital for cardiac arrest twice. 10/10 would do again.
76561198064256940,Recommended,274940,22790001,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,[LB] [DFS] Cancer T. Lenny,Never knew a shark could talk until now.
76561197964697274,Recommended,274940,22663392,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,knas,"Excellent game, with very nice asymmetric gameplay. Would recommend, especially if you can fill it with inhouse people."
,Recommended,274940,22683722,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Eyyy Haaa,"Game Score: 7/10*Tons of sharks and tons of fun. Reccomended to purchase it during a sale.This game splits players into a team of 4 divers and a team of 2 sharks where divers have to secure the ""STEVE"" robot while sharks have to jaw them down. This is more like a casual games where two teams fight each other till the other team tickets runs out. For players being in the shark team, there are tons of sharks to play with, from the great white to the bull shark. While players being in the diver team has tons of weapons to choose from too. For a 2014 game, the graphics is pretty and the sound effects are nice too. Performance wise, the game runs pretty smooth, however occassional dip in FPS during loading screen.All in all, this is a simple and enjoyable game for me. The only features they lack of is the asthetic customization of the sharks."
,Recommended,274940,22862653,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Revan,This game is surprisingly quite brilliant
,Recommended,274940,23886185,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Lopti,You can play as a shark and eat people... what more do you need to know? buy it.
,Recommended,274940,25110217,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Randal Hayswagger,Talk♥♥♥♥♥♥ get bit.
76561198061891455,Recommended,274940,25186962,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Kickingraccoon,"If Jaws didn't give you nightmares of sharks this sure as hell will.ProsEasy to learn but difficult to master.Levels cater to the Sharks making every match intense.Fluid controls.If you are an achievement hunter like I am, Simple requirements for achievements.ConsS.T.E.V.E is overpowered (in my opinion)Levels are too dark sometimes (Pro and Con)"
,Recommended,274940,29455457,Posted: 23 January,all,Isaiah's In HD,"Great game, but please add more game modes, like a CTF mode or horde mode or something. Just to extend the life of this and so it does not become boring to play"
76561198080152236,Recommended,274940,22890208,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,HPepper,Fantastic game. tons of fun to play and it seems balanced. the only problem is the matchmaking. max level players can be put against lvl 1s and those games are steamrolled... but the gameplay is super fun and every game brings something new.
76561198038755917,Recommended,274940,23769540,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Meme Master,PETA hates this game.
76561198168834411,Recommended,274940,22802870,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Peezocker,"Pretty good - it is a bit mixed, but I think if you enjoy this type of game you will like it."
,Recommended,274940,17133578,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,cripto130,"so far that i have played. i love it. it is fast paced. and its fun. near the end when the other team might get to the goal, it is a blood bath. some people on other team (refering to divers) get guns that do alot of damage. while my team (refering to sharks) are all decked out with abilities and natural advantages. i may be rambling on, but i give this game a really good review"
,Recommended,274940,17601437,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,jumbazii,best game ever
76561198067927333,Recommended,274940,18394002,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,dpauls15243,"It's fun, though I wish they would fix the hitboxes. I might just be lagging, but I can never shoot the sharks. A GW swam within 10ft of me and I unloaded my entire gun into it without a single hitmarker.Also, thresher hitboxes are annoying. For some reason, the developers made it so the shark tails are not part of the hitbox, and threshers are about 40% tail.Be warned, the player base is rather small. The games not dead, but it might take a while for a game to start, so you need patience"
76561198153422608,Recommended,274940,18392774,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Dominik,Cool game for those who love meat!!! And I among them^^10 sharks out of 10!!!
,Recommended,274940,22968228,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,BabyKitty™,This is a Super fun Game ($24.99) Depth as a Diver or shark of ur choosing get to have intents battles in the Oceans Darkness Multiplayer Game and play with friends when u want(Unless they're offline XD) And i hope u love this Game too.
76561198082169244,Recommended,274940,33732984,Posted: 22 July,all,BAD_DATA,"Well I think it's finally time to write a review. In my opinion this game is as great as it's simple. What fascinates me the most is that if both teams have equally good players it's one of the most balanced games out there. It's the perfect game to play when you're bored of all the other games or just have too much time.As one who played and plays shark for 95% of the time, I can only really speak for the gameplay as shark though. I do not know how it is like to play as diver seriously, nor do I hat them, I'm just not really interested in playing them.One of the best thing, as I said, is the balance between the two fractions. The maps are great too, gameplay and beauty-wise. I know it may not be important for others but i find the animations and shaders of the sharks to be very well made, it really feels like you're underwater. The graphics are solid and still pretty good.The only bad thing I can say about this game can be good aswell: The community (just like in every other game). I've met some very nice people. But there are some who think ""uuugh im lvl 60 how you is beter than me, cheeter. report"". This applies to teammates aswell as to enemies. I know it isn't fair and nice to say that people are bad, but if I got a lvl 70 teammate (with more plays as shark than me) and he does 3 kills in a game, I seriously don't know what the heck went wrong. I understand if it happens once or twice. I also understand if he's lvl 15 or below (although I met some people who are ♥♥♥♥ing good at that lvl). But if I get someone like that 80% of the time, yeah... I don't want to say that I'm the BEST PLAYA EVAR, but most people either play on a potato or are very incompetent. This must also affect the people on the other team, because whenever I had a good run with 30+ kills some people tend to call me a hacker (I don't care about that though, it gives me a good laugh and motivates lol).As for real hackers, yes they are ingame. I've played with and against them. Mostly they are low level divers (some are also lvl 100). Whenever I am behind a wall, I can see how they look at me or even try to shoot thorugh the wall. This is a rare case tho, so don't be afraid of that.Also from what I've seen the devs still care a lot about their game. They still make updates and soon there will even be two new sharks.All in all I can say it's a very good game with a community not worse or better than any other."
,Recommended,274940,18450526,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,NWA Daddy Chocolate,Definitely a little pricey but then again most games cost more than they're worth. But this game is so fun that I'm having withdrawals right now. It's more fun with friends as is any game but get it and have fun
,Recommended,274940,18430389,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,CS:GO is dying,"It gets repetitive after a while ,but it's a nice game. It has good graphics and looks realistic . The player base is not big enough and the developers are trying to get more players , but it seems like people buy it and quit after a while. I still recommend it ,but not at full price."
76561198212253911,Recommended,274940,26436363,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,BudderBacon csgolive.com,great game i LOVE IT so much fun playing as shark :)
,Recommended,274940,26450300,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,meow meow,"This is like Left 4 Dead: Underwater. It offers a lot of complexity for weapons and shark upgrades, but for gameplay its simple, which combines together for great games.  Being a shark and gobbling people up is fun, but extremely difficult.  Its super fun, levels are designed well, you definitely feel like you're underwater.  Biggest downside is probably the lack of lots of players so queuing takes time, and some game modes I've never waited long enough to join a game."
76561198011763377,Recommended,274940,20797068,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Pyramid Head,"Have you ever played a game that involved swimming deep into the depths of your inner phobia? The fear that there may be something beneath you? As you grab treasures on the bedrock, you hear a noise. Do you run or do you fight?Either way, you're going feel the teeth of a highly skilled, matchmaking pro.Get the game......"
,Recommended,274940,19832882,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Dino Dino bambino,Love this game! this is the best Shark vs Diver and the best shark game i have played!
,Recommended,274940,17026409,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Nimhy   ;>,"Well,First game as a diver; Gets stomped by sharksSecond game as a diver; Still gets stompoed by sharksThird game as a diver; Got 3 heartattacks cause I got stomped by sharks.First game as a shark; End up whit the third best shark player in the world and stomp some divers.Fourth game as a diver; Played diver whit the 3rd best shark in the world and finally stomped the sharks.This game is so much fun!10/10"
,Recommended,274940,21182718,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Gett1nC0sbyd,Such an incredible game. I;m addicted.
76561198100629580,Recommended,274940,25056568,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,🐾☭STITCHES_THE_FURRY_WOLF,all you see in the trailors you can do in the game. except get good teammatesaka the game is good and worth the money
,Recommended,274940,28703579,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Ten' Volka,You don't like deep waters?You don't like hulking behemoths from millions of years ago hunting you?You think this captain can shove that stupid robot up his?...Too bad
76561198211585515,Recommended,274940,21285366,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Rekt,"Fantastic game! The game-play itself is quite basic with your typical first-person shooting as a Diver and your third-person playstyle as a shark, although the frightening sounds of your heart beating as a Shark gets closer and closer to tearing you limb from limb, and the overall excitement of the game trumps any defects the game has.The variety in opponents via matchmaking is where the game is really let down due to the small player base, as new or lower levelled players may come across a few matches with high-ranking players, or players with a lot higher skill level than their own all due to the popularity of the game, but with an increase in players this could seize to matter and would improve the game.6"
,Recommended,274940,25056616,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Finn,">Diver places mine basically on S.T.E.V.E while all of his friends are around it>Chromecoop The Mako Shark jumps in!>Everyone explodes, S.T.E.V.E barely hanging onto life.10/10 would be a suicide bomber mako shark again."
76561198119313436,Recommended,274940,25055753,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Metross,"After just a couple of hours playing this game, I had to upgrade to the anniversary edition. It's just that good. Playing as the shark is very exhilarating, especially when you get a kill. And playing as the diver is super tense and much scarier than playing as a survivor in Dead by Daylight, for example. The controls are very easy to learn, and you can get good quick at this game. The mako shark is personally my favorite and I literally win about 9/10 times with it.The maps, weapons, abilities, and almost everything else is perfect about this game. Very well balanced too. It doesn't get old to be honest. Even though I only have 8 hours in this game, I can easily see myself playing for quite a bit longer, maybe even over 100 or 200 hours.Get this game if you haven't already. You more than likely won't regret it. It blows my mind that the metacritic score for this game is only 65, it should be at least an 80 or so. Highly underrated."
76561197967935935,Recommended,274940,22654730,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Faucheur,"This game is awesome, one of my favorite ever."
76561198032171538,Recommended,274940,17088318,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,The Godfather,"great game alround, but even better with friends."
76561198069609574,Recommended,274940,25163685,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,VND,Best Shark game but only if you don't mind playing against bots and hardly finding any online games.
76561198063230278,Recommended,274940,22653572,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,KFowles (Wifu),Sharks + divers = A lot of funny moments and fun gameplay
76561198067530205,Recommended,274940,22653703,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,SonoftheMorningstar59,"Meh, was alright. Can't say much since my pc's specs weren't good enough to run the game at full quality. The premise and delivery of the game were fun however, and I only wish my pc was capable of fully running it."
76561198030665601,Recommended,274940,22653388,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Ikeshay,10/10                                                                                                                                                                                                          Pros:                                                                                                                                                                                                          Play as a SharkGood graphicsKill Humans!Cons:Accidentally pooping yourself.Get the game.
76561198125270352,Recommended,274940,22653635,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Whomst'd,10/10
,Recommended,274940,25039760,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,[ucaa]highlife420uca,i played it in 3d omg it was the best experince ever
76561197994672512,Recommended,274940,16963581,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,[G1rlG4m3rZ]Julia,This game promises Sharks vs. Divers and that's what it is HARDCORE! If you don't love that game you're not a shark! Yarrrr
76561198326673183,Recommended,274940,25139077,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Mephialtes,"Great game. Unique, can be intense and scary. You have to get used to the gameplay but once you do the real fun starts. This game would be awesome and REALLY freaky with VR. Get it while its on sale!"
,Recommended,274940,16416930,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,The Wild Fire {studying},"This game is one of the best and addicting games i have ever played.And also if you're searching for a game takes place in underwater,this game is one of the most perfect choices-------------------------------------------Sharks:Deadly,fast and perfect predators.------------------------------------------Humans:Extremely powerful with staying together, and guns. Classical"
,Recommended,274940,25344827,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,qSyho [Purple_FTW],You can add more weapons :)
,Recommended,274940,22549287,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,SlayerMaster,"Bloody Great Game, is great for groups of mates to play with! especially when your all in a skype call or team speak! XDP.S this is a must buy game!"
76561198117994394,Recommended,274940,14407158,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Coffin Flower ~~^~@,"Really enjoyed a diff change of scenery, It's nice to be able to switch from diver/shark as well ,...very flexible and has the option to play short games when time isn't on my side :) ty Dev!"
76561197981571612,Recommended,274940,15183738,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,DinaDreth,yes get it its amazing i give it 100 sharks/10 sharks
76561198138160110,Recommended,274940,15180191,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,moneybaggys,i like this game very much but my ping be over 9000 all the time.
76561198128422900,Recommended,274940,15179782,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Hellmaster,It's like jaws on crack.  Buy it now!
,Recommended,274940,21020811,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Chad,"This intence fast paced game is neither too short nor too long. It's just the right length of time.  While some first person shooters seem like the knowing the maps is crucial to winning the games, but because in this game you are swimming it's not so linear where you can go so not knowing map doesn't seem to be as big a handicap which is great for new players."
,Recommended,274940,17010562,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Lukas,Was not as scary as i first thought.The game play is good.Graphics are good.Runs great.Sounds are good.Wepons are cool.I look forward to playing more of this game.
76561198158411544,Recommended,274940,32058497,Posted: 30 May,all,OwenOweno,Fish on man action would recommend
,Recommended,274940,34042781,Posted: 5 August,all,ammsamdoij,"Depth is a small game with 2 gamemodes.Blood & Gold4 divers come down in a cage and begin collecting gold and give it to a robot called S.T.E.V.E. Meanwhile the 2 shark players will be harassing them, tearing them to peaces, breaking walls, and causing all kinds of chaos. Both teams have 30 respawns. At the end f the expedition the divers must escort S.T.E.V.E. back to where they started by this time the game is very intense and the divers probably low on lives fight for their money.Megladon HuntI never played this one much, but what I remember is theres around 6 players 1 plays as megladon once a player kills the megladon he becomes the megladon and so on; whoever gathered up the most kills wins.PROS:exciting gamemodesfun shark gameplayintense diver gameplayLots of skins and a very active steam market.CONS:Balance needs some editing; very difficult for sharks to win.A little expensive for what it is;  I got it on sale.Overall propably an 8/10."
76561198180339318,Recommended,274940,33955504,Posted: 1 August,all,The Immortal Turtle,"Great Game, Perfectly Balanced, But sometimes you run into the most godlike player that is lvl 7 in game"
76561198057382782,Recommended,274940,34015798,Posted: 4 August,all,Revampt,It's good. So it is.
76561198245509862,Recommended,274940,34019238,Posted: 4 August,all,KING MAX,I love this gameCZ 230 ping = 0 pingAnd the skins is awsome+nice play+good sever+awsome skins-shark always bite me9.5 out of 10
,Recommended,274940,34043045,Posted: 5 August,all,hardballs,This is awesome. Very nice idea! I want this game on VR glasses!
76561198062960945,Recommended,274940,34044884,Posted: 5 August,all,Puke87,awseome. i have always wanted to play as a shark and this game will make your dreams come true. nothing short of awseome.
,Recommended,274940,34024733,Posted: 4 August,all,DkMarcusDk,One of my favorite games! Its amazing!
,Recommended,274940,34037737,Posted: 5 August,all,Doug The Pug,"Really fun game to play! Slight learning curve, but otherwise super fun!"
76561198284628490,Recommended,274940,34039636,Posted: 5 August,all,yegdip,Killing Sharks are pretty fun...Would Recommend 8/10I suggest yall choose diver cause its more terrifying..Hehe-IamJaydenR
,Recommended,274940,33990626,Posted: 3 August,all,Bjørn,"Depth has got to be my favorite recent purchase, and clearly the most enjoyable asymetrical multiplayer game I've ever played. The mechanics will feel familiar to anyone that has played a FPS, while still providing a refreshing new side to the formula that marks the game as a unique experience.Pros:-Well balanced asymetrical multiplayer.-Fast paced combat that puts an emphasis on teamwork, while allowing the remarkable player to shine by himself-Incredibly atmospheric!-Fair leveling and progression system that emphasises letting low level players be viable, and introducing them to new equipment early on. Later the in-game rewards that incentivize playing are all skins.-Absolutely no pay2win, once you've bought the game you've got every advantage a player can have.-Active development with frequent events that will give you a reason to keep coming back!-Easy to pick up, fun to play. With friends or just through solo play.Cons:-Modest player base that will result in some uneven matchups.-Relatively small selection of gear or customization. You will have build-options and several viable ways to play, but for this kind of game the selection is ""adequate"" at best.-Ties into the above point, but every diver is mechanically the same while every shark starts out with too few evolution points to begin any 'build' at the start of a game.If you enjoy asymetrical multiplayer games you owe yourself to buy this game. Frequent sales and immense play value sets the game apart with remarkable bang for your buck, and will most likely allow your friends to get a copy during a sale even if they are low on money. Events and content updates makes the game a delight to follow, and there's always enough of a dedicated community to quickly get into games. I could not reccomend this game fondly enough!"
76561197983621381,Recommended,274940,34028942,Posted: 4 August,all,[ICY] ReVeNgE,This game is SO FREAKING FUN! A bunch of friends and I bought this for 4.99 and none of us regreted it... Nice friday night game to play for fun. Great Graphics... Intense gameplay!
76561198000544929,Recommended,274940,17494802,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Gejm0n,Good luck have fin
76561198013483427,Recommended,274940,17013023,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,MrNoodleMonster,"This game is awesome. Buy it while it's still on sale. Fun and terrifying as a diver and fun and exhilarating as the murder beast known as shark. Seriously though, buy it. Now."
76561198158382314,Recommended,274940,32758843,Posted: 24 June,all,SADS,best sharks game
76561198012123946,Recommended,274940,15180206,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Wicked Scotty,"Please God, let me come back as a shark in my next life.  Exhilarating!  10/10"
,Recommended,274940,13739502,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Sir Assassin st.,GG
,Recommended,274940,34114146,Posted: 8 August,all,PurpleOwl,Nice gameplay.Bad matchmaking.Lack of new content.
,Recommended,274940,29478807,Posted: 25 January,all,Mar1o#VACbaN,"Wtf,is awesome"
,Recommended,274940,30475154,Posted: 12 March,all,/писЮлëк/™,Good job developers. You have created very good game
76561198197398834,Recommended,274940,23519704,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Magnificent - Dilo,DA BEST SHARK SIMULATOR EVAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH....
,Recommended,274940,24602976,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,☾~DragonWolf~☽,"What Depth is mainly aboutDepth is a Diver vs Shark game, kinda like PC:E (PrimalCarnage:Extinction) except:Has SharksHas DiversHas seals (healing food for sharks)Has rooms with breakable walls for sharks to break throughHas goold that divers can pick up, give to S.T.E.V.E for cash to buy upgrades for your weaponsIf a shark kills a human, they get 10 points. With enough points (10, 20, 30, and 50 points) they are allowed t buy upgradesShark ClassesGreat WhiteTigerHamerHeadThreasherBullMakoHuman ClassesI dont really know the names of the human i forgot. Sorry, all i can say is that there are 3 humans.3 Males2 FemaleGamemodesMegladon Hunt: 1 person becomes the Megladon. His objective is to kill enough humans to win, but not be killed. 4 people become humans. There objective is to kill the Megladon to become it, when they become the Megladon they get the Megladons objective.Blood and Gold: 2 people become sharks. There objective is to kill the humans before they make it back to the boat   with S.T.E.V.E4 people become humans. There objective is to kill the sharks to win quicker, another way is to survive with S.T.E.V.E to get back to the boat. In this gamemode bothe humans and sharks get 30 respawn tickets each, meaning if you die and respawn you waste a ticket, try not to get them to 0.Hide and seek: 1 person becomes a shark, 3 or 4 people become humans. The humans objective is to stay alive and collect gold, if a human dies they join the sharks side to kill the rest of the living himans. The sharks objective is to kill all of the humans before they collect enough gold and win.Leveling up!As you level up, you unlock upgrades that you can use in game. These upgrades get better and better the more you level up.Should i get the game?Yes, you should if you have the money. This game is amazing with its graphics, map creations, and skins. If you are a noob and would like to practice on being a human or a shark, its not a problem there is an option to play a private match. This means that you canBe a human or sharkChoose mapChoose game type (Megladon Hunt, Blood and gold, and Hide and seek)Bots mode (no bots, passive bots, easy bots, medium bots, and hard bots)If you ever get the game i hope yall enjoy it, if you want you could friend me and we could play a few rounds together. Anyways hope yall enjoy your new game!"
,Recommended,274940,30953760,Posted: 4 April,all,Enrique Shockwave,"this game is fun and exciting its kinda like left 4 dead but with sharks instead of zombies, i personally prefer to play as divers instead of sharks but sometimes feel that the sharks are overpowered. dont expect to win many matches as divers if the sharks have some knowledge of the game. i wish they would add a 5th diver to the group to even things out some. overall its a great game and it is totally worth 20 bucks so if u catch it on sale i would definitly buy it"
76561198043641041,Recommended,274940,26833386,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Doggie,"really fun game, i would give it a 8/10 in my opinion, it runs good, the community is nice."
,Recommended,274940,34056062,Posted: 6 August,all,EdwardR ϟϟ,Game is nice but matchmaking is garbage
,Recommended,274940,22733631,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Nartifolk,"i love going into chat i die from a shark and going ""sharkish nooooo"""
76561197992567274,Recommended,274940,17225261,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Simba,"Great game. Tons of fun. Its like Left 4 Dead VS mode, but point defense.  Playing both sharks AND divers is fun (not just sharks haha). The down side is that after a few days it does get a bit repeditive. There are a lot of different maps but that doesnt really help all that much since they all have the same feel. Since you choose the guns to buy you typically end up useing your favorite gun every time so there isnt actuallly  that much variety.  I bought it on sale for 6$ and it was 100% worth it. I dont think however that I would pay the full 25$ for it. those there is certainly worse ways to spend that money."
,Recommended,274940,25058858,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,fredfreezy,"God was I glad my friend told me about this gem. Also, even more so beacuse it is on sale right now AND is only $6.25. When playing as diver you're either ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ your pants, being dumb and chasing after a shark you thought was weak, or hunting for gold hoping not to get rekt. When playing as a shark you're either being dumb and running in to swap lives, playing smart to break walls etc., or hunting seals because you barely just made it out of that room. Either way I could easily see myself paying all of $30 for this game. 9/10 - though only because very minor glitching and clipping is apparent.TIPS FOR SHARK PLAYERS:-> Destroy the walls, ceilings, etc. that the divers are going to rotate to next so that you can get in and out easier.-> Actually hunt seals when you're weak. No, really - DO IT.-> Try to time attacks so you attack with your fellow shark friend (even more so if you both break through a wall etc. at the same time).-> At the start of the round, try to get as many kills as possible BEFORE they reach a structure; the divers are weak at the start - though still powerfull in numbers so just be carefull and try to aim for any outliers first.-> Play a diver a bit so that you know where the gold on the map is; divers will get greedy when hunting and sometimes drift off quickly to snag some much needed gold - DON'T LET EM.TIPS FOR DIVERS:-> Stay outta my waters you vermin scum."
,Recommended,274940,12826621,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,weedlord bonerhitler,"GOOD NEWS!This game is balanced decently now. When it first came out, divers were super goddamn OP and there was no reason to play sharks, who were actually the fun side. Now that it's somewhat more balanced, sharks are actually fun to play instead of just a tedious way to lose.Eating divers has never been more fun. I drown in the nerd tears of the spergazoids who used to dominate this game with their spearguns."
,Recommended,274940,22713052,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,✪ Jacob1z,Now I know what it feels like to be eaten alive by a ♥♥♥♥in shark. Great fun with friends!10/10 m80s
,Recommended,274940,18873989,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Kaos,">stays at corner>thinks to himself "" no shark is gonna find me >:D"">wait´s 5 mins>teamates scream at me cuz im doin nothing>hears the heart beat getting louder>""oh sh#t>gets jumpscared by thresher10/10scared of threshers now"
76561198216542593,Recommended,274940,25209399,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,kaptaprism,Great game with great concept. Great devs working on it all the time and the game gets new content and updates frequently. Also optimization is not that bad. Don't trust all comments. Definitely worth its price. And one more thing. Drops are much better than any other game. All we need is more players.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Tüm yorumlara bakmamanızı öneririm. Oyun gerçekten baya eğlenceli. Optimizasyonuda çoğu oyuna göre daha iyi. Aylar önce almıştım ama arada bir giriyordum. Oyuna sürekli yeni içerik geliyor. Hayatımda harcadığım en temiz 10 lira.
,Recommended,274940,34079352,Posted: 7 August,all,Butter Lover,i could really sink my teeth into this game  (͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,274940,35208044,Posted: 25 September,all,Eaglecoop,♥♥♥♥ing awesome:)
,Recommended,274940,35171656,Posted: 23 September,all,Smiddy,"I played 4 rounds during the free weekend, and it was definitely enough for me to buy it.  If you are reading this when the game is $20, i'd say give it a go, and if you don't like just refund it, but i LOVE it! Graphics are actually amazing, and the gore is quite comical.  It's a great game."
,Recommended,274940,35217435,Posted: 26 September,all,SouLT4keR,this game made me hate a shark!  lol
,Recommended,274940,35189218,Posted: 24 September,all,Cr33pyy,Great Game. Has more operations than CSGO. Cases dont need keys and you get unlimited drops. The game is a good team shooter with repetetive gameplay. The bad thing is that there is not team balance.
,Recommended,274940,35213936,Posted: 25 September,all,Sage,"Playing as a diver is bone chilling, also guaranteed adrenaline.Lots of things to unlock for playing as diver or shark!Was definitely worth it for the $5 sale!"
,Recommended,274940,33429723,Posted: 10 July,all,嵐,"Great game, worth the money.Only con is the high level players are a bit toxic."
,Recommended,274940,33421242,Posted: 9 July,all,Your BaHaH,"The best game in world. I buy it during the Summer Sale. For 4,99$. I played over 30 hours. You can buy enought items in Community Market. Game is cheap, and you definitely like it. I like this game the best game what i played."
76561198344909420,Recommended,274940,33424170,Posted: 10 July,all,Drago33,This scares me every time when the sharks grab me :>This game is amasing! The gamepaly is Extreamly FunYou Can be a Shark And:-Eat Divers-scare the crap out of divers-Evolve Your SkillsOr you can Be a Diver And:-Get Gold-Dont Die-Kill Sharks-Upgrade Your ArsenalThis Game Is an awsom game!Hyped For the New update
,Recommended,274940,33424323,Posted: 10 July,all,Optimus Prime,"Beautiful game that deserves more than it gets. 10/10 would recommend.Easy to run? ✔Beautiful graphics? ✔Balanced? ✔Great fun? ✔I think the most important aspect of this game to recognize is that it's similar to a horror game, yet it actually has enticing gameplay. Being a diver can be really scary and you will get taken by surprise more than you would think. However, this isn't to say that there is no skill involved! After only a few hours, you can see yourself improve at hunting down sharks and also becoming a great shark player.Thanks to the steam sale, there was a huge influx of players, which lowered queue times a lot and I hope this game earned some more players. It deserves a large player base. Depth previously had a much smaller and tight knit community, but I hope some of the newer players stick around."
,Recommended,274940,35209378,Posted: 25 September,all,Novus,This game is incredible and while there is a learning curve once you get into the action it never ceases to be a thrilling experience.
76561198193733961,Recommended,274940,15601600,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Megalodon151,I think this is the best game ever the shark detal's are awesome and the fact u add megalodon is great I hope u keep making more sharks and I hope the next shark you will add a bull shark. Also please make this game run faster on laptops it lags every time sometimes it even crashes i got steam because of this game so please make this game run faster on laptops this is the best game ever it would be more better if u do it.
,Recommended,274940,35152936,Posted: 23 September,all,Vikko2,"An extremely fun game to play with friends and randoms alike, due to the concept of being hunted by sharks. Picked this up during the free weekend + sale with no regrets, after seeing that reviews were better than I expected.The reason it's okay with randoms is that it's such a fast and different experience to anything else out there so far, and there's something about being able to drop into the ocean and fight off hyper-intelligent sharks.The game is pretty old, so I don't expect the game to change much by now.Before I begin, the game does have a microtransaction shop, but is purely for cosmetics ONLY. You are given the option to buy crates for rarer skins for sharks/guns or buy certain skins directly. If you're not feeling like emptying your wallet any more than the base price, you can earn crates completely for free as you play, and not all skins are even obtainable through the shop. There's no advantage to be had from paying more, unless you want to be prettier, sooner.I want to start off saying that this isn't a game that is going to blow your mind, but it's more of a pleasant tickle of sorts. This isnotan underwater sim. It's a fast paced underwater asymmetrical action-excursion that takes place in short matches (in the Blood and Gold gamemode, of 2 sharks and 4 divers), so be forewarned.It's a very original shooter, and its easily most popular and well-thought-out game mode Blood and Gold, takes a couple cues from MOBA style games. To put it very briefly, there's a concept of early, mid, and late game in this mode and different builds suited for different sharks and situations. Even some ""gold management"" for the divers. It's very unusual but surprisingly interesting. I won't go into detail about this, but I'd suggest looking up some guides or articles that describe the game flow in Depth (pun unintended).In Depth, sharks and divers really do feel like they're underwater and everything moves very fluidly. Aside from having trouble picking up treasure on occasion (which really isn't even that big of a problem), everything feels really solid. The sharks are unique and each have specialties and baseline stats that are suited for different playstyles. Divers are given a number of character models to choose from, and a both suitable and fun arsenal to customize how they want to play, each match.Similar to that of Spies vs Mercs from the Splinter Cell series, Depth's contrast between playing sharks versus the divers is an extremely strong one, and really helps further make the game interesting. Sharks are given a well done third person view over their shark, while divers are given the traditional first person camera view. Because they have set up the camera this way, playing as a diver can feel very daunting when knowing that a shark could sweep in and chew you  up. As a shark, you feel empowered and dangerous, but also often vulnerable against the power of human technology if you're not careful enough.There's a sense of play with shadows and the fogginess of the deep that is really well done, and plays to the game's advantage. As a diver, you are given an ample arsenal to work with in fending off the sharks as you traverse your brief underwater excursion, but there's nothing that'll shake the feeling that comes with knowing a shark could appear at any time just outside of your view. The devs have done a great job in making it look and feel really authentic, even if this isn't a likely scenario. The underwater sounds are also pretty great, and do the job at conveying the setting well, while playing a role as a gameplay mechanic, too.The only thing that I would ask for at this point in time is just more maps, really (although any meaty content would be great regardless). There's already plenty to dig into, but more is always better in a game like this. There is definitely a learning curve to the game, and lots to learn if you want to be an expert at Depth.New modes wouldn't hurt either, but the game's been out for a while already.Most asymmetrical team games become very dull and pretty uninteresting after a few plays, but I think this is one that my friends and I can come back to from time to time and really enjoy together. It's definitely something else, and your mileage with the game can vary depending on what you're looking for from Depth.For people who care about numbers:1/10 being absolutely broken, 5/10 being so-so, and 10/10 being near-perfection.Gameplay: 7.75/10Visuals: 7.5/10Audio: 8/10Replay Value: Variable, Personal Score 6.5/10FUN FACTOR (The most important one): 8.5/10While quite enjoyable, again, mileage can vary. I would pick this game up on sale, for sure, but I'd be very on the fence about the full price."
76561198015654323,Recommended,274940,35175335,Posted: 24 September,all,Lucius Verus,"Tryed it in a free weekend, really enjoyed it..Afterwards i got it for $4,99 a decent price for the game if you ask me, $ 19,99 is way too much.+ Co-op playing.+ Good gameplay+ Different game modes and maps+ Being a shark+ Being hunted as a diver- Sharks dies quicker then a diver,  the ratio is a bit out of balance.Overall : 7,5/10 really nice game to play once in a while."
76561198146229208,Recommended,274940,35161860,Posted: 23 September,all,hodow100,Great game for 5$ProsSharks speech the engerishSharks eat the pplsGud gameConsidk
76561198067582140,Recommended,274940,35138788,Posted: 22 September,all,epicsmoke,The only thing missing is the JAWS theme song. its a good game though.
,Recommended,274940,35183059,Posted: 24 September,all,Op,Good game
,Recommended,274940,16965336,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Haleat,Sharknado would be proud10/10 Would hunt divers again
76561197980618048,Recommended,274940,35167006,Posted: 23 September,all,Survivor,"A very fun game especial if it's on a free weekend. Being a shark chomping down people or being a diver shooting sharks to death is the best thing ever (just a side note if you are scared easily by things flying at you don't play this, or play as a shark because you don't have that worry)"
76561198087842004,Recommended,274940,20483855,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,peaky69,this game is amazing
,Recommended,274940,20491190,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Dawg101 DJ Dawg ღLoveMyPuppiesღ,One of the best shark vs. divers games ever. This is way better than Jaws! The physics is amazing i love it!!!!!!!
76561198030235304,Recommended,274940,21034182,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,DeviousWolf4 ~♥!,Scary sharks and lots of blood. Love it
,Recommended,274940,21104192,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,wolfrock,"4 divers vs 2 sharks, cool weapons, six degrees of freedom, way better than evolve ever was. I respect good shark players. It's really hard to get good at that."
76561198114962193,Recommended,274940,21114590,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,PowerOfMyScrotum,well i got this game on whim but damn this is good. at first you will lose but when u play more u'll get better
76561198067876474,Recommended,274940,21130184,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,LiveWire,"Awesome game to play with friends or even by yourself, highly recommend trying it out."
76561198090161552,Recommended,274940,21019350,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Droog138,"Awesome Game, Worth the money. It's pretty much Left 4 Dead but underwater. Game is overall balanced. Graphics are very good. Only thing that is holding it back is the player base for other game modes. You will be in que for a long time to play other modes. The other modes are fun once you get a group going. If you have friends that play it makes that much better."
76561198098892771,Recommended,274940,21051457,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,AndyVD,>Hadn't played in AGES>Enter lobby and say hi to everyone>People seem very nice>Play as a diver - I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥as a shark>Didn't know what the f**k weapons to use so got a harpoon pistol>Gets first kill>Then second>Then third>Gets ripped to shreds from behind>Upgrades to underwater machine gun>Mows down two sharks at once while protecting my boy S.T.E.V.E>Wins game by a hair>Uses harpoon pistol ever since10/10 would mow down sharks again
76561198182305407,Recommended,274940,21104347,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,DALAI LAMA,FUN
76561198225356172,Recommended,274940,21846525,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,nickchurch12,"This game is definitely intense. It's like Primal Carnage and Primal Carnage Extinction, but with sharks instead of dinosaurs. When I've played this game, there has never been a dull moment. I feel that I definitely do better as a diver simply because I have a gun of some description, three teammates and S.T.E.V.E., and an arsenal of other goodies to defend myself with. It is an intense game and an exciting one too. Again, never a dull moment. Really glad I got this. Definitely gonna have to get Primal Carnage: Extinction and try it out too. Overall, a great multiplayer, skirmish-and-battle game."
76561198085489801,Recommended,274940,21908624,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,WinnB,"So many divers eaten... So many days ruined. My friends jokingly ask if I'm ""hungry"" or if I want ""a snack"" when asking if I'm up to play this game. I always am. Depth is an asymmetrical team-based shooter with sharks vs divers. Essentially, it's what Evolve wishes it could be. There are different sharks, like the tanky great white or the speedy mako. There are various shark upgrades like rapid health regeneration after eating a diver. The sharks don't have it easy, though. Divers protect a robot that opens up deep-sea safes around the map, netting them cash to use on new weapons. gear, and upgrades. Harpoon guns, underwater machine guns, poison rounds, mobile turrets, and a myriad of other tools are at the divers' disposal to fend off the sharks until S.T.E.V.E. is done with the safes. The devs update this game every few months, adding more of everything there is to love. Over more than a year after release, they have changed Depth from a limited-playstyle gimmick to a full fleshed out game with countless hours of fun."
76561198173456151,Recommended,274940,22074328,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,BTWAR27,"I really enjoy this game, you dont get bored of it... it can be very addictive!"
76561198015540764,Recommended,274940,21110801,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Zehnzen,"I'm just gonna keep this short:You should buy this.It's easy to pick up anytime, even if you haven't played it for a while.It's fun.Yeah that's about it.anyways it's good fun, where sometimes I still get a heart attack."
,Recommended,274940,21973610,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,VideoGamerNinja,This is basically Jaws: The Game.
,Recommended,274940,22119394,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,MANNYTHEMAMMOTH,divers vs sharks10/10 would eat baby seals again
76561198207757120,Recommended,274940,21097119,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,KingJow,Best Shark game ever:-good graphics-awesome sharks skins-cool seeing body parts flying everywhere-best shark jumpscares10/10EATSHOOTSURVIVEREPEAT
,Recommended,274940,22029696,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Sheik hellcase.com PotAtoE,its one of the best games a have playedyou and your partners need to work togther to winme and my buddy wheir sharks and we got demolished by the divers because we wheir coming at them one by oneplus they stuck togther
,Recommended,274940,21957446,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Drez,"Great game, but over time is became dogged with cash grab type cosmetic DLC."
,Recommended,274940,21965958,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,K. V. Bones,"It has sharks, sharks are cool buy it."
,Recommended,274940,22050450,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,GoatToad,"I thoroughly enjoyed this game when it ran properly. I really liked the balance of divers and sharks, as well as the diversity of abilities amongst each character."
76561197991618408,Recommended,274940,18424522,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Kezza Combo,"Intense game, only played it for a short amount of tiime but i love it! Preffered to be played with friends but don't let that put you off, it is a brilliant game to play alone at night. :D"
,Recommended,274940,27922902,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Fantastic,nice depth feeling
,Recommended,274940,27923186,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,FluffyBanana,One of the best alpha games i played so far
,Recommended,274940,17395547,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,NonDrip,Sharks are spooky as hell. Teamwork is esential.  Very very fun.
76561198120448351,Recommended,274940,14605167,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,FourScore,Really Fun for challenges also any one who likes sharks it will show the dark side of them when your near there territory
76561198153480226,Recommended,274940,25110872,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,`Kezio`,Playing this chit with friends will made ur whole week.PROS:-Smooth gameplay-Love the idea-JumpscaresCONS:-Sharks are op-Meh maps7/10 Buy only on sales
,Recommended,274940,29254751,Posted: 14 January,all,✪WOLFLUPUL23,Awesome game
,Recommended,274940,13583397,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Raca Bro Anthony,The game is an action paced horror multiplayer game. Needs more Games Modes and shark classes.
76561198088370748,Recommended,274940,16462367,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,someone,"Very very good game.  Well balanced, tons of fun.  Good and responsive devs also.  I strongly recommend you check it out!"
76561197980930702,Recommended,274940,22693324,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,✠STAHLHELM✠-GER,Great Game !!!
,Recommended,274940,17016776,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,JeffROM,"A fast paced and thrilling game that can either be as a quick pitstop on the way to bigger games, or a lengthy marathon between friends or strangers to succeed. I fully recommend this game to anyone who wants an interesting take on this genre.There will be a video of the gameplay on my youtube channel this wednesday if you want to see that:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaEZNget2hnLPNV-CaQFVvw"
76561198354381805,Recommended,274940,33570891,Posted: 15 July,all,StelthShadow1,gravy train simulator is an amazing and fun game to play
76561198242212012,Recommended,274940,33572995,Posted: 15 July,all,WreckLin,awsome game i love it (:
,Recommended,274940,35290196,Posted: 29 September,all,Slender,a fun mix between sea and death
76561198269136255,Recommended,274940,34158105,Posted: 10 August,all,Brolytard,"This game is a very tactical, assymetrical escort type game. None of the sharks feel like copies of each other, they are all unique. It's a fun game if you like intense action and violence in your games. Definitely one of my favourite games of all time."
76561198259297618,Recommended,274940,35400724,Posted: 1 October,all,Soviet Walrus,Its terrible play alone and not worth the 50 bucks to get it for four friends.
,Recommended,274940,35401035,Posted: 1 October,all,Clover,Fun game git gud
76561198152945569,Recommended,274940,34168094,Posted: 11 August,all,wack.as.niger,its a good fun game but they need to add more modes and stuff like that but other than that its fun as
,Recommended,274940,35318424,Posted: 29 September,all,Son Gohan,DA BEEZNEEZ
76561198013680785,Recommended,274940,34172661,Posted: 11 August,all,Stoned Solo,great game it worth to spen your money on it
76561198055501148,Recommended,274940,22724969,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Golden Astro Fox,"Super awesome game, i love such diving games, where you can be the diver and the shark, i mostly love to play as shark cause its something else and different from other games, which makes it super amazing to play. Id say its worth buying if you love these kind of games, you wont be disappointed."
76561197989811232,Recommended,274940,22232154,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Naton,fun game just to chill play
,Recommended,274940,22451212,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,🎮Poppy | Vanilla,"Playing as one of the two man-eating sharks that stalk the four human divers in each match is definitely the star of the show. Navigating swiftly and silently in third-person perspective, I quickly developed a sense that these oceans were mine to lord over. The sluggish, clumsy humans huddled in groups as they inched their way from treasure stash to to treasure stash, knowing I was out there somewhere, but never sure from what direction I’d attack, or when. Regular sonar pulses showed me outlines of my prey, allowing me to keep tabs on them at great distances. It’s reminiscent of playing as the Infected in Left 4 Dead, or the Alien gameplay in the old Aliens vs Predator 2 multiplayer: speed, stealth, and a superior awareness of the environment were my primary advantages.The humans brought numbers, hardware, and ranged weaponry to the table in response. Playing from first-person and handicapped by a deliberately-limited sight range, the intrepid landlubbers are forced to use all of these tools to survive. Starting with a basic pistol, divers unlock progressively more potent guns and utility items by gathering and turning in treasure in an interface similar to Counter-Strike’s gear market. Having net guns and fully automatic firepower is nice, but the real key to diver gameplay is making good use of items like sonar beacons and concealed mines that grant an early warning of an approaching maneater and, potentially, blow it up before it gets a chance to take a bite out of anyone’s juicy abdomen.As the shark, I found myself in a dynamic cat-and-mouse game as the rounds progressed. Successful sharksmanship became a matter of knowing when to strike, using paranoia as a weapon, and getting the hell out of the line of fire with my supper before said supper’s friends could take revenge. As the sharks are always outnumbered and, thankfully for us dirt dwellers, still not immune to bullets, frontal assaults were almost always a one-way ticket to the Belly-Up Ball. As with any horror-movie aquatic menace, the less I was seen, the better. Performing swift passes by windows and cracks in the wall to distract the divers proved very effective, as did planning my attack vector on a straight line between two exits, with my target right in the middle.When playing for the edible team, I had to trade in my rows of razor-sharp teeth for a SCUBA mask and a more developed prefrontal cortex, which changed the atmosphere completely. I felt slow, exposed, and under-equipped as we escorted our treasure-hauling, mechanical companion S.T.E.V.E. through the oppressive, deep-sea environments. Moving methodically, I found I often had less than a second to react between seeing the first flash of fins and meeting my crunchy demise. Awareness and teamwork were my only insurance policies, and vision-enhancing items like chemlights and tracer rounds (which can stick to a shark and allow it to be tracked at a distance) proved to be the most crucial elements in my arsena"
,Recommended,274940,22649781,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Patrick,you need a very good pc to run...gtx or die
,Recommended,274940,22666072,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,David_Armstrong1988,Very nice game!
76561198170651646,Recommended,274940,22666864,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Satoshi God of Thieves,its a good game a little laggy at first bu overall the quality of the game is great
,Recommended,274940,22684673,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Jayslipp,"Come for the gold, stay for the diver buffet!seriously one of the best games on steam. the devs are always updating it, even to this day. the devs even play the game too. its just honestly a fun quirky game thats worth the time."
76561198013601295,Recommended,274940,22688078,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Twitch.FlameFranco✪,"Okay... i just bought this game for 5 euros, and it's ♥♥♥♥ing worth it.Seriously buy it, if you enjoy stalking your prey from above, giving other online players jumpscares and eat them up, picking your own race of sharks and upgrading perks - it's kinda like left4dead but just alot more fun.10/10 would give other online players a heartattack again"
76561198241852756,Recommended,274940,22695718,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,bigdisreallybig,"I love this game thus far.  Super fun to be the sharks, super freaky to be the divers!  This is why I have a fear of deep water!!!"
,Recommended,274940,22697313,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Arnie,"Seems like a well balanced game, easy to learn, hard to master mechanics and very entertaining gameplay. Absolute steal in sale. If you like pvp and a murky dark sea is appealing to you -> very recommended."
,Recommended,274940,22698589,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,dave,"Galeophobia, the fear of sharks. Despite having it I LOVE being a shark and ripping apart countless stupid divers. I guess its some kind of twisted deathwish fulfillment? I dunno..."
,Recommended,274940,22700962,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,saucemaster,"I just bought this game on sale ($6 is a steal, really) and after only a couple of hours, I am already hooked.Pros:- beautiful graphics and fluid animation- lots of mechanics at play- games take very little time to find- keeps you on your toes- delightfully quirky- perfect mix of action and horror, reflex and strategy- both teams are super fun- lots of huge mapsCons:- ticket system means if your team sucks, you will lose- the linear flow of the submarine could possibly become repedativeOver all, this game is WONDERFUL and is well worth the full price. If you're on the fence about it, buy it now while it's cheap! You won't regret it."
76561198073546034,Recommended,274940,22708944,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Hutz,"The fan thing in megalodon mode is the best thing in the game, wroom wrooom!"
,Recommended,274940,22714811,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Fonkin,"Alot of fun, heart  pumping all game long."
,Recommended,274940,22719660,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Gatzalf,Buy this game and you wont regret it.Since the price dropped  the playerbase got better.This game deserves way more players!Awesome game 8 / 10.
,Recommended,274940,22656733,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Flamboyant Douchebaggery,Eat your friends.  Spear your friends.  Collect loot and upgrade weapons.   Lan party fun!
