user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198008314322,Recommended,275100,14810378,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Aeon Amadi,"Like a survival horror with your emotions.The game's initial story doesn't quite prepare you for the stakes. You start the game being chased by wolves in a rudimentary hands-on tutorial on how the basic controls work, introduced to your cubs, and then you start the game off. It is very simulationist and sand-boxy, really setting the mood with beautiful graphics and dynamic scenary/environments despite it's very cartoonish approach.The thing is... You have to understand that this -is- a game where you -are- a Mother Lynx who is trying to protect her cubs and keep the family tree going. I'm not joking about that, there is a family tree in the main menu where you can keep track of your lineage and it's no solace that I almost lost a cub to starvation when I ventured the family off into an area that was completely bereft of food.Your cubs -will- die of starvation if you don't maintain them and they -will- die to predators. When they start to starve, they'll drop to the ground and not follow you anymore; you'll have to bring the food to them or bring them to the food by picking them up. Only deer will feed everyone at once, the rest of the wildlife will have to be split between one or two of the gang.Very quickly it becomes apparent that the adorable mewlings of your cubs as they roll around in the snow is the same hammer driven nail that aims right for the heart strings when one of them dies.This is where the game became a bit too much for me. In the single hour that I spent with these four little guys I became emotionally invested in them and even though I managed to get food for the little guy - saving him from starvation - the genuine worry that I experienced for one of the cubs starving was crippling. The thought of losing him was what drove me to stop playing the game, so once everyone had a decent meal and squared away I exited out.Do I recommend the game? Absolutely - but you'd better have stronger heart strings than I do.EDIT: After being convinced by some commenters, I saw fit to see through to the end of this little journey and raised those four little tikes to adulthood and finished the game. It was absolutely astounding for what it was."
76561198023518063,Recommended,275100,14846996,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Quantum Phantom,I am a man.Three of my four kittens died.This game made me cry.I called my mom that night and told her how thankful I was for everything she did for me.This game improved my relationship with my family.10/10
,Recommended,275100,17716245,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,(PG)Kardoc Ragefury,> Be mama lynx> Give birth to adorable baby lynxes> Hunt rodents to feed my babies> See random hawk circling me and my babies> Nowhere to run> Watch in terror as hawk swoops down and grabs one of my babies> Pounce on hawk just as it tries to fly away> Save baby> Feed the corpse of my enemy to my babies10/10 would be best mama lynx again
,Not Recommended,275100,14825476,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,MrBrongher,"This game seems like a labor of love, and from the reviews  a lot of people have thoroughly enjoyed it, so I hate to slam it. However, I want to make the review I wish I'd read before spending $13.49 on it.Full disclosure, I played it all the way through once. I used a controller. I never played Shelter 1.So, I thought that this would be some kind of immersive, animal simulator/survival game. I anticipated stalking various animals, pouncing on them, maybe carrying the food back to a den or caching it somewhere. I looked forward to being chased by wolves, maybe having a kill stolen by a bear, deciding if I should let a sickly kitten starve so that there would be more food for it's siblings, maybe having one of my kittens just straight up snatched by an eagle. I thought I might get to climb the odd tree, track or stalk prey, and getting alerts from awesome feline ears that something big was coming.Here's my experience: SPOILERS (such as they are) BELOW.The intro is you, a pregnant mother lynx being chased by wolves. This teaches you how to move, run and jump. I never once had to jump in the actual game, and maybe I missed something. You get away and find a cave and make 4 babies. I think you can rename them (6 character max) but I just took the default names. I didn't remember any of them, and if there was a way to access them during the game I didn't find it. I didn't look because I didn't see a need.You run around and catch animals by running into them. You don't swipe, or pounce, just ram em while they run and veer. I say animals, but all I ever saw besides those intro wolves were rabbits and something small. Voles? Mice? Whatever. There's the odd bird, but they don't land. Maybe you can jump and catch a low flying one, I didn't try. The rabbits were what fed my family. The intro didn't teach me that there is an energy circle you use while running. Standing or walking recharges it half way. If you eat, then you can completely fill it, but you don't need it, so my mommy lynx fasted for the last half of the game. You feed your kittens in the den a few times and then they're big enough to follow you. Which is a pain if the rabbit you're chasing does a 180 and suddenly you can't tell it apart from the 4 kittens who are also behind you.There is a scent button, which opens up this game's version of eagle sight/ wraith vision/ scan mode. The smell screen paints nearby animals in red, and has some symbols which are in no way explained. The tree is your den, and the cat one is one of your kits. The others? I dunno.Early on one of my kittens starved. The only way I could tell who was eating more was who was slightly bigger. Eventually the hungry ones stop moving and if you can catch food and bring it to them in time, all better. If not they're gone. The only way to try to direct the food is to pick up the ones you don't want to eat and move them away from the food.This whole game made me feel like I was missing something, so I started heading in the direction of a symbol with 3 trees, thinking maybe I could find a deer, or get eaten by a bear. No such luck. It was a woodsier environment than the hill where the den was. I found no food, it was a long ways off, another kitten starved. From then on I stayed within sight of the den. Not that I or the kits ever had to sleep or take Shelter, there were just a lot of rabbits on that hill. You feed the kits, they get a bit bigger and begin occasionally catching their own voles to eat once in a while. Autumn, comes, you're told that seclusion calls to the cubs. They weren't interested in the last rabbit I caught them, then they ran away. Good riddance.There are things that you can collect after you or you cubs have eaten, I don't know what they did. There are random collectibles - I do not care. It's bad enough when an assassin is collecting feathers, I am not going to play as a lynx looking for them, especially when that takes time away from feeding my kittens, which is the point here, I thought.That's about it. You can play as one of the kits in a new game where they're the mother now, but I don't see why I should. Two hours of chasing rabbits. Thanks.I've seen a lot of reviews with people saying how invested they are in the game, but I honestly think that's what the player brought to the experience, not anything the game does. It's an atmospheric, idyllic game with no dialogue, so if you're seriously into role playing I can see why you'd love this. Like playing a Skyrim character and making him a vegan sworn never to use a blade. If you want to, it's there, but the game doesn't notice or care. If that's what you like then I do recommend this game. If not, pass.Update: Read many more reviews and watched some videos, and decided to play again to see what I'd missed.- As soon as the kittens were big enough we set out on a non-stop wander. Specifics will follow, but here's one of my main complaints. This game has two features that I see other reviewers raving about: Your attachment to the kittens, and the beautiful relaxing exploration. I find these two to be completely at odds with each other. If you're attached to the kits then why not just stay put near your den where there are many rabbits and no hazards and feed them non-stop. The main danger in the game is starvation for them, and that always seemed to happen when I was wandering through places with no food. The exploration wasn't remotely relaxing, it was stressful. The feeding mechanic is just a timer to death that can be postponed but never turned off until the cubs leave and the game ends. Again - how is that relaxing?So what specifically did I miss on my 1st playthrough?-I did name the kittens this time. Bronx, Hudson, BK and Lex. I forgot which was which very quickly. My attachment to them did not differ.-You can make sure the smallest kitten eats first by dropping the food directly in front of it.- We found and ate frogs. We found a nest on the ground and shook another out of a tree. Ate the eggs. I startled some deer, a fawn ran into me, I caught it, the kittens feasted. Okay.- We drank at various water sources. Seriously? I completely missed this in my first playthrough. You don't have to drink at all? Plus, it constantly looks like you and the kittens are drowning yourselves. Your entire  head, or entire kitten is underwater. It's just poorly animated though, you'll be fine. Except for the time I slipped down a slope into water. Then the screen went black, I woke up on the bank. I assume time passed and my kittens got hungrier.- You walk towards the 3 tree symbol to get to the woods. You walk towards the snowflake symbol to reach Snow Land.I didn't see the wolves again, but then, I'm not really sorry about that. Am I supposed to lead my kittens to the wolves? Is that the relaxing exploration?I also didn't mention that the smell function lasts about 4 seconds. Smell mode might make hunting better, and would definitely help when chasing white rabbits on snow.I didn't explicitly point out that you at no time actually have to reach ""Shelter"" in this game, past the intro. Someone will chime in to say that you have to jump on top of a rock to get away from the wolves, but I wouldn't call that shelter, it's a hiding place.I also think that if I knew less about animals this might be more fun. As someone in the comments mentioned, this is not how lynx hunt. I might add that wolves are not actually bad jumpers themselves. Although it is true that many lynx kittens starve to death, there are other dangers to them besides one pack of wolves. Going in I certainly thought that at least at the beginning I'd be feeding myself and nursing the kittens. Because, you know, mammals?If it wasn't clear, I still think this game was a big let down. If I seem venomous it's only because I feel deceived by all the positive reviews."
,Recommended,275100,14835369,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Mankai,"10/10 i cried. and i never cry. on my first go, i managed to make sure all of the babies grew up, even saved them from this weird black mass that came in from the ocean, still no idea what the hell that was, anyway, when it came time to separate and i watched them leave i was ready to burst. it wasnt until the credits rolled that i lost it. thank you might and delight."
76561198320614665,Recommended,275100,32134497,Posted: 2 June,all,Broccoli,"If you're looking for something which will break your heart whilst simultaneously making you say 'awh' out loud, this is your game. Shelter 2's art style is unique and more than satisfying. At times, it can be calming, making it the ideal game to pass time with. At other times, you'll find yourself screaming 'where are my babies?!'.A problem with Shelter 2 is that it can become quite repetitive, despite being very engaging. Because of this, I'd suggest only buying it if you're 100% sure that the heartbreak of losing your cubs is worth it.Overall, Shelter 2 is a reasonably entertaining survival game; I just wish there was more to it."
,Recommended,275100,14816144,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,BornIdiotic,"Killing rabbits may get mundane, but nothing beats the thrill of taking down your first deer.I rushed to tell my roommate how I just murdered a deer with my face.He told me ""Good job, I'm proud of you."" with a tone of fear and confusion.The cubs are cute, so cute I dubbed them ""The Cutenesses"" as a whole.Naming them made me get attached instantly, which when I lost one made the ripping of my heart out even more severe!RIP Slugor 2015-2015Edit: I suck a splelling! :D"
,Recommended,275100,17654387,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,nipple fedora,you know you are far too obsessed with this game when you grow emotionally attached to your cubs and die inside when they either die or leave.
,Recommended,275100,14963473,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Nintendy,Started the game up.Saw the baby lynx'sCouldn't take the feeling that i could lose them.Quit game.Feels/10
,Recommended,275100,31728202,Posted: 13 May,all,XØLIA,"Shelter 2...I'll be honest, I was a bit hesitant to play this at first. Mostly because I was scrolling through some of the reviews and the few ""Not reccomended"" ones I saw put me off. A few people complained how repetitive the game was. Some that it was boring. The one that got to me most is that there was a review that said something along the lines of ""the developers clearly didn't do any research on wolf behavior. A lone wolf I can understand, but why would a wolf pack? Wolves would much rather hunt down an elk, or other hooved animal. Predators don't hunt each other.""I love wolves with an overwhelming passion. Reading that review made me feel slightly bitter about the game, because what they said was true. Wolves don't tend to hunt other predators. They hunt down large hooved animals like elk, and pick out the weak or old members of the herd.However what I failed to realize is that I can't keep looking at other people's opions of the game and build my own on those. I had to play the game myself, and I reccomend you do the same thing. There could be a game that everyone hates, and you could be the only one that likes it.The actual game consists of a mother lynx's struggle for survival to keep her four cubs alive. The game throws many different problems at you, like wolves, pup starvation, prey disapearing...And at the end of it all, after all your efforts to keep at least ONE of these cubs alive; you chase them off. It's time for them to go and raise their own family.On your way home, the loading screen shows the mother lyxn without her cubs. It's just her now.I think the game is meant to representthe strange mothers, especially animal mothers, go through to keep their children alive. Playing this the first time was an emotional roller coaster for me. From when I lost all but one cub, to the when I had to lead the mother lynx back to her den.I'm very gratful I put aside any bias I had toward the game from the reviews, and played it myself to form my own opinion on it.I don't nessesarily reccomdend this game if you don't particularlly like repetitive games, or aren't really interested in the hidden emotional meaning to games.But if you do choose to play this; bring tissues. It's going to be a wild ride.I think I'm currently on my fifth or sixth generation on the family tree. <3"
76561198009729707,Recommended,275100,14826474,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Blair The Very Magical Cat,I'm male and now i want to be a mother.
76561198061128041,Not Recommended,275100,23214511,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,KrimsonVagus,"I have not played the first game in the series, but I can see why there is so much praise for them.Pros:1- Charming and unique graphics. The art is gorgeous.2- Atmospheric music that perfectly conveys the mood and warns of danger. Music is AMAZING3- Collectibles and family tree adding a sense of progression4- Large world for plenty of exploration5- Kitties! Yes people love kitties. And you get to be their mum. The perfect concept to establish emotional bonds for the player.Cons: (take a deep breath)1- Some of the most cryptic instructions I have ever seen in a video game. You have to guess from the medley of symbols and one word descriptions how to survive with 4 mouths to feed (5 including your own) and find shelter. You also need to discover everything through trial and error. Some people might like this, but if you prefer clear instructions and statistics like I do, you will absolutely hate this game. Period.2- The terrain is beautiful... but it is functionally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Seriously, if you thought you could jump and climb on rocks and cliffs like in other games, NO. You can only jump in ""designated jumping areas"". Some places are unreachable by jumping because the smooth sloping cliffs were not programmed for standing on them. It immediately breaks my immersion. I couldn't give 2 ♥♥♥♥♥ about ""feeding kittens"" if rough boulders are too slippery to climb on at the height of summer.3- Realism? Forget about it! The game is supposed to portray the life and struggle of a lynx family, but you can't climb up most slopes, and if you walk 2 steps too deep into water, you drown and you get revived in a different season. WTF. Seriously, what just happened?! In the real world, Lynxes are actually some of the best swimmers among felines!But the game decides ""Nope, water = instant death + time travel forward"". How could I have guessed that? Is this a bug?4- Arbitrary disappearance: I understand ""survival"" and ""random events"". But if you turn around for 30 seconds, one of your kits will magically disappear! No predators. No hawks. No pitfalls. No hunter traps. No land mines. No alien abduction. One minute it was healthy and walking, suddenly your healthiest kitten is gone without a trace and without any warning sound cues.The game arbitrarily decided that one of your kits MUST GO, with no explanation whatsoever. I seriously could not tell if this was a bug or if there are invisible enemies in the game. WHY DID THE KITTEN DISAPPEAR? No clear explanation. Next!5- When I kill a hawk (or eagle or whatever), is there any reason why I can't eat his body or feed him to my kittens? I killed the ♥♥♥♥er fair and square when he tried to steal my kits, so why can't I eat him like normal carnivores do when they are STARVING? Hell, when you use your ""sense"" thing his corpse is actually highlighted in red, but you can't  do anything with his body. Maybe I had to unlock a special skill to eat hawks? If so, WHY? He's fresh meat, and I'm a carnivore!Once again, these arbitrary ""game survival rules"" immediately break my immersion.6- Survival stats ABSENT: In normal mode, I have no idea if I am supposed to feed myrself to survive, or just to maximize my ""stamina"". There are no health bars (or any indicators for that matter).Your kits need food constantly, like seriously these little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s eat more meat than a Primal Zerg on steroids. And yet there is no clear visual indicator of their health or status. The only thing they do when they're exhausted is lie down and start mewing at you. That's it. How am I supposed to prioritize which of them to feed? A mother lynx would be able to tell who is the weakest of her litter so she can feed that bugger before he collapses and becomes unable to move. But here, you can't tell jack!7- Your senses suck: Yes, when you click the right mouse button, you can see all relevant objects. But god forbid if you can see your kittens clearly. The symbols for ""kitten"" are so floaty and disappear quickly when you get 6 feet close to them, I actually struggled to find them after returning from a hunt because their colors blend in with the terrain. Is it too much to ask to add some contrast to their colors so I can CLEARLY SEE where they are? Or how about a blue outline around your kittens when using your sense?8- Left click to drop prey + right click to tell your kittens to go away + left click again to eat the food yourself.Can't you just ""Press E to interact with object"" instead of this nonsense? Did you have to be ""special"" instead of doing things like normal games do? Why did you make it so that the left mouse button is the button that does everything?How about ""Left click to pick up/drop object"" ""Press E to eat object"" ""Press Q to summon/dismiss your kittens""? Simple and straighforward!I could say more...Long story short, this game is the perfect college art project, and the perfect game for artsy hipster type players who prefer abstract conceptual demonstration over gameplay and content. I'm just telling it like it is.Great concept and style. Mediocre gameplay execution. Even people who liked it played it for maximum 15 hours and got bored with it (check the positive reviews for reference)5/10"
,Not Recommended,275100,19855579,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Peachie,"Had this game on my radar for a while now.  Considering it was on sale I thought now would be a good time to buy it.Sadly, the game is lackluster and way too simple.Pros:Absolutely beautiful art style.You can start a family as one of your grown kits.Fitting music. Though sometimes it would abruptly stop in a very weird way.For those who like collectibles, there are plenty.Cons:Camera can be annoying.Gets boring quickly as the only thing to do is feed your kits.To hunt animals all you do is smash your face into them.Can't do anything to defend your family except run/hide.The game gives you no reason to leave the starting area other than collectibles.  With plenty of rabbits there, and from what I've seen, no predators, it's the perfect spot.In other reviews people say they're very attached to their kits, but I don't know how.  I'm a very devout cat lover, but the cats in game don't have any emotions or personality.  You can't interact with them in any way except feeding.  I would've loved to see a way to play with them, teach them to hunt, fight, etc. but there is none of that.  You'd be better off playing Wolf's Quest."
,Recommended,275100,15718289,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,ᴘɪғғʏ {ᴀ|ᴋ|ғ},"I can't really describe my experience with Shelter 2.This game is heart wrenching but entirely amazing, and I really can't put into words how much I love this game.Might & Delight have really outdone themselves.It is well worth $15.Everyone should have a chance to play this incredible game.100% recommended.-Newt"
,Not Recommended,275100,32431393,Posted: 15 June,all,Metaknight,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU ENJOYED SHELTER 1I really loved Shelter 1 and was happy to play Shelter 2. I even pre-ordered the game which is a rare thing for me to do!Shelter 2 wants to give you, the player, freedom. The game wants you to experience how it feels to protect your little innocent children and how harsh nature can be. It really is emotional to see your little cubs grow up and to help them survive. And you can't do anything but to cry if one of your beloved little cubs is dying right before your eyes. The game really did a good job with the emotional part and I really enjoyed to play as a new animal (lynx) compared to Shelter 1.Why can't I recommend the game though?Shelter 1 was all about experiencing the wildlife, the nature, the ups and downs of being a mother.The game challenged you to survivethe burning forestand you always needed to make sure if your cubs have enough food. You had to run from enemies which wanted to kill your children and eventually you completed your mission.Shelter 2 WANTS to give you the same experience. It simply can't because they decided to create an open world game.Open world games give the player freedom but they are not good to tell a story.Instead they just let you do whatever you want. So basically Shelter 2 was just running around in the forest and find something to eat.Every few minutes a little text would appear on the screen and tell you some deep philosophical thoughts. After the text fades your cubs are grown a bit and you start to search for food again. Repeat that process for like 4 or 5 times and the game is over because your cubs are fully grown up.If you are not interested in completing all the achivements you won't spent much time in this game. As you can see I played Shelter 2 for almost three hours and completed the main story in that time.TL;DRIf you liked Shelter 1 because you experienced wildlife and because the game put you under pressure than I doubt you are going to like Shelter 2. However if you just search for another game where you can take care of some sweet little animals than go ahead and buy it.If you haven't played Shelter 1 yet and you think about buying part two, I would highly recommend to go and buy Shelter 1 first."
76561198063286021,Recommended,275100,14810628,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Nayuki,I am on my second playthrough of this game and am finding it very fun and enjoyable. When you see your babies grown up and prepairing to venture out on their own you feel a mixture of pride and sadness but it is all worth it. I would give this game a 10 out of 10 if it had a number rating system. Well done Might and Delight!Also I wanted to point out that yes this game doesnt have much direction to it and is very open and gives a lot of freedom beyond caring for your babies but to me that is part of the charm. It allows my imagination to flow freely and make up a story in my mind to go with each new playthrough and with the family tree feature make a whole family background and connected story.To me that this game can get my imagination going so I can create a story with it makes it extremely fun and worth every penny.
,Recommended,275100,19955099,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Treyman-XIII,Perfect game if you want to reassert your fears of being responsible for another life
,Recommended,275100,30047702,Posted: 19 February,all,Cephei Valarion,"Wait what I haven't reviewed this yet?!Let's begin with pros and cons.Pros-Replayable.-You get to be a majestic carnivore-Little threats to your species as an adult or juvenile-It can be challenging, or it can be easy depending on what gamemode you choose-DLC is for once god damn worth it!-Kittens.. They are too cute-Takes time to get the hang of, but once you do your family will never be at risk of anything.  (I only lost one kitten in all eight generations i've had on THIS pc)-About two hours of gameplay per-generation if you do not want to stick around and explore after completing the story-Just play the damn game already its worth the money-You still haven't played it yet?-Amazing graphic choice, don't cry about a games ""low graphics"" when it is clearly its artstyleCons-You can easily be caught off guard, don't go astray in tundra without a backup plan or until the wolves have left-Birds can lead you into a grizzily bear-Foxes do not always leave when the scripted requirments are met-Sometimes the game will glitch, no animation rabbits, getting stuck when trying to jump up ledges, everything else however you will need to glitch hunt to find your out of boundry heavens!-This may be a pro as well, but it can also be a con, once you get used enough to the game you have little threats to worry about-Not for the impatient or people who are♥♥♥♥♥♥at using a mouse and keyboard at the same time-Sometimes in the DLC, an eagle will grab a kitten but fly into a rock making it impossible to save.  As a glitcher who enjoys to break game clipping boundrys however, this isn't a problem for me to deal with.  But it will be one for you if you like being near ledges TOO much without being a glitcher-You might need to get used to the imagery of symbols to learn what texture is what, people have given negitive game reviews on this from crying about rocks being bushes when you can clearly tell a difference"
76561198055651066,Recommended,275100,26232578,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Thundertiki,"On my first playthrough i lost one cub to starvation and cried for two days. Other than that, fantastic game.10/10"
,Recommended,275100,14819574,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,pidove,"Shelter was an amazing game and there were no doubts in my mind that Shelter 2 would be as well. Years and years I waited for a game that fit the bill that Shelter 2 fills and I couldn't be more thrilled with the game!Shelter 2 is a survival game where you raise 4 Lynx cubs to adulthood. You face starvation and predators in your effort to maintain your family tree. Your cubs follow you around once they're strong enough and will be of little to no help to you or themselves until they're almost grown up meaning you have to hunt their food down and feed them else they'll starve. Luckily, most prey in the game (with the exception of mice) will feed at least 2 of your cubs and they spread out in a fan pattern when you hold prey, making it easy to choose who you feed. Once they're old enough, sometimes they'll catch prey of their own; some are more ambitious than others. :)The one complaint I had for the first Shelter is that there was almost no way to 'fail' in terms of feeding your kiddies unless you stood there and purposely made little Timmy starve. This installment definitely raises the stakes and makes things much more difficult; I've observed less food in the winters compared to the other seasons (namely spring, when rabbits are overflowing) and it definitely keeps you on your toes. Better yet, in Shelter 2, mama lynx needs to eat, too! The circle in the lower-left part of the screen indicates her 'stamina'. Her stamina fills up when she stops running but it will hit a 'stop' after a bit; in order to fully fill the circle, she must eat. I really enjoyed this realistic addition, it certainly adds a bit more challenge to juggling feeding schedules!I'm on playthrough #5 on my family tree and I intend to keep it going! The biggest plus for me (because I have always liked this sort of thing!) is the fact that each of your cubs - like the badger cubs in Shelter - have different coat colors/patterns! The patterns differ from cub to cub (I have had one white cub who had 'crow feet' patterning all over her, whereas one had a simple yet delicate and endearing floral/petal pattern on her) and when you choose which of your cubs to play in the next generation at the end of playthrough, you keep that cub's looks! :) To me, this was a huge plus because I've always wanted a game that did this but most used a cookie-cutter animal/character that looked exactly like the original one even when the baby vastly differed. It gives each playthrough a touch of individuality and got me more connected to each set of cubs. (What? I didn't play favorites, nope. Totally not)The graphics in Shelter 2 are very similar to Shelter's and they're absolutely gorgeous! The colors are a lot better this time in my opinion, actually! My laptop can't handle the higher settings but even while running 'Low' I find the scenery gorgeous and it did not disappoint! Night time has been greatly improved from the first Shelter and the controls overall are easier to use, at least for me.Overall, I would and will recommend this game to gamers I know, it is definitely worth the money - it is a wonderful, albeit emotionally impacting, gaming experience!*** Pros ***- No designated 'go from A to B' as was seen in Shelter, you may roam where you please- Game presents a decent amount of challenges to keep things interesting- A lot of re-play potential!- Collection system where you gather certain things in the world around you- Beautiful storybook-style graphics- There is a bit of a narrative to the game this time around, giving us a little more story!- Family Tree makes it more motivating to keep all your cubs alive and is fuel for another playthrough- Beautiful music! It is very atmospheric and it really immersed me in the game, adding to the mood!- ... You're a lynx and you get to run around and kill deer/rabbits and you have cute cubs. I think this is a 'pro' all on its own.*** Cons ***- Some computers might find it difficult to run Shelter 2 (I used a general laptop and experienced a lot of overheating/FPS inhibiting, but nothing a quick game restart didn't resolve)- There are some small glitches (at the time of posting this) with starving cubs; some of mine refused to take food when starving and thus died- This is not a game for the faint of heart; if you get very emotionally invested/death of children and/or similar material does bother you greatly, Shelter 2 may prove difficult to play/enjoy as it is a survival game!- I discovered in the game that the 2nd part of the map you access (with the lake) is pretty much the best place to stay; I love the addition of more map sections but I do think the game could have used something to force/urge players to explore the other map sections/use them (There are deer - perhaps migratory patterns for those would have been a good idea!).That's pretty much all I can think of right now, but I've spent most of my day playing it and I've been eagerly anticipating it since I discovered it when I found Shelter! I am very happy with this game and I definitely don't regret buying it! I think everyone should give this game a go, it's worth it!"
,Recommended,275100,14810813,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,D'brickshaw,"My god this game. This is truly an emotional game wich almost brought me to tears believe it or not, Shelter 2 really shows you how it feels to live in the animal kingdom and raise cubs. Life gives, and life takes."
,Recommended,275100,24788330,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,pookie,"I love all games animal related, unfortunately I am usually disappointed by these types of games. However, Shelter 2 exceeded my expectations. The graphics are so beautifully unique. The developers went above and beyond to ensure that animal lovers everywhere would enjoy this game. From the family tree feature down to the details put towards the movement of the actual cat itself, this game is arguably one of the best animal survival type games I've ever played. Highly recommend :)> i cried for an hour after one of my babies died> im no longer emotionally stable> 10/10 would do it again"
76561198255422262,Recommended,275100,32230752,Posted: 6 June,all,YouAgainXD,"This game brought me to tears the first time I played it - and then I went and played it again, and again. I honestly love this game. It is so cute and adorable and heartbreaking. I would recomend it to everyone!"
,Recommended,275100,19494207,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Shelby Fuckin Jacobson,"I liked this game, and am excited to get the dlc. Definately worth the money, Each generation a different experience. You get good at hunting, and explore more. Not a one run game at all. I recommend at least three play throughs!"
,Not Recommended,275100,28398406,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Dravvad,"The first Shelter game was definitely not a bad game, though it had some flaws and left me on the borderline of Yes/No. As I said in that review, I wish there was a middle ground choice in some way for Steam.This sequel, however, leaves me confident with the No response. I felt more attached to the badgers in the first game, and even though I complained that the first Shelter didn't really have longevity, I don't believe that this game does either. Even though the developers added the capability to play it for an arbitrary amount of time, the gameplay does not work with that.There does seem to be a good amount of people who enjoy playing this game over and over, but for me, calling it ""minimalist"" is an understatement. You start off the game with 4 cubs, and literally must play for a couple of hours feeding them in the same overall map area, with almost no unique events occurring, along with predators almost not existing (unless you buy DLC which really shouldn't have been DLC).The default game just has wolves which are set in a specific zone of the map. Besides that, the rest of the game is hunting rabbits, vole, and deer, for the most part. The repetitiveness is actually quite crazy. I was more satisfied picking fruits and vegetables and hunting foxes in the first game, because at least there was a general progression into the new areas, albeit short-lived.This game, the progression is literally the time - how long do you want to run in circles, catching rabbits and deer?The cubs will grow, and you can ""finish"" the game within 2 hours or so. But that's all the game is. You can technically continue the game as one of your cubs, as many people say, and there's an achievement for surviving 5 generations, for instance. But nothing new is added to the game at any point. It's running around and hunting the exact same animals, performing the exact same actions.Boring is the single word I can say to this game, which I never would say about the first game.The only other things that exist are collectibles, which are literally generic branches and leaves and flowers that the developers decided to drop around the map, as if they think it adds to the playability of the game.This game is easily one of the most disappointed games I've played recently."
,Recommended,275100,23151251,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,GoodHareDay,"The Feel Simulator.I fell in love with the first Shelter game, Music, art style and story  is unique. However, I made the right decision to buy Shelter 2 when it was on discount because I got far less gameplay experience from it compared to Shelter. Seasons go by too quickly. I never made it to tundra before it was time to say goodbye to my cubs. In fact, I managed to do very little exploring at all due to how quickly seasons passed. I like the idea of more of an open world versus Shelter's levels, but it was still way too fast-pased for my taste.I also encountered few audio bugs when suddenly my audio completely disappeared. Controls are also a bit hard, camera doesn't follow as well as I'd like it to and sometimes turning is very painful. I was hoping to get more of a lynx family experience, although having my teenage cubs hunting on their own was more than enjoyable.I was genuinely shocked after I first time played it and completed it so quickly. I really hoped it would have more to play in it. In the end, I really love it but to me it didn't seem to be a complete game."
,Recommended,275100,24602886,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Mothoween,cool game hack:1. start the game2. play the first 20 minutes3. close out of the game4. NEVER PLAY AGAIN SO YOUR BEAUTIFUL LYNX BABIES WILL NEVER DIE
76561198066992495,Recommended,275100,15107731,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,EvilKitty3,"Beautiful game from start to end. A sweet basic animal survival simulator as a mother Lynx and definitely a improvement from the first game. If they ever make a third Shelter id buy it as well (online multiplayer would be a huge plus). Its a perfect game for animal and nature lovers with big open world to roam as much you like. I really like that it plays out like a story book. The gameplay is made pretty simple, not like dont starve advanced but still works perfectly.The game allows you to go on also when not having cubs which is also neat as you can roam the place but it gets rather quickly boring as there is no new challenge or much to do than start a new family tree with another 4 cubs. Young gamers will definitely love this game to fool around and do small roleplaying.Now when i made my first two playtroughs i guess i was lucky to not meet the wolves. I wish there was more than a small hill as safe zone againts them.Perhaps more shelters than the one at the begining would be great as gamers may have other favorite spots to hang out and would love to have some cave/nest around those areas.Animals like foxes,eagles and badgers didnt make it into shelter 2 from previous game which was a dissapointment.Also sneaking trough taller grass doesnt has any camoflage effect like in first game allowing you to get even more near the prey. Perhaps it isnt necessary detail as you can still catch the prey but its always neat when the prey will never know what hit it.Deers are my favorite to hunt but i think the game could had easylie add at least a single buck in each herd, you just put antlers on that thing to give them some bigger variation.The game could had also allowed sneaking up even closer to the prey when aproaching it from behind. The distance at which the prey starts to run seems to be always random.Lightning could had make temporaly fires like in first game.Snow storms, night times and mists could had been another added sweet detail to the environment.Collectables dont seem to be rewarding, it could at least unlock concept art depending on the amount of collected items.Map also could show more where the player is aiming and pinpoint safe zones to quickly escape wolves.These are just some thoughts i think tht could improve the game even more. The game is very lovely and definitelly worth to support"
76561197981184432,Recommended,275100,26276220,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,RaVVen,"To start with amazing game! Short but amazing, really left a footprint in my heart.I see a lot of people talking about that all their cubs died or straved and im stading here like what?I didn't even know they could die, haha. I just kept feeding them, still I was holding an eye on their growth. If one cub looked tinier, I feed that cub more vice versa.I didn't rest much, kept moving(Maybe thats why I never saw any predetors.)Suddenly they were teenagers, they sarted hunting for me. Haha, that was nice for a change.Then adulthood and spring came, and they all left me(Yes I cried when they ran off)Beautiful from start till ending!"
76561198129462695,Recommended,275100,14903379,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,ＭaＬＥ ＦaＮＴＡＳＹ,Such a simple game...yet so..emotional...its..perfection...one of my cubs died from starvation....I bursted into tears ;-;
,Recommended,275100,32338865,Posted: 11 June,all,Akiko Tsukimi,My first baby burst into flames.
76561198248986558,Recommended,275100,22330395,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,JesseFromMCSM,"This game has good graphics, yes. but do good graphics make a good game? No.So that's not why this is a great game.Let me tell you a story:Mother Lynx ran for her life; wolves were on her scent. She escaped, barely. She was then led by the stars to her new home, where she gave birth to four adorable babies: Fur, Kit, Kudvu, and Flippy. She caught three bunnies for them and they started follow her. Inna could not be more proud of her babies. She killed bunnies and fed her babies. She kept close to the tree, ready for whatever was coming. Then night came. The darkness came. Inna froze for a split second as she saw a large brown blob flow from the mountains and towards her and her children. She didn't know what it was; but she knew it was not getting her babies. She grabbed one in her mouth, then turned and bolted, leaving the other three to run after her. She reached the tree quickly, and walked to the front of her den, dropping the baby in her mouth. The other three came over, yowling with annoyance. Inna remained quiet, watching the blob that was no longer moving. Sniffing, she realized no animals were nearby. She started telling the blob to go away. She then watched in satisfaction as it drained away. Seasons went past, and then that faetful day came. She killed two rabits and walked over to them with her children. They all stared at her. A sinking feeling rose in her chest as she read the exporessions of her babies. She sighed, but not in sorrow. She was ready for them to go. Nudging each of them with her nose, she said farewell and watched them run off. She walked back to her home, and fell asleep. She woke up and the stars guided her to a strange area. Something was there. Inna crouched, ready to fight. She crept closer, and then she saw who it was. Kudvu! Her sweet Kudvu! Inna walked over to her baby, overjoyed. The two walked off, Kudvu ready to protect his mother until she died.That was my ffirst playthrough. After, I played as Flippy, who had Navi, Kiwi, Ezra, and someone else that I can't remember. Like before, they all lived. Then I played as Navi, who had Sparta, Vivani, Icicle, and Paw. They all lived.The game is fun to play and in the end, some people are upset when their babies leave, others were ready for them to go after 20 minutes and were glad to no longer have to worry about them. You feel a sense of pride as you watch them walk away, calling out helpful and supportive things. And in the end, you smile. Killing rabits isn't mundane. And you can laugh as you say ""You see that kids? Mommy just killed a rabit with her face!"" And smile. I really want to have a fox shelter 3. Though if my babies died, I'd die. FOXES ARE AWESOME.The shelter is the safest place. I'd go out a bit for bunnies, kill a bunch, then decide to head back to the tree for safety. When that glob of doom first came when I played, I was screaming ""WHAT THE HECK IS THAT?! WHAT DA HECK IS THAT!? RUN! RUNN!! WHAT DA HECK!?"" And running. It was a real sense of danger, as you didn't know what the threat really was, but you knew you couldn't let it get too close or bye-bye baby.That was the only disacter i'VE encountered. People report wildfires, wolves, and eagle attacks. I've never seen them. Stacyplay's roleplay showed me the wolves, and that was why I stayed near the den. The den is like a barrier. The mudslides don't get near it, eagles never swoop down and take your kids, wolves don't come near, and fires don't come closer. I assume. I only am sure about the mudslide thing.People have complained about how this isn't true to life; that you fight every second. Would people still enjoy the game if it WAS like that? Would you enjoy fighting for 5 deefnseless cubs every second, all the while hunting and kill to feed them, and having to fight WHILE feeding them? I wouldn't buy this game if it was like that. I'd hate it.Luckily, this game doesn't have all tbat. The game's graphics don't make it too gory, and luckily your little kittens are so cute you don't care that you're slaughtering bunnies for about 2 hours. ^^This was a good game, even though I don't play it often."
,Recommended,275100,30383770,Posted: 7 March,all,Hatless,"I'd like to say that I don't get why everyone gets so emotional when a cub dies.I'd like to say that I don't feel any pity for a ""dying"" ball of polygons.I'd like to say that I didn't immediately feel future pain as soon as I saw I had to name the cubs.I'd like to say I didn't immediately restart my game when one of them died.But dangit I did.I'll be straight here, this isn't a $15 game. The only reason I got it was because it was on sale for $2.54. but that is CERTAINLY not to say that it is bad. For $2, buy it. If you don't like it, oh well.This sort of game isn't my thing. I like quick paced games with clever dialogue. This is a slow paced game with no dialogue. But there's something about it that is so charming and I'm not quite sure what it is. There's very little instruction, you're simply told how to run and jump and then you're thrust into the world as a new mother with 4 hungry kittens. Venture out and figure out how to catch a rabbit. Nice. Easy. Bring it back to your kits and they eat it. Nice. Easy. Then catch another rabbit. Then catch another. What's this? The kittens are leaving the den and following me into the predator filled open world where they can die?Oh no.It's simple enough, catch a rabbit, feed it to two of your kits, catch another and feed it to the other two. Panic at every change in music. Was that the cue that a rabbit is nearby or is the field flash flooding? Whoops, no time to worry about that, one of your kits has collapsed in hunger and you need to carry it with you until you find food. Don't take too long or it dies. When you run off to catch the rabbit you saw and save your starving kitten, make sure you don't lose it. The kits can blend in with the ground or may have just up and died already.Oh no.It's one of those frustratingly addictive games. I hate how panicky it makes me and I'm confused and I don't know what I'm doing but I played it for over an hour and a half straight before I realized I'd bought a $2.54 serious problem.TLDR: It's good, might not be your cup of tea. If it's on sale for cheap, just get it if you even feel slightly interested. If it's full price, that's your decision."
,Recommended,275100,26239014,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Xylodrin,"an unnerving, traumatizing experience about motherhood and a lynx's journey through parenthood. Brilliant art direction, very stylized. mechanics work decently well."
76561198079119183,Not Recommended,275100,25222061,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Krevver,"Shelter 2 is gorgeous, expansive, and ultimately a collecting simulator that lasts about an hour and a half before the credits roll. This is more of an art project than a game.I want to like this. I really, really want to. But it upsets me more than anything that the gameplay is so bare-bones. The game boils down to this: feeding your cubs until they grow up and leave. You can meow at them and they meow back, hunting is simply running at prey and intersecting its path, mother Lynx doesn't even need to eat at all, there is no need or drive to leave the starting area and, in fact, you have a better chance getting your cubs to adulthood if you don't. Even with the addition of the Mountains DLC, predators pose no real threat. The lightning is more threatening than the eagles and foxes.My best advice is to consider the kind of game you want. If you love collecting (and I mean hundreds and hundreds of items) and looking at pretty scenery and feeling bored, you're better off buying No Man's Sky - at least it comes with a spaceship."
76561198261409988,Recommended,275100,23657942,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Dr. Phibes,"Probably one of the best games I've ever played. There is so much to it.Pros:-There is A LOT to discover.-Adorable lynx cubs.-The game take 2-3 hours to complete.-Many ways for your lynx cubs to die (most of them come from the mountains DLC).-The music gives you goosebumps.Cons:-Constant fight with the camera (it's best to use a controller).-Too easy, even on survival mode.-Not too many ways for your lynx cubs to die if you don't have the mountains DLC.-When you right click you see different symbols. The game doesn't really tell you what they represent. You're supposed to explore.-Constantly getting stuck from jumping from the rocks.-Nighttime only happens twice. In the beginning and in the end. But of course the seasons change.-There's nothing interesting to do. You feed your cubs for 2 hours and 'explore'.---------------------------------------------------------My play through:Wolves caught my scent and I need to escape them. The intro is incredibly slow. Mother lynx cannot run fast from the wolves, but thankfully, the wolves are slow. I manage to escape them with a nonlogical jump. I give birth to 4 adorable cubs. I decide not to name them because I'll forget their names anyway.Next, I am supposed to get 3 rabbits for the cubs. All 4 cubs are able to share the 3 bunnies. Once they are able to follow me, only 2 can share one bunny. This part of the game is a pain because you have to CONSTANTLY feed them, otherwise your cubs die. This part of the play through lasts about 2 hours.I got bored of staying in the same area. I decided to go to the symbol that represents a forest. In the forest, I find deer by the river! Make sure to eat a rabbit before you go ahead and catch a deer. They're quick. As far as I know, it's the only animal you have to jump on to kill.I head to the symbol that represents a snowflake. I end up in the tundra. In that area, I find wolves. My cubs are all grown up at this point, so each cub ran a different direction. I got caught by the wolves. When I respawned, I only had 3 of my cubs with me. My orange cub has died from the wolves. I try heading back home, but it has turned into fall. I left my cubs and it took about 20 minutes to get back because I got lost easily.After you left your cubs to follow the path of solitude, you're supposed to go back home and sleep. The stars 'whisper' to you once again and lead you to a hill. The loading screen looked like a showdown between you and a wolf. But no, it's just one of your cubs.---------------------------------------------------------The main thing I hate about this game is the camera. It gets annoying.If you want this to be more like a survival game, get the mountains DLC. It's worth it.What needs to be added:-More predators-More prey-More maps-Day and night transitions-Realistic mode (survival mode is exactly the same thing as regular mode, but it takes longer for stamina to fill up)"
76561198215567512,Recommended,275100,22013056,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Philip J. Fry,"In my opinion, it's a good game, but lacking content. I wish that once your kids grow up they can hunt with you and then you die from oldness, playing as one of them. Then they have more babies and the pack gets larger and larger. If that could happen, I would see myself playing much more of this game in the future..."
,Recommended,275100,22245275,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Thoreaufare,I couldn't appreciate the beauty of the world any longer after my first kitten died in front of my eyes.
76561198245182148,Recommended,275100,23000849,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,effiepurple,This is one of the best animal games I have seen here are some reasons why:1. if the game gets too easy there is hardcore mode which makes the game much harder2.THE BABIES ARE SOO CUTE :D3.This animal game has beautiful artwork and music4.The disasters that happen make it more dramaticSo for me this is a 10/10 wait no for me this game gets a 50/10
76561198078174453,Recommended,275100,27823826,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Anaithnid,"This game will break your heart. Simple as that.My first attempt, I was struggling to find food around the den, so I went further and further into the wilderness. Eventually, my cubs followed. It was night, the wolves were on the prowl and the rain was pouring as I tried desperately to lead my cubs back to the den. Two of them were shortly too weak, and I had to carry them in turns. Unfortunately, when I went back for one, it wasn't there. Cue sitting in a corner crying.My second attempt was far more successful. My young cubs were healthy and playful, it was a bright, sunny day. Gambolling about in the grass, yipping playfully... and then a bloody eagle flew in, grabbed one of my cubs and flew away, all the while the cub howling pitifully, me chasing it desperately from the ground as the eagle happily flew away with it's lunch. Cue hours of counselling and crying.10/10 This game will destroy you emotionally. Masochists encouraged to play."
76561198319818104,Recommended,275100,29585203,Posted: 30 January,all,kitsune 💜,"Shelter 2 is a fine piece of game a that bridges an emotional connection with the player. It's a third person singleplayer survival adventure game, set in a beautiful semi-open world where you play as a mother Lynx that's trying to survive and protect her self along side her children.The graphics, the art style is arguably beautiful, with a nice mix of different but distinctive textures, viewed in vast open areas, with all the small effects and wiled life going about, and the sound effects from birds chirping to winds flowing to grass and leaves moving, coupled with an amazing soundtrack, it brings the game to life for one to enjoy in.The semi-open world is fun to play around in, where you have to run in its open fields and find prey to hunt down, giving them to your cubs (baby Lynxes) to eat, and then adventuring to other areas for refreshments. Aside from hunting, eating, and exploring, you also have to occasionally survive the nights, escaping and surviving from the ones who hunt you, the wolves.The story of the game, and its adventure to the end of it, is amazingly charming and heartwarming, surviving, giving birth, protect and helping your cubs to survive, experiencing loss, and then moving forward, possibly seeing this cycle again with the same amazing impact. It was a lovely story/adventure to see and play through, one that will have different impactful results because of your actions.The bad things about the game is that it is pretty short finished in about 1 hour or so it is it is fun to replay tho also the mouse controls are weirdly made, where the vertical movement is heavily limited for some reason. The other issue is small but worth mentioning, is that the game doesn't give you a clear idea on what you have to do in its open fields, when you do something that will progress the game at some point, you're not really sure how and why it happened.Overall Shelter 2 was and is amazingly charming and adorable, I was sucked into its charm in the first 15 minutes, and then continued to be engulfed by it throughout my playthrough, throwing emotional bombs at me. From beginning to end, the game was an emotional roller coaster, bringing me from true joy to extreme sadness, almost to tears. Although short, it was a quality experience with incentivised replay value, it's a game worthy of praise."
,Recommended,275100,15823878,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Noivern🌺,"My heart broke when my kittens left me as adults. Something tells me the cycle continues after that, but I just had to leave the game for now. I really enjoyed the hunting and _very open world concept, not to mention the amazing music."
,Recommended,275100,33066549,Posted: 30 June,all,Alice,"I have some things to say about this game, and depending on your perspective they can either be good or bad.To begin, I had this game on my wishlist for quite some time, and picked it up on an impulse, not bothering to see what it was, as I had forgotten about it for the most part.I had no idea what to expect, and was suddenly a lynx, and suddenly had four cubs, and I was hunting for them and teaching them things, being -way- overprotective as well, but it allowed all four cubs to survive to adulthood.This was when the game started to emotionally destroy me. If you're a normal human being with empathetic tendencies then this game is going to make you very attached to those four little cubs, whether you like them or not. I found them annoying after they left the den and started following me, because I had to watch them like a hawk and was turning around every few seconds, I was even scared to run ahead to catch food for them. When I was introduced to one of the few threats in the game, it wasn't so bad. I knew that the cubs could get up, but when I first tested it away from pressure I thought they couldn't, and that got me worried. This game does a fantastic job of making you the subject of it, so to speak. You aren't asked or told to feel certain ways because those feelings develop on their own through the gameplay, something that few games seem to be capable of. (Please excuse the slightly riddle-like choice of words, I am terrible at avoiding spoilers and still explaining things properly.)So, after that tangent, I'll say how the cubs leaving destroyed me. I felt sad that they were leaving and that was it, everything I had done lead up to that one moment and of course, I didn't know if they would survive to do the same for cubs of their own. I wandered back to the den in a bit of a sombre mood, but it wasn't until the credits started rolling that I began to sob uncontrollably. Which lasted for the whole way getting to the start of the credits, through the credits, and continued for 20 minutes afterward. It really did completely decimate me emotionally and it's exceptionally difficult to explain why, even if I wasn't trying to avoid spoilers.I can honestly say that the only way to experience what this game has to offer for -you- is to play it for yourself, obviously. You'll more than likely not get the same emotional baggage that I got, but you'll definitely get something. Saying that, I absolutely do recommend this game. I haven't been able to play it again as I'm not really wanting to be put in such a state again, but I would, otherwise.All in all, if I had to attribute a number to sum up my experience, I would definitely give it a full 10/10. I haven't played, nor watched, nor read anything that made me so emotional before. Video games are a truly wonderful opportunity to create something you likely would never have experienced otherwise, and this game really takes that potential quite far."
,Recommended,275100,23759386,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ZappRowsdower,"Shelter and Shelter 2 are interesting games, more ""interactive art"" than traditional video games. The artstyle, as you can see, is gorgeous, and the soundtrack is simple but top-notch. The gameplay is a little bare bones, but that's not necessarily a bad thing if you know what you're getting into.In Shelter 2, you are a mother lynx. There's a brief tutorial where you learn how to move, run, and leap to high areas (all while pregnant!). You find your den, give birth, and now have four little cubs to take care of.This is a rather open ended experience with a large, open map and no real ""finish line"" other than keeping your cubs (and yourself) alive via hunting and avoiding predators. Even with your ""sense vision"" (right mouse button) it can be difficult sometimes to find prey, and sickness and starvation can soon set in. Cubs sometimes stray too far behind. Wolves and foxes can easily take out one or more of your cubs if your attention wavers even just a little. Losing a cub despite your best efforts is a powerfully emotional thing; it took me by real surprise, how awful I felt when my little cub slowly wasted away and starved to death. It made me all the more determined to protect and nuture the rest.The core experience is short; my cubs are in their ""young adult"" stage now, about an hour in, and I've hunted and been hunted by everything that isn't in the DLC, which I am planning on picking up during the current sale. I bought the game full price and don't regret it, however, but these sorts of games are personal favorites of mine. I haven't encountered any glitches myself yet, but I have heard they are present.If you're a patient gamer that thrives on atmosphere, doesn't mind vague goals or directions, and appreciates a solid experience, then Shelter 2 is a wonderful game I highly recommend for you. The more action-orientated or those who want concrete directions and goals may want to turn their attention elsewhere."
,Recommended,275100,14808732,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,CapitalistNick,"This game is just so fun open world, bunch of things to do and it brings an amazing expericence.  They really did a great job with this game and deserves a lot.  Worth 15 bucks, I bought it for 10.00."
76561198064735961,Recommended,275100,25447850,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,chickenintherain,"It's like WolfQuest, except actually fun and with pretty graphics. If you catch it on sale, I'd definitely check it out.Pros:-Beautiful art style-Nice music-You get to run around as an animal-Will make you feel emotionsCons- Map sucks (there's no compass so it's hard to tell which direction you're going)-Not much replay value. After you raise the cubs all ther is to do is collect♥♥♥♥♥♥ which you will definitely not have the patience to track down. Even if you do, there's no reward except for achievements.- Normal price tag is a little much considering you have to pay for DLC to access an area of the map."
,Recommended,275100,15419709,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Captain Fatbelly,"This game caught my eye when I was looking for good open world games. So I watched the trailers for both the first and second Shelter. The reason why I bought the second Shleter is because you play as a mother of a more interesting animal than a badger, a lynx (a member of the cat family and lives in the tundra). I think this game is extremely well done (great job developers!) and has a very unique art style. The music that plays is very peaceful.Overall, I recommend this game to anyone who is ananimal-loverorenjoys open-world games. It's definitely worth your money. :)"
,Recommended,275100,15137258,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,zax,"Shelter 2 is beautiful.As a lynx the player is exploring an open world, feeding his cubs and learning about what nature has to offer. Choosing the lynx, a large, swift hunter, Might and Delight had to step up from the rather streamlined, linear level design of Shelter 1 and had to offer a landscape that made the chase for prey believable.Shelter 2 teaches the same base principles of nature it's predecessor already embraced. The difference is, that it gives the player more power to direct where his journey goes. Some people find that this makes the progression feel too open ended and undirected.For me the design makes the story and world feel more realistic, putting less emphasis on the show and giving the message within more power.As with Shelter 1, this game is a relaxing experience that engages mind and emotions. Definitely get it - but maybe on a minor discount because unfortunately the end of the journey comes quicker than desired."
,Recommended,275100,14847325,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Bifrost,"Psychedelic, open-world lynx parenting simulator.  Thoroughly enjoyable and the best soundtrack I've heard on a modern game, hands down.  10/10"
76561198015971206,Not Recommended,275100,23251842,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,John Uskglass,"Shelter 2 carries over the delightful art style and irritating glitches, controls and camera from its predecessor, Shelter. However in other regards, the games are quite different. Whilst Shelter in a fairly linear experience, Shelter 2 is an open world one, with more freedom to explore, and yet, I believe, less to discover.During my playthrough, the game felt arbitrary, and the objectives were poorly defined. Whereas the loss of a single cub in the original game felt like a real gut punch, in Shelter 2, I lost 2 cubs and I honestly have no idea how, leaving me more confused than anything else. Further, by going for an open world, Shelter 2 seems to have lost the variety of the first game, which includes many set pieces with different objectives and gameplay. Whilst I suspect the open world offers slightly more re-playability and a slightly longer play time, I don't think the time I spent in the game was of the quality of the first game.Therefore for most players, I would say that if the Shelter games appeal to you, I would recommend starting with the original rather than Shelter 2. That said, if you are looking for more of a simulation game than an experience, and you're willing to work through the obtuse instructions, you could give Shelter 2 a go."
,Recommended,275100,32604287,Posted: 20 June,all,Red Dagger,"My experience so far, a little spoilery if you wish to experience it yourself...-cub dies by fire in thunderstorm-kill and eateagle after getting flashbacks to the eagle sequencesin Shelter 1-fall in water a lot when messing around on ice-see a large herd of ""deer"" in the distance mysteriously highlighted further than animals normally get highlighted-realise a tad too late that they are, in fact, wolves-high-tail it to the exit of that area, hear cub getting killed by wolf just as I reach itMan I love calm, relaxing games.While definitely rather different to Shelter 1's linear prey PoV gameplay, the open-world direction of Shelter 2 compliments the predator gameplay well, although a quickly looping rabbit kill-a-thon loses a little charm in comparison. It does feel a little cheap constantly scooping up small animals, getting a little close to grinding without a clear goal; however, the variation in environments and the variation within the same environments as time passes does wonders to the game. The design and animations are as lovely as ever, and I'm not sure why but I personally find the complete lack of anything involving humans (going so far as to use symbols for a lot of things) a very good touch that the game would feel wrong without. Oh, and the music is very well done to tie it all together.That said, I find the special vision a little too...abusable and it lessens the experience somewhat.Still, a few minor complaints don't terribly dent such a good game. If you're wanting a (fairly) relaxing foray into nature through a stylistic indie game, this is definitely the one.Edit: turns out I was only a couple minutes from the ending, and it was beautifully done. A very worthwhile experience that will have replayability to those that enjoyed it."
76561198184580855,Recommended,275100,22714014,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,candywolf34,"Its a very cute lynx game. I love big cats. Its a beautiful game, like going on a adventure. Make sure your baby lynx cubs survive and it will turn out to be a happy game."
,Recommended,275100,33791883,Posted: 25 July,all,Solar,I named one of my cubs Smokey (after my real cat) and he got killed by a cloud of Smoke :(10/10 Would get irony'd again
,Recommended,275100,14810489,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,DracoRiff,"I've been a huge fan of the first game and Shelter 2 is no disappointment. The charming art style makes a return and this time, you get to play as a momma lynx. The music is relaxing, as it should be and the open world really draws you in. Your main goal is to protect your family, hunting down prey for them to fill their bellies until they get older and lead them away from the dangerous wolves. Survival is key and this game will really make you connect with the lynx. Also, the gamma is no longer as blinding.Overall, the game is a huge improvement from the first but that doesn't mean it has no flaws. The game is now a lynx simulator/ survival game with no end game in mind. With that, the game may get repetitive and boring after a while. Hunt, feed, run. Certainly not as engaging as the first game, where there was an actual mini story.The camera controls are also quite strange, with the vertical movement being extremely limited. The game also offers little to no explanation of how you managed to progress. It's a little confusing at first but easy to figure out with patience.That being said, this game is still a wonderful gem and I'd say it's totally worth it for the novel experience."
,Recommended,275100,16756961,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,eeveeborn,Im really emotionally attached to my babies
,Recommended,275100,21573759,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Foxeqois,"I really liked this game. Ive put a few hours into it and i will definately still be playing it after finishing it 6x now.Very cool, very cute. Very handsome lynx, i like it."
76561198172077687,Recommended,275100,30362841,Posted: 6 March,all,Sparky.KSD,I cried when i lost a cub
,Recommended,275100,15879468,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,FennecFyre,"Shelter 2 is one of those games that probably only appeals to a small niche of gamers, but appeals very, very well. The game itself is simple (catch prey, feed your cubs, avoid danger) but somehow doesn't lose any of it's appeal after multiple playthroughs. The graphics may look odd at first, but they've grown on me, and they don't really detract from the game at all.There are still some things that could be improved, like adding more variation to the cubs' pelts or new areas (though a DLC is planned for summer, which I'm excited about) but the team who created this game is refreshingly responsive to feedback from their players.You may like this game, or you may not. But you WILL get attached to those cubs, you WILL panic when they start starving, and you WILL feel oddly melancholy when they grow up and take their hungry mouths elswhere."
76561197988835029,Recommended,275100,29575037,Posted: 29 January,all,Fire Rabbit,"As a single man, this game taught me the feeling of a mother raising her children."
,Recommended,275100,32221137,Posted: 6 June,all,Raeve♫,"This game is very special and different. For the people who would like to buy this game, it isn't smart if you're very emotional."
,Recommended,275100,14953503,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,SunshineTidings,10/10 wouldcrybreak down sobbingagain.
76561198083525515,Recommended,275100,15049259,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Bubble Cerberus,"As a lover of cats I immediately grew interest with this game, and if you want to bring up adorable lynx cubs then this is the game for you. It has a beautiful art style and an amazing soundtrack. Possibly the only problem with the game is the length. Despite the length, the gameplay can go on with multiple generations of your wonderful kittens, and collectibles also add incentive to replay the game. This game has fun hunting mechanics and immersive gameplay, what else do you need? other than adorable kittens of course (which this game also has!)."
,Recommended,275100,14879367,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,vermillionlotus,"I just picked up this game today after seeing the trailer and watching a bit of gameplay footage. I did not play the first game, but the idea seems to be pretty much the same but with different animals. I love the graphics and the theme (mother trying to raise her cubs), and while I did well, the game did not explain anything other than the basic controls. I figured out quickly enough that the symbols in the distance were other areas, but it did not explain the significance (if any) to collecting the various items. A couple of times I picked something up and a window came up briefly with an animal icon and one letter (C for one and M for the other). I still have no idea what it means. Am I spelling something?? I enjoyed playing and I did feel a sense of attachment to my babies, but I feel like there could have been a lot more to this game.The only other animals I encountered were mice, rabbits, deer, frogs, and wolves. The first 3 are prey. I don't think there's any way you can fight off or defend against wolves, so I just ran away. Eating a prey animal will restore your stamina (the circle on the bottom left), running will deplete it. You can stop and rest or just walk for a bit, but it will not restore the whole thing.It's hard to say whether or not I would recommend it. I don't have a solid yes or no. I'd say watch some let's plays and then make your choice."
,Not Recommended,275100,14879033,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Mohamed28,"The idea of ​​this game is very interesting, good soundtrack and amazing art design, but this is only the beginning and then that's it. The game is like a ""beginning"" all the time. Because after playing for a while you do not face any challenge and differently than 'Shelter 1' there's no ""journey"" to survive, the only goal is to hunt rabbits and feed  the young cubs until they grow up and then leave. I do not consider this as a spoiler , because that is the main proposal from Shelter since the first one. Ok the map is open and free, but there's nothing to do, to finish the game you can keep all the time on the same place doing the same things for maybe one hour or two. There's no night to feel afraid of, this game is like the Naturre mode from 'Shelter 1', but summarized to one or two hours."
76561198170141573,Recommended,275100,19025293,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,chastitygaunt,"I love this game played it 20+ times NEVER GETS OLD, every time its different and AMAZINGLY CUTE cubs, and a instenct inside you tells you to keep them alive, and is EMOTIONAL and the land is OPEN so you can go eny where you want. Im GLAD that I bought this game, NEED to buy mountains becouse it adds more AWESOME preditors and MAJESTIC landscapes."
,Recommended,275100,14815748,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Harmon,"I'm the guy that thinks Proteus was a great game and a work of art, if this helps you understand the reviewer a bit better. So if you read on, keep that in mind.The Good: Absolute work of art. The style, music and atmosphere the game creates is up there with the best of them, Journey, etc. Hunting prey and roaming the wild was fun through out. Gameplay seemed solid. It felt like I was controling a wild cat. Family tree lets you continue to play with any remaining cubs that made it to adult hood. And lastly, did I mention this was an incredible work of art? Oh I did.. well on to the bad then.The Bad: The game was just a tease. The devs here had tapped into my dream game. So the fact that the game only lasted 1 hour and 40 minutes was a let down. Someone get Chris Roberts to whip up a Kickstarter for Shelter 3 because I would gladly pay much more $ for a lengthy wildlife survival game. I mean we get a new zombie survival game every month. Can't I get one MMO wildlife survial game? Anyways that's my beef with the game. That and there were a lack of predators and what seemed to be an abundance of food even though 3 of my cubs still starved so I have not yet figured out how fast time is moving in the game.I got the game for $10. It was well worth it. Like a good movie is. But any devs out there reading this.. make an MMO wildlife survival game and use this game as your inspiration.http://youtu.be/DCWkfIwwLAI"
,Not Recommended,275100,31154752,Posted: 15 April,all,Gex,"I wanted this game for a while, it looks amazing and right up my alley!It starts off strong, running from wolves- naming your cubs, grabbing food and bringing it back to the den. Then the cubs started following me- which was cool- and there were symbles to run to.Turns out- the symbols are new area's to explore... it goes strangely cinematic when you walk that way then it feels like you teleport- kept thinking there was something happening or I had advanced the story, or perhaps I was turned around because I reached the end of the map.Then... I spent the next hour or so collecting rabbits and giving them to the kids- there's no reason to leave the start area as there's plenty of food that never seems to run out. I eventually got bored and explored the other area's.Killed more rabbits in other area's, on rare occasions a new animal would pop up that I'd kill and feed to my pups... nothing really dangerous and no real goal. There was one moment when wolves randomly appeared, killed a pup then ran away- I have no idea how I could of prevented it, chasing them down in hopes that the cub was just getting carried away led to watching the wolves de-spawn.It was pretty repetative- they eventually grow up which lets them... occasionally get a frog stuck in their mouth- then just wander away. I can understand that it was a moment of 'a mothers job is thankless' but considering the job was a nature walk while occasionally grabbing rabbits (Get one, drop it mid run, grab another one- everyones fed) it didn't feel like anything.I was a bit disappointed- it is a nice looking game and a good idea I just wish there was more urgency to it with occasional relaxing moments."
,Recommended,275100,24361043,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Krombopulos Michael,"This game is beautiful, you will feel the feels. THe art and the music, and the story  of.. the story of life, and it's all just so right together, I am sad now..but it's a happy sadness because.... well.. i wouldn't spoil anything about this game, I'd say just play it for yourself.."
76561197975551289,Recommended,275100,15154166,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,TuRoK 2....,I`M A BLOKE. I play fps shooters! Painkiller. csg. I fit truck tyres...Im a man that does mans work. This game made me well up. Its that good!!! :)
,Recommended,275100,25405667,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Mush,Honestly a great game but I couldn't handle the sadness.
76561198015276640,Recommended,275100,25114307,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Icewolf,"Shelter 2, ahh, where to beging?I love this game, completely love it. It's calming, yet intense. There's always something happening, whether it's good or bad.You're a lynx mother, taking care of four little cubs. If you're familiar with the first ""Shelter"" game, then you know what's up. You gotta hunt prey and stay out of danger. It's pretty easy when you get the hang of it. But I still think the game is somewhat challenging.The game is short, yes. I think you can complete the whole thing in two hours. But, just because it's short doesn't make it bad. If it was any longer, it would probably just feel dragged out. Once you've completed the game, you can re-play it, playing as any of your surviving cubs and continue working on the family tree. You can also find collectibles that's hidden around the map.The art style is really nice and unique. And the music is just beautiful and emotional."
76561198047149966,Recommended,275100,34916761,Posted: 13 September,all,Melyora,"I absolutely adore this game. I've seen some mixed reviews, some labelling it as boring. I can get that though. I'll explain why I understand, and why it doesn't apply to me.The goal of this game is to raise your 4 baby kittens to adulthood, feeding them and keeping them save from predators and natural disasters. It is, however, relatively easy to do. If you keep within the starter area near your den, you'll be able to catch enough food and there are hardly any predators around. And that's it, an easy life is a boring life.But there are other areas which you can travel to, being an open world, where wolves can appear or eagles, and food is more scarce. Or when there is food, the area is more difficult to run through to actually catch your prey.I found the Mountain DLC to be a great addition, since it allows predators to appear in more areas, making it a bit more challenging. The mountain area that is included in the DLC provides a whole new terrain to explore and new predators.I try to give myself a challenge by leaving the starter area when the kittens start following me around. Try to take risks. Stray from the safe path. The game keeps me engaged as I raise my kittens and collect items wherever possible.I have to admit that there even is an area that I've been avoiding since I have an hard time finding prey there. I might explore it soon again.By the time of writing this review I've played over 10 hours this week of this game and find myself eager to start a new generation of kittens!"
76561198033697396,Recommended,275100,22207426,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Zack812,"Shelter 2, a game that I had fun crying on....rarely do that.....The feeling of losing a cub is a general feeling of loss, would completely recommend for people looking for an emotional game, the Soundtrack is also amazing, and the new ""Paws"" game, haven't played it yet, but I have high expectations, in short, I'd rate this a 10/10."
,Recommended,275100,22451335,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Pijavka:³,Amazing.10/10 would cry again
76561197971907582,Recommended,275100,14814991,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,ThatWhichThinks,"I found this game to be fairly enjoyable, but you should know what you are getting before you buy.The general ambience and feel of the game are its strongest points.  The art style, user interface, and music all blend together to make you feel like a piece of a majestic and unforgiving, yet fragile world.  The cubs you raise respond to your voice, get excited for food, play, and taking care of them feels very real and natural.All of the little details that most games would gloss over, this game executes beautifully.The problem is that everything else about the game is sloppy, poorly implemented, or lacking in substance.The gameplay is extraordinarily simple: you move, hunt, and feed either your cubs or yourself.  This presents the opportunity for interesting risk-reward tradeoffs: do I eat this rabbit I have killed to try and get enough strength to hunt a deer or feed it to my cubs lest they become too weak to follow me?  Unfortunately, there is no reason to ever feed yourself as you never actually get weaker while your cubs do, or at least can.  I say ""can"" because prey is generally so abundant and easy to catch that it is actually quite difficult for a cub to starve (especially once you realize there is no reason to feed yourself).  Furthermore, for a game supposedly about the dangers of rearing cubs in the wilderness, there is very rarely any actual danger to yourself or your cubs.  In two playthroughs I have only seen wolves (the only danger I have yet seen) once in each playthrough, and always in the same area.  Weather and other natural events seem to pose no threat whatsoever or have any effect on gameplay;  for a game called ""Shelter"", shelter seems to matter very little.The problem is that, once you learn how to efficiently hunt prey and navigate the world, the game becomes very easy and, as a result, dull.The game is also quite short: in about an hour and a half I was able to raise a set of cubs and complete the game.  You can then choose to continue playing and raise another litter of cubs as one of your offspring from the previous litter, but the game plays exactly the same way every time (even down to the number and coloration of the cubs) so little replayability is gained.Despite all of this and annoying camera angles I found this game to be worth its meagre pricetag, but the enjoyment was mostly from the general atmosphere the game delivers, the little things that the game does so well, than from any particular gameplay experience.  Despite the repetitive nature of the hunt, I was excited to feed my kittens, and they were excited to be fed.  And it was genuinely poignant when Autumn came, they stopped following me, gave one last chirp and parted from their mother to make their own way in the desolate, beautiful taiga.  If only more of the stark, unforgiving nature of the environment had been added to the gameplay instead of being limited to the background, if the dangers augmented so that ""shelter"" was more an in-game necessity than just a name, this game could have truly been amazing."
,Recommended,275100,14828170,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Frank,"Totally lives up to expectations for the sequel. Beautiful visuals, beautiful representation of nature and (just like the first game) emotionally unforgiving."
,Recommended,275100,14844129,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Mad Sweeney,"This Review does contain what may well be considered spoilers, I will however attempt to summarise and review this Experience, I use the word experince instad of game, becase it's the only word fitting to match this masterpiece. So this isn't a game review. This is a journey.I had the pleasure of watching Inna roam, alone cold and pregnant.I watched as she went from alone to surrounded by her cubs, Odin, Freyja, Sol and Dawn.I watched as she went from an unskilled hunter, to a master huntress, supporting all of her cubs.I watched the 4 grow and survives season after season, fed by their mother on the spares supplement of the mostly baron frozen lands.I watched them grow, and learn to stalk, then learn to kill and above all to mirror their mother's best traits.Then iI watched with great joy, and great pride but also tremendous sorrow as they left, all having survived thanks to her many hundereds of days without food, just so they could eat.I watched her Lynx' wonder into the world, to raise their own and to hopefully emulate their mother.I watched as Inna hunted, and grew old.I watched as she grew old, and wondered to her den, where she bore her pack.I watched her eyes close.I watched as she walked towards the heavens.I watched as she ran, free and open in the grand fields with her creator, free from all pain and cold.I hope to watch her Sons and daughters live through and equally incredible life.I hope you purchase this masterpiece. I have no shame in admitting i wept at this game, and do so as I write this review.I'm not going to put anything Edgy or cool like 10/10 GOTY would play again, I'll simply say, I hope you find your own Inna, and watch her build a world in your heart, and I hope like me, you don't watch any of her young perish.Buy this, you cannot regret it."
76561198026398393,Not Recommended,275100,24788159,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,SilverWolf,"Interesting game concept, but just not enough depth to survival to justify the cost, maybe on a sale. Game becomes extremely repetitive."
,Recommended,275100,28301646,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,luckyneko,"This game is freaking amazing! On my third generation, making my way to the fifth gen ^-^ Would totally recommend to any people who used to play WolfQuest as a kid or still play it now :)"
,Recommended,275100,21413074,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,CatsNThat,"This game is beautiful.It's sad, it's happy, it's adorable, and it's actually an incredibly good, as well as challenging, game.Buy it. Seriously."
,Recommended,275100,21356530,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,❄️ S n o w y,BEST.GAME.EVER :3
76561198008580123,Recommended,275100,30860757,Posted: 31 March,all,PRAVEMI,"Do You like survival games?Try this... and try pretty hard to keep your family safe and well fed!This is simply one of that ""little games with a big heart""."
76561198185577941,Recommended,275100,28956252,Posted: 2 January,all,{MK} Rymden,"I absolutely adore this game. The style, the gameplay mechanics, the very story it writes out for the player are all aspects that I love in my games. I have never been a ""hardcore"" gamer, shooting games just don't appeal to me. I love stories, the ability to play out a story for the player without using any words is beyond what I can ask for and this game does just that. But I am a firm believer in the ability to give the player the freedom to learn from their own mistakes and adapt to what you are given. Shelter 2 not only gives you that, but it serves it to you in a way where it doesn't force you to fall in love with your cubs, but rather has you share hardships and beautiful moments to bring you to a tear-jerking goodbye as you watch all that time that you had shared, raising kits into lynxes. All that worry you put into the game, hoping the next hunt will be better for your litter, it truly serves up to be a beautiful game with an even more beautiful message.In the end, I recommend this game, even to the newest of players.Happy hunting."
,Recommended,275100,33074666,Posted: 1 July,all,Cynna,"At first, I was fairly disappointed in this game since it varied so much from Shelter 1.  Shelter 1 was beautiful, linear, and it left me absolutely gutted.  Shelter 2, on the other hand, was not the emotional journey I was hoping for.  The story-telling is incredibly subtle, and there is an extreme lack of guidance, but even so, I completed the game within an hour or so with only one cub dying along the way.  My second playthrough, I saw much more of the map, and still experienced no deaths.  (Not that I necessarily wanted to!)To start, I'll go over the cons...The biggest downfall for me was that Shelter 2 did not invoke the same feelings of dread as Shelter 1.  The gameplay was so relaxed compared to the first game.  I had to go out of my way in order to find even a single ounce of threat to my cubs.  Raising them all to adulthood is surprisingly easy, and because of this, it isn't nearly as rewarding since there is very little struggle.  & Although there isn't a lot of struggle, there is A LOT of grinding.  It is very, very repetitive gameplay, no matter what zone you are in.  The only way to keep it interesting is to familiarize yourself with the map and leave your comfort zone.  This is a game where if you truly want to enjoy it, you need to focus less on ""what next?"", but instead on ""what now"".  There is a lot to experience if you allow yourself to be immersed into this new world.Despite the negatives, I did a second playthrough.  On this playthrough, I no longer had the expectations Shelter 1 had built up for me, and I got to see the game for the true beauty it is.  I made a point to keep better track of where I had been, and this is when things got interesting.  With this new perspective, I enjoyed seeing my cubs grow and the seasons change with them.  After they were grown, I was able to wander freely without constantly looking over my shoulder, and this allowed me to find some of the little secrets the devs have so loving tucked away in this vast landscape, and find even more potential danger to stumble into on my next playthrough.  The music is beautiful, and some of the actions that only appear when certain events are triggered is a wonderful touch.  (The only time I saw my lynx hiss, for example, is when I saw her atop a rock when avoiding wolves.)TL;DR If you're looking for on-the-edge-of-your-seat anticipation, then Shelter 1 is the game for you, but this one might not be.  However, if you're looking for a more relaxing yet immersive game, big on exploration, but with minimal action, then this game will charm you.  It truly is an experience."
76561198178265121,Recommended,275100,34969880,Posted: 15 September,all,Leedsichthys's Thiccniss,Got PTSD from watching my cubs die11/10
76561198078617074,Recommended,275100,31623326,Posted: 8 May,all,Princess Miaow,"A beautifully and artfully crafted game in which you protect and feed your cubs to adulthood. I loved every moment and have played through several generations. Ending is extremely touching and poignant.Again, beautiful game. Evokes some real emotions."
76561198289103615,Recommended,275100,21804629,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,anarchyrecoil,Love this game! I hope the developers continue with this series and add more animals and landscapes. Absolutely gorgeous environments!
,Recommended,275100,34182667,Posted: 11 August,all,Momolove,"Shelter 2 was a fun game, and it got me to buy Shelter, Paws, and Meadow! I really enojoyed it because for a good portion of my life, I was searching for a game where you could play as a wild animal, and Shelter 2 was the game I was looking for. Also below is my first playthrough.So when the intro started, where you run away from the wolves, I was confused by the controls so I failed at running from the wolves maybe 3 or 4 times. Finally I got past them, followed the stars to my den, and had my cubs.I named the white one Cloud, orange one Amber, brown one Daisy, and the black one Blinky. I then got out of then den and went out to hunt rabbits for my cubs. I found out to catch rabbits, you needed to simply run at them and your lynx will do the rest. After hunting 3 rabbits for my little cuties, they started to follow me. We always went and stayed where food was easy to find.Sometime in summer, this black stuff comes rolling down the mountians and I go to it, but then the game started to lag and I got so spooked that I exited out. When I came back, the blackness was gone and all my cubs were safe. When fall came, a lot of rabbits were on this hill to the left of the den. Me and my cubs stayed there all fall, eating the feast of rabbits.Then winter came and all the rabbits disappeared. I searched endlessly for rabbits. When I sniffed once, I saw that one of my cubs had collapsed. Luckily I had found a rabbit and gave it to the collapsed cub, and we continued on. Soon Daisy collapsed and I remembered that at the beginning of the game, it was winter and there were plenty of rabbits around the den.So I picked up Daisy and we set off towards the den.I put Daisy in the den, and I knew that all the cubs would stay with her, but when I got far away to hunt rabbits, they came running towards me. The cubs following me kept on collapsing, so I fed them all the rabbits I caught. Soon Cloud collapsed and I looked around for a rabbit to feed my starving cub. It seemed like I had hunted most of the rabbits,when I spotted one and quickly killed it. I sniffed to look for the cub symbol but I didn't see any. I looked around for Cloud but then I decided that Cloud had died. I was sad, when I suddenly remembered Daisy. I sniffed for her symbol but it had also gone. With only two cubs left, I gave the rabbit to Amber and Blinky.After hunting for my last two cubs for a while, spring came and prey became more easy to find. I worked hard to keep my cubs alive, and when autumn came, my two left me. I quickly went to the den and fell asleep. That night, I saw and followed the stars into a small meadow. I then saw another lynx who I assume is either your mate meeting you again or your own mother who's leading you into some sort of lynx afterlife.If you want to experience all that I did, then get Shelter 2. And if you want it to be more harder, then get the mountians DLC."
76561198137999638,Recommended,275100,30366145,Posted: 6 March,all,Internalised Oppression,"A piece of art.After only two minutes of gameplay, I found myself awed by the wonderful world Shelter 2 displays. From the stunning and beautiful graphics to the emotional soundtrack and story. I highly recommend this amazing game to anyone."
76561198174061954,Recommended,275100,20709885,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,"CC-3636 ""Wolffe""",This game will make you experience every emotion humanly possible. One of the best games I've ever played.
,Recommended,275100,23898422,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Maximus296,"Soundtrack is what makes this game for sure, mix that with a very unique art style and a very simple yet touching story you get an amazing game"
,Recommended,275100,21578319,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Bobbi No-Nose,You can inhale the skulls of your prey.10/10 IGN
76561198255825622,Recommended,275100,23195282,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,CatTheDestroyer,"Hah this game is an adventure so far, i'll definately play more. Day 1. I hunt for my cubs, keep them well fed and get proud because i kill a fox. Day 2..... I continue hunting, and just as i was about to feed my red cub, which i named Lila, a fox snatches her. I was so shocked that i didnt chase the fox down fast enough to save her. its sad, all though these suprises and experiences are what im enjoying most about the game."
,Recommended,275100,27048669,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yam,"Harden your hearts, boys and girls.. 'cause this is an emotionally devastating game.Rest well, Beans.. mom misses you."
,Recommended,275100,14816932,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Jman,"I love this game, keep the child, feeding, adventure, hunting, and do everything together, be the best mother in the world!"
,Not Recommended,275100,18363792,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,woof,"I love the idea behind this game and really adore the graphical style, but there are so many things that make this fairly boring to play. For starters, the menus are slow. There are 3 large areas to explore, but it's difficult to have any bearing on where you are or where you want to go; not that you need to go anywhere in normal mode. The stamina mechanic makes travelling incredibly slow, and the only things to really do are to hunt for your cubs or search for the ridiculously large number of collectibles, all of which are fairly difficult to spot.On top of that, it takes about an hour to complete normal mode, and things are so unintuitive that it wasn't until I started my fifth generation that I understood what the ending was supposed to be. It's a nice game, but I'd wait for it to go on sale if you're interested in it."
,Not Recommended,275100,16742381,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Pepi,"I love the idea, but I can't reccomend this game.The only thing you do in this game is hunting to get food, wich is very simple and get boring pretty fast. The number of different preys is pretty low and hunting mostly consist of running and try to ""hit"" them before you lost sight of them because it's super hard to notice little prey with those graphics (yay, graphics are not helping). Sometimes you do the same and press ""space"" as well. Way too simple and repetitive.Then there are wolves, and you can't do anything expect run away.And no, you can't find other Lynx and mate to create a familly. It's all automatic when the cubs grow up."
76561198086724455,Recommended,275100,14874059,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Vixolet,10/10 Would cry again.
76561198078792762,Recommended,275100,19262653,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,kreekey71,"The game was very real, the was no happy ending unless you worked your stubbie tail off for it. Not only did it carry a realness that was expertly exciuted, but the whole game was emotionally taxing. Through out the intier coruse of the game you could lose any one of those cubs, and when you did lose one of them there was no warrning. The game was sorta deppressing, but in a way that made you relize that their is a bigger picture to look at, and that a mother will follow her maternal dudie, no matter how painful."
,Recommended,275100,19662380,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,{Or.ca} GreatWhiteOrca,"First i want to say the intro.It was beautiful all the colours walking through the forest but face with an angry pack of wolves while trying to find ""shelter"" to give birth in.I love games like these where you expirience the feeling of always being hunted.The lynx was a great idea.Lynxes are unusual and are not used in games very often.The cubs aswel.You have to protect 4 cubs during the game.It makes you feel like they're really you'res that you really love them.My experience was just like that.I hope you'res is too.Rate:10/10Expirience:""Amazing""If theres going to be a ""Shelter 3"" I hope you could make it about maybe rabbits or bears.""This game was the most amazing game i've ever played."""
76561198010371209,Recommended,275100,14813577,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,chernobly,"Grudgingly recommended.The game looks great, but there's just not much going on.Kill voles, rabbits, and deer. Find useless collectibles. Repeat.Sluggish controls, weird animation glitches, and areas where the framerate inexplicably nosedives.Worth ten bucks? Probably not. Just watch a playthrough on youtube.Five? Sure, but bear in mind that the game lasts little more than an hour.It is gorgeous, but there's no challenge or interest beyond its pretty face.I hope there are more games in the series, but I really hope they try harder."
76561198020821536,Recommended,275100,21266454,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,gatohaus,"Nothing new in this review..      It's beautiful, and creative and all that..  it really is.   Gameplay is fairly short.    You could get sucked into the basic mechanics of ""winning"", but that'll turn this game into something it was never meant to be.   Try exploring, with your kittens..  don't just play the game.   Explore.There's a kind of mystical quality to the game..   almost like hiking through the snow laden woods IRL.Definitely worth the time/money."
,Recommended,275100,18848443,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Snowtoes,"I personally would recommend the Shelter 2. It's repeatitive, yes, but I think that's what makes it so fun. The fact that we have to hunt the same things over and over again for our cubs, I think that, added with the art style, is what makes this game so unique, and why some people want to play it so badly.Shelter 2 is a open-world survival game, it's meant to show what wild lynxes do everyday, and what happens if they make a bad decision. If a lynx decides not to look for food constantly, she runs the risk of starving to death. If a lynx decides not to find shelter from a thunderstorm, he runs the risk of being struck by lightning. If an animal doesn't run frpm danger, they'll be attacked, possibly killed.I think that someone would like to know what lynx mothers do, like to look for collectables, care for children until they grow old enough to care for themselves, or just want to sit down and play a beautiful game for a while, would enjoy this game."
,Recommended,275100,20190916,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Sage_Panda,"Out of the 100 games I own, this one is the most stunning. Its stunning but also possess decent gameplay, but thats not why I personally play it. I play it because its touching and isnt one of those games that is over the top with deep story and such. It has smooth gameplay and by far the best sound track to any game Ive heard to date. This game is amazing because its that way. Definite Recommend."
,Recommended,275100,20345040,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Dice.exe,"This game is not for people who want a complicated gameplay..But for me, it's a beautiful game when you will get attached to your cubs along the gameplay..And it's sad  when one of them dying, but don't worry, with the power of Mama-Instinct we can heal them up and raise them into a healthy adult Lynx"
,Recommended,275100,15272860,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Lagreca,"The toughest and the meanest will cry like a little child, oh you will..."
76561198282935670,Recommended,275100,23881146,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,THX1138,"A VERY big improvement over the first game, Shelter 2 has all the fun and emotion of the first game, but Shelter 2 improves on the first game by adding more of a replayability factor. After your first play through as the original mother lynx, you can countinue playing as any of your offspring that survived. Shelter 2 also adds a sort of survival aspect, as you need to constantly be searching for food for your kittens."
,Recommended,275100,14816650,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Dass,"So far this is one of the best games of 2015 in my books, It has amazing graphic, love the game play and love the music. One surprise was that for just coming out recently there are no notable bug in the game, the creators put a lot of work into this before it came out and it shows. This game is a slow pace game and some people might not like that about this game but, it is a great game and you should try. One thing always feed your cubs it will help them evolve and prevent them from dying. The plus is when they get bigger you don’t have to hunt as much because they will start getting their own food.   This game isn't a disappointment."
,Recommended,275100,14812515,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Suicidal Squirrel,"First of all: Thanks for the Linux day 1!SummaryA nice relaxing game. I especially adore the graphics, really liking the style!The game-mechanics are not that overwhelming, interaction with the environment (seems?) to be a bit limited, though - for me - that doesn't count too much.GameplayMaybe I'm yet a bit ""thrown into the world with no clue what's goin' on"" because I never played Shelter 1. I actually have no clue why 2 of the kittens died. They just seemed to be more weak than the other 2 and strolled more behind. But they not seemed to be underfed as they had plenty to eat (I spent *much* time hunting). Did the other 3 (2) bullied them and didn't let them eat? Did they eat something wrong? How can I stop them from dieing just like that?I definitely will try to figure out more after my exams, but I would appreciate it if somebody would just point me into the right direction.Ah, yeah, don't expect too interesting dialogues ;-). Cats/Lynxes are high nobles, actually standing high over us primitive ""humans"" :DConcerning the Linux port:I know I have some ""special"" hardware (nVidia ""Optimus"" => integrated + dedicated GPU), which is not well supported by the manufacturers (neither on Windows nor on Linux...). With this setup I sometimes get some freezes and hangs but going into the menu and back solves it.I also faced a *strange* bug where I only could slide but not steer. After reloading the latest savepoint all was well again."
76561198051472233,Recommended,275100,14811881,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Lark,"It's a simple and short game with (in my personal oppinion) very beautiful story book art. I do wish it was a litttle better at filling you in on what the symbols mean, but at the same time, I do love a game where things aren't just handed to you. You start the game as Inna the mother Lynx and after you find your den you can start wórking on the family tree which is a great way of adding to the wehole slice of life feel teh game gets. And while I enjoyed being a badger, I do like that as the cubs get older, they start to hunt for themselves so that they aren't always dependent on you.If you like open world games that don't have 63 things out to kill you at all times, I would recommend this game for you as well as for any young gamers out there who are animal lovers."
,Recommended,275100,14813024,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Lunora,Made my kids grow as big as i amThen i stepped into a rock near waterfallThey all died.The end.10/10Would play again
,Recommended,275100,31696276,Posted: 11 May,all,DickFart32,i like the baby cats
76561198005962054,Not Recommended,275100,14874181,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Nivix(MystLynx),"I really like the idea of the game, but I can not recommend it to others.I love felines and Lynxes are my favorites. So, when I read Shelter 2 description, I bought it immediately. Personally, I do not regret, the Shelter series have a huge potencial and I really want to support this project.But, the game can offer nothing to a regular player. You face total lack of content, repetitive gameplay and poor difficulty. The game has very specific auditory: people who love felines, who love nature and wildlife, and would like to try to live their life.Comparing to other Survival games, Shelter 2 is not a survival game in the matter of gameplay. it is more like a ""hunting-hares-and-running-simulator-ish"". There are only few dangers that you can easily avoid during gameplay. Not hard at all. Just kill a hare, feed cubs and you are safe. There is absolutely no need to hunt deer or something else big. The Devs failed to bring us the feeling of THE REAL WILDLIFE, hard, cruel and bloody. Where you fight for you life every second and can not even sleep peacefully. Where you fight for food because there are always lack of food and other predators, who want to take your prey. The game just does not has enough depth.The lack of difficulty, lack of content and simple, repetitive gameplay made me to not recommend this game."
,Recommended,275100,14842539,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Tribute,"It's not a game, it's a piece of artwork! I finished it in 97 minutes, but I'm sure I'll get back to it. Probably the best game I have ever played.. And i bought soundtrack DLC already. Btw, at the end, I almost cried! I really recommand this game, It's a mustbuy :3"
76561198013837590,Recommended,275100,21246397,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Lanira,"This game is so simple, yet so beautiful. I really enjoyed and still enjoy playing it. The music, the environment, the role as a provider and continuing the family tree and everything just fits so great together. These were the best 15€ I ever spend on a game."
76561198065656911,Recommended,275100,17737846,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Frogurt97,"I like this game though i do not think it has too many hours of gameplay in it (unless you really like exploring fields, forests, mountains etc. and hunting rabbits) though it is a cool game with unique gameplay.The art style is pretty and interesting and nice to look at though some things may be almost unrecognisable.Overall 10/10 for the experience though not for those who want many many hours out of a game but want something new and fresh."
76561198175161594,Recommended,275100,15074294,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,TheFuzzyTRex,No other game tells the story of the struggles for life better than this one.  To me the game is wonderful even though it breaks my heart at times i love the fact that you don't play as a flesh riping monster like you see in the low budget action movie you play as an animal trying to survive as well as protecting your cubs in a world where other animals are trying to survive. I also like how there are more variaties of animals unlike the first game. But unfortunatley everybodie's got nit picks and i don't have many but they are still there. For instance the mother really has nothing to worry about besides her cubs. I wish you as the player should eat to survive instead of just getting your stanima up but besides that i love it and i totally recomend it for animal lovers and other gamers looking for something new.
,Recommended,275100,28599396,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Stormcrow,"I'll be blunt: This game will make you cryStarting off with the moment after birth just gave me an instant emotional attachment to those 4 cubs. I wanted hem to be happy and fed all the time.At first its easy. Lots of food, and no worries. I experienced my first panic attack when a hawk swooped down and grabbed one of my cubs. Luckily, I was able to kill it before it could fly away.Then, starvation. The moment, when I notice one of my cubs isn't following me and I turn around and see him meowing, lying on the ground unable to move, wrenches my heartstrings like no other game has. I run to find food and i'm walking back when, in the distance, his icon blinks out forever.In the hour and a half that i've played this game, I beat it with 2 surviving cubs. Starvation had claimed 2, and many tears were shed for them, and I can say with all my heart that this isn't a game, but an experience."
76561198065303206,Recommended,275100,23229163,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,FappyHamSlappy,"As a first impression, a little over an hour, I am completely engrossed in this game. This is truly one of those games that pushes the platform in a direction cognizant of a true artform. It's beautiful, the world is rich with life and interesting features, immersive, the music, artstyle and gameplay perfectly complementing each other, but most of all Shelter is an emotional experience, I'm completely invested in raising my kittens because I genuinely care about them. It's not about score, levels, or any other compulsion than survival.If anything happens to change my mind, I'll edit this review, but if you're reading this because you're considering buying Shelter 2, you won't regret it."
76561198190027509,Recommended,275100,26424384,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,IskaRiottt,10/10 would gladly kill bunnies again
,Recommended,275100,28852073,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Toasty,"Strange game. Surviving isn't as hard, but it's also not that easy.The controls are a bit to get used to, I prefer this game with the mother lynx and her litter over the first game as a badger. Though that's my preference too!The textures are surely different, not many people appeal to them. But I love it.The kittens are adorable! Their sounds and how they react and huddle close to the mother when she commands.I was confused at a few times though. I have no idea what I did but it got awfully dark and loud sounds zoomed in the background. made the hairs on the back of my neck stand up. The mother lynx seemed to hiss at this point too. I was afraid something was coming after us.The textures when it got blindly too freaked me the hell out! I dunno but it looked like water texture or something floating and it got louder when I went near it. ran away and went back to den and everything got better.Still confused to this day.Kittens grew up as I reach snowy biome.Continues journey."
76561198207929331,Recommended,275100,28894223,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ALuckstreetBoy,"One of the hardest games I've ever played but most rewarding. The art style is unique and enjoyable, the gameplay is simple enough but getting all four cubs to adulthood is incredibly difficult, and when they leave it breaks my heart every time. The music is gorgeous, it's a lot of fun, and this game sold me on trying all the other Shelter games."
76561198047757800,Recommended,275100,27512212,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mely,This game can warm your heart and break it in a matter of minutes. 10/10 would feel again.
76561198048436893,Recommended,275100,19856548,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Marinus,"I played this game for 50 minuts now and I know exactly what this evil game does.... It gives me 4 little babies... Then I cannot feed them all... First I manage to feed them and the game let me loves them.. then one by one they die and I feel horrible....10/10Edit:Wow this game is short.... Beautifull, but short. Worth 7 euro? Yes...Yes it was."
76561198234884220,Recommended,275100,19976544,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,dadadada,GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD LYNX :)
,Recommended,275100,18776830,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,SeppukuSisters,"Might and delight came through with a beautiful experience with the first Shelter. The scenery, artistry and soundtrack alike made for an absolutely wonderful experience. In shelter 2, the charm is not only maintained, but heightened through an incredibly immersive environment. Make sure you're honed in on your child management skills, as the game can be heartbreaking if proper care isn't' taken, but ends up being and absolutely fantastic experience either way.Game is $15, I paid $10. I would have paid a full $20 for the experience."
76561198258745823,Recommended,275100,19328128,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,aidankocherhans,"This is a really good game. It is surprising how hard it is to keep all your kits alive, and it always leaves you wanting to play again to do better.The dlc makes the game much more interesting. You should also play on survival mode."
,Recommended,275100,19438208,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Vanilla Thrilla,"Absolutely beautiful. Time and time again, this game makes my day. The game is beautiful and fun to play. I highly reccomend getting the mountains DLC. It just makes the game more challenging and gives you more to do. The artwork and the overall style is gorgeous and the game as a whole is calming. (I like to listen to jazz when I play it but you don't have to.)"
76561198128079930,Recommended,275100,18276683,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Seranner,"This game is amazing. It literally brings tears to your eyes. I have NEVER cried from a game or movie but if it weren't for my friend listenning on Skype, I'd be full blown crying. It is so sweet at the end. For all you players out there, don't quit when your cub leaves. Go home instead."
,Recommended,275100,33021544,Posted: 29 June,all,RJDaae,"Open world makes for a different, more freeform experience than Shelter 1's strict progression, but lends much more playability than the original. I especially enjoy the option of playing as the grown cubs."
76561198349046694,Recommended,275100,31508011,Posted: 2 May,all,Subrezzizon2942,"This is totally an amazing game and i would give a thumbs up ! It really worth you paying to play this game if you perhaps like cute things or takeing care of animals or pets ! I love the graphics especially and the background music!Goods are  - Amazing graphics!- LOVE THE BACKGROUND MUSIC- Very unique , relaxing- Good story line- Whenever i play this game, i feel happy or relaxed- Really atmosphericImprove on- Yea this game is way to short, it took me around 1 hour and 30 min to finish this game- Gets boring after playing a while.. cuz basically its just hunting, keeping cubs alive and make sure they grow up- The cubs suddenly lies on the ground whimpering or what and i have no idea how to save it, then it dies...- More explaination ?-Make it more challenging? .."
76561198119581997,Recommended,275100,30365865,Posted: 6 March,all,Beefaroni,"Totally biased by cute baby Linx noisesFirst of all... Beautiful and unique artstyle, soundtrack, and effects.Second of all... You can replay the game even after several playthroughsThird of all... I love the unique tab that allows you too create a new bloodline."
,Recommended,275100,33021583,Posted: 29 June,all,Timuscabus,never has my anxiety been so high in any game10/10 would fear for my children's lives again
,Recommended,275100,33255267,Posted: 4 July,all,Reinfa Kiioskii(Alexodia),Mechanics are smooth. Camera is way to prone to lose your way and thus prey. However otherwise i'm impressed.The simplest stories often make the best and this story is no exception. Well worth the price.
,Recommended,275100,32746608,Posted: 24 June,all,bolmato,"Beautiful, mesmerising game. Highly recommend. A work of art, fantastic animation and design. Thank you so much for this game"
,Recommended,275100,32843922,Posted: 26 June,all,livin' legend,Touchy.
76561198059934988,Recommended,275100,30408776,Posted: 9 March,all,Julien,"Cute little game.Not the kind of game you'll waste all your nights on, but for a 40min break it's perfect, minimalist and relaxing.Having bought it 200 yens (about the price of a subway ticket) I have no regret at all."
76561198298544479,Recommended,275100,33933362,Posted: 31 July,all,TurtleGirl707,"Shelter 2 is an absolutely beautiful game. You start off as a mother lynx, catching rabbits and other creatures for your 4 cubs. Eventually your cubs will come out of the den and follow you around, running after you as you chase those rabbits. Seasons change, and you're faced with more difficulties as winter approaches. I loved this game and I definetely recommend it. Here are the pros and cons for Shelter 2:Pros:Beautiful patterns and designNaming your cubsDifferent areas to explore and hunt inFamily tree, so you can play as one of your cubs when you finish the gameA little heartbreaking if you lose one of your cubs (very emotional)Cons:6 character limit when naming cubsI couldn't think of many cons for this game.I am currently on the 6th generation, and the cubs' fur patterns are still differentIf you want a challenge, with more predators, then I would recommend Shelter 2 Mountains.10/10. Great game!"
,Recommended,275100,26307648,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,[LANCE] Substitute,A emotional rollercoasterThis game is a beautiful piece of artbut like any art after you see it for awhile you start to not appreciate it for what it once was.it starts with a pregnant mother lynx escaping predatorsand the main gameplay is raising the children and protecting themas the kids get older you start to realize you're not needed as they will soon hunt for themselves and eventually leaveIt ends with the mother seeing what I'm guessing is either any children that died or the male lynx she mated with as she too passes on (only one child died so I can't be sure)although this game is amazing I don't see much replay value in it except for the fact you can continue from your children like a family tree18/20!!!!!!pros:-beautiful-amazing soundtrack-amazing atmosphere-manipulates your emotions-It's just amazingCONS:-tedious at times-little replay value-worth more like 9.99-♥♥♥♥ IM SAD NOW
76561198317296105,Recommended,275100,27627158,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lyceum,It just makes cry.Wonderful game.
,Recommended,275100,27592261,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,orchid91,Well... Thanks for making me cry at the end of this game.
76561198136767409,Recommended,275100,25319667,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,isuruspaucus,"If you play with the Mountains DLC, the game is great.I love Shadow of the Colossus, Okami, Ecco the Dolphin DC, Abzu, Journey, The Witness... This kind of stuff. Actually Shadow of the Colossus is the only game in my 25 years gaming experience that brought real tears to my eyes, both from sadness and happiness.Aeris ? The number of materias I got back is the number of ♥♥♥♥s I gave when she ""left"". The Terror Tears -Silent Hill type- aren't relevant here, your cubs don't end up eviscerated by awkwardly sexy zombie Nurses.BUT some of them will end up eviscerated off-screen obviously, because mother nature is damn cruel, and you could die of exhaustion trying to catch the big♥♥♥♥♥eagle who just attacked you and is flying away with your children. In my first playthrough, I watched one of them die of hunger, the second one disappeared in a forest fire, and the third one just vanished behind me after I heard a strange noise. I think it was a fox. Later when the actual eagle attacked, I took the last one in my mouth and I ran, and the eagle tried to kill ME. I didn't meet the wolves or the polar bears yet. I'm so afraid. So mayyyyybe the Terror Tears are relevant in the endI've found this kind of great emotions and feelings again in Shelter 2 with the Mountains DLC.And I think it's a real challenge to make a real animal in a video game, because we all know how they move, how they look. Nobody ever saw a real Wyvern. Yet.In Shelter 2 they are vey well done, AND done in an artistic way. Musics are beautiful.The animations are sometimes a little stiff, and obviously the game is not an AAA, has no real long-term challenge, but it has a very nice feeling of exploration-survival, a unique graphic touch and above all it provides a wide range of emotions if you are willing to take them."
76561198328876502,Recommended,275100,31539492,Posted: 4 May,all,Captain of the White Tower,Short but touching
,Recommended,275100,14844896,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Wojtek,*starts crying* why did he have to die he was such a good kitten! otherwise 9.9/10 needs more deer
76561198279416165,Recommended,275100,23358267,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,nom.girl1447,"Great Game!Really sad. Only 2 of my cubs lived. I almost cried. The graphics are awesome and add some much meaning and depth tothe game. Must get!I rate this a 10 out of 10!I love at the end how it says ""Special Thanks to all Mothers!""."
,Recommended,275100,15766222,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,bvdwo1f,"Okay, where do I even start?Shelter 2 is a highly addicting and beautifuly visual game. It appealed deeply to me as an animal lover and by the ""end"" I found myself to have even been emotionally invested. I would definantely recomend this to anyone looking for a break from your average shoot and kill, hack and wack, survival game. It was deeply enjoyed! Quite the experiance."
76561198215423589,Not Recommended,275100,31855424,Posted: 20 May,all,42gilbertdicks,"This game is very beautiful adn quite fun at first but I found that after roughly an hour of gameplay it just became repetitive and pretty boring. Personally, I think this game is not worth the money. I recommend that the game creators add in more of a story to keep players interested."
76561198073023889,Recommended,275100,30397012,Posted: 8 March,all,Da0ki,"Most touching Title I have ever played!Take it!I strongly recommend to buy this game. I bought it while it was for sale, but I would pay the full price also now that I know this gem.What I liked most was the athmosphere that was created. You might think that it's just about caring for your cubs, but actually it feels like more. I don't know how to put this without making it sound like I am a total freak...The game starts with you as a pregnant Lynx, desperatly trying to find a place where to give birth to four cubs.Eventually you find a place and there they are, as cute as you could probably imagine them. Caring for them looks like an easy job at the beginning until the music intensifies for the first time and in shock you have to admit that you lost one of your cubs to the wilderness. At this point you might feel the urge to cry, really. One of my saddest moments in gaming history!Life continous and so do you. Eventually your cub(s) become adults and your ways seperate...another sad moment, that left me with a feeling of true emptyness while I watched them running away. Arriving at the point where I thought ""And now?"" the story develops further and leeds to an ending that again, touched me in a way that I could have never foreseen.I reached the first ""end"", smiling all over my face after around 2 hours. I just had realized that I had nodded in respect to the masterful piece of art while reading the credits. Back on the main menu you are free to choose one of your surviving cubs in the family tree to start a new season and thus extend your family tree or start with a complete new family.I played with an xBox Controler and can not confirm any problems with the controls.In fact there is nothing that had a negative impact on my experience!Enjoy"
76561198239664660,Recommended,275100,30394683,Posted: 8 March,all,¥oũnĝ €he†,This game affected my feelings.She's definitely worth her money.
76561198017211762,Recommended,275100,30420993,Posted: 9 March,all,VampireHam,"Omg! It's so adorable! I love the artwork and the landscapes, they're beautiful! Worth every penny!"
,Recommended,275100,15748144,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,tksbutterfly,"I love it.I just find it so peaceful stalking and chasing prey to feed to my cubs. During my many generations of lynx cubs, I've attained a motherly instinct-like strategy of putting my cubs before myself, and oh are those cubs the light of my life as a lynx."
,Recommended,275100,14816205,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Bjarkamal,This game was made to tug at your heartstrings. Then its made to give you some sugar and happiness. Then kick you in your genetailia and take away everything you love. Not for the light hearted.
76561198157510254,Recommended,275100,20687930,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,DangerNoodle,"This game is exactly what it looks like, a linx sim"
,Recommended,275100,20737145,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,DragonologyDepartment,"I love this game. It's one of those I tend to break out on a day when I don't have much to do or simply just want to wind down and relax. The game is also stunningly beautiful, with a very unique and artistic way at looking at nature."
,Recommended,275100,20835556,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Catwings,this is a very artistic game with story revalving around life. althought  this game might get boaring its still a nice game to play once in a wile to expeareance the art and challange of life
76561198126340497,Recommended,275100,16063059,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,SONJA,Worth every penny.
76561198132684319,Recommended,275100,14894479,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,ESKEETTIT,"I absolutely loved this game.  The art design was beautiful and you really felt attached to your cubs.  Some negetive reviews I've seen say that this game is ""unrealistic"" and ""boring"".  The game isn't meant to be action packed and isn't meant to be extremely realistic.  The game isn't meant to be very hard either, but is supposed to be relaxing and enjoyable.  The only dangers you face are wolves, which are very rare to encounter, and starvation, which is fairly easy to overcome because of the abundance of rabbits.  What some people need to see is that Shelter 2 isn't supposed to be very fast-paced or nerve racking.  It's meant to make the player feel attached to their cubs.  In short, this amazing game is all about the art style and the struggle of keeping your cubs alive."
76561198103507131,Recommended,275100,14862652,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Beans,"What a beautiful game. Never before have I felt so attached to the characters in a game. This game is beyond anything I have ever played before and I high recommend it to anyone. The story is heartwrenching, the art is beautiful. 10/10 Byfar the best indie game I have ever played."
,Recommended,275100,14894203,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Arakhnic,"I am absoulotley in love with this game. It gives you an emotional link between you and these 4 kittens that you give birth to in the beginning. You basically adventure out into the wild and protect/feed your kittens in till they are big enough to survive themselves and then eventually leave you. When they do that you return to your den, then the game ends. If you start a new one you can play as one of your kittens that left you and starts the cycle over again. It is a fun,relaxing, and emtional game. 10/10 :D"
76561198198799933,Recommended,275100,16076993,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,wbond800,I felt like if I lost my own children. If 4 of your cubs survive the game won't end because it will carry on with another of your cubs. I am 10
,Recommended,275100,30486903,Posted: 13 March,all,grizeldi,"Bought this game because of cute lynxes. Was not disappointed.While gameplay is pretty boring (you literally only have to hunt and every so often defend your kits from predators), the art style is great. Exploration is supposed to be part of the gameplay too, but your lynx is painfully slow. I mean, sure, you can run, but that depletes your stamina which you better save for hunting. At least the map is not too big.It's a good atmospheric game which you can't really play more than half an hour at a time since it gets boring. But you come back to it next day anyway. Get it on sale. If you even remotely care about gameplay, it's not worth the full price."
76561198073802520,Recommended,275100,30438003,Posted: 10 March,all,Artist Formerly Known as Dat Boi,played through this and am crying my eyes out presently
,Recommended,275100,30476953,Posted: 12 March,all,mad mango,"a very relaxing game. don' expect to much action, because while you spend a lot of time hunting the whole story has a really tranquil mood to it. the music is excellent but the regular mode  doesn't last very long and personally I would have loved it if you could interact with your cubs a bit more beyond calling them to you and carrying one with your mouth (let me love my children dammit)I haven't tried survival mode yet so I might edit this review later although I don't think it will change my overall opinion on this gameaddendum:i just wanted them all to survive. the first time one starved, okaythen on got eaten by a bunch of wolves, unexpected but it was alot of wolvesafter that on got eaten by a fox who I thought I had effed up but apparently notfinally i was so close, had offed a oppurtiunistic eagle, they were adults and almost on their wayand then SUDDENDLY THE FOREST WAS ON FIRE LIKE WHAT  and  of course one didnt make it out, it was always the red ones that died too ಠ_ಠat least no one died via cloud of doom"
,Recommended,275100,22112374,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,PsychoticBird,"I highly reccomend this game, It's been an enjoyable experience to say the least. Art and graphic style is unique and beautiful with a nice story it certainly messed with my emotions many times, I just keep going back to it. Only thing I find a problem is the occasional bug when jumping onto or down things. This game certainly teaches you somthing about the world."
76561198125500221,Recommended,275100,14841811,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Cynder,"Recommend this to anyone, doesnt matter if your into Fps still fun."
76561198084612442,Recommended,275100,17597593,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,IronCladManiac,"I highly recommend this game, after only a few minutes I was totally engaged with the game and that little family became my own. The game's enviroment was challenging yet not overly difficult, and the world itself looked amazing. Truly an awesome game."
,Recommended,275100,14843476,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,xShadowsaur,"This is just a short recommendation, not a full-on review.In a phrase: Heartbreak Simulator 2015Slightly more extensive: This is a great simulation of being a bobcat mother slaughtering dozens upon dozens of rabbits to feed your offspring and trying to figure out how to not kill them. I am still very much new to the game but the open-world design is a great experience so when things happen (like a mudslide) it feels very organic. I can imagine the audience for this game is small, but for those who like it they'll love it. My main gripes is the lack of direction as to what to do exactly (But, to its credit, that is point and things are rather intuitive) and the slightly-wonky camera controls (there's no real excuse for this)"
,Recommended,275100,14846487,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,SmutnýBrad,"After playing the game for a bit I still found it very fun, but nowhere close to shelter 1. The lynx change was a cool idea but you becoming the ""Top Predator"" beside a wolf or two kinda ruins the great magic shelter 1 had. I would get this game when on sale."
76561198162642123,Recommended,275100,15042759,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,ShyWolfGamer,"Honestly, this is exactly what I had hoped for and more from this game.  Sure it's a bit laggy at times, but it's rare and the gameplay more tham makes up for it.  It's terrifying yet beautiful watching your own babies grow up beside you.  Every single sound send me reeling, ready for danger and prey alike.  It's one of the few games that can build you up and tear you down just as quickly.  It ends up being a stunning, emotional game.  It's amazing."
,Recommended,275100,30454513,Posted: 11 March,all,^4JB^7L^1ZR,"This was beautiful, long live Inna."
,Recommended,275100,19275692,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,crowcandy,i have always wanted to be a lynx mom now my dreams have come trudank 10/10
76561198165414737,Recommended,275100,19505845,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Mae,beautiful love it here is a hibt pick one cub u love the most and carry it arounnd and protect ut the ebest so u at leat wont lose ur fav cub
,Recommended,275100,20575203,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Lord Danzig,"After playing only 3ish hrs of Bunny Massacre Simulator 2016 I feel in love with the patchwork world presented in this game. However I did find it incredibly easy to master and much past that I found the game a little repetative with no real sense of danger. Then I found the Mountains DLC... I read the words ""Bears and Birds of Prey"" and it sold it to me.I am now 5hrs into the game and I can say it has 200% improved the feel of the game. There is a sense of danger at every turn... I now patrol around my kittens when they feed after having them swooped away by Eagles or stolen by Foxes. I have yet to encounter the bears properly as when I see them I run to the hills screaming. I do however now seek shelter during thunderstorms to hide from the wroth of whatever evil patchwork god decided to smite my kittens and set fire to them..."
76561198170102673,Recommended,275100,27604737,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,icyleopard9,"Overall, this game is amazing! Here is what i think:Good:*Graphics are outstanding!*Music is beautiful*Animation is nice!*Storyline is A+*The ability to play as one of your past cubs*All of the hidden items you can find around the map (Feathers, sticks)Bad:*You can eat and drink just like your cubs, even though the only reason you are hunting is to keep your cubs alive.I don't understand."
,Recommended,275100,29111645,Posted: 8 January,all,tsukikyabi,Really beautiful game with a wondoerful soundtrack and pretty graphics. Definetly worth the money!
76561198111805606,Recommended,275100,29048788,Posted: 5 January,all,Bellala,"Such a good game overall! The stunning soundtrack and unique scenery create a very beautiful atmosphere and the simple but at the same time ""not to easy"" gameplay complete the game perfectly. Totally recommend playing it!"
,Recommended,275100,27423454,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tiffashy,I cried when my cub got taken by wolves and I cried more when the survivors grew up.11/10 will cry over imaginary animals again.
,Recommended,275100,28810036,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,• Kianna •,"I can find no fault in this game and would recommend to all my friends. It is just so beautiful and stunning to play as a lynx.The camera can be annoying at first but you can get used to it and thanks to settings you can adjust it the way you want. The only control problem i've had was when my lynx ran in the opposite direction to the fox taking my baby away, due to the camera angle.. A lesson learned and a baby saved in the next generation though!You can keep the generation tree going or start over with a new tree, you also get the choice to choose how harsh you would like the predators to be against your mother lynx and her family. That is what made my game play feel a tad more real with feeding, protecting and bringing up the cubs.P.S Really bad at reviews but I just had to share what i felt when i played this game"
,Recommended,275100,16346042,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Silver,"This game really caught me by surprise. Even though I'd played the first Shelter and loved it, this game really stepped it up with the emotions I felt while playing. I felt such genuine concern and love and tons of maternal feelings for my four cubs, and it broke my heart that only one of them made it to adulthood.Still, it's an absolutely wonderful and emotional game."
,Recommended,275100,27891640,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ragonfana,"This game is fantastic. The graphics are stunning and very interesting; the gameplay, though sometimes repetitive and monotonous, is well structured and can be quite immersive at times; the game's premise is interesting and most definitely a tearjerker; and, last but not least, the game holds great replay value through the family tree aspect. Shelter 2 is a very well made and thought out game.Nominated: ""I'm not crying, there's something in my eye"""
,Recommended,275100,29415387,Posted: 21 January,all,THE DOG and Friends,"Quite a beautiful game, I say. I highly reccomend it for the one seeking outstanding artwork, well-made story, and the more underrated side of games. One might just say, ""Oh. It's another cat simulator like the ones on the appstore. Good to know."" I say ""Beauty. Games at it's finest."" If you want to make a great game, this is a game to grab your notepad and take notes with. But since I am reviewing this, let's go over pros and cons.Pros:-Unique origami-like surrondings.-Quite a good soundtrack.-Appeals to the nature-lovers and cat-freaks.-Great storyline.-It's hard to see your cubs go.-It's hunt or be hunted; don't always spend time exploring.Cons:-The camera is too hard to control.-It's a little too short; if you think 2 hours is 15 minutes anyways.-Since the art's unique graphic design, it may be hard for some people to tell the difference between a tree and a bush.Overall a great experience. Never regretted the 58.8 hours me (and Gavin) spent time into. 9/10."
,Recommended,275100,26930671,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Thicc Loli Dragons,"This game is the most emotional roller coaster I've ever been on. Lost my first cub to a wolf pack, it's absolutely traumatizing. If you can get this game on sale, it's absolutely worth it, just for the immersive artwork and soundtrack."
76561198203831283,Recommended,275100,20997970,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Crybxby,I love this game and can play it over and over again I feel like im in THE WORLD if shelter. You get so attached to your cubs that yo dont even want to leave the home area because you worry they may die!!!10/10
,Recommended,275100,14818621,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Daedric,Traveling with my cubs...White cub james collapses from starvation...Frantically run down a rabbit...Turn to go back to James....James died....ToT NOOOOOOOOO
,Recommended,275100,16582700,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,ENDr@in,"When one of my year-old cubbies died  of starvation, my heart was broken.When another teen-aged cub was devoured by wolfs, I was happy they took only one and not me, as (with luck) I can see to survival of the last two.When they grew up enough to hunt for themselves, I was relieved, as I got one headache less.When they became mature and left me for their own wild lives, my heart was broken again.This is a story of how I have become a Mother Lynx.10 meowing cubbies of 10."
,Recommended,275100,16712156,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Spo0kzilla,"Shelter 2, just like the first is an incredibly made game. This one is not linear like the first, you explore, hunt, and hide from wolves. I have not finished this game yet, but I know after your cubs make it to adulthood, you start over with another generation. I have already lost two of my cubs to a pack of wolves. I will not lose my others.They're adding a Mountain DLC (Not sure if it is going to be free or now) sometime this summer. Which is going to include Eagles, Foxes and Polar Bears. I am so excited!"
,Recommended,275100,16565324,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,TOXI_,I honestly don't know what to write.But let me tell you one thing about this game: It's very good.over 9000/10
,Recommended,275100,14972604,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Sir Firmly Von Timpleton,"This game was a beautiful and lovely game. Never knew i was gonna love this game so much as i do now. The biomes and the 3D art is good togheter! Its like creeme and chocolate! Though this game made me cry a bit for some times.One time my little cub nearly died and my heart was going crazy and i felt i needed to do something, i needed to feed him but i couldnt find any deers or rabbits. So i was running around with a heart on 1000 beats per second until i finnaly found a rabbit so i bringed it back to my little boy/girl and it survived!If this is like to be a mom or dad im gonna have a lot of heartbeating!10/10 though!"
76561198025858442,Recommended,275100,17683278,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,[FDC2] Shamanic Wolf,"An enjoyable experience if you want to get away from the common shooter based games dominating the market recently. Excellent soundtrack, and freedom to wander around once the main goal of the game is complete. However, as it stands it does get repetitive if played multiple times and feels slightly shorter compared to the first. 8/10 Looking forward to new content and any sequels."
76561198256888621,Recommended,275100,32949802,Posted: 28 June,all,Neon,Cute game.
76561198371574161,Recommended,275100,32839741,Posted: 26 June,all,Doodlezlikeaboss,"Beautiful play-through, thorough life of a lynx. I enjoy how it is so well-made.. The only thing I don't like are the little glitches here and there. And, I don't really like the ""darkness bubble/storm""... What's it for? Is there like, predators?Anyhow, this is a beautifully made game. I love the ending. I'm on my third generation at the moment. This game is AMAZING!<3 it!~Doodlez"
76561198234334636,Recommended,275100,32890052,Posted: 27 June,all,_Mock`Create_,Its just such a Beautiful game. It'll make you feel Calm as well as anxious which is a beautiful experience when mixed with the game's Ambience.The music fits the atmosphere and the Artstye is unique. Overall a Fun short game. <3
76561198125287941,Recommended,275100,33156653,Posted: 2 July,all,Mushu,Beautiful art style combined with some compelling gameplay that can calm the mind for a little while.
,Recommended,275100,15267389,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,✨ A s h l e y,"I reccomend this game.It's a very beautiful game. Nice Story, taking care of baby lynxes, different maps, different seasons, and different animals.There's Deer, Rabbits, and possibly the animal that makes the game sad is the Wolves.But if your careful enough, you will probably be ok. And hopefully none of your babies die. It's sad ;(But it is a very great game :)"
76561198142072136,Recommended,275100,33447038,Posted: 10 July,all,SaphiretheWhiteTiger,The lynx are very cute. I managed to get to an average family tree. I haven't got to the snow zone yet. I dont think i want to tho. The game is challenging but usually after your first couple tries it gets easier and easier.Also the baby lynx are clumbsy when it comes to you running or hunting
,Recommended,275100,30306320,Posted: 3 March,all,Fae Avalonia,"It's a beautiful game with wonderful art design, pleasant gameplay, and a soft and almost eerily peaceful atmossphere. It's challenging enough to play through multiple times (especially if you're a completionist), and it's still possible to get emotionally invested despite the lack of any prominent plot or storytelling."
76561198041630289,Recommended,275100,33800244,Posted: 25 July,all,(°◇°),"its really relaxing, until floods and other natural disasters scare you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. the soundtrack is beautiful and the little babies are soo cute, and i love the fact that you can play as your babies and make a huge family tree. hunting is really satisfying. however, it can be hard to find the motivation to re-play it."
,Recommended,275100,26307552,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Fregatidae,"Started gameNamed kittens Lenin, Stalin, Marx and Mao> Communist kittensWild fox appears out of nowhere and snatches up Lenin> Filthy capitalist foxChased down capitalist fox, killed him, got Lenin back and fed the fox to my KittensIt's a glorious day for communism."
76561198101985141,Recommended,275100,17723452,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,OnyxWolf,"Sure this games graphics don't look like the HD textures people are used to in games, but the graphics work beatifully with the game also its so heart breaking when one of the cubs die. But in general i would recommend this game to people who like Cat and lynx's because both are amazing creatures in this world. :energysword:"
76561198173467795,Recommended,275100,20230977,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,cjfreeza,"My kids wanted a game about Cats. I didn't. So randomly by chance I found this one while looking for survival sandbox games. I didn't look at anything apart from a couple of pictures and decided what do i have to lose other than the odd 10$ on sale.Story : You an endangered Lynx, repopulate the world or die trying. Make sure to eat an eagle along the way.Graphics are amazing. Everything looks like it was taken right out of a childrens book with Next gen draw distance and effects, The gameplay is just as good if not better. Being a lynx in this is like the real deal. Truly Fun 10/10Cons : Fire, flooding, eagles stealing your babies, wolves stealing your babies, getting lost, starving (has not happened on my watch yet but im dreading the day it happens)Bottom line is that I would pay full price for Shelter 2 and DLC again if I had to. Stalking deer and eating the very eagle that tried to steal my cubs got a 10/10 and i have yet to finish or even get close to making my Lynx family tree larger."
76561198302680141,Recommended,275100,35249309,Posted: 27 September,all,~Blue Moon~,"I have to say, this game is incredible!But for such a short game its sad........"
76561198128015759,Recommended,275100,22334647,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,jakob,i hope that you have to play as bird in shelter 3that'd be nicei've enjoyd shelter 1 and 2hope there will come a shelter 3
,Recommended,275100,21508083,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,jackknox,the mix of amazing graphics and stunning detail will leave you begging for more
76561198136695630,Recommended,275100,21819993,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,staph,"- Open game- Select wrong language accidentaly- exit game- do it again, but now choosing english- Start the game- The panic attacks from the wolves in the very start- Get kits, name them- Try and gather food- One of them dies from hunger- Go on an adventure- Wolves kill one yer kits- Get depressed- Two of your cubs survive to and grow bigger.- Another one dies from wolves- The other one almost dies from hunger- Wonder aimessly- An sad song starts at the autumn, and ye can't run. Yer only surviving cub leaves you, remembering what a horrible parent you were for letting 3 of your cubs die.- Find an ANOTHER mate and live happily ever after- Exit game- Scratch yer head- start the game again.= Good game"
,Recommended,275100,14818663,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Shades,"This is a very beautiful game, not very long nor complicated, but an adoreable play through. The litters of Lynx kits are randomly colored, I had played through 2 generations making 3 kits survive both times, tho I have not played the first game, but I had to get this because kitties, and well for the price it is well worth it, i played it for 3 hours made it through 2 times and enjoyed both plays, the sounds are adoreable if your a cat lover you can't help but go 'aww', id definately reccomend this game for someone looking for somthing simple, pretty and cute, and any cat lover really.Adoreable game!"
,Recommended,275100,14820451,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,EgN | Sibblet,"This game was absolutely amazing to play, the music was sweet and matched every aspect of the game.One issue i found out though is that when i traveled to an area and then back,two of my cubs died! Now im not sure if it was for a different reason or if it was some kind of bug but if that gets fixed it'd be 10/10 for me. Even though two of my cubs died from traveling from a place i still carried on. The cutscenes were adorable, the cub sounds could use a little bit of work! But other than that i rate it 8/10 for now until some things are worked on and bugs are fixed!I hope this helped other people!"
76561198049419309,Recommended,275100,14836058,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,SpeedyElephant,"First of all, let me say I love both Shelter 1 & 2.  I'm critical because I care.TL;DR: Leaves a fair amount to be desired, but is still quite satisfying if you enjoy nature, art, and getting attatched to virtual lynxes.I appreciate the open environment (as opposed to the linear setting of Shelter 1) but I think it could have been executed better.  There's no explanation for the symbols representing the different places, no incentive to go there, and the worst part (for me) is that if I've put in the effort to explore far away, then I've got to walk all the way back to see the end of the game, putting me off from wanting to explore in a future playthrough.  It didn't feel like there was really all that much to DO, either, and the collectables feel especially pointless.  The game still has its fair share of bugs too.  It's frustrating when my cubs start refusing food for no reason, and I once had trouble crossing the lake because every cub but one was stuck in the ground.  Shelter 1 just felt more satsifying somehow, even though there weren't as many options.  I liked being able to pick the cubs up, but didn't really find a use apart from moving dying ones to a slightly better location, which was hardly ever needed.  Now this last complaint isn't really so much of a flaw in the game as much as a pet peeve.  I thought maybe Shelter, of all games, would get this right, and I was a bit disappointed when I found that it didn't.  As far as I can remember, wolves do not bark and howl while trying to kill something (neither do bears, tigers, etc make noise when hunting either). But maybe I'm wrong.  It's been a while.Anyway.  The pros: Killing deer was quite fun, and every time I entered a new environment I had to pause to take in its beauty.  I enjoyed seeing the animals move so realistically, just like I've seen real cats move.  I loved the changing of the seasons.  The in-pain and dying sounds the cubs make are appropriately heart-wrenching, and I was legitimately sad whenever I lost one (RIP Carver, David, SP, and Skye).  The soundtrack was quite nice as well, and I do want to say that I'm (SPOILERS) very happy to have a happy ending this time.  I want to reiterate: This game is beautiful.6/10"
,Recommended,275100,23189210,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Auzaren,"If you yearn for the feeling of survival deep in the wilderness, and of the connection a mother has to her cubs even though they can never speak to each other, then this game will give you both.It IS, however, very short. It is best played in one run through. My first generation was complete in an hour and a half. There is an incredibly satisfying beginning and end, with plenty of incentive to continue on over again. While I completed a generation, I maybe only explored half of the world, all with my cubs at my side. Once that is done, (maybe 4-5 hours tops), I imagine the game will sit and gather dust in my library.I got it on sale, if you've got a few bucks to spare and it's on sale I would absolutely reccomend diving in. But it is like a story, and as such, the repeatability only goes so far."
,Recommended,275100,23206174,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,The Amazing Ostrich,"Am I the only one who stopped playing this after you for some reason lose one of your cubs? That♥♥♥♥♥♥literally broke my heart. Which is why I love it, despite the fact that I haven't played it since may."
,Recommended,275100,30494268,Posted: 13 March,all,アザサナ,"It's a really nice game, not worth the price though. Refunded and probably buying a key for cheap.EDIT: I rebought it, is pretty good !!!"
,Recommended,275100,27353379,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Soushimi,I thought this was a cute and fun game until my babies started dying and then I never opened the game ever again.
,Recommended,275100,33361931,Posted: 7 July,all,unimpressedclub,<333
,Recommended,275100,27159186,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Duckling Chief ✮B> prof objector,"Some people think they can mock this, maybe... maybe"
,Not Recommended,275100,34375427,Posted: 20 August,all,Ratscuttle,"I really enjoyed the first Shelter game - it was a fun little 'Sunday afternoon' game, playable in under a couple of hours and I really enjoyed the aesthetic, soundtrack and story/theme. I was really looking forward to the second game but sadly it left me disappointed.I felt full of anticipaion to be back in the 'Shelter' world. I was riveted at the start, once again thoroughly  enjoying the quirky style, distictive soundtrack and the 'aww!' factor as I met my four cubs. Once we got out into the big wide world however, the shine began to wear off.My first hangup was with the controls - I found them clunkier in this game than in the original. I often found myself wishing for a speed in-between walking and running just for getting about a bit more easily, but without careering off too fast, as I found a lynx at full tilt was a lot harder to control than the badger of Shelter 1.I often found when hunting that once the chase reached cover, I'd suddenly have a bunch of bushes and trees blocking my view and no matter which direction I swung the camera the damn things would keep popping in and out and I'd lose my prey. I disliked the way lynx skids to a stop after running and the wierd, blury 'speed' lines that distort the screen when you run - ugh! I also found it a bit of a pain that the 'B' button doubled as both 'lynx vision' and feeding, often finding nothing happened or I'd get the opposite action to the one I wanted when pressed.I didn't understand the point of the ledges you can jump up onto until I'd finished the game and read that apparently they were for escaping wolves? The game didn't make this clear, and this is another big point where it falls down for me - instuctions and guidance are far too minimalist, so that you often wonder what the heck you're meant to be doing. I also discovered near the end of the game that apparently you can drink from rivers which would have been handy to know, but the game didn't present this until I'd accidentally wandered too close to the water's edge (I'd stayed away up until then, presuming that the lynx, as big cats, would hate water too!)The first game offered a much more linear path, but this one is free-roaming, so I spent the majority of it wondering where the heck I was meant to be going and wandering purposelessly through the areas, bar hunting, until my cubs grew up and left and I realised that was the sum of it. A large chunk of my 2hr playthrough was faffing about around the mountains in autumn, stuck at a seemingly dead end and trying to retrace my route to backtrack aaaallll the way to the den until suddenly, luckily, winter arrived and the lake froze over so I could reach the other side. This was where my patience really began to run out with Shelter 2.This also means that it's fairly random what perils you will encounter along the way which in theory sounds great - very much like the natural world! - however I was 'lucky' enough to only encounter one major threat, and the rest of the time was just wandering about feeding my cubs to adulthood which was, quite honestly, boring. The emotional attatchment to my badger cubs and sense of danger was much greater in the first game because we faced a much greater range of threats, even if they were already lined up for us in somewhat of an order. Again, I understand the free-roaming aspect in this game makes it much more random, but given my personal  gameplay experience I'd have much preferred a more linear 'storyline' like the first game with more challenges to face so I actually felt some sense of achievement on completion instead of 'eh'.The one threat I did encounter - wolves, up in the mountains - came onto us just after I'd caught a rabbit resulting in a full-tilt chase while desperately trying to drop the damn thing (again, awkward controls!) I wound up stopping to try and get rid of THE BLOODY RABBIT, swung the camera around expecting to see the wolves spring on us...only to be faced with my lynx cubs standing about and the wolves just standing behind them....odd. In an attempt to defend my cubs/make something happen I leapt at the nearest wolf, the screen faded out and returned with one cub apparently having been killed by the wolves. All in all, kind of anticlimatic.I also saw other examples of strange animal A.I. on my travels including one adolescent cub that wouldn't stop running on the spot and most hilariously of all, rabbits that just slid away instead of running.The soundtrack is, once again, beautiful and I'm just sorry it seemed a lot more sparse in this game and also that accessing the map would just cut it dead to be replaced the an wierd 'mysterious' noise - this really helped kill some of the atmosphere for me. Fading the music into the background whilst the map or collection screen was consulted then back to full volume once the game was resumed would have been much more pleasant, in my opinion.As for the collectables, I never bothered with them. I didn't realise what they were at first, somewhat overwhelmed by 2 pages worth of strange unexplained symbols and once I'd encountered a few and the penny dropped, I decided there was no way I was going to bother to find all the bloody things. Some collectables are fine, but honestly it felt like a really cheap way to try and pad out a sparse game.The aesthetic was one of the things that really drew me to and helped me enjoy the first game, and I mostly enjoyed them again in this game except for winter, which became very bleak and dull very quickly...I know that's kinda how winter is meant to be, but the Spring/Summer/Autumn is where this strange spartan texture techniquet really shines.To conclude my long review, I wouldn't recommend Shelter 2. I picked it up for a ridiculously cheap price during a sale (I later double-dipped on the 2-game bundle in another sale to get the beautiful soundtracks for both games and the mountains DLC, since I was taken by the music) so I'm by no means grieved by the money I spent on it, but I really don't feel it's worth it's full price. If you must play it, wait for a sale, but don't expect great things."
76561198127604386,Recommended,275100,22402427,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,❤  CGamerWolfy ❤,I love the artwork in this game! I am about to get the Mountain part of Shelter..and can't wait to explore it! I would recommend this to anyone who is an animal lover such as myself. :)
,Recommended,275100,33164977,Posted: 2 July,all,Aaron Oldenburg,"This is a beautiful game.  There is something about the art style and audio that makes the environment feel genuinely wild.  I lost all of my children at the beginning of the game and wasn't sure whether or not to continue to the end or start over, but after just seeing the ending, I'm glad I continued.A criticism would be that it was just too easy to lose track of my kids as I was hunting for food.  I can smell the location of prey when I press C, but not my own children?  And at some point in the game you're not entirely sure what you are playing towards as far as ending, and end up simply trying to uncover the rest of the map and travel to new areas until the ending happens.It was worth it, though... honestly just played as a walking simulator it's a worthwhile experience."
76561198182276075,Recommended,275100,25120305,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Lynxsage,"Simply amazing, i got it since it first came out, i lost most my cubs apart from one in my first playthrough, i explored everywhere, sure there's lots of rabbit hunting, but this is time sped up, so of course you need enough rabbits for their life time if time speeds up, hunger does as well. worst part was when they left me... to grow up and repeat the cycle.(ps. how to have a safe haven for your cubs1 get shelter 22 get shelter 2 mountains DLC3 turn off mountain dlc in settings (mounatins still there)4 go play shelter 2 and go straight to the mountains (fog included)5 no dangers at all, only lots of food.)"
,Recommended,275100,14809462,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,C,"This game is good and bad i'll explain, when you do something over and over again it gets a bit tiresome and thats what this game does. It's fun for a few hours but once you have done alot of the stuff it gets rather tiresome. For thoughs who like amazing looking games and fun to pick up and play, this is the game for you! i'll give it a 7/10"
,Not Recommended,275100,25528447,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Kryyss,"Ever wonder what a Pac-Men game would have been like had it been invented for only the first time last year? It would be an open-world environment where you'd run around eating glowing pills. But given that things are more complex these days, the developers may add a hunger-bar which slowly depletes over time. Maybe they'd add a sprint button to let you chase pills which dash off in some random direction as you got close. So here's a question for potential buyers of Shelter 2: Do you like Pac-Man? If so, you'll love this game because its a 3D Pac-Man game but without the Power-Pills.To say the game is shallow is like saying a sheet is paper is a bit flat. I literally spent 80 minutes expecting things to improve. But then it dawned on me that the point of the game is to just catch food.. over and over. Just like Pac-Man. I have to wonder, what exactly the devs were drinking when they thought that this was a game? I've played the so-called 'walking simulators' and even the worst ones were more interesting than this! So glad I picked this up on Summer Sale but it was still a huge waste of money. How on earth this is a sequel I'll never understand because I can't imagine the original title was any different. And also, why call it Shelter at all when the 'shelter' actually plays only a minor role in the game. Did they think they'd lose sales if they accurately named it Bunny-Chase Simulator?"
76561197962774626,Not Recommended,275100,14822168,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,UrkiN,"The game cost me €13.49 and I played it for 4 hours before I finished the game. It would've been cheaper to go to an Internet café to play it, and it's not worth it. It was really cool to run around as a Lynx and catch animals and so but there was not a whole lot else you could do that was any fun. I think the camera angle was quite bad and the ability to adjust it wasn't much of an ability. I would like to be able to see out of the Lynx's eyes for example. But more than anything, this game needs more variety, gaining experience, fighting touch animals, being chased, controlling a wolf pack, or something. Not collecting collectables that doesn't mean anything."
76561198067392220,Recommended,275100,15160937,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Button,"You can see from the amount of time I've played this game, that I love it. I genuinely can't get enough of the world. The map is really expansive, full of secret coves and new interesting places to explore. I thought I'd seen everything when I checked each area of the map, but then searching for collectibles, I realized just how much was left waiting for me.Pros ---The music is gorgeous-The map is satisfyingly large-The navigation system is functional-hunting is fun-great storytellingCons ---For some, maybe only good for one playthrough-Lack of challenge once you get good at hunting (EDIT - Remedied with Hard Mode!)-Same 4 cubs everytime. Considering you get to name them, different coat patterns would be wonderful!Note: This game takes the same storytelling style and artistic bend as Shelter, but it's not a chapter by chapter sort of story, more than it is an open world 'explore and appreciate' kind of game.For me, though, it's one of my favorite games. Really, just one of the most beautiful things I've ever played. Even for the 2 hours it takes to beat the first time, it's absolutely worth the price."
,Not Recommended,275100,28911738,Posted: 1 January,all,pihlaja,"One of those games you wanted to love but just can't. It's pretty, cute and the idea is great, but the gameplay is seriously awful. No feedback of anything (for example if your cubs are starving or doing just perfect), no idea of what you should do, where to go or anything. There are some threats, and you try to stay away from those, and eventually you notice you've lost a cub or two – only if I knew why.Apparently you could also gather some artifacts, and it seems I accidentally did found some of those, but I still don't know when and where that happened because I DIDN'T SEE THEM. Which brings my mind that if your cub gets too hungry and doesn't want to walk anymore, it's nearly impossible to find it again, even if you brought food for it... So nope, I don't recommend it."
,Recommended,275100,23207226,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,The Z,"Beautiful game. Serene music and art style. Love the untraditional story telling. Short play time, but worth it for the experience. Highly recommend."
76561198280294755,Recommended,275100,30344108,Posted: 5 March,all,awompa,"AMAZING! As a fan of the shelter series, this is my favourite game yet <3"
,Not Recommended,275100,32342432,Posted: 11 June,all,Ajwme,"There really ain't much to do in this game, granted the atmostphere and art is pretty."
,Not Recommended,275100,32335108,Posted: 10 June,all,mlenart000,Game was very repetitive.  Ending one generation was more than enough for me.
76561198322045555,Recommended,275100,32540031,Posted: 18 June,all,Ice Cream,interesting!
,Recommended,275100,20114322,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,ZombSmi,"Other reviews put a bit too much emotion into what this game really is.No doubt, it's different and relaxing. And in the end it is really sadHowever it's short and figuring out the mechanics is frustrating. When a cub was starting to die I felt less sadness and more frustration because if you don't play it correctly the cubs most certainly will be pining for your attention often.If you can help it you should opt to play this game in a focused environment where you can 100% immerse and devote yourself to creating the world to suite you. If the game was longer, with more content, and better controls the replay value would up tremendously.All in all, it's a roleplay game. If you can get it discount you should grab it. The art style is lovely."
,Recommended,275100,14818652,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,midgear,"In a word I would call this game, excellent. I found myself growing an attachment to all my pups, that in itself is hard to do, and if one dies it's heartbreaking. At one point one of my pups was crying out to me in hunger and I was running a rabbit I just caught over to her to revive her and she died right before I could get to her. There has only been a handful of moments in games that made me shed a tear and this was one of them.This is not your standard AAA title, if you are looking to do something more then just barely surviving then this is not the game for you, but if you are looking for a truly unique game play experience give this a try!On a side note there are some bugs in the game and I found it annoying but not enough to take me want to quit, and with time I think they will all get ironed out."
,Recommended,275100,17305771,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,"ayyyo it's me, soup",10/10;_;
,Not Recommended,275100,29465342,Posted: 24 January,all,Valk,"I really think this game is beautiful, but kinda hard to play and evolve in it. The hunting and food spawn is pretty random and sometimes you can't feed you cubs because you shifted areas for long and still havent found food. Plus, the hunt view should let you activate or deactivate it, and it would help much more to hunt with so many bushes or snow in your face burning your eyes and in one blink letting you lose your prey... But it is still a good game, very nice. Other thing that could be useful is the cub location in the M map, I must be a terrible mom but I keep losing the sight of my cubs and I always miss the starving ones when hunting for them. 7/10 + good idea, good music and graphics. - hunt difficulties, cubs starve fast and no save point?"
76561198345966495,Recommended,275100,31106879,Posted: 12 April,all,Trovbl,"I love the shelter two game, the graphics are good, the animations are okay. it is a good game if you want to be a lynx and help you cubs grow up."
76561198319690188,Recommended,275100,28617608,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,lexiflower33,*decides to play this game**plays**runs from wolves**screams because kittens**feeds kittens**takes kittens on an adventure**5 minutes later one of my kittens got lost**cires**3 minutes later another kitten got lost**cires**finds it again**is happy*10/10 better love story then twilight
,Not Recommended,275100,28803637,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Gerack,"You walk around with the cubs following you. Run into rabits yo hunt them, jump into deers to hunt them and... that's it. This is a running simulator, albeit a beautiful one. I'd like to recomend this game, cause it's really beautiful, and I think it has potential. Unfortunately, it's too simple, and gets repetitive really soon. You don't have to find all collective items nor expand your family tree to see all the game has to offer; you'll see it in the first 30 minutes. The game, even with it's wonderful art, is just boring, and I cannot recomend a boring game."
76561198187870182,Recommended,275100,21988080,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Chopperman,"It took me 2 generations to risk leaving the starting tree area, and about 3 more to risk going into the wolf territory, 2 generations later and no cubs dead yet. (several panic attack inducing close calls though) I'm finally going to try survival mode on my 7th generation!  This game is absolutley amazing, the art style is fantastic and although I've seen so many cubs come and go I'm still attached to each and every baby!(If I put their name like this, *name*, they were the mother, if it is like thisnamethey sadly died.)My first cubs were of course by *Inna* :)Kir, Solda, Bova, *Vavi*Flame, *Vivi*, Snow, JuinorUjurak, Toklo, *Kallik*, Lusa*Sun*, Earth, Star, MoonFox, *Deer*, Hawk, BearPeach, Silent, *Virtue*, CocoaGummy, Time, Heart, *Luna* (pray that they all survive survival mode)EditI'm now on my 13th generation and still going strong!  I have decided to take a break from raising cubs and am on a mission to get all the collectables!  Here are my other cubs. ^_^Sol, Alpha, *Stella*, Pluto,Shanks, Law,Viola, *Robyn*Magma, *Cinder*, Cloud, Ash*Fauna*, Flora, Dove, WolfTyga, Fahd, Leo, *Toleco*Autumn,Spring, Winter, SummerStill loving this beuatiful game, and most certainly will be getting Meadow once it comes out. ♥"
,Recommended,275100,22261890,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,ValCorvo,"A nice upgrade from the first Shelter game. I definitely enjoyed my time playing this game. I completely understand how the collectibles and exploration would compel most to play through it multiple times, but I don't find the gameplay to be enough to get me to do another run-through. Still worth playing at least once though, and if you DO consider the replay value, then I would say this game is worth the price."
,Recommended,275100,21910247,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,TigerTurtle,"I love the family tree menu like thing, it makes me miss kiwi even more (She died) But I love that you can become them and live out their story, I also recondmend to play with the controls to where it's comforable to play, I know I had to, and boy did it help.Hehe.Although it's repetive I LOVE IT NOTHING WILL CHANGE THAT!Bai! ^.^"
76561198041865216,Not Recommended,275100,28676484,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Storm,"A great concept, but not completed.  This just wasn't a very fun or complete game in my mind.  You run around and you chase rabbits and mice and that's really about it.  There's not a whole lot else to it that I was able to see.  I was surprised the reviews were as high as they were given that the game is not that great."
,Not Recommended,275100,28848330,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Medicanica,"I was very surprised after starting this game to find out it was very different from its predecessor. I expected an enhanced, possibly longer game with a more complex story similar to Shelter. However, unlike the previous installment, this game has no real objective or destination. You're simply killing time while feeding your cubs. There appears to be some exploration possible but there isn't incentive to as far as I can tell (aside from the view). The controls feel more stiff and unwieldy for some reason, which was also unexpected from a sequel especially considering hunting is your main preoccupation now. I simply feel like I have nothing to do in this game. The little it has to offer I already experienced in the previous game.While I would recommend Shelter any day, Shelter 2 doesn't get my approval."
,Not Recommended,275100,14818468,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,The Cotton Candy of the Jungle,"This is currently more of a 'first impression' review, but I will say from my small amount of time playing that this game isn't for everyone.If you enjoyed the original Shelter because you liked the pressure of trying to keep your cubs alive despite the threat of predators, environmental dangers, and the ever looming threat of starvation, you will possibly not enjoy Shelter 2. Because Shelter 2 is not that sort of game, it is very much an open world sandbox.There aren't any levels that you are guided along through; the 'zones' are open, and really the only things to motivate you to roam around are to look for collectibles and for a change of scenery. The areas do change depending on the season, but the seasons seem to flit by so quickly that it can be a bit disorientating; one minute the ground is covered in deep snow, the next everything is green again. Some zones also seem to be more difficult than others to survive in; some have less game to hunt and can result in starvation of your cubs. But these areas are also entirely optional to go to unless you are really into getting all of the collectibles.Having to protect your young is still a thing-- sort of. They can die from predators, though it doesn't seem like wolves are especially common; some people have reported not running into them in a playthrough at all outside of the initial tutorial level, and at most, twice. They can also of course die of starvation, which is a different ordeal than it was in the original Shelter. Hunting is what will get you enough food to feed your cubs, though there do seem to be some ground items you can eat (I think one I came across was bird eggs? frog spawn? something?), you will mostly be chasing rabbits, frogs, and deer.However, one thing to keep in mind is that in this game you do not feel nearly as 'helpless' as you may have in Shelter 1, which I feel detracts from the feeling of being connected with the cubs you are taking care of. Sure this game does add the cute feature of being able to name your precious fuzzy kittens, but these babies have fangs and claws that they will eventually start to use on their own, as after they have grown a bit they will even start hunting small game on their own. And because you spend the whole game essentially killing everything in sight except for the big bad wolves. you don't feel nearly as helpless as a parent. There is no looming threat of a swooping eagle in the sky, and wolves can be run away from without too much difficulty, if they even bother to show up in your playthrough.There are also just some technical problems that can be annoying. When you get close to prey your lynx crouches down, and there will be a little jarring 'alarm' sound along with a marker over the prey's head if it starts to suspect you are there. However this crouch isn't at all controllable and just feels really pointless and awkward, the sound and notification is unreliable and hard to hear/see, and you will just end up accidentally startling your prey into running off anyway. So you just spend most of your time just sprinting at your prey and hoping you will get a kill off on it. Most prey of course moves faster than you do in a straight line, so you have to try to maneuver around to get them. This can be incredibly annoying, as the controls are not really especially receptive, and you will often end up making turns that are too wide and either running circles around your prey and never getting close enough to kill it until it eventually just despawns, or getting disoriented and confused and just giving up on the chase.The game's art style, while incredibly beautiful, can also be a pain in the butt. Small prey and even your cubs can be incredibly hard to see as they just blend in with the texture of the ground. And while the game does offer a special 'lynx vision' that shows prey in red that you can activate by right clicking, this special vision can only be activated while you are standing still, and is useless when you are actually trying to track and chase something.So would I recommend this game? It's hard to say really, and I wish their was a 'Maybe' button to click instead of just a Yes or a No. I personally think I will play it again in the future and give it some more time, but I am the sort of person that finds 'walking simulator' games like Eidolon to be soothing, and tends to like casual artsy games.So I suppose will say that if you want to get this because you enjoyed how the levels in Shelter 1 presented some bit of challenge and tension, you will not find that in this game, and you will not enjoy it. If you just want to settle in, name some kittens, and wander around some pretty scenery looking for things while killing rabbits for a while, you might enjoy this quite a bit. If you're on the fence about it, I would wait until it inevitably goes on sale at some point in the future, even if it is a year or so down the line. You aren't really missing out much by not getting it while it is brand new."
76561198024897709,Recommended,275100,29034790,Posted: 5 January,all,HeavyMetal_WhiteTurtle,"10/10, would feel like a mother again."
,Recommended,275100,23609119,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,norppanen,"*lynx cub dies*Me: ""Yeah! Less mouths to feed!""This game taught me I would be a terrible mother."
,Recommended,275100,24107984,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Hanzo Shimada,Amazing
,Recommended,275100,25610694,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Andy Dandy,terrifying but so much fun. I'm constantly worried about my children and I love hunting and exploring. the dlc is a great addition too
76561198024689294,Not Recommended,275100,32328825,Posted: 10 June,all,BloodRaven,"I went in expecting a wildlife sim. I was expecting predators I could potentially fight off or hide from, prey I could stalk and ambush, and cubs I could hide while I went after prey in deangerous areas. As far as I can tell, none of that is possible. It's nice looking but completely unrealistic and shallow. You walk around, hoping to not stumble upon something that will kill a kit (since you can do nothing to stop it) then make mad dashes at fast prey that can literally see you through rocks hoping you catch something before someone starves to death. This is an annoying walking sim mashed up with an unrealistic wildlife sim and it's just not fun."
76561198161396032,Not Recommended,275100,30461391,Posted: 11 March,all,Impulsive Egg,"As lovely and unique as the game is, it would be a lot more helpful if there were a save option. I've heard it autosaves after each level but since it's an open world game it's hard for me to figure out when I've reached the next level. I understand that the next level is reached when the seasons change, but they're subtle changes, which makes it confusing. I would not recommend until you can save manually."
76561198118837218,Not Recommended,275100,24641850,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,crystalcleargrl,Very cute game. Fun to catch the prey and travel around. Very confusing because you really do not know what you are doing. Very short. I expected it to be way more dangerous for surviving such as predators but there is just you and prey. Not great for the price
,Recommended,275100,14812287,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,DaDrunkenVingman,"I love the shelter 2, alot of improvment from shelter 1 and it's such a big open world.You get connected with your kids and that strengthens your will to make the kids survive.100/10"
76561198211978957,Not Recommended,275100,23205036,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Lizz,"I feel like this game is lacking in a lot of areas. There isn't a lot of instruction given on how to play the game. Two of my cubs were carried off by hawks, one disappeared and the other just colapsed, even though it was being fed constantly. It was very basic and there's no actual winning scenario. Wander around... hunt... hunt... and hunt. I feel like this game has a lot of potential but for now it's pretty basic and boring."
76561198208819452,Recommended,275100,14872517,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,nightingale12321,I recommend this gameThey need to make a shelter3
,Recommended,275100,26087580,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,DarkAbyssSoul ☂,"Adorable Kitty's ^,^With Life And Death. >:(You Get Attachted To You're Cubs, And Wolves Kill Them. :(Hard Life As A Lynx.MEW ^-^"
,Not Recommended,275100,16046325,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Lurk,"I don't recommend this game at full price, only get it on sale. It is rather incomplete, glitchy and short game where they make you pay for the rest of the content via the mountain DLC. If main game gets more content it should become worth full price.Long version pasted below and pros below that.The maps are not large and ""expansive"", there's only 3.There's not many natural disasters and they're not very dangerous (I let the mudslide go over me, nothing happened no kittens lost. At minimum it should knock you out and take a kitten)Night time is NOT dangerous, not hiding at night seems to have no problems - I've not once had to take shelter nadda zilch there is no mandatory reason to take shelter unless you're talking about jumping onto a rock for the single wolf attackThere's no fires like shelter 1 even though there are fire textures in the game filesThe wolves are only in one map and they're not very dangerous - you jump on a rock and they go away...or they steal your deer kill and go away and that's the only time you'll see them.There's not really any other dangers in gameThe much talked about jumping is non-existent. There's very little jumping opportunities outside of tundra croppings to get away from wolves (""new jump features"" sounded like I'd be able to jump things but all you can really jump on is the preset rock outcroppings. Nothing else, you'll just glitch off any other rock)There's no climbingThere's not much variety in prey - rabbit, deer, bird, frog, ratthingYour mum is invincible - she doesn't need feeding or wateringThe cubs don't actually need watering eitherThe biggest risk to their survival is me forgetting to feed them because I'm trying to take a picture of the tree textures,There's no ""raising or strengthening"" of the cubs going on AT ALL - they just follow you around and you feed them, but how much or little you feed them doesn't change anything beyond dead or not,For a game out of early access I keep getting the weirdest glitches like falling through the ground, or doing a headstand in spot or one amusing time I recorded with the video - on my back flipping back and forth back and forth back and forth.The family bloodlines I've not really noticed any change in patternwise but they're slightly darker than the mum. That's it. The fancy family tree bloodlines and the only change is the saturation of the colour. If that's the only change, I don't see the point.Something was mentioned about preferred patterns showing up more often but I've not seen anythingOverall each generation is quite short and quickly grown up and gone before I really get attached to them. It's a promising beginning but overall the whole feel of the game is ""unfinished"" and ""small"".tl;dr If I had known all of this beforehand I wouldn't have paid full price for the game. There's not enough content to warrant it, the shortness of each generation prevents any emotional connection and the achievements cannot be completed due to the items spawning outside of the allowed locations.Maybe if the DLC was a free content pack, but as it is not - it's a pricey $7AU to add on to an even pricer $20AU game - not worth the money, get it on sale for $5-10 but not full price.I regret buying it and I wish I had known all of this so I could spend my money on something more satisfying. Heavily disappointed as it is a cute game with lovely textures, but it's not the survival-raising-cubs-family-tree-game that was advertised.:(PROS:The design is great, it's artsy and has cute music. I love the textures and pattern designs, I wish there was an ingame zoom to properly admire the textures. The cubs and rabbits are cute, as are the deer.Collectables are VERY WELL HIDDEN dear lord. Also very cute caves here and there, I wish there were more caves and tunnels in the game. The weather system is very promising although I do wish you actually came to harm when a MUDSLIDE goes over you.The mods are very responsive to your questions and bug reports.I really like the sun going down and experiencing night time, but this is only in the tundra and not the other maps which is weird.The deer migrate and alert each other.The credit scene is gorgeous.Could use more skins though, only got 4 variations of each colour.Would love recommendation for more animal raising survival games that have content and replayability. As it is, this game is still lacking in quite a bit of content.Most of my hours is collectable hunting because I was determined to become the first, or one of the first, to get all achievements. Success."
,Not Recommended,275100,30495556,Posted: 13 March,all,Spooky GregMag,I little more info and more instructions on wtf you're actually supposed to be doing would be really helpful. Especially for first timers.
,Recommended,275100,30694302,Posted: 23 March,all,FallLynx,"Well, I have much to say about this gameits, yes very fun and recommended but I have some pros, and cons about the game.Pros1.) You can hunt in a vast open world.2.) You can play as your cubs after your first world is done.3.) You can name your cubs.4.) Lots of worlds to explore and hunt in.Cons1.) your cubs are the same colors as the last.2.) They dont update it anymore. (Im not 100% sure but I have not seen a update in a while)3.) Some times the dangers are not even dangers, wolves just jump on a platform and your fine, The Lonsome Fog, just keep running and pick up a cub if there scared, forest fires, find some water to run to, and when you lose a cub your sad for a few seconds then you go off and hunt.This is why i have mixed feelings of the game, If you are offended about what I said then well Im not gonna change my feelings about the game because your mad at it."
,Recommended,275100,14953177,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,ZiggySwag,"dIS GAME BE 2 DANK FOR ♥♥♥♥♥S TO PLAY, You play as some MAD ♥♥♥♥♥ jumpin rabbits n ♥♥♥♥♥. GETTING THAT TAIL. CRAZY♥♥♥♥♥♥B TRIPPIN ON MY CUBZ TO. TRYIN to snatch my BABIES i tell em heeeeeeel naw get off my babys they b my niggs fo loife man. craxzy eagles jumopin my cubs aint right maine. one flyuin ♥♥♥♥♥ almost capped ones ma baby asses. trps to 7/10. Dont go hard in this ♥♥♥♥♥ if a hoe just tripd ya. there b feels in THIS ♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198079114579,Not Recommended,275100,32333656,Posted: 10 June,all,HeywoodJablowmie,Makes me motion sick to play
,Not Recommended,275100,30404015,Posted: 8 March,all,claybub,"Ive played about 20 minutes of this, and decided the poor controls do not make this worth playing, it takes away from the experience.  Its a shame because the environments are really beautiful."
,Recommended,275100,14814268,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Shadow autism in the night,"Made me ""D'awwww"" multiple times.10/10"
76561198083386425,Not Recommended,275100,27347892,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,thedeadlysheep,"It had a nice atmosphere and nice art style and so on.I have absolutely no idea what all the other reviewers are talking about when they talk about a heartbreaking journey. They all have 1.5h just like I have. How am I supposed to build up a relationship with my cubs in a little less than 90 minutes? I didnt even get to know that the kids can die, because you appreantly have to be really bad at the (very few) game mechanics in this game for them to starve to death.The DLC LOOKS pretty nice, but charging 5 euros for things that SHOULD be in the normal game is pretty ♥♥♥♥ed up.I usually avoid refunding from indie studios, but with this game I dont even feel bad about it."
,Not Recommended,275100,27747377,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Csar,"Sadly the game has a bug that prevents it from being played on Linux with a 360 controller. I've read reports on the forum that the bug also affects Windows machines but haven't been able to confirm it.I want to like this game, but am unable to play past the first twenty seconds of it."
,Recommended,275100,14821276,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Drunken_Jedi,"Shelter 2 is a great but niche game, it really stands out from the generic yearly titles spewed out by the big publishers these days. It's the kind of game that makes me love indie developers. I haven't played Shelter, but I've always loved big cats (and the not so big!) so I thought I'd try it out.Graphicly it's nothing to shout about, low poly models and basic texturing. However, the games artistic approach is what sets it apart. Yeah it may not be Cry Engine 3 stuff, but that doesn't matter because it's patchwork style textures are really charming and I love them. Gameplay wise, it's a little repetitive and I feel that this is a real ""marmite"" game. Either you'll love it and have multiple playthroughs or you'll spend half an hour in it and then never play it again.The core of the game is raising your cubs from newborns to adulthood. You need to hunt, provide food to avert starvation and protect them from predators (wolves in this case) and any environmental hazards however I've yet to really meet any. This is where the game seems to fall short sometimes. On my first play through, I lost one cub to wolves which appeared out of nowhere. Second playthrough I didn't see any wolves at all, but lost two cubs to starvation. I don't know what the triggers are but it seems like wolves don't appear enough. In Shelter although it was more liner there were instances where you had to protect your family from forest fires but there doesn't seem to be anything like that here. I can't help but feel there are missed opportunities to introduce some more depth to the game than simply catching prey and avoiding wolf packs. Perhaps a menu to view your cubs progress in detail, it's easy to forget their names since you can't seem to view them after the initial ""birth scene"" in the den.However, in the grand scheme of things these are relatively minor details. The core game is solid, and while there are some performance issues here and there I haven't encountered any game breaking bugs. It's a great game for the price (under a tenner!) and it actually works on release, unlike some of the multi million dollar releases *cough* AC: Unity *cough*.Scores on my personal experience:Graphics: 4/5 - Lovely artistic style. Could do with slightly higher poly count and particle effects need optimising.Music: 5/5 - Lovely music, really it's a perfect match for this gameplay style.Gameplay 3.5/5 - Love it or hate it, solid core but could do with some added depth.Value 5/5 - Have spent far more for far inferior quality, excellent value for money!Overall, 4/5.For the money you're spending, you owe it to yourself to at least try this game if for no other reason that to support a great indie developer who I'm sure we'll see even higher quality games from in the future!"
76561198077266012,Not Recommended,275100,28672052,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Rural Dictionary,"DO NOT LISTEN to the positive reviews that say nothing more than ""my heart, made me cry etcetc""((Disclaimer: I have never played shelter (1)))As someone who has literally fallen in love with an obsolete , virtual box (aka companion cube) believe me when I say this was one of the least emotionally touching games I've ever encountered.Cons:THE ART - is a m e s s. Sure it looks good on the store page vids and pics, in fact that was one of the main reasons I bought it. However, when you actualy start playing you'll quickly discover wasn't deliberate choices the designers made but rather a lazy catastrophy (in my opinion, sorry if you're reading girls and guys on the team).THE GAMEPLAY - is nothing more than running into rabbits, waiting for the cubs to catch up so they don't get swooped by silent birds that come around every 5 minutes from different directions for no appearent reason, and when you finally pounce on that moose the cubs won't touch it. Are those wolves? I hear howling and dramatic music, but here I sit, waiting to be ambushed to no avail.THE EMOTIONAL CONNECTION: a lot of people bloated about this. Even though I was previously warned that the positive reviews are all BS, I didn't listen. In time, I was glad when two cups got snatched up so I wouldn't have to keep distributing food (bc only two can eat at a time ofc), waiting for their slow @sses, trying 1000x to pick them up etc etc etc. Like I said,  for me the graphics in-game began to look... not great at all. Hence, paired with the constant breaking of atmosphere as they flew over rivers and through rocks, the kits wern't cute or even likable at allREALISTIC ATTRIBUTES: none. nothing was realistic... rocks bounced. you became unconcious when in water despite Linx's being some of the best swimmers. the kits didn't even attempt independence. you escape from wolves by jumping despite wolves being excellent jumpers. idk if this was the same for everyone but mouse sensitivity was dropped down so low that the mothers head was moving a milicentre a minute. completely broke the atmosphere and ties into the whole ""I'm not emotionally connected to anything here"".ENGAGEMENT: repetitive. So many other reviews have already gone into this in depth so refer to them.CONCLUSION:This might be a better expirience for someone who has no knowledge of the related wildlife and behavious yada yada, but that person certainly isn't me and I was extremely disatisfied.I feel the creators just thought Wolf = cool type of dog. Linx = cool type of cat. Kittens = cute. == game!Maybe I was just expecting too much,  considering I was initially attracted by aesthetics and kittens. Wolf Quest is free and despite not having played it in years I'd definently reccommend over this."
76561198064110687,Not Recommended,275100,29053643,Posted: 5 January,all,Starrlynx,"Honestly, I was pretty underwhelmed by this game. I mean, I loved the art style, the music was nice, the kits are super adorable, I feel good when they make it to adolescence... and the game mechanics worked well but the actual gameplay/""plot"" felt very stale. I really want to love this game, I did... but the extremely basic goals and short length of the overall game makes it very difficult. Have kits, keep alive, watch grow, say goodbye, start over... with a different coat! Wowie. In a map you never leave too. It gets repetitive real quick.And I'm sorry, but with how small the game is, I'm not sure how I feel about DLC... idk, I might try it.I really wish ""recommending"" was optional...GAH! It's... just ok. Not sure the base game is worth $15... wait till it's on sale?Extra thoughts:I've basically played this exact same game 3 times before... maybe even more if I count my earliest recollection of a game where you play a baby rex(?) and try to survive. Wolf's Quest and Untamed: Life of a Cougar did the exact same thing: Find a mate, have the babehs, keep them alive, watch them grow and leave you, rinse and repeat.Wolf Quest and Untamed both have some weird, wonky mechanics and are pretty ugly to look at... but what I appreciated about those ""Mother and Young Survival Simulators"" is that you got to move around more in a much larger map and stakes were a lot higher. Wolf's prey fought back, ouch (memory on details is faded on this game.) The cougars had rival females to compete with, males that wanted to kill yer youngins, humans that hunt you relentlessly, more prey variety... basically there's just more going on. Oh and you can even level up stats! Also, I never encountered any wolves that apparently exist, though (snowflake place?)... I wouldn't risk my kits for it anyway. Imma good momma, dangit.If Untamed had the looks and mechanics of Shelter 2, that just might be the perfect ""Mother and Young Survival Simulator"" game!!! Right next to the first Shelter's very unique linear progression take on this... genre? Thing?Extra extra:Um, as a simulator, which it calls itself, it's fine, it works, it's cute.But... stepping aside from this type of game... I really want a better plot with non-anthro animals that doesn't involve simulation and realism as it's focus. It's kinda too easy and thusly: lazy! >_< Look at Lion King, Watership Down, that one movie with the dogs that escape a lab! All good plots with friggin animals as the focus, even had some realism. Boom."
76561198272455966,Recommended,275100,23229490,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Master_of_Chaos,Its a really great game
76561198275124671,Not Recommended,275100,26277107,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,shiNywreNch,"Crap design.Camera doesn't move with the mouse unless you move the mouse reeeaaall slow otherwise it seems to lose mouse-move events.The menus seem to be designed to load extremely slowly, like 2 whole seconds from one selection til the next, from clicking on 'Settings' til you get the next menu, and every other menu selection.  It's not lag (200-400 fps), it's just deliberate.Which all in all seems to give the the idea of a slow and relaxing game and yet the first thing they do is throw in a high-stress setting: wolfs howling and hunting you and trying to kill you.  Which they do with one hit.  You're supposed to find a den and when I thought I did, walked in and died. Was just a tree against some rock.The fastest way to go from dead to New Game is Alt-F4.  Otherwise you're left staring at a gray screen for who knows how long, I didn't wait around.  Most of my time was already spent waiting on menus and loading screens.First (and last) impression: Developers seem to think this is a relaxing, slow game and maybe it is, who knows.  All I saw was a animal running scared and dying over and over again."
,Recommended,275100,14874347,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Sam,"This game is beautiful. From the art style and graphics, to the way it pulls on your heartstrings to protect your young. This game is a great buy, though you need to be mentally read to suffer loss, otherwise you'll have difficulty playing it again."
,Recommended,275100,21157255,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Dj Khaled.Csmoney,"5 minutes into the game - seems okay , quite beaautiful10minutes into the game - hmm might be a little boring15minutes into the game - get heartbroken when your cubs dies20minutes into the game - cubs start growing bigger30minutes into the game - heart shatters when your cubs leave your side and go their separate waysIf you think its a boring game , probably is . But its worth the hours to feel it inside"
,Not Recommended,275100,26283931,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,my banner is as big as ur mom,"Was about to load into a new (unmarked) zone.Kits (I think) cry for help.Already transitioning into new zone and so can't go back to them immediately.Go back to previous zone, check on kits, all gone.Dance with male lynx in a lovely meadow.Credits Roll (unskippable of course)I lost the game apparently.10/10 Would not spend $3.75 on this again.10/10 Best 20 mins of gameplay."
,Recommended,275100,30402924,Posted: 8 March,all,Reach McReach,"it made me cry, short and sweet. 10/10"
,Recommended,275100,14820976,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Seph,I can only recommend this game.It's a little bit too short but the sounds and graphics are amazing...I felt sooooooo sad when I lost one of my three children :(
76561198033811495,Recommended,275100,14822062,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Spicy marmalade,This game is absolutely stunning
76561198121496370,Recommended,275100,14820507,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Chicagotronic,You get to go frog hunting with four precious lynx cups => 10/10
76561198097060893,Recommended,275100,14819490,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Mr.Jack,Great game in my playthrough one of my cubs name suna died.. the bad thing was that i didnt see her die.. a true piece of art
,Not Recommended,275100,16022998,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,MooMoro,"General Review:At first is interesting, carefree and visually appealing, then it gets really boring. The plot is nice and deep but once you get the way there's not much else to do than ""being a mother"".Pros:-The visuals are great-Very nice open generated biomes-""Sharp senses"" feature is really cool-Very challenging-The controls work fine even on keyboardCons:-Camera is a little sloppy-Your cubs die far too easily-Spotting your prey can be difficult because of the pixelated visual-There's not much to do after a while, the game gets boring-Collectibles are punyWhat could they do to make it better?-Make the swapping between sharp senses and normal senses more accurate-Fix some camera bugs-Add more examples of wild life-Add more missions-Add more things to do than feed your babies"
76561198168696065,Not Recommended,275100,15016838,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,alex.mntst,"I was debating between getting this or the original shelter. I have yet to play the first oneI was really looking forward to this game. I'm all about emotional storylines and unusual games. I read some good reviews and then a TON of negative reviews online and I went against my better judgment and gave the game a chance anyway.Yes, the game is really cute. The art is nice, nothing out of this world. The storyline is endearing. But literally all I did for an hour and a half was run around and eat rabbits. The gameplay is clunky at best, I had several issues with the point of view camera controls. Besides walking, running, and jumping, none of the controls are ever explained in the game. I never understood the use of the ""shelter"" in the tree. I took myself and my cubs there when it rained and when it snowed and thought I may have to get some sleep then I realized I didn't know how. Then I realized I never had to sleep, apparently? The art is confusing, your cubs and the your prey blend in a little too well with the ground and the backdrops. The 6th sense function that highlights prey, your cubs, and general location is useful but confusing as well. The symbols featured in the function are never defined. My first round of the game had me wondering what the hell the big tree symbol was. I lost two cubs within the first 15 minutes randomly. There is an energy meter for you, the main character, but not for your cubs so I found myself paranoid constantly feeding them without ever knowing whether it would be enough. I constantly wished for a lynx call control or some sort of unique meow that would bring the pack together. Honestly 99% of the time I was pretty much just frustrated.I understand the premise of the game and what it was trying to achieve but this game just feels plainly undone and is flat out confusing. Definitely not worth $15...Maybe $5, and honestly at this point not even that. I appreciate the uniqueness of the game but I just feel ripped off at this point, I hope the gameplay is updated with some sort of goals or I don't know something. Don't get this, at least not at this point."
,Not Recommended,275100,15233343,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,jconnor,"Enjoyed every minute of it. But that's the thing, only minutes.It was very fun but it needed more to it to be worth my money, i expected more :/"
76561197971747888,Recommended,275100,14826220,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,creideiki,"For background, I played and very much enjoyed the original Shelter.This is not very much like it.This is a short walking simulator with cats. It has the same beautiful art and music style as Shelter, but not much gameplay. Prey is plentiful and predators few. The only time I lost a cub was when it got stuck in level geometry and starved before I could notice and pick it up. This lack of challenge also makes the emotions the game tries to evoke a bit hollow. Also, the animation is a bit wonky sometimes, especially when walking along inclines.Still, if a slow-paced short contemplation of motherhood and nature, red in tooth and claw (the cubs have the most adorable bloody little muzzles after eating), seems like your thing, this game is probably for you. If you want life-or-death thrills, try being a badger mother in the original Shelter instead."
76561198253742956,Recommended,275100,23214838,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,LaboratoryCobra,"In the spirit of TL;DR I'll start with the conclusion: The game is beautifully done, I like concept and story, however the gameplay could be improved (introduction to the game and camera) and it is very short. While it is clearly designed to be played repeatedly (create a family tree, tons of collectables) this doesn't change the fact that the actual story is exceedingly limited. 7/10Design/Artistic:I adore the game's creative and somewhat abstract visual design. It makes both the animals as well as their surroundings look great while at the same time leaving something to the imagination. Very artistic and nice to look at. The soundtrack is beautiful too. It strongly conveys emotions (which often is a helpful or even the only clue to what is going on in the game) and at least for me never got boring to listen to. The creators clearly put a lot of effort into the artistic aspects of the game.Gameplay:Navigation and controls are fine however the game lacks an introduction. Since I had already read about that before playing it I took a quick look at the menu to find out about the default controls. Obviously many of them could not be used before the game bothered to introduce them - it is somewhat questionable though that the keys for pausing or leaving the game also don't work in the beginning. After the ""intro"" they suddenly do work, without being introduced. This really only affects a couple minutes so it's hardly a major issue, I merely found it puzzling.A much more notable downside in the gameplay is the camera. In some of the more stressful situations (fleeing predators) I got stuck in trees and the like a few time with the camera angle preventing me from seeing how to get out. That was slightly annoying.The other thing I'm not entirely happy with is the (lack of) introduction/explanation. Menus and explanation are very minimal, which in a way makes a lot of sense given that you're a lynx - but then again you are not, you just play one, for crying out loud! If I hadn't read a few reviews before playing I'm not sure I would have realized that you hunt just by tackling your prey face forward or that cubs are about to starve as soon as they lie down (= break down because they are so weak but that's just not apparent visually). On the upside: As soon as you've read this comment you know these things so they won't cause you any trouble.Story:The idea behind the game is just as simple as it is sweet. You start as a pregnant lynx trying to survive (flee predators, find shelter) and spend the remainder of the game as a mother lynx trying to keep her cubs alive. You go through the seasons until the cubs grow up and leave to live their own lifes. You can then start the game all over with either of the surviving cubs and expand the family tree.Translation:If the German translation is any indication stick to English if possible. A few times it was bad to the point of me not understanding what it was supposed to say. I switched to English asap and was happy with that.Overall I do like the game but I'm glad I didn't buy it full price since that feels a little steep to me considering how short the game is."
76561198066513413,Not Recommended,275100,20015611,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Twitch/TheRealEnlaa,"I played for about an hour and a half and, while the game is very beautiful and runs decently well, it just want fun, nor was it what I was expecting...The game just sort of throws you in without any real objective or overall goal. It shows you a few controls and then you're left to your own devices. The map makes no sense and the (what I assume is) the ""collection screen"" has absolutely no context or any reason WHY you're doing anything.Out of nowhere a giant sea of what the ♥♥♥♥ comes up and then one of my babies are dead? The game gives you no information outside of some audio queues. Plus, there's no way to interact directly with your babies besides feeding them and calling them to your side. Theres no time and no way to get attatched to these babies at all. When the first one died I really didn't feel anything because I hardly got to know it anyway!And from what I've played, it seems after your babies grow up, you just rinse and repeat? I guess thats the point, but I didn't find it very fun for very long. Plus, the audio often cut out for me randomly and I would have to reload the game to get it to play again.Speaking of loading, I got stuck between a log and a rock and re-loaded my game to get out of it. When I loaded back in, my three babies were gone and it was just me! I wandered around for a bit, called for my babies, but nothing happened. Nothing progressed. It doesn't seem like there's anything else to this game.Again, the art style and the music is awesome! But that's about all the good stuff I have to say about it."
,Recommended,275100,18187206,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Spookie NiggEE,"Real good game, worth the money the game is Amazing, it looks amazing I love everything about it"
76561197972254088,Not Recommended,275100,20451752,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Ninjakebab,"I have to say, I thought the game would be better based on the positive reviews. But I have to give it thumbs down.Pros:OpenChallengingCons:The origami-style graphics are just too much, for my liking. It's distracting, half an hour in the game i saw a wall of black-something washing over the river (fog maybe?) Things are a bit hard to make out.The game lacks depth in terms of progression and different elements. It's just catch animals, feed babies, keep going. The lack of instructions also work a bit against it, in terms of collectables and memory. Why does momma lynx have to collect trophies, leaves etc.?It gets very repetitive after an hour.Babies are way too hungry (or time progressing too quickly), caught 2 deer of which I only ate some of the 1st, crossed the lake, one baby died of starvation on the other side (after 10 min)."
76561198371623907,Not Recommended,275100,30635200,Posted: 20 March,all,penguinslide89,"I personally got this game on sale for about $1.50, which I think is a decent price for this game. It's definitely not worth the full $15, as you can beat the game very quickly. You can replay it as one of the cubs you raised to adulthood, but other than finding all of the collectibles, there's not much reason to, as you get the full experience after about 2 hours.That being said, the game itself is nice, with a decent challenge, beautiful graphics (although the framerate drops while hunting can be a pain), and a calming soundtrack. I was genuinely concerned for the safety of my cubs many times, and really wanted to be a good mom and raise as many cubs as I can to adulthood. It was also fun exploring the map and taking in the scenery, especially through the eyes of such a majestic animal. I do commend Might & Delight for choosing less popular animals for their games and avoiding the obvious choices, like wolves for example.There was one odd glitch I encountered however. I'm not sure how common it is, but shortly before my cubs left me, one of them just...died. He was well-fed (at least I think he was, it can be hard to tell how recently a cub ate something), no predators, just a disturbing yowl then he sunk through the floor. While not a glitch but still an issue, it was also not uncommon for a tutorial to pop up while I'm hunting to show certain actions, like how to pull up the map, which pauses the game and makes me lose my prey after closing it.It was difficult to choose whether I recommend this game, as I have a more neutral opinion on it. It's decent enough on its own, but its very visible flaws and short playing time make it worth much less than full price. If you really want to check it out, I suggest waiting until a mega 80% sale. Otherwise, you're not missing as much as you might think you are."
76561198153169918,Recommended,275100,18938138,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Coke-a-Cola,Best animal Simulation i've ever played!
,Recommended,275100,17718766,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,zebraducky,"This game is really cool, trying to micromanage your cubs is hard as hell.I only have 0.6 hours because I lost one of my cubs and I'm too scared to go check if its alive."
,Recommended,275100,29243771,Posted: 14 January,all,phl4rie,"1st run--cuteness overload when i saw the cubs-cuteness overload when i heard them mewling-then sadness when two of them die to starvation-then another gets K.Oed by a wolf-last one nearly died before i quit and resetI couldn't bear my babies dying2nd run and onwords-Actually finished the game and cried when they left me. The ending song broke my heart a bit :')No, I'm okay.You're the one crying."
76561198328605979,Recommended,275100,25660222,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,DramaQueen,:3 meow >:3
,Recommended,275100,22113493,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Sapphirress,Adorable
,Recommended,275100,18080281,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,💙👻Boo Ghosty👻💙,Its laggy but it good c: Its a good game if you love roleplaying as animals and seeing how animals view things.
,Recommended,275100,30375172,Posted: 7 March,all,6dwavenminer,"A very interesting game which can really tug at your heart strings if you let it, with a beautiful sountrack and a very interesting graphics style. That said this game isn't for everyone, as most of the time you are  slowly stalking upto, then quickly chasing down prey, and the control scheme could use a little work.In short, if you want a unique +2hour experience, here it is!"
,Recommended,275100,23206952,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Boom48,"This is a truly heart warming experience, it is beutiful"
76561198145074209,Recommended,275100,24421101,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Gunner,"I like this game, i just wish the developers hope to see the graphics improved dramaticly i know i just bought it and didn't read much into it sorry..Just saying my own personal opinion and i haven't yet gone after more then a rabbit but i hope ill see more violence and predators in this game. I'd also like to see male wolves fight for pack control once in a while perhapss on difficulty levels mite be a interesting take on the game if it doesn't already have it and to have them go after rival wolve packs too again if it has not yet been implemented but other then this i'd say i like it so far.."
76561198146158995,Recommended,275100,30916175,Posted: 2 April,all,JNZ,Beautiful game.
76561198055773118,Recommended,275100,22880004,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,The Cat Lord,Amazing game displaying the hardships of being a mama lynx.
,Recommended,275100,33325514,Posted: 6 July,all,Muskratman,i played this game for 5 or ten minutes until my kittens started following me. then i turned off the game because i couldnt bare to see any die. this game has a magnificent art style and soundtrack.
76561198385537621,Recommended,275100,33435166,Posted: 10 July,all,toramsv,"This game is awesome. I played Shelter 1 and Shelter 2 and I loved them. I don't have Paws but I think it's as good as the others. I played Meadow and it was awesome. Now I have a suggestion. If you're ever making a Shelter 3 (which you should if you don't want to feel my wrath!!! ;)  ), you shpuld make it about a mother fox that cares for her 3 (or 4) pups. And the fox could hunt voles, rabbits and birds, even steal cubs from lynxes!! (cough cough Shelter 2 Mountains DLC cough cough). And there could be an area (like the Snowflake area in Shelter 2) where you could be chased by hunters! (hunters with their dogs) And you'd escape from them by hiding in a tunnel/burrow (like how you could hide from eagles in Shelter 1.Anyways, those are just my ideas, you don't need to follow them (BUT YOU SHOULD). Really loved the Shelter games, and I feel like we should need a third part."
,Recommended,275100,14875247,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,DinoBoyJP,This is my first time playing thi type of game and for some reason I cannot find myself being able to stop. It is one of a kind and well worth everything. It has endless playability.
76561198013251616,Not Recommended,275100,33749435,Posted: 23 July,all,Kael Darkwind,tried it. played for about two hours. wasnt very impressed. pass.
76561198000266514,Recommended,275100,14968966,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Batootcat,This is a great game. It took me to the 4th generation before all my babies survived.
,Recommended,275100,25014148,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Emaxmagnus,"I've only played for an hourby the time of this reviewand i'm already giving this game anHUGE thumb up, If you've playedShelter 1(as i did)and if you've enjoyed that game(as i did)you willlovethe second chapterIn this second part there'smore freedomtcompared to the first one, the map isbiggerandyou don't necessarily have to follow a scripted path to end the game.Features likefaster movements, achievements and season changesgive the game a big replayability value.I personally enjoy the graphic style, but that's up to the player to like or not, overallit's a big improvement from Shelter 1, and the''omg the babies are so cute''factor is still strong.Porbably not worth 15 eurosif you 're not into the genre, i haven't tried the dlc yet but i will as soon as it gets discounted."
,Recommended,275100,17760653,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,LeBoost,THE WYNXES ARE TOOO CUTE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! BUY OR ELSE YOU HAVE NO SOUL D:<
,Recommended,275100,17795808,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Scheiße,"People say this is a casual game. I laugh at their faces with a hearty ""Hell No"". Why? Because you constantly have your heart pounding trying to take care of your cubs. One of mine stopped moving for a reason I couldn't figure out, it was mewing loudly, and I started to panic, I assumed it needed food. So I had to go find food nearby, then my other cubs stopped moving. A casual game shouldn't send you into such a frenzied state!10/10 though, it's a very fun game!"
76561198073831872,Recommended,275100,28392636,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,HoneyBee132,"I love this game so much,Shelter 2 is a VERY nice rp game you play as a mother lynx and you have to protect your babies! I suggest this for people who love animals! <3 I love this game.So I haven't seen ANY bugs or anything.Only one thing....it's sad when your babies leave you but,thats not a bug XP"
76561198380534160,Not Recommended,275100,34025241,Posted: 4 August,all,marliynbishop,Just wasnt the best
76561198065979117,Recommended,275100,17148486,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,SilverVoltage,Very fun game. I've never lost a cub :D
,Recommended,275100,18710965,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,das_dragoon,'Beautiful'
76561198097850480,Recommended,275100,17915962,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,BruhBR,"Excellent game. Stunning graphics. Just as good as the first one, but much more open world."
,Recommended,275100,24064085,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Alrick the Alpaca,"I like the game concept and maybe I'll get into it more as I play it more. I just find the controls really clunky. It is really hard to loe control of your lynx. Other than that, it's a beautiful game, the story itself is actually really touching. Raising your cubs to try and continue your family line. I do recommend it, but get it on sale."
,Recommended,275100,23947097,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Richi790,The only bad thing for me is the open world. But I recommend it
76561198074646948,Recommended,275100,23792828,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,LEFTY,"Gave birth to 4 baby lynxes , next day went hunting and forgot where my den was . Restarted the game , gave birth to 4 lynxes again . Went to hunt and managed to drown my♥♥♥♥♥while trying to catch a deer. One of my babies misteriously vanished , another one injured a leg and couldnt move . I couldnt help him , he died . Im such a terrible mother :((((((("
76561198257884840,Recommended,275100,24027160,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,SilverMoon5570,This game is super fun and takes you through the life of a mother lynx trying to raise her cubs. The artwork is absolutly stunning! It might be a little pricey for what it gives but is definitely a good game. 9/10
,Recommended,275100,15248661,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,AlexMoc,This game is amazing! You should buy it! Do it now!!!! 10/10
76561198168697726,Recommended,275100,14927867,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,VVCat,I recommend this game because it is endless explore and there are many dangers like starving and wolves around. Also if you like games that have to do with explore and a life or a animal i would recommend it. The game also has some parts that always repeat everytime you start another family. But other than that the game is very cool and intresting.
76561198020144608,Recommended,275100,26158366,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Clark Kent,gg
,Recommended,275100,14816511,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,benly,...10/10...
,Not Recommended,275100,15722495,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Mortem,Feels more like a visual experience then a game. Starts off good but as soon as it become free roam its just hunt and feed baby's.. Hunt and feed yourself..  CCan't recommend the game.. I litterly found it boring and the world diden't feel alive in a way i thought it would.
76561198131573605,Recommended,275100,14817225,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Ashen Games,GET THE GAME NOW
,Recommended,275100,29891293,Posted: 12 February,all,The Black Panther,bootiful
76561198033932698,Not Recommended,275100,28615187,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Nihiladrem,It's not a game. It's barely an art piece. I literally played the entire thing in 94 minutes. Step 1: Chase rabbit. Step 2: catch rabbit. Step 3: Drop rabbit. Step 4: Repeat for 90 minutes until the 'game' ends. Step 5: Alt-F4 to quit the unskippable credits and request refund.
76561198013384863,Not Recommended,275100,30602637,Posted: 18 March,all,TheAxer,"In short you buy this game for the visuals and the atmosphere. Which are pretty good.However the game is very short. 2 hours max. And even in this short amount of time the gameplay feels very repetitive.The achievements add some extra replay elements, but overall it is a pretty boring game.I bought it on sale for 2,50, which it is barely worth."
,Not Recommended,275100,23827600,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,SadieSaurus,"Whilst the game is visually very beautifu, it sadly just does not offer enough content/story to warrant its pricing. Once you have your kittens you just wander around killing rabbits (etc) until they grow and leave you. Then rinse repeat. I would recommend only buying the game on sale if you wish to play it."
,Not Recommended,275100,14885251,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,IRAN 84,"Is really a nice game for adults, and the game has potential to top.but i leked only 35%. because....-color of the wild cat is not different from other things. for example, of landscape/meadow grass or etc...-the graphic is very bad for the eyes, (although I play with Very High setting).-the intelligence(AI) of their own children is very poor.for example, they run into each other purely or if they want to drink then they go deep into river.-no in/out-zoom function!-very little animals in map.-Time flies too fast.-the other animals are boring to watch (only do the same).-no other wildlife and cat to see, sometimes come wolves and go quickly.-the map are loaded when I leave or change the area. is not fully open world, open word is without loading area!-the movement of the cat is not liquid(smooth).-no challenges!-the graphic is not up to date for the year 2015(should I get eyes cancer?)-a very short game, I have finished it by 25-60min.-small map.-I can not jump anywhere (represent only provided)-i can not use snse button while I run.-no physx effects.-no hunting tactics.#####And the worst is that game is at this time unplayable! in the first map where my house is, i have no problem with fps (only sometimes when I hunt). but if i go to other map snow or other then I get extreme problems with fps!(2-7fps)!!! This game is not alpha or beta, (my first system is with gtx980 and second system with amd7770) why than i must play with 2-7fps?I better go and play again ""Lion 1995 MSDOS"" with Dosbox XDpositive is only,+the good music+and the xbox 360/one controller supportI hope for improvements for next shelter 3! and please fix the fps!I want a game like Afrika-PS3(2009) with good graphic engine and without area-load-times! and i want to control lion/tiger or other animals, than I would spend on it more 40-70€"
,Not Recommended,275100,20224275,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Sheepish [LH],"This was not a bad game by any means as it is. However, it could have been much more. As it is you're tasked with raising 4 lynx kittens as super mommy lynx who has the ability to go ~9 months without any food at all, no need for drink, and resides in the land of endlessly respawning rabbits.I played survival mode out of the gate, I was worried a few times as my kittens fell over a few times starving...then another batch of rabbits spawn and back to easy mode. I expected the game to be much longer, having to catch a dozen rabbits a day for a couple days and eventually move onto bigger game as my little ones grew in both size and appetite. Maybe be set on by other predators maybe a bear trying to steal my kills, or wolves trying to steal my kittens. Perhaps dealing with other dangers such as harsh weather, humans who want my pelt, a wild fire....anything really to make the game more entertaining than chasing rabbits around in circles. Sadly I am disappointed.Roughly 2 hours and about 100 rabbits later the game ends and I have the option of charging off to the ending cutscene or gathering collectables(ugh).Now that I'm done with my sad thoughts...- The game has great music- The art style fits, its not the priettest or the most breathtaking I've seen. but its good- After my kittens grew up I did go exploring and took down a deer, that was fun....and tastyNow I bought this game expecting either a great story like To the Moon and worth as much as a AAA title. Or excellent gameplay that would last 15-20 hours. (usually I rate gameplay based games as being worth ~$1 per hour)The story of the game, while touching, doesn't make it worth what I payed for it in my opinion.I bought it at $7.49. While it wasn't a bad game, I did expect much more."
76561198080268954,Not Recommended,275100,25520109,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Smoky,"Well I liked the game as a whole, the art and music were beautiful, it ran well and the babies are so cute. Though I believe the difficulty needs to be increased. The only thing you need to be aware of is the hunger of your babies and keeping them away from water. I think mine kept getting swept away somehow by water though I never saw it happen, they just disapear if you get them too close to water. I was told there were wolves and predators but I have played 2 whole generations seeing no predators. All you really do is hunt continuously. I like how when the babies get older they help you hunt, that was adorable.So maybe if the game is still in development then the devs should increase the difficulty somehow without just making the babies hungrier. It's an amazing game, the gameplay is just lacking."
,Not Recommended,275100,14923212,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,WinterWendigo,"While the game is very beautiful and starting out it's quite interesting I'm sad to say I can not recommend this game. In the beginning when you're living through your first life the game is fun and exciting, but that quickly begins to wear off even with the progression of your initial storyline.My reasons are as follows.The game quickly looses my interest once the challenge of raising my cubs is gone, really all you're doing is hunting All the time and the only ""story"" progression is a little blip of text on the screen.While the startup of the game with the scripted wolf chase is occurring it's rather thrilling, it's telling a story, but that ambiance of excitement and the mystery of the guiding starlight really isn't present in the rest of the game. Not only that but if you run into wolves later on they don;t kill you, you get knocked out and then wake up as the wolves are leaving allowing you to just continue from where you were. There is no penalty of death, why don't the wolves kill me when I was passed out on the ground? It takes the wolf threat and throws it out the window.Overall there really isn't much to do, once your feline dies of age. You have the chance to play as one of your surviving cubs (all of which are female every time forever and are always the same four shades with each litter) then you do the same thing over again, the only difference being your colour.That's it, that's the game.Raise cubs, cubs leave, and during the whole thing you're collecting animal parts and plants for some reason.While the game is very beatifully stylized and the first few moments are fun it's not a game I can recommend as it's really not much fun after the first playthrough and even then it only lasts through the first part."
76561198062197497,Not Recommended,275100,14952938,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,gaben circulation,"The game is beautiful, but the lack of content and repetitive gameplay killed it. Disappointing consider the first game was really great."
76561198126402241,Not Recommended,275100,14894843,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,FFIN,OMG.  This game intrigued me but after playing for 20 minutes I felt really sick and naseus.  I want to return it and get a refund.
76561197965916889,Not Recommended,275100,19219001,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Dalyon,"Lovely music, very interesting choice of graphics, and such an adorable story to take care of your own cubs as an animal mother with plenty moments leaving me in my chair going ""Awww~"".But that's sadly where it ends. The gameplay revolves around seemingly non-stop hunting other animals to keep your cubs and yourself fed, occasionally running away from packs of wolves.While I totally buy that this is all that matters in the cruel wildlife, eat-and-dont-get-eaten, as a game it's just not enough.Good attempt, though."
,Not Recommended,275100,14996614,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Spam,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3U2Ek-C1RfMI think Shelter 2 is a great 'experience' but I don't think I could recommend it as a 'game'. It's got a very specific appeal that will please a very specific crowd. It's a massive improvement over the first game in every aspect, but I think the series still has room to improve on the gameplay elements before I would recommend it to the wider gaming auidence."
,Not Recommended,275100,15013920,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,blakdeth,"The unique premise and visual design of Shelter 2 is hamstrung by a lack of meaningful or challenging gameplay mechanics. There's not  enough here to justify more than a single playthrough, and even that isn't all that interesting."
76561198092087631,Not Recommended,275100,15554315,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,tapka,It's not as good as the first one. The mother lynx looks good; otherwise the game is very short (~2 hours) and pretty boring.
76561198173654303,Not Recommended,275100,31253281,Posted: 20 April,all,ElskaFox,Not good. I can't seem to get past the menu screen of the game due to some kind of glitch. Uninstalling and reinstalling the game does not help.
,Not Recommended,275100,14939126,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,GeminiShadowCat,"Don't get me wrong, the music, artistic style and the environment was great, but for me it just lacked something special that the previous game in the series had.Shelter 2 sees you as a Mother Lynx trying to survive through the elements and help sustain her cubs' lives as they grow up and learn to fend for themselves. You very briefly encounter predators, but the element of survival that sees you scraping teeth with life itself is the lack of (or the inability to catch) food.I was hoping for the game to be peaceful and calming, something to fit with the enviroment in all its glory, but was deeply disappointed with clunky controls, frustrating surivial tactics and of course the lack of direction. Just like the first one you're practically thrown into the game with only a few pictures to help guide you around, but this was so much harder to navigate around as it was very open world-based and there was no real objective.I would recommend this game if they manage to eventually fix bugs, etc. but as these problems outweigh the positive things, it's standing as it is."
76561198101135752,Not Recommended,275100,20766036,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,1Fish2Fish,"This game is extremely repetitive. The DLC seems a little boring. I have finished the game multiple times, and the only difference between different playthroughs  is the color of the Lynx's fur. I think that money would be better spent elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,275100,18588484,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,ˈfænsi,"I went into this expecting another Shelter which I adored, but I got an open world experience without much of a story and character building to enjoy :("
,Not Recommended,275100,33413262,Posted: 9 July,all,Loztrif,I found myself glitching inside a river within the first 20 minutes....no thank you!
76561198148558220,Not Recommended,275100,33414770,Posted: 9 July,all,Tamen,waste of time
76561198277792271,Recommended,275100,30910888,Posted: 2 April,all,TacoScience,"(=^･ω･^=)(=^･ω･^=)(=^･ω･^=)(=^･ω･^=)(=^･ω･^=)(=^･ω･^=)(=^･ω･^=)(=^･ω･^=)(=^･ω･^=)(=^･ω･^=)(=^･ω･^=)For one, YOU HAVE TO AGREE THE BABY IS ADOREABLE AS HELL!!!! Since i was a boy like most of us in the world, i never know the way of motherary-thing.Being the wolf mother was so fun especially when you can hunt down rabbit and other stuff for your baby.I just roam around and explore,but whenever i lost one of them wolf cubs or baby thingy i was so worry.... must be hard to be a mother... (=o-o=).(=^･ω･^=)(=^･ω･^=)(=^･ω･^=)(=^･ω･^=)(=^･ω･^=)(=^･ω･^=)(=^･ω･^=)(=^･ω･^=)(=^･ω･^=)(=^･ω･^=)(=^･ω･^=)"
,Not Recommended,275100,17719660,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,ElPasmo,"It's a beautiful game, but that's it. It's short, I reached the endgame in 90 minutes. It seems that you can only hunt a few kind of animals (rats, rabits, birds, ¿deers?).I hoped to feel like being hunted, there seems to be no predator that may kill you.Pace is ok, graphics are simple but wonderful, music is perfect, movement it's very accurate (when hunting the sensations are very... real I suppose). But it's too short and lacks a lots of content. Can't you be the prey?I don't think I can spend more than 6 hours in this game, and for 10€ It doesn't worth the money."
76561198015164398,Not Recommended,275100,17731279,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Harken,"4/10The sentimentality of Shelter 2 is heavy handed and shallow. You are supposed to care, you are supposed to feel, yet the game gives you no reason to do either. The cubs lack any personality, no way in which to separate one from another; aside from the random coloring of their coats they are cardboard cutouts which follow you around. The art direction is bland, as visually appealing as a three dollar painting hanging in some dull corporate office. The game play consists of chasing rabbits, this is a rabbit chasing simulator and the developers rely on you being as emotionally mature as a second grader to take this skeletal and lazy game seriously."
,Not Recommended,275100,20974498,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,SnowyPuzzle,This game is not so good. All I saw was my cubs starve to death and be eaten by wolves. 2/10.
,Recommended,275100,31066142,Posted: 10 April,all,thechemmakingcourier,Purdy dank game... See what i did there? No... Ok...
76561198134190094,Recommended,275100,22622738,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,cdr_cade,I played for 28 minutes and I LOVED IT
76561198354963970,Not Recommended,275100,33772715,Posted: 24 July,all,hcloset,when ever i get to the end where the wolves chase you i always get stuck at the end and i always have to reset my computer
76561198260513323,Recommended,275100,23206730,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,SenSen #Hype,great game!
76561198420781597,Not Recommended,275100,34907321,Posted: 12 September,all,rayzhu12,"Just bought this game and there is no plot at all. There is really nothing to do, and somehow within an hour I managed to beat the game because the credits started playing. Don't waste your money on this game!"
76561198052924460,Recommended,275100,24197721,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Dickmelting Savage,"This is a very cool, special kind of game with visuals and audio that will draw you deep into its simple world.  Let me say up front, that I've only played about 20 minutes.  Let me just clarify, (minor spoilers for the beginning of the game).I ran around and collected food for my lynx babies until they were strong enough to follow me around.  Then I spent another 10 minutes just keeping them well fed.  At this point I stopped playing, you see because in that elseworld where I'm a lynx, all my cubs are well fed and healthy, and life is good.  There are no threats, and plenty of prey to hunt.  In order to keep it that way, I'll never play again.For what it is, I give the game 10/10.-I can't face whatever emotionally traumatic threats might loom further into the game, so for me it is unplayable.  Remember 8th grade health class, when they make you take care of a robot baby for a day?  They should just make kids play Shelter 2 to learn about parenthood.  Or maybe use it as an empathy test for psychopaths."
,Not Recommended,275100,30498627,Posted: 13 March,all,wkd_wkd_jngl_msv,"I guess it was what I expected, wasn't for me though"
,Not Recommended,275100,35329195,Posted: 30 September,all,Anarchinine,"I personally love cats, and if there was one reason why I bought this game, it was the lynx. Beyond the cat and family, I hadn't expected much. I mean, it's a game about a cat's life after all. But it still leaves a lot to be desired.Graphics - This is one department where I was actually impressed. This is an indie game and most textures are -shall we say - borrowed and inspired. Yet the world is large, pretty and gives a sense of frolicking in the sun that I honestly wanted. Indeed, the game is more like a piece of abstract art coming to life in a very specific way. And it's well appreciated.Rating - 5/5Gameplay - This is a serious letdown. I honestly expected a larger range of things to do with my cubs. I mean, given that all you do is call them and ask them to stay or follow, I might as well have had some RC cars with me.Also, what's a game without some suspense. In my two hours of game not a single wolf appeared, not a single challenge to my leadership came, no rival cats appeared. Nothing. You simply move around, catch small prey and feed your cubs. Period.Moving from one area to another makes little sense. Maybe if it'd played I would have found other, more interesting areas. But I doubt they would have been that different.This may be fun for one cycle but that's it. No replay value at all.Rating - 1.5/5Plot - You raise your cubs while protecting and feeding them. They leave you and you begin anew. Period. Fun, but only for an hour or so.Rating - 1/1Characters - Meow! (Seriously that cat is damn cute, and the sounds are authentic as hell!)Rating - 5/5Conclusion - The game is pretty, gives a relaxed feeling and can be an entertaining onetime fun experience. But they made it too simple, with little risk and little to do. If there ever was a ""play once and throw game"" this is it.Rating -2/5"
,Not Recommended,275100,14888384,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,rottz,"This was my first regretted purchase ever on Steam, so I had to register it as a review (my 1st ever review also).I have a total play time of less than 2 hours (87 minutes), and in that short period I've had some bad moments which I wil try to remember and list them here:- The game crashed twice- The controls are horrible. I am controlling an agile Lynx, but the controls make it feel like Im driving a 30 ton, 10-axis truck. I died countless times trying to drink water, or trying to exit the lake border after drinking water (if you step into the water you die, for some bizarre reason)- The screen transitions are painfully slow- The interface tries to be minimalist, but it gives no clue on what to press on some occasions (for example when it shows you a new key combination)- The graphics are... weird. Some people may like them, I dont. Felt like I was playing 4D Boxing.- The map has some artificial blocked parts which are annoying. Like a very small rock that obviously you could jump above it, but it won't allow me to pass because it's marked internally as ""impassable"" or something.- There are no visual clues to know how hungry I am, or my cubs- I have no clue why I have won the game, I honestly tought I was almost losing it (all my cubs had died a while ago), then I changed to another part of the map, another lynx appeared (a male, I'd guess), then the credits started appearing (and the game crashed)To sum it up, it feels like an incomplete game. Hopefully after some updates it will become good.And to be honest it was somewhat my bad also because after seeing some screenshots I thought it was a ""Lion"" (by Sanctuary Woods, 1995) remake so I had high hopes, but it's far from that."
76561198064366948,Not Recommended,275100,29879570,Posted: 12 February,all,Inconvenient Truth,"It's a fine game with unique graphics and simple gameplay, but the game is far too buggy.  I tried playing it half a dozen times and the game just froze a few minutes after breaking into a sprint or trying to change the graphics."
76561198163486266,Recommended,275100,24287191,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,TerrariNerd,Best game i have ever played.-Started game-Saw adorable lynxs cubs- 3/4 of my cubs died-Cried-Started a new game and all of my cubs survived and thought i won-Realised there was a hard mode-All of my cubs died-Cried againAmazing game 10/10
,Not Recommended,275100,15026702,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,[F!] Aldershot,"Below you'll find a written and video impression on the gamehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gyRxFpF9AH0Shelter 2 put you in the role of a mother lynx doing her best to take care of her baby cubs. It features amazing aethetics and a great sound track. The concept is interesting and the visuals are great, but is that enough for a fun game?The visual design is something close to what you'll see in paper mache art. It's stylized and well conceptualized. It's a gorgeous game with a look that can inspire. The sound design is equally impressive. The SFX help immerse the player into the woodland environment and the music is very pleasant on the ears with it taking highs and lows as the situation requires it. From a purely aesthetic perspective, I have little to no complaints.When you jump into Shelter 2, you'll quickly discover it's not like most other survival games you've played, infact I wouldn't even call it a survival game. You don't have to feed yourself, theres no crafting, the only thing you have to be concerned about are your cubs. Chase rabbits and deer to keep them well fed and explore the landscape. It's pretty simple, maybe a little too simple. There's not really a huge amount of variety in the gameplay. You just run around catching prey and avoiding predators and other environmental dangers. You'll be doing this over and over again with out much else. It is fairly repetitive.There's also no real mechanical punishment for losing a cub either. The game wants the player to feel emotionally connected to your family and tries it's best to have the impact of losing a baby as the punishment itself, but I feel like it fails in this. Let's take the games Brothers a tale of 2 sons, or This War of Mine as examples of games that successfully instilled emotional responses from the player. In both of those games, when you lose some one both those games will communicate sorrow through visual cues, the characters will cry, show signs or remorse, etc. You'll get a tiny bit of that in shelter 2 as well, but because none of the cubs show any personality traits that separate them, it diminishes any potential emotions from the player. Also the 2 games I named as examples amplifies the intended emotional response from the player through mechanics as well. In Brothers, you literally lose half of your controls, in This War of Mine characters become unresponsive to your commands. In Shelter 2 it does nothing. In fact, if you lose a cub, the game actually (intentionally or not) rewards the player from a mechanics perspective. You still have your full abilities and control, and the game gets easier as there's less mouths to feed. Games aren't movies or books. You can't drive home emotional responses from the player simply through narrative or visual cues. It needs to be reflected in the mechanics as well, and Shelter 2 falls flat on this.Overall Shelter 2 is a gorgeous looking and sounding game with an interesting concept. Unfortunately it seems to forget that it's still a game and it needs to be fun. With repetitive and uninspired gameplay, mechanics that fail to instill the intended emotions. At best, Shelter 2 is an interactive experimental art piece, at worst, it's a boring game with mechanics that are simpler than games you'll find on web browsers or mobile.Pros:- Great looking aesthetics and sound design- Easy to pick upCons:- Fails as instilling the intended emotions- Extremely simple and repetitive gameplay- A far shot from being a ""survival"" game- limited content"
,Not Recommended,275100,30374551,Posted: 7 March,all,LameCelery,"This game is infuriating difficultI Do Not RecommendShelter 2.The controls are wonky at best.This game hasZERO DIRECTIONShelter 2 is not worth its price tag, and this game needs major fixes."
,Not Recommended,275100,14912082,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Pinksteady,"Lovely art style and a cool concept. Just felt unfinished. There's so much more they could do with it, and I don't know why they haven't and just released it as a sort of 'bare-bones' even though this is a sequel.I didn't really get much satisfaction from it. By the time my cubs had either died or left, i had only encountered 2 herds of non-rabbit animals, so hunting was a bit of a non-event for me. One cub died without me even knowing - so my Lynx can sense a rabbit from 100 yards but not the illness and death of its own cub? This also limited the emotional impact of the 'death'. Also the map is impossible to understand so you have no idea where you are. The camera angle is shallow so you can't really look around very well, and there are loads of bugs - my game crashed loads of times and animals would jump all over the place.I'd love to see them really expand on the content of this game. How about training, learning new skills, increasing in strength, speed etc.I'm going to mark this as 'not recommended' as I don't think the quality or content is up to scratch. It feels like an early access game but is not marked as such. However, it is a novel concept and I'll probably play through again just in case I have better luck, and I'm sure plenty will enjoy it."
76561197998724388,Not Recommended,275100,15273373,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Dr. Wiener Wagon,"I played and loved the first. It had purpose and felt like there was urgency to it. I prefer to write short reviews on games I did not enjoy, more as a brief warning than anything. This game is worth maybe 2.49$ on a deep sale. I snatched it up a week after getting the first on sale, so I unfortunately paid the pull price. I loved the first one so much though because it had the two components that I mentioned before. Maybe I had higher expectations because of that game, and it's brilliant ending. Alas I have given this a go, and realized it was more sandboxy (cool), and that nothing was really needing to be done (not cool) so that is where I left it. This game was not the journey I had hoped for, but I may give it another whirl in the future... since I did pay full price."
,Not Recommended,275100,15054985,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Twit,"This is my first review I""ve ever written--mainly because I was holding the game to a high standard built by Shelter 1, and was let down. BEWARE FROM THIS POINT, THERE MAY BE SPOILERS...(not that there's much to spoil).First of all, the art is beautiful. Just like the first one, there's that sense of graphic repetition that takes you into another world. If only the gameplay was as beautiful.There's a slight story here, sure. There's something about the end that I found satisfying. But to get to that point...It was, to put it blutnly, BORING. And it sucks to say this, because I ALWAYS want games like this to succeed. But it was boring, and there's really no excuse for it. What do you do? Hunt voles, rabbits, and deer. You can find the occasional eggs in an owl's tree. That's ALL YOU DO FOR THE WHOLE GAME. There's nothing complex to this at all.""But that's the beauty of it!"" Some might argue. Well, not me. If you're going to add a feature like hunting, then at least make it interesting.Would I recommend this game, ACTUALLY? I don't know. It depends on what you want to see. Do you want to look at something pretty and enjoy about 20 minutes worth of gameplay? Because that's about all I enjoyed. The rest of it was tedious and all I playing for was to see the end and the art.Anyway, sorry I had to be so harsh...hopefully this kind of feedback helps them to make a better game. I was expecting more of a survival aspect, but really, surviving isn't that hard, and it kind of just confused me when my cub lay down and I didn't even know it was gone. So I lost one of them. And unlike the first game, where I OBSESSIVELY played the levels over and over again to make SURE all my babies survived (because I was connected to them)...in this game, I just didn't care.Hope this helps in some way, and this is my two cents. Good luck on the next one :)"
,Not Recommended,275100,17717790,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Capt.Cliff,"Ive bin following this a while & just decided to purchase. Dissapointing to say - after playing about half hour, I started getting bored. Theres just not enuff actions to perform. With the graphics as they are, the gameplay should compensate but it dosnt. The concept of the games good but it really needs spicing up - a lot."
,Recommended,275100,14818648,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Foffman,Girls get all the fun. Boobs and motherhood.
76561197970665531,Not Recommended,275100,14852510,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Calhoun,"A very disappointing follow-up to Shelter, this game touts an open world system as compared to the linear levels of the badgers in the first game, but you might as well call it an empty world system. No predators attacking me or my cubs, never any real risk of starvation for them, and after you've killed a vole, a rabbit, and a deer... that's it. You're done. Repeat for two hours and you've seen all the game has to offer. I couldn't even manage more than a ""meh"" when my cubs finally grew up and ran off to do their own thing.There are oodles of random collectibles, but who plays a nature simulator to collect flowers and sticks? There's a strange murky darkness you encounter on certain points of the map, and ominous music accompanying it, but nothing ever happened when I tried to explore that dark area. Other than raising your cubs through infancy and ending the game, there isn't even a need for ""shelter"", as those are the only two times you'll see your den. Then you breed again? No. Thank you, but no. I'm bored, and I'm done. Finish developing the game, and I might try it again.This is very disappointing. The studio fumbled their way through development, tanked the brand they established with the first Shelter, and then charged CND $15.29 for what is essentially a tech demo.Aside from the graphics, for all the bars that Shelter set, Shelter 2 failed to meet any of them, much less surpass them. What a waste."
76561198066946237,Not Recommended,275100,34207239,Posted: 12 August,all,Lude,"I can tell this was obviously made by a small team that cared greatly about the game. However im still giving it a no simply because of two things. First is my opinion and second is factual. Firstly the games mechanics and tutorial are nothing short of clunky and awful its hard to understand where you are what youre doing and why youre doing it for 90% of the game. On top of that the dangers and risks in the game are very very difficult to be aware of or know what to do about them, such as the black blob of smoke and the wolves, both i was clueless were happening for the majority of their cycles. The other 10% is loosly tied together by just surviving and exploring different areas.Secondly the game time, I finished this game fully in under what feels like 2 hours, perhaps 3 tops. All four of my kit survived and i went to what I believe were most of the zones in game. A game worth $15 simply cannot be this short in my opinion. I've seen such great masterpieces worth the same price with literally 60 hours plus of content.. an example being Hollow Knight.For such a short amount of game time and so little things to do before this game frankly gets repititve even in its three hour time span I cannot recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,275100,31756169,Posted: 14 May,all,Punky Raggae Party,This game is more repetitive than today's music.
76561198226243980,Not Recommended,275100,28927181,Posted: 1 January,all,The Dude,"Was hoping for more to do in the game. I expected to be able to rest in my cave or have to fend off more predators, but I was disappointed. Not sure what I expected. As an adult you probably wont find much entertainment in this game. Maybe if you're a 7 year old girl you'll have fun playing this."
76561197992179195,Not Recommended,275100,14939955,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,unoti2,"It's a wonderful experience, and neat to look at.  After reading a bunch of the reviews, I knew I'd face the starvation of one or more of my kittens if I wasn't extra attentive.  So I worked my buns off and fed them very well, and then when one of them collapsed from apparent hunger, I was devastated.  I don't see how I could have done better, and the game didn't give me much guidance, feedback, or warning that it was about to happen.  I quit out of the game.  I won't be coming back. It's playing with my emotions in a careless, unfair way.  If I wanted that, I'd work at a crappy job or stay in a crappy marriage."
76561198159100933,Not Recommended,275100,15124265,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,m_allinson10,"Bought the game after reading the reviews, despite some negative thought it sounded fantastic.Finished it SOOO quick, didn't meet a single predator of any kind and just spent the whole thing killing rabbits (saw deer twice) as it stands wouldn't recommend at ALL for the price.If it was a $5 job maybe but not at $15"
,Not Recommended,275100,25928367,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,furtexcreations,"Hello, this is a beautiful game with beutiful graffics. But, all my cubs died, and now I can't start a new game, when I click new game it said WOULD YOU LIKE TO EXIT THE GAME? I clicked no, then I clicked continue and it took me to family tree?? I would like to a have some answers"
76561198236691784,Not Recommended,275100,16817804,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,yaruporfin,I dont recommend it because all you do is bascically care for cubs and stuff like that. I might refund this for the Sims 3 pets. It would actually be fun
76561198004585919,Not Recommended,275100,33336012,Posted: 7 July,all,sircrimsonfox,"I'm sure there are meetings held in brightly lit conference rooms which the phrase, ""We need some quick bucks. Who can we sucker into buying a bad game this week?"" and the answer this week was ""Animal Lovers"". As I installed this game I was just thinking, ""You know this is a wonderful idea. There needs to be more cute games with animals as the main characters. There is amazing technology. I just played the new Tomb Raider and it looks fantastic. This game should be great. Wilderness with awesome graphics and just being an animal!"" Wow I guess I was indeed the sucker from that previous meeting. Shelter 2 wants to be for animal lovers. It wants to be cute. It wants to be friendly. It wants to be a good game. And it wants to be poetic art. It fails on all counts. The look is horrendous. You run through the meadow and through the forest and the ground looks like hotel carpeting. You try to catch bunnies and fail. You luck into one and yay. Do you bond with your family? Not really. They mewl at you but you click a button and the rabbit drops out of your mouth and the kids attack it. Pixelatied blood spurts like THIS. *insert MOnty Python sounds* I never felt like the kids meant anything...and they should. That's the whole point after all. What I felt lacking in was actuyally succeeding in anything. But how can I succeed when there are no real goals. You wander around and eventually you run. THen you run out of juice and have to walk while your juicemeter fills back up (Just like in The Ship) but here there isn't anything to run from or to. Well to chase bunnies sure. And the exploring is worse. I wanted to check out the mountains with the forest. It was a long walk from my tree. THe forest looked even worse. different patterned hotel carpeting...maybe the bar area. It took so long and I found no forest food. And then somehow I hear my children dying one by one. I run back and no one is there. I finally sleep and the game ends. What? It didn't even let me continue my depressed existence. I didn't get a chance to jump off a cliff. Or Shag a nearby coyote and get all LooseLynx. Really I felt no bond with anything. There aren't even fur effects. The lynx is...meh not really that cute as we're staring at its but the whole time. Butts aren't cute! This game was badly in need of...well a game! And art...don't get me started...it takes more than college rock guitar/piano combo to be art. I could see where it was going...but if all your drama comes from your music then you have a problem. Oh yeah the camera is another horrible thing. It restricts and bends and gives you a fisheye lens of your surroundings. You can't even look around or even up. Thus it is pretty annoying when you try to get your bearings. Sure there's a map button and one nice thing is you can right click to get a pencil drawing of where your treehouse is. Oh okay THAT is where all my kids are dying. Cool."
76561198040015457,Not Recommended,275100,21262467,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,SaunterbluggetHampterfuppinshire,A little too short for the price
,Not Recommended,275100,14914865,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Traveller,"Fifteen minute review:Catching prey needs reflexes and a high frame rate.  I had a tough time here, things seemed choppy when I was moving too fast, and the camera control feels loose.  Not promising.I hate long tutorials.  This one was only twenty seconds long.  It should have been longer.  There is not nearly enough information displayed in the game, and considering it has a little bit of narration at the start, there's no excuse for not including more english to explain the game mechanics early on.  Why did I stop running?  My character isn't acting any differently.  Oh I guess that must be a stamina gauge or something tucked into the corner.  Why did the game suddenly go into a loading screen and then I heard my kittens making noise from a mile away?  Who the hell knows, I don't and the game isn't telling me.  Also I don't see a manual.The graphics are a distinctive artistic decision.  I like retro-ish graphics, I can get behind this modeling, the way trees move in the wind is interesting, I HATE the textures.  They are insanely distracting.  They look very specifically like when textures failed to load in games in the late 90s-early 00s and got garbage instead.  No thanks.  I'd prefer flat colors to this.I'm going to try getting into this later because the concept is 100% exactly what I want in a game right now, but it seems very frustrating.  I'm going to have to look up a gameplay guide online to have any fun here, and that's normally something I don't do."
76561197989410470,Not Recommended,275100,33755809,Posted: 23 July,all,ZombieHunter,No. Just no. Great while it lasted. But when you can get to the end before the Steam refund timer expires you know it is not worth the price. Got to the end of this in 90 minutes. Yep. 90 minutes.Basically a rabbit hunting simulator. Because that is all you have to do to keep your cubs safe. Nothing tried to kill me and nothing tried to chase me. Cubs die in about 8 minutes after eating a whole rabbit if they don't eat another one. Ridiculous.Great idea. Poor execution and not long enough. Game could be so much more if the devs would stop tring to be artsy fartsy or cutesy and just let us survive in a hostile world. Game did not 'touch my emotions' at all b/c it is a simple by the numbers type survival walking simulator.Game = wasted potential.
,Not Recommended,275100,29071488,Posted: 6 January,all,demonsariseatdawn,"The instructions are terrible, you have no idea what you are doing or what is going on.  It took me a while to figure out I lost one to hunger, and other then the fact that it just layed down I had no idea it was hungery. I thought it was tired and I had to get them back to shelter, nope dying of hunger. So far not a very good game, could be great with actual instructions on how to play and what cues mean what."
,Not Recommended,275100,14855172,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,noisyturtle,"I get that they are going for minimalism, but there is absolutely zero explanation on what your goals are in this game.  It's like every single thing is completely arbitrary without knowing what factors attribute to your survival. How much do you have you feed you kittens? How much do you need to eat? Does it affect your energy? How do you sleep? Do you even need to? What even is anything, and what is my motivation? For someone who has never played the first game it can be confusing and aggravating to have no sense of what to do.You don't need to be invasive to explain the bare minimum of letting the player know what the hell they are supposed to be doing. I don't understand what this game is supposed to be or what my goals are, so all I'm left with is frustration and a feeling that I wasted my money. I will give this game another shot sometime when I am in a more Zen mood and maybe it'll change my opinion, but for now I just cannot recommend this."
,Not Recommended,275100,35262625,Posted: 28 September,all,Lirantar,I don't like it.
76561198074313984,Not Recommended,275100,14831590,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,raedances,"I really want to enjoy this game, but it's doing an incredibly poor job of teaching me how to do that.So far, I've been explictly (and a bit heavy-handedly) taught how to sprint and jump, and I've mostly figured out how to ""hunt,"" but the game hasn't done much to demonstrate its mechanics to me.  Good games will at least tell you how to play them, while great games show you through natural examples. For the most part, this game has done neither.  While I've figured out that I can ""catch"" a rabbit by running into it, the game doesn't do anything to explain the finer points of hunting, and things like ""sneaking"" don't provide enough feedback to feel replicable. Did I sneak too close? Did the rabbit see me? (Do the rabbits have a ""look"" direction at all?)  Even though hunting seems to be a huge part of this game, I don't feel like the game is doing enough to show me how to improve.The game also does a poor job of letting me know that a rabbit doesn't provide food for all four cubs. Especially because the rabbit carcass seems to leave behind some sort of ""collectable"" stone, which makes it look like there's still some rabbit left to eat.  Why does a lynx need ""collectables"" anyway? They were important enough for the developer to include them in the game, and looking at the keyboard settings helpfully informs me that I can press ""C"" to view them, but offers no sort of explaination about what they do, if anything.  Similarly, I learned that I can press ""M"" for ""Memories,"" but the game gives no insight into what this means, if anything.I understand the allure of mysterious game mechanics that you figure out through trial and error, but that's only a viable method of teaching when the ""errors"" give the player feedback that helps them learn. What was I supposed to learn from the screen going into letterbox mode? It happened to me twice and I'm none the wiser for it, even though it was an extremely dramatic effect that seemed to be trying to communicate something.  Was I supposed to hunker down and hide when the light suddenly got dim? No idea! There's no visible feedback on the health of my cubs, so I'm still not sure if my actions kept them safe or just wasted time while they grew hungrier.  What about when the rain started? Should I have found shelter? Kept hunting? Do my cubs get cold and wet, or is this just an aesthetic effect?All of this is made worse by the fact that eventually, your cubs get hungry and collapse. If I'm meant to learn through trial and error, having such a limited margin of error seems unfairly cruel.  It happened to me in the middle of the rainstorm, leaving me confused as to whether it was hunger or weather-related.  I tried to run down a few rabbits, but eventually quit out of the game in frustration, unsure of whether or not I was making the situation better by trying to bring them food, or worse by making my healthy cubs chase me around in the storm.  When I did finally catch something, I still couldn't tell whether or not the cub was actually eating it.I still really want to enjoy this game - it was an impulse purchase because the concept was so appealing to me - but without a way to understand the effects of my in-game actions, this is just an exercise in frustration."
,Not Recommended,275100,32969202,Posted: 28 June,all,mai2981,I can't play this game because I have no idea what the objectives are and get way too emotional when one of my cubs dies or has to be left behind. Literally too dumb and sad to play this... if you're like me avoid it.
76561198293397994,Not Recommended,275100,22990986,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,noellemonstergirl,"It's a bit glitchy for me tbh. It constantly has this 'lava flow' effect where a random texture 'liquid' will flow out and over the map, occasionally killing a cub! I've tried to play through this a few times but I just can't get into it. It also has a habit of randomly warping me between maps so there's that.Now on a good note, the art style is abstract but pleasant to look at and the general story line is nice.TDLR: I'm refunding this game and I wish Steam had a 'Maybe' button for their recommendation."
,Not Recommended,275100,30383201,Posted: 7 March,all,Kiba Snowpaw *Alpha Wolf*,I have not played that much of this game because it not a game for me maybe on days I'm bored and don't know what to play but not for a complete gameplay.It's a cute game where you see how the life of the lynx is.im not a fan of the art and is one of the things that make me not want to play it.the story is nice from what i can telll.the gameplay is kind of boring but i could guess that before i starte it.
,Recommended,275100,14810078,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,♥Kitt♥,This game makes me cry every time ;~;
76561198207286029,Not Recommended,275100,30466042,Posted: 12 March,all,The Spastic Owl,it crashes allot tho
,Not Recommended,275100,30389252,Posted: 8 March,all,vampiredude,game keeps freezing and its annoying and too slow to start over. eh at least it was only 3 bucks
,Not Recommended,275100,34188093,Posted: 12 August,all,Bookoo Nigga,i don't know my purpose for this game ^ ^
,Not Recommended,275100,25433275,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,galabriath,"Controller triggers didn't respond during tutorial. Unfortunate, although the idea of the game is great."
76561197995408661,Not Recommended,275100,25036880,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Siloam,"At first I thought this was pretty boring. All I do is get food. And if I don't get food fast enough, the kids complain. They follow me everywhere crying for more food. If I even try to take a bath by myself, they just lie on the floor and throw a tantrum. It's a lot of work for just a few minutes of me-time. But it feels so rewarding when they finally go away."
76561198125199560,Recommended,275100,14816577,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,gamergirl8991,"Loved it!*OMG WOLVES RUN!*OMG BABIES! Oh! I love you!!!*Gotta find food, gotta find food, HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥WHATS THAT RED BLOB? RUN!*Gotta find food, oh look deer! NOM NOM NOM*My babies are all grown up!! Wohoo!!*Wait... BABIES!! DON'T LEAVE MOMMY! BABIES!! T_T*I'm going back to the den, my babies left me T_T*OooOOoo follow the stars... BOYFRIEND!! LETS MAKE MORE BABIES!10/10 Will play again"
,Recommended,275100,25765862,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,susu055,"I think this is the best gam ive ever played. I have no words for how much i love this game. I will die if it means that this game could go further. I have almost all the shelter games i have shelter 2 and the mountains expantion for it(THE BEST) i also have paws a shelter 2 game. i dont have shelter 1 tho i wat it but ive moved on to be SUPER exited For Meadow!!!!!!!!!!!!! I already love the consept of being a mother lynx or a cup but the AI was always the same. Sneak Up on bunny, bunny runs, run after bunny, kill bunny, cubs come running up, feed 2 cubs while the other 2 start to starve. its fun tho how you can explore with them, but ive always been a huge fan of multiplayer animal games and ive been a huge fan of the shelter games so im counting the days and my money hoping i wont burst of exitment. IDK how much the game will cost but im betting $20.00 although ive saved $60.00 for it lol Im super exited for a multiplayer shelter and im wandering if it will be like wolfquest where you have the servers to join and you need a pass word and username to enter... SUPER EXITED ABOUT MEADOW"
,Not Recommended,275100,23936767,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Isku,"I would recommend it, Its fun at first, protecting them and watching them grow up but the game ends too fast. The soundtrack is what I enjoy the most."
,Not Recommended,275100,31951621,Posted: 25 May,all,CybrLrd,boring
,Recommended,275100,24402214,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,嘿嘿嘿,ooooOoooOoo〇OO〇〇〇〇〇〇O
,Not Recommended,275100,30374565,Posted: 7 March,all,JayRob,Had fun and enjoyed the journey 'til the wolves came.  Every other predator you're supposed to fight off but the wolves are a one-shot kill AND you lose a cub.  GG.
76561198053422627,Recommended,275100,14818492,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Zaxtor99 ® YouTube,"Link to my first video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_AN2w_riU60Awesome gem so far...The game immediately does a superb job of putting you in the role of the pregnant mother lynx as you learn the controls running from hungry wolves.  This tells you right up front that danger definitely going to be present and a constant threat.Just a few moments into the game as you admire the beauty of the art style, you'll watch as you give birth to your four little lynx babies and hear them whining.  This will pull on even the strings of even the hardest of hearts and make you understand your responsibility to feed them and take care of them.  As they grow up before your eyes and roll on the ground after feeding, you'll feel your heart grow even closer to these utterly cute little fuffy bundles of pixels.And then...  it will happen.  Dark will set on you, or you will see a threat to your little babies... and you're heart will race as you move to the edge of your seat and feel your protective nature set in.Do you have what it takes to protect your four little ones and raise them from babies to adults?  It's an emotional joyride, a breath-taking artistic realm to explore, and music that blends magnificently with this unique game.Well worth the price tag, even at full price.. even if the game doesn't last too long.  It will be a game experience that you should remember for a very long time amongst all the zombies, guns, and dungeon slashing games out there."
76561198169383106,Not Recommended,275100,14915305,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Kylah,"The camera angle is bad and hard to moveI get no warning when one of my cubs suddenly disappears on meThe game is over priced because you can finish it in like an hour and it gets repetitiveOtherwise fun, just not fun enough to take $15 out of your wallet.if you have the money, go for it"
76561198316842044,Not Recommended,275100,30410058,Posted: 9 March,all,fire_ice9112001,Bought this for my Daughter.  She played it for about 30m and then went back to Wolf Quest.  Said the game was too boring and restrictive.
76561198120614389,Not Recommended,275100,30365688,Posted: 6 March,all,puffpastry36,"I've only played under an hour of this game for good reason, hello motion sickness. I don't understand why everyone says the graphics are great just because the developers chose an interesting art design, the graphics are terrible. Unless you like clipping through amorphous bushes and spending your time on loading screens, i would say do not purchase unless it's on super sale."
,Not Recommended,275100,32609719,Posted: 20 June,all,[Tech] Knoar,It's just not fun... or makes sense.
76561197981572497,Not Recommended,275100,30377525,Posted: 7 March,all,wize1,"Aww, it's so adorable and heartfelt! I just slayed a mama rabbit to provide for my own! Maybe I will go eat her babies to put them out of their misery. It's really cold out here! I don't think there are any carrots growing for them.My lynx really has class! Look how she holds up her paw when I stop moving. You really put detail into the animation and models! I like that!I have no idea what just happened. It looked like a gaint oil spill blob coming towards me? Maybe it's darkness coming. Ok so apparently Right Bumper and Picture of Moose. Hm. I guess this game is a puzzle game and I have to figure out what that means.Oh, btw. Please don't follow this foolish trend of not providing players with adequate description of gameplay. I just started hitting buttons and they weren't explained to me what they do. Thanks for telling me how to run, though. I don't think I would have EVER figured that one out.Does the developer want to be a real life lynx? This is a game, I don't want to actually have to think like a lynx. That's just too difficult, what if i'm stupid??? Which I am!Ok, screw it. I'm just going to try to go to that snowflake. I don't know why, or how. I don't know what my reason is. I'm just going to go to the snowflake because it's been on my screen now forever! Here I come giant snowflake!Wait a minute... cats can swim. Why did the water just engulf me?! Ok. I'm going to assume that because my babies aren't ♥♥♥♥♥ing at me, they don't need anything. (I wonder if that's how MY mother has felt)I hate to thumbs down your game. I wanted to give it thumbs up! It's beautiful and original. Creative. Nice art. Good hunting mechanics. Cute babies. But-- Your game is not polished to my standard! For example, when I went to load my game it said ""Yes"" or ""No"" and when I highlighted the answer I wanted to choose the word barely increased in size enough for me to know that I am choosing this option! Your game needs polishing! It needs better description of player functions like how the lynx sense works! Try this: ""You can only use your lynx sense while you are standing still. Sit and wait, then find your target quickly because the hunting eye does not last long!""Also: ""The sprinting meter is located at the bottom left corner of your screen. Eat your kills to replenish this bar.""You might be thinking, ""This is all common sense!"" -- Maybe it is! But you still should provide it to your players to give them a relaxing, comfortable, playing experience!I am going to keep playing, only because I want to see my babies get eaten by wolves. Nothing personal, it's probably just a sick fetish I have. I thumbs down your game, because I feel like this is beta version and needs tweaks and polish. Sorry. Make the changes I suggest and your game will easily become a 10/10."
76561198070066156,Not Recommended,275100,24727564,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,GismoTheFluffyUnicorn,Esay and very short.Too ekspendsive.I like the music.
,Not Recommended,275100,30383995,Posted: 7 March,all,Elliot Rodger,"controls are ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ game tells me to press a when I arrive at this ledge and nothing happens and I get eaten by a wolf.What a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ tutorial. PRESS A my ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥Also you have to unplug joysticks and other peripherals in order to play this game, unless you want to have your camera spinning at 15mph in the right direction.What a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game."
,Not Recommended,275100,25938129,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,no,"In this game, you are a homeless man going on a murder spree in a homeless shelter. You must slaughter every fat ♥♥♥♥ that you ♥♥♥♥ in the fat. ♥♥♥♥ you"
,Not Recommended,275100,14813091,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,FREEMASON,"Shelter 2 is a well thought out game with what they want to call an ""open world"" survival game. The game is astonishing with it's lush rabbits to feed and a few elk or deer to chase then it lacks the prolong story of it's cub and mother. You can finish this game in 2 hours which can be understandable seeing that will be repetitive if continued although Shelter 2 could have taken it to the next level and follow one of the cubs but once you have finish the story you are only given the option to replay what your first mother Lynx has done with the same wolfs scene chasing you which then as mentioned before is repetitive. Don't get me wrong even though I have thumbs down does not mean i don't recommend it it just means I saw a lot of potential in the Dev to make Shelter 2 a promising game with tremendous work into their 2nd project. This game is definitely for everyone and anyone who is curious to what happens in Shelter 2. There could be more possibilities in this with different approaches but it seems to be like a Dynasty Warrior series, this is my opinion on the game and with that i'll leave it to everyone on their own free choice."
,Not Recommended,275100,14815180,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,oggusfoo,"I'll definately be replaying this through again, at the rate of my first game I'll play 11 more games before midnight tonight.  It really is disappointing because the world is beautiful, sound is great, but there are no prompts as to how to play.  I would rather people not make this ""overwhelmingly positive,"" because it isn't for everyone.  I love leveling up in games, free sandbox, and animals, but I just can't recommend this one yet."
,Not Recommended,275100,32657593,Posted: 22 June,all,JoJo777890,worse than No Man's Sky?
,Not Recommended,275100,14814151,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Bonder,"This is a ""First-impressions"" review.Here's what doesnt happen in nature:a linear opening to an 'open world' game where you are taught such difficult to master skills as space = jump and shift = sprint (literally that's all that happens, it's just a waste of time opening).'fairy' stars.. what?The terrain does not change from winter to spring in 4 seconds, leaving you totaly lostcutscenesrandom saves that move you from where you were, remove what you were carrying, leaving you totally lostlots of loading screensand poor frame rates even though gpu is working at half capacitynot good. not good.Hoping I can move past these things and get to enjoy it but for now, just frustrated with the fails."
,Not Recommended,275100,14813220,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Jason The Huskvee,"No, do not buy this game. The main part of the game, teh part that has to be done, to survive, is poorly made. The stealth for hunting is completely broken, most prey are faster than you, you can't tell your babies to stay where they are, none of htat's a thing. Do not buy, at least not until they make hunting possible."
76561198131486129,Recommended,275100,30391317,Posted: 8 March,all,Elddir,"Great game!Simply beautiful and breathtaking. I really enjoy the gameplay and very simple concept for the story.Only negative point is that a game doesn't last very long and I get bored after a few times. I still play it every once in a while though.On the whole, I strongly recommend it!"
76561198049393047,Recommended,275100,30380770,Posted: 7 March,all,Garbage,2 fast 2 quick
,Recommended,275100,30381812,Posted: 7 March,all,Ekenwars,"Shelter 2 is the successor and sequel of Shelter. Gameplay remains the same where you are the mother of animal cubs and you take care of them from various dangers as well as raising them. The difference however is that this time you are a Lynx, a predator with an appetite, and so are your cubs. You hunt down prey to feed your family while protecting them from those above the food chain.Pros:- Great graphics and soundtrack- You can hunt and kill lesser creatures, releasing your inner beast- Season changes- Your cubs can grow and eventually start their own familiesCons:- Constant fear of being the hunted instead of the hunter- Occasional graphic glitches and bugsOverall, it is a new experience if you have played Shelter. You will have to pay close attention to your cubs if you want to prevent them from dying. Consult guides to become a better mother; game doesn't really explain much in the tutorial."
76561198218662596,Recommended,275100,30385057,Posted: 7 March,all,NightShade1144,"This game is so adorable, and so sad at the same time. Give it a try, it's surprisingly fun!"
76561198370780216,Recommended,275100,30398616,Posted: 8 March,all,Ghost,"Love it! Would be great if there were more animals in it though, or even if you could be different animals."
,Recommended,275100,30384884,Posted: 7 March,all,le grille,"After I figured out that there wasn't really objectives or a storyline, beyond exploring and hunting to keep your kittens alive, I really started to enjoy the calm vibe of this game, and really sunk into it. It's atmospheric and assumes you can read cues in the environment to figure out how to play. It's a really simple game, but it's also very smart, and there are enough collectibles that you could play through several generations and still find new places you haven't explored.I cried. 10/10"
76561198312257690,Recommended,275100,30414882,Posted: 9 March,all,army12,It is a good game also this is my fist Shelter game and i do Recommend this game
76561198067818421,Recommended,275100,30412029,Posted: 9 March,all,Colorthesky,Shelter 2 is a really good relaxing game if you can handle KITTENS DIE AND ITS YOUR FAULT.  Which I can't.
76561198320138849,Recommended,275100,30401018,Posted: 8 March,all,Artair Wolfe,The concept is simple:Have kids.Love kids.Defend kids.Tears will be shed if you fail.
76561198044977517,Recommended,275100,16938282,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,berserk,"The gameplay the soundtrack and the visuals are so f*cking good in this game. You play as a lynx and raise 4 cubs till their adulthood, and every second is a ticking clock for one of them to expire. Feeding for 5 lynx's is not an easy feat, but once mastered this game becomes extremely fun. With a harder difficulty to keep you on your toes.While content in this game is lacking currently, the Dev's are still adding things that the players want. Shelter 2 has A lot of replayability, and lots of vast areas to explore. If u like Cats, and you like hunting and survival, I highly recommend this game."
76561198155274925,Recommended,275100,17407176,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Sir_Combat_Wombat,"So one day i had some extra money, and i couldnt find a game to spend it on. So i talked to a friend about a game to spend my money on, and this came up. although she had never played it she mentioned that she had her eye on it for awhile now but she didnt have the money to buy it. So i went to the store to check it out and thought it was an interesting concept. So i downloaded it, and the moment i got in I knew i had bought the right game, so now im 3 generations in and still havnt even explored half the map, im buying it for the friend in question, and im hyped about the new Dlc coming out on the 25th. Some other facts i should mention are, its not buggy, (at least in my playthrough) Great art style, nice mechanics, and adorable lynx kittens."
76561198177763717,Recommended,275100,17289586,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Lily5885,I love this game and i think its fun. However it has a few things i dont understand like when my cubs grow up they left me but i cant continue the story with the cubs. So um ya. I think its a great game. I think they should add where the lynx can swim instead of dying 3 feet in the water. I recommend this game.
,Recommended,275100,17978616,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Cannibalistica,"Interesting styled game with the simple concept of keeping your children alive in an everchanging and harsh enviroment as they age along side you. Large world to explore with a beautiful soundtrack, though not much to interact with in terms of space. People that find the game too easy should switch it to survival mode in the gameplay settings, which is much more challenging and greatly increases the battle against starvation. I also recommend the Mountians DLC, which will add more predators and make the game harder, as well as add a new area in which its success largely depends on the season. The game is played through the eyes of a lynx, with the goals and capabilities of one; The game has the unique ability to help share the basic experience of living the life of a wild female animal, while focusing on the importance and commitment of motherhood. Its not a complicated game, fair warning to those that demand intensive plot or a lot of interactive content. The game can be 'finished' in its most basic form in about an hour, but to those that strive to experience things from a more natural 'non-human' perspective, I do recommend giving it a try."
76561198118467168,Recommended,275100,17821037,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,carolinemie,The game is beautiful but needs to fix bugs for the Mac platform.
76561198011380639,Recommended,275100,17757556,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,FrainBreeze,"A very slow-paced, yet exciting and touching adventure. Certainly not for everyone though"
76561198093873572,Recommended,275100,17509792,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Nightmare,GET IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WORTH IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (thats all that need to be said)
76561198370397242,Recommended,275100,30519898,Posted: 14 March,all,雾飞鱼,good'good
,Recommended,275100,17936376,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Black Cat Ninja 3,Lost my first cub...Couldn't stop crying.10/10
76561198249171800,Recommended,275100,30533326,Posted: 15 March,all,Xpert Iceberg,This game is really fun to play and well worth the $14.99. But i do have to admit when you first start playing you migh not exactly now what is going on so i suggest looking at a guide in the Steam community to get a firm understanding in how to play.
,Recommended,275100,30532350,Posted: 15 March,all,Anonymouse,Awesome game. It's a calming peaceful game to relax. Really recommend this game.
76561198205045207,Recommended,275100,18225608,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,sannoreighteen,Nice
76561197976103490,Recommended,275100,30537647,Posted: 16 March,all,KITTYPHILE,"nice game. You can ""comeplete"" it pretty quick. But I think it never really ends... relaxing and cute."
76561198091554681,Recommended,275100,18136820,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Luziano (Team Bowhunting),"More than a game, an artwork. Simply beautiful."
,Recommended,275100,17758092,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Katastrophy ~ Ƹ̴Ӂ̴Ʒ,"I bought this game as there was a sale and I wanted to try something new.I seriously do not regret my decision one bit!I love the art style and I love the simplisity of the whole game,I also really love the small story snippits...Emotional surprise at the end."
76561198157374252,Recommended,275100,17759315,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Storm,"I bought the game bundle and I do recommend both games but if you are looking to only buy one then here are the pros and cons for both:Shelter:Pros: More exciting/More DangerShelter:Cons: Not really an open world, the story always ends the same, no family treeShelter 2:Pros: A huge world explore and the mountains dlc too.Shelter 2:Cons:If you buy the base game (no mountains etc.) then there are only a few threats apart from starvation in the game the mist/fog and wolves do if your looking for a more challenging game shelter 1 is for you. However the mountains dlc adds new threats bears/hawks/fox etc."
,Recommended,275100,17033174,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Otard,"I find is amazing how emotionaly attatched you get to these viritual cubs. The game dosn't take long to finnish, but you'll put an hour or two into it and its absolutly worth it. Its a great game that you can really start feeling like you are a part of.12 out of 10, gold stars all around! Love it!"
76561198101175127,Recommended,275100,17051259,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,●︿● Inkie the crow  ●︿,"a fun game that allows you to explore the wilderness,there will be a DLC coming out soon that adds new threats making the game a lot harder and more fun!,i wish the wolves would be in more area's then just the Tundra area,but beggars can't be choosers,if you loose all the cubs the result is unknown,at least for me,you can choose to explore the world and there are so many cool things to find,such as  a Frozen and Dead Mammoth,in the lake there is also this Cave i found,Nothing in it but a neat lil thing and there's an ice tunnel in the tundra's,I haven't explored EVERYTHING yet but if all your cubs die or if they all grow up i recommend not going to the den afterwards and exploring the world,all in all,a fun game to play over and over as many times as you want,I do wish each litter of cubs were different,Like if Kir had a litter (since if your cubs grow up they can have kids of their own) they'd all look different,and you have one that looks like a previous sibling,Rival families of lynx s? i doubt it but that's fun to think about,when the Mountain DLC comes out i recommend getting it since its going to add SO MUCH to the game e  u e"
,Recommended,275100,17052884,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,1213 • NT-Destroy,"I had a feeling going into this game that I would either love it or hate it, and I absolutely loved it.I was on a Skype voice chat with one of my friends while playing for the first time, and she got to hear me coo and swear over my cubs, with continually counting them one by one to make sure they were all with me. When I lost the first one, I was in tears, there was a lot of screaming and noises that were probably not human while I was frantically running around trying to get food to feed my remaining three, then remaining two...I only had one cub survive on my first playthrough, and I was sobbing when I saw that darling go off on their own into the world. Because my baby grew up and everything was wonderful.I am still exploring, still trying to find everything that others are talking about (where the hell are the deer? I can't find them anywhere!). My second playthrough managed to get all my cubs to adulthood, and there was lots of happy crying to see them go off into the world on their own.I really recommend it, and honestly can't wait to see what the DLC adds."
,Recommended,275100,16969531,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Snail,my babies.. mY bABiES
76561198140746888,Recommended,275100,16694539,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Meowmeow1,"This game is fun to play. It's not too hard but not too easy. You get to see your babies grow up and the ending is happy (cause who doesnt love happy endings?). The art is beautiful and so is the music. My only wish is that it could be longer or an addition that allows you to explore the enviroment more (since its a bit difficult to with your cubs and the danger of darkness or rain). And that it would easier to pick up or ""see/scent"" the the cubs, as, once, one of the cubs laid down in a brush patch and I couldnt locate it, so it died. Despite these, I find it to be a beautiful, original, and fun game, and recommend it. c:"
76561198025433499,Recommended,275100,16579303,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Voi_Vikke,"While sometimes the detailed textures can make hunting difficult, this game is extremely beautiful and one very much does start to feel for one's family, desperately trying to keep the cups alive."
,Recommended,275100,16592411,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Tapsu87,"I waited months before I managed to gather enough courage to play this game. When playing the first Shelter, I often loaded back to a previous point if a baby of mine died. I loaded until I managed to finish the game with all babies alive. That was what I set out to do with this game also.Having no idea what the gameplay was like, I dived into the game and managed to finish it in less than 2 hours with all my cubs alive. I didn't see any predators after the initial wolf chase scene (how lucky must I be?). Nearing the autumn my cubs started getting really hungry and I'm sure I almost lost a few of them, but then they left to fight the world on their own, so I got lucky on that part too. They were starving at that point.All that said, this game is even better than the first shelter, altho I'd say the play style is quite different. More open world, I liked it. The hunting was a bit difficult at times tho, but challenging in a nice way.If you played the first Shelter, or are in the least bit interested in this game, I strongly recommend getting it. The playthrough with the initial family was short'ish, but very emotional. And you can start families with the cubs that survived, a nice feature to keep the lineage going. I don't think I can get a second playthrough out of myself just yet.The game and the musics are very beautiful. Fighting for your cubs to survive makes you emotional, be warned."
,Recommended,275100,16633832,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,GruvRegulator,A very unique concept on the survival game genre. The stylized design is a bit of a double edged sword; it's beautiful to look at; but can work against you when you are chasing down rabbits.
76561198121625836,Recommended,275100,16652579,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,zoezo39,i would recoment it but it has been realy laggie for me but i play sheter 1 and it was great so i would get both but i really want the lag to go away
,Recommended,275100,16768507,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,SUN,First playthrough.All but one starved to dead.Second Playthrough.All reached adulthood. Then we were attacked by a wolf pack. Lost one to the pack. Lost the rest to starvation from leaving a different way than we arrived. Been feeding them deer for while now and since I had to leave the deer rich area I could not catch enough rabbits to feed them all in the unknown area. No survivors.Third Playthrough.All but one survived. Acheivement.Fourth Playthrough and onward.All survive. Just don't go into the tundra and avoid the swamp.Would die of heartbreak again. 10/10.
,Recommended,275100,18675607,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,SketchySaurian,"A beautiful, powerful and touching game that takes your on a two year journey across frozen tundras and looming forests as you play as a mother lynx known by the name Inna and try your best to battle the elements and raise all four of your cubs to adulthood. Shelter 2 isn't a massive game but it does take you on a massive emotional adventure. Shelter 2 is an incredible blend of natural and spiritual themes and takes gaming to an almost philosophical level.Pros:- Cute and lovable characters- Incredible environments and atmosphere- Brilliant, beautiful soundtrack by Retro Family- A powerful story that can leave you smiling and/or in tearsCons:- Relatively short game (but I guess it would be a bit repetetive after a while)- Very stressful, your cubs are almost always hungryOverall, Shelter 2 is one of the best games I've played in a long time and I am really glad that games like these exist that focus on the beauty and fragility of nature. If you are into animals I would HIGHLY reccomend this and may I just thank Might and Delight for creating this amazing emotional rollercoaster.  Trully one of the most underrated games of all time. In my opinion: A must play."
76561198061514782,Recommended,275100,18663639,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Lore,"At first I only got this game because lynx are my favorite animals (if you couldn't tell by my username), and over time I found myself getting really addicted to this game. Probably one of the best I've ever played. It's simple, you're just a mother caring for her cubs- but it's so simply beautiful.Some people criticise this game because unlike the original Shelter game, you are not forced to move into other areas, and the game does not have to become increasingly difficult because of this, therefore making the game ""less challenging"" and not as good as the original. I disagree- yes, you can stay by your den the whole game and chase rabbits all the time and beat the game without any real danger whatsoever. You can totally do that; however you aren't enjoying the game the way it was intended to be played.While Shelter forced you to move, in Shelter 2 you have the freedom to go where you please. If you want to explore the world with the danger of more predators and less prey, you can do it. The further you leave home, the more dangerous it gets, but the more worthwhile the gameplay becomes. If you want to be challenged, then it's up to YOU to leave the starting area by your own free will. It's YOUR choice to either stay home and not be challenged, or leave and explore while making it challenging. The world is interesting, and every area you find is beautiful, but you aren't obligated to go there- it's up to you. And that's why I love this game so much! Every time I start a new game, I leave the den as soon as possible and never go back until the cubs leave. I love running around and exploring the map and finding new things, with the added danger of looking after my cubs, encountering wolves, and making sure my cubs do not starve.I recommend this game to anybody who loves animals, nature, games where you can explore big, beautiful maps, and games that encourage you to go the distance."
76561198169966607,Recommended,275100,14904349,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Nexorous,A good horror when you think one of your children are missing!
76561198053255420,Recommended,275100,18725950,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Diisonance,Endless loop of Cat mum. 10/10
,Recommended,275100,30572720,Posted: 17 March,all,Guten Morgen,I love my kittens so muchNo one will hurt them
76561198055493324,Recommended,275100,15245671,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,ImaginaMagica,"Great sequel! Great game even if you haven't played the first one too.This game has pawed its way into my recent top-ten faves list! It keeps all of the charms of the previous game, while improving on a lot of things that the first Shelter lacked.One of the issues the first game suffered from was linear gameplay that did not offer much replayability. This is not the case with Shelter 2; It's a HUGE world, no set place to go. Even after multiple playthroughs there's still plenty of things I haven't discovered.Your goals are still simple and clear, and achieving those goals can always be a different experience (Some of my rabbit hunts end in bushes...). You're never quite sure where prey will spawn or how they'll evade you/detect you, and the hunt is always fun.Another thing they really improved on with this game is indicating where (and who) your predators are, and how to escape them (mad respect for how they did their tutorial in this one). For the first Shelter, I get the whole ""bottom of the food chain = less control"" deal for the badgers, but losing babies to predators felt kind of punishing.All in all, the Lynx was an excellent choice of animal to feature in this game. Playing at the middle of the food chain provides thematic support for a good amount of player agency while leaving enough danger in to keep players from getting bored."
76561198073668316,Recommended,275100,14883677,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,BadStar,"One of my all time favorite virtual experiences!WARNING: Be open minded or don't buy.. This is not a game that u can find hours and hours of endless action in. It is more of a short story of being a mother in the wild.The emotions the music brings to the everchanging seasons, weather and darkness is just amazing. The fact that there is nothing more than listening and watching your cubs to tell u if they are tired/hungry is great, brings out a natural survival mindset.. carry the slow and tired ones for a while.. listen to their cries, feed individual cubs as u need to.  Amazing game.When the music flows with the seasons and u are walking miles in search of bigger game and you realise a cub is missing.. You turn around in a frantic search for signs of life.. You can hear yelps from your cub but you are having a hard time locating it..the yelps stop..simply a sad moment and makes u bond to the ones you have still with you.The group grows to a size to take down deer for a bigger feast..Eventually learning to hunt for their own meat, which leads them to go their own ways in the world.  Then, all alone you find yourself walking in the warm spring sun again.. in search of a mate to start all over and continue the family tree.!!!Play this as a short but emotional movie and you will very much enjoy this, be careful playing this as strictly a cat sim!!!Even though it is a great cat sim, most sims are boring for most people, so dont miss out on the story the devs put in place!"
,Recommended,275100,17737897,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Deinonychus15,A simple story but the great world/environment makes for enjoyable replays once you finished the first cycle.
,Recommended,275100,17746772,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,DiiVox,"I played it for a little while, then, as I was happilly raising my kittens, an eagle swooped down and took one of my babies and flew away. I then began crying.11/10 would cry over the brutality of nature again - but not for a little while I need some time to recover"
76561198115544134,Recommended,275100,17746928,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,QuasiKiller RS Какая,"in a world that is mainly shooters, its nice to find a game that is a bit more laid back even if it is a strange game."
76561198028193694,Recommended,275100,17741053,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Mk Z,"This game is a mother Lynx simulator. There are different landscapes to explore, ambient music and artistic visuals. Surroundings are quite detailed, you feel this world is living. I have liked the game and I will play it more to explore different areas and get achievements. I would not recommend this game to kids or sensitive persons though as seeing your cubs dying from starvation is very stressfull.There are some critic reviews and those people are right, there is not much to do in this game. But it is more about perceiving than doing. Relax and enjoy the beauty, aesthetics and emotions. I think it's better to think of Shelter 2 as of an interactive piece of art rather than a game and I like it alot. If it sounds boring to you don't buy it..."
,Recommended,275100,17804459,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,trying to depip,"Amazing game, touching, cute, adorable."
76561198013186987,Recommended,275100,16032109,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,sedzic,A great game all around! If only more Indie studios would be as ambitious as M&D instead of over saturating the market with 2D nostalgia games.
,Recommended,275100,15458396,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,benks,"A splendid mix of exciting/peaceful game-play with rewarding elements, along with creative and beautiful graphics that make your eyes sping inside-out and backwards.Good Fun."
76561198226434056,Recommended,275100,15780311,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,BlackMountain150,"I saw this game on Youtube and wanted it immediatly. The graphics are amazingly well put together and obviously go with a few quirks. (Head underwater to drink and frame rate slows in some areas, not to helpful when wolves suddenly chase you and 4 kits!) It is really well put together and the sounds are so real its un-beleivable.I recently found a nice feature which *SPOILERS*when i was in a open area with the snow a turn of weather could be seen so i moved on mewing to my kits. Her sound changed and she gave hisses each time and growls but i thought nothing of it. I decided to go to the single tree icon which pointed through a crack when the music changed and my lynx hissed. the wolves began to bark and howl and i ran for it 4 kits behind me. Luckily i managed to jump free with 3 there but my 4th got caught.It felt so close I had to close the game to just play it again.Brilliant game and well worth it if you have the time to learn all of its quirks to help you in the game."
76561198195129007,Recommended,275100,16802123,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Valkyrie,"A beautiful game; refreshingly different graphics, addicting gameplay that really messes with your emotions, and plenty of replay value. Definitely worth the purchase."
76561197965361589,Not Recommended,275100,16847778,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Psymon²,"Lacks the connection with your cubs that the first game did so well, which leaves this game with very little to praise."
76561198121647995,Recommended,275100,16689395,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,JurassicChicken8,I love this game! There is a lot more freedom in this game than the first one. I really hope there is a third one.This game is a must-have!
,Recommended,275100,14816239,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Murcrove,"Beautiful, charming. Everything I ever wanted as a child :> To play as an animal, hunt and raise a family. It was beautiful and haunting. Animal and nature lovers are in for a treat. I still cannot believe how pretty it is. Having played Shelter 1, I thought I knew what I was getting into- it was so much more. The 'Family Tree' feature is awesome, you can play as your kit all grown up- you even look like them and everything! I can't stop playing, haha!"
,Recommended,275100,14815473,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Scruffyjay,"Beautiful, fun, and sad.I am a terrible lynx mother."
76561198123583045,Recommended,275100,14815855,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Julius Geezer,"I love this Game. well it isnt just a Game it's a Story! a very powerful and moving story. I've been waiting for Shelter 2 to come out ever sins I finished the first Story, and I cant say I've been dissapointed! If you like playing something that pulls at your heartstrings, then this is the one for YOU!"
,Recommended,275100,14815912,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Zeo Mause,I haven't even played it that much and it has amazing graphics and animations and cool crap.
,Recommended,275100,14833992,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Bee,"Nothing will rattle you more than the piercing wail of your baby collapsing from hunger. As a result, I spent a lot of time doting on my cat today.I expected Shelter 2 to have designated sequences of events like its predecessor, so I was initially unsure of how to proceed. Once you realise there’s no path other than to hunt and nourish your litter (you’d think that’d be obvious from the get-go), the free-form nature of progression becomes this game’s strongest point.I managed to raise two of four from the litter on my first playthrough; I’d definitely like to try again, and keep them all alive until time for them to venture off on their own."
,Recommended,275100,14834138,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Cherry - チェリー,"First off, I played Shelter 1 and THOROUGHLY enjoyed it. I was so excited for the sequel! I just finished Shelter 2 and I really enjoyed it..But there were a few things that were missing from the game..I remember Shelter 1 having more to do in it.SPOILERS BELOW!!Shelter 1 had:1. More environmental dangers2. More predators3. Different scenarios and challenges4. More things to eatShelter 2 had:1. The only environmental danger was jumping in to the lake2. I know you're supposed to be a mama lynx but lynx have predators too..Right? The only predator you see are the wolves in the beginning and they never actually attack you (to my knowledge) and you ever see them again...(Can the lake be considered a predator?)3. This was a very open and sandbox-like game. There weren't any scenarios or challenges besides keeping your kittens alive. I think the seasons affected the amount of rabbits but I didn't really notice?4. The only things I found that you could eat were the rabbits (LOTS OF 'EM), deer (I think I only was able to catch one), and..Eggs on the ground or in a tree (after knocking them off the branch). I noticed that you were able to ""drink/catch fish/idk) when you were in shallow water in the endgame (after the kittens leave you and you're heading home) but I don't think it did anything..Afterthoughts:I wish there were more scenarios, dangers, and food in this game, but I still really enjoyed it and LOVED the art style and music..But the game was just really short and the whole game kind of made me feel like Elmer Fudd. I did enjoy the game but it was lacking a lot of things that could've made it worth $13...I haven't tried playing the game again but I'm assuming it has good reply value."
76561198005911605,Recommended,275100,14835141,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Cora,"I loved it, And I want more.The game itself was pretty short, simple, but could have used a bit more stuff to do.The music was gorgeus and flawless.Need more original and different games like this.9/10"
76561198060614360,Recommended,275100,14835596,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,lewdlyn,"Beautiful game, absolutely loved it.It's short, but I still enjoyed every minute of it.The story was sweet, sad and emotional. Hope to see a Shelter 3 soon :')♥"
,Recommended,275100,14836879,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Weeee Are Fu×kin Super Star!!,"I play this game. I have to face my own failures. After the 10 mins. The Night time is scary and I lose 1 cab [Kir] at night to the Wolfs and the another one from a Glitch [Maki], I can't find him and I hear his cry when I go too far from the area. I feel so sad and scared and I have to take care of my two cabs Snow (White) and Ray (light brown)."
76561198074449402,Recommended,275100,14849817,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Captian Penny Anus,"im scared to play this game, i named my children and i don't want to lose any of them but this world is so big and bad. this game really hits your emotions, tread carefully"
76561198109564694,Recommended,275100,14851172,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Loulybob,10/10 would raise virtual lynx cubs again. My first lot all survived but that didn't mean that when one collapsed I didn't almost have a heart attack and frantically run in search of food. I think the worst one was when one of my cubs collapsed so I quickly caught a rabbit and fed him but then another one of my cubs had collapsed and I had already chased all the rabbits away in my previous hunt. Luckily I did feed him in time but I was panicking ;3;
76561197993610726,Recommended,275100,14852869,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,♔DØCTOR FEELGOOD,"great looking game and really unique experience. if you buy the game just be prepared to feed 4 cubs and most likely have one or more die, 2 of mine grew up so not too bad. one of mine got eaten by a wolf and i was like nooo and the other was hurt or something, i thought the cub was still following me but it was like laying down n needed to be carried and once i carrieed it i put it down for like 1 second n it died so yea wouldnt suggest being dumb like me.But still super fun chasing animals and just survival stuff, the graphics are great and there isnt any directions more or less asides from the controls and what the narrative text is saying during like loadscreens or w.e its all up to you and your judgement on how to do it. its weird didnt feel like the cubs were gonna grow up ever and then it happened so quick, idk like 3hrs and u can play thru the game id say. but its cool bc you can start again as one of your offspring so i may do that later just to see if anythings different"
,Recommended,275100,14856790,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,LordOfGuzzle,The moment when a rabbit randomly runs into your mouth. Something great/10.
76561198034504460,Recommended,275100,14841461,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,FloatingCloth,"A game where you casually play as a Lynx hunting rabbits, deer etc, to keep your cubs fed. Many in-game collectables to find, throughout  the vast open world, with an amazing art style, and a great soundtrack to go with it."
76561198065979656,Recommended,275100,14841627,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,c9g,Awesome game but it doesn't really tell u what to do. Still so nice environment . The nature is just wow. The graphics are AMAZINg. Realy buy this game. I became a male mother. Thats quit a surprise isn't it XD
76561198007977193,Recommended,275100,14841650,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,★PiNkAmEnA★,"This game is rather fun with simple cell shaded grahpics and wonderful soundtrack. Graphics kind of reminded me of Ookami. Although if you haven't played the first shelter game then this will be a tad confusing at first. I just raised my cubs at first, lost two somewhere and just followed the hints and boom! end game. Thinking wow! this is a short game!But there is so much more when you try again in the life of the cub that survived via their mothers care.My only complaints are that in some places you can have major glitching / performance lag in some area's or you can just lose control of the characters functions altogether. Which I am sure can be fixed in a simple patch.Also beware of the scary tree it steals cubs. Other than that have fun."
76561198055675004,Recommended,275100,14842837,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,wolf2be,"This is an absolutely gorgeous game, I have and will continue to enjoy. The art is beautiful as well as the progression of time. The family tree and being able to play the cubs after you “finish” the game is a nice touch. This being said, the game itself isn’t exceptionally difficult, and I would have liked more challenges added besides the wolf events. Despite the easiness, I definitely recommend this game to those who love animals, the outdoors, and open explore world games."
76561198035021601,Recommended,275100,14843653,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Freric,An experience that simply cannot be explained with words
,Recommended,275100,14843699,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Mr.Fry,"For the cat fans out there - you play as a mother Lynx. your task is to raise 4 cubs.The controls are pretty could from the timed ive played.At times the game had me worring bout were my kittys were.My two beefs with the game. were that there wasnt any real sense of danger from predators when out in the wild with the gang, and in one section of the  game there was some problems with some of the video settings.And as the end game credits rolled up - the song Home can to mind.would rate a 9/10"
,Recommended,275100,14844626,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Seth,"A very colourful and charming game.Links to old themes and new. Acouple of spelling errors but I imagine that the creators were not native English speakers so that's understandable (possibly Iclandic?).Lovely work on both narrative and music. Both tugged at my heart strings, especially in the moments which (if you;ve played the game) you will understand.One thing I must ask the creators though***SPOILER***Is the Lynx who leads you across the field at the end supposed to be your mate guiding you to the spirit world, or one of your cubs? Because my white/snow cub didn't die."
76561198127286164,Recommended,275100,18974615,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,DaftElectra,"This has been by far one of the most challenging games I have played. It is lovely, frustrating, fascinating, emotional and fun. The goal is simple but the means are difficult and I am still getting use to it while enjoying it all the same. The map is HUGE; however it is not always practical to explore with 4 young ones at your side. Shelter 2 has definetly improved and developed since its predecesor Shelter and provides a real escape into an artistic natural world. It is casual, short and very well worth it. I recommend this game. By the way this game IS compatible with WINDOWS VISTA."
,Recommended,275100,30603109,Posted: 18 March,all,smolbree,"Very adorable game, love the art style in it. Beautiful."
,Recommended,275100,18938896,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Britwurst,"Calm, Zen kinda peaceful game. Sometimes things happen in the game that are supposed to symbolize something (???) but the developers won't tell us what. If you know what that creepy black blob that asorbs your kits and kills them without leaving a body is supposed to mean let me know.Kinda boring after playing through twice. Badges/profile backgrounds are pretty."
,Recommended,275100,19024473,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Lubed Up Lizard,"This Is One Of The Best Games I've Ever Played.I LOVE the graphics, and the story keeps you attachedyou grow a strong connection to your cubseven though i knew the ending I STILL FELT MY EYES GET WATERYthis is one of the best games out there, its really funThe only cons are:a bug will appear every so oftenlack of tips/guides( the game is fairly simple to figure out, a few of your cubs might die in the process)lack of replayability, as in, this game gets boring after a while, because most of it is the sameOverall a GREAT game, I really think the developers did a good job on this"
76561198164781972,Recommended,275100,19256763,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,blndi3,"This is an adorable and heartwarming game with a cute art style, only complaint is that the controls are annoying :P"
76561198188647315,Recommended,275100,19311409,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,MarMar,great game
76561198110545987,Recommended,275100,20932293,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Thesladenator,"Being an animal lover I love this game. Its quick and doesnt take forever to raise your cubs and I cant stop playing and I cant wait for paws to come out! Takes about 2 hours probably to complete a cub raising cycle. The graphics are great and you do get attached to your cubs. However I agree with some of what other people have brought up that more interaction with the cubs would be nice aside from just naming them. Maybe just the option to play or groom them would suffice. Or even just having their name hanging above their heads so you know whos who.I do feel that the ending should be meeting your lost cubs instead of a random male lynx it would be much more emotional and heart wreching for that. It'd be better to see them in their cub form tooSomething else I think would be nice would be the option for a hard mode where theres less prey and more predators in all the areas - not just the mountains. It also would be nice to be able to swim and fish too. Another thing that would be nice would be able to choose to play with all of your surviving cubs in future games so you can create a bigger family tree.However, all that aside I do really like this game and I look forward to paws. I hope the creators of shelter 2 take on the suggestions from the players if they make a shelter 3! But that being said I love the graphics and the seasons etc. its just amazing and I love it!"
,Recommended,275100,20937380,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,jaguar's soul,"cute game. i get to be a mama, but my babies always leave me at the end of the day. Why"
,Recommended,275100,15759358,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Lore,"I really enjoyed this game. the art style was beautiful as always, though, at times it made it difficult to see certain things and prey. But luckily you have lynx senses for the prey! This game was very relaxing and sometimes very heartbreaking.I found it to have replay value personally because I enjoyed exploring and running around as a lynx haha.Although, I do really wish there were more threats. More wolf attacks. And maybe being able to start off in the different dens in each of the areas when you make a new family."
76561198031716893,Recommended,275100,15544639,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Lil' Teaspoon,"It's short and simple, but it's very well worth the price to help the developers continue improving. It's a very relaxing game with beautiful, calm acoustic music. The game brings out many emotions as you play the mother lynx trying to keep her cubs alive, when they starve or get taken by predators, or when they grow up."
76561198184322686,Recommended,275100,15935964,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,assassin_dice,I love this game even though one of my four pups died I am in love with this game. This game brought the mother out of me and to see them grow up and leave it made my heart ache but in a good way.Spoilers: maybeIn the end when you get to see your pups again wow they grew up and you can then start a family with the kids that you raised the ending makes me cry.Ya this game is good.
76561198183507805,Recommended,275100,15961632,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Puppylove1259,its a really fun game when i ended it i had only one cub beware the cubs are hard to take care of cubs and the ending was sad to me what happens is your cub is all grown up so it leaves the i thought i was going to have more but no
,Recommended,275100,16832311,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Cips,The art is beautiful and gives a good feel to the game. The controls are simple and the game is to protect and care for your cubs. The instint as a parent kicks in right away as you have to feed your cubs which trumps your human reluctance to harm animals you need to hunt. The game looks allot better then the trailer when you put the graphics on high. My only gripe so far is that the game advertises full crontroller support but the controller only works on the menu not in game. On a side note I feel as if the game may be a bit too open ended in the sense that it is not always clear what you should be doing. A way to fix thius might be to add more dangers or include some kind of built-in intiution to let the player know they are on track. As much as I love the game and the concept which feels good I'd like there to be more urgency in the gameplay. I suppose that might ruin the explorative nature of the game tho but a good mix of the two would be ideal.
,Recommended,275100,16433134,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,@ipixel,10/10 would get ridiculously attached to polygonal lynx cubs again
76561198142812528,Recommended,275100,30437886,Posted: 10 March,all,AaTrez,>I got pregnant.>Ran away from predators.>Found a shelter.>Had babies.>Ran away to find food.>Water basically tells you to ♥♥♥♥ off.>Forgot where home is.>Babies are probably dead.>Got stuck between two rocks.>Winter turned into spring in 10 seconds.11/10
76561198151292251,Recommended,275100,16280134,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Silence is my friend,Its realy fun and good but just to let you know there is a promble with the langue
76561198131611623,Recommended,275100,25309877,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,ticiat,i thingk this game is the best game ever and there needs to be more like it i thingk that shelter 3 shuld have it where you play as the bare cube (sorry i cant spell.) and raze cubs of your own but to make it multyplayer that wuld be awsom! mabe have it so you culd be a cube and have other people play as your siblings and parints. i just love this game and there needs to be more like it. thats all i havt to say for now.
,Recommended,275100,27543112,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ammsamdoij,"There was a raging thunderstorm, i decided i'd take us back to our cave for shelter. Suddenly i hear an intense crying meow.  I look to one of my kits (Kir) to see her collapsed on the ground. I glance around desperately to find food to heal him, and finally i see a mole. I catch him and begin sprinting back with him in my mouth. I hear an intense low vibration... I see a falcon/hawk/eagle (white bird of prey) come down and grab helpless Kir. I sprint after him and catch up to the savage bird. Nothing happens, i realize  the mole is still in my mouth, i drop the mole but stop moving in doing so. The bird begins to lift off I try to grab it but fail in doing so. It takes off with Kir's intense cry sounding through the dark sky. I look back at the rest of my cubs. They stare at me unphased by Kir's terrible, vicious death. Later on another one of my cubs would fall down and cry for food. I search and find a rabbit, after catching up to the rabbit, i bring it back. I hear the low chord of vibration. I my face goes cold and stern. I see the infamous bird trying to take off with one of my cubs. I drop the rabbit and catch up to the bird. I lunge at it and bring it down. My cubs would soon devour it. I had saved one of my cubs and avenged Kir.10/10 Would go through trauma again."
76561198056843146,Recommended,275100,27760941,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ottstf,"Raised all four cubs on first try.Not gotta play again, can't imagine losing any one of them.Great game!Thanks"
,Recommended,275100,27550109,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Unstoppable Forcevich,"Excellent surroundings, the animal choice is on point, the visuals and the gameplay are just fantastic"
76561198180067241,Recommended,275100,31318294,Posted: 23 April,all,Aomaris,Amazing game
,Recommended,275100,31336795,Posted: 24 April,all,BIG JOEY SLAP-NUTS,"I wanted a game that would help me chill out from all the constant in-game shooting and chaos I involve myself in.This game was relaxing, beautifully put together with a unique artstyle, and was quite adventurous.Not sure if this is a game for everyone... but if you want a game that kind of puts you at ease but still offers plenty of adventure, this game may be for you."
,Recommended,275100,30377873,Posted: 7 March,all,Muk09,"I can only recommend this if it's on sale. My overall rating would be a 6.5/10.First, the good. I got this game for $3 and have played through twice. This game brings a unique concept to light. Along with unique visuals (though some may argue they cover up the more polymorphic graphics), well crafted soundtrack, and emotional investment in your young, this is the basis for a game that COULD be amazing.Unfortunately, there is very little to actually do other than hunt in this game (the devs even added some pointless collectibles), and after your first ~hour long playthrough, it will be mostly stale. Yes, there are wolves, but on Normal difficulty I have only encountered them once (other than the opening scene) in my second playthrough, and they were easily avoided by jumping onto a ledge they could not reach, and waiting them out. On my first playthrough I kept feeding my kittens, just waiting for something else to happen, but before I knew it they were grown and leaving to be on their own. I would continue waiting for something else until the credits rolled.All the basic concepts are here, but as it is, it's too basic. This game would greatly benefit from expansion on these ideas. The seasons were neat, but what about day/night cycles? Maybe if there was a night, that would be the time to hunker down and avoid wolves. That would present an opportunity to add more ""shelters"" to find and stay safe during the night. The hunting is also too basic, with a stealth system that usually breaks down into just sprinting after your target anyways. The ability to pounce, climb trees, track footprints/scents would have gone a long way to deepen the hunting mechanic. Another thing that would be amazing would be some kind of procedurally generated map. This would increase replay value a lot, instead of living as the next generation in the same den. It really feels like an unfinished concept.Overall though, I did not hate it enough to give it a downvote. It's a neat concept that may be worth a play or two, but don't expect too much out of it."
76561198201103213,Recommended,275100,25797971,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Steeamycat2,A beautiful game. So emotional.
76561198381359099,Recommended,275100,32853535,Posted: 27 June,all,shelrn,Moon ust suddenly died of Eagle attack Inna: Oh no!!!! *Later That Day* Cloud Died Of An Eagle I tried fending of Inna: *Crying* *Even More Later* Cake just decides to get stuck in weeds Inna: OMG I SWEAR THIS CUBS! *Even Later Later That Day* Peach Decided to try to die of starvation Inna: Kill me now -_- *Grabs Bunny And Gives It To Peach*w
,Recommended,275100,32899159,Posted: 27 June,all,Obi#Wan,"I cannot describe how well Might and Delight did at this game. It has a buetiful art style, incredible music, and some of the best immersion I've ever felt in a game.The music stands out among other games due to its simplicity and timing. Unlike most games, Shelter 2 does not always play music. This can sometimes leave awkward or even scary moments, but this is by design. Not having music all of the time gives you time to reflect and makes those times when music does play all the more precious.I was amazed at the level of immersion this game gave me. I actually stopped playing because of how stressed out I was while playing. I truly felt like those lynx children were my children, and I cared for them as such. I constantly worried that I wasn't feeding them enogh and that there was a predator ready to take my children as a snack. This may sound bad, but I think of it as indescribably enjoyable.Overall, I would recomend this game to anyone who thinks this game looks remotely good/interesting."
,Recommended,275100,32902953,Posted: 27 June,all,Ashrifel,Very nice artistic style.
76561198399244269,Recommended,275100,32645776,Posted: 22 June,all,syd4panda,"i bought shelter 2 mostly for the landscape and the beautiful art, but i soon realized as i started to play the game, that the gameplay is so smooth. in my experience, since i've only played the game once, none of my babies died. Although, i still cried, but for different reasons. no matter if you're emotional, or heartless, this game teaches you a valuable lesson, and i think $15 is totally worth it (i also bought the shelter 2 soundtrack, which doesn't change the game, but changes the way you feel). thank you and i hope this helped someone pondering about getting this game. xoxo"
76561198363064524,Recommended,275100,33098433,Posted: 1 July,all,caseyschott,"This game is confusing at the start because you don't know what to focus on. Overall i'd say its better than the first game, escpecially the family tree in which you can expand for however long you want untill all children die and yourself."
76561198370775233,Recommended,275100,33008837,Posted: 29 June,all,xXx_TacoGiraffe_xXx,"The art style is beautiful in this game, the simple design is really soft on the eyes. The snow, trees, leafs and even the rocks look fantastic! The game play is also very simple as well, keep you and your Lynx babies alive. The controls are a bit awkward in the begging, but once you get the hang of it it's fairly easyAnyone who wants a relaxing (Some times intense) game to past the time, I'll definitely recommend the Shelter games"
76561198266191686,Recommended,275100,33082387,Posted: 1 July,all,P0neh,"Stunning game. I love the art style and the freedom you have roaming the different areas. The game can be difficult sometimes, but also easy depending on how you choose to play.Warning: You might get attached to the little cubs on your screen. I've cried on multiple occasions when i have lost a few of them.Can also be fun to kill them."
,Recommended,275100,33149687,Posted: 2 July,all,General,It really get to you.9/10
,Recommended,275100,33005190,Posted: 29 June,all,aynsleyswims,great game
76561198312683481,Recommended,275100,33024067,Posted: 29 June,all,Levigameing,It's a good game and will melt your heart
,Recommended,275100,32463773,Posted: 15 June,all,2f. That One Loser,"Great design and soundtrack, Better graphics and better movement than the first game of the series. This one is an open world game, but it is a lot more repetitive than the first. Nevertheless, it was still a fun experience playing this game."
76561197986929011,Recommended,275100,32466598,Posted: 16 June,all,amirlx,"Ending made me call my mom.The artwork is beautiful!The gameplay is good, but it's more of a story than a game.  Definitely worth the asking price and playing through at least once."
76561198035712020,Recommended,275100,14912237,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,ark,"This is one of those few special games you play in life, even if is a bit short and maybe dont have lots of content Shelter 2 is pure love, the game industry needs more games like this one."
76561198181458601,Recommended,275100,14993529,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,SIFAKA,I love this extremely heartbreaking game
,Recommended,275100,14994535,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,çlåss¥ påßlø,i would totaly recoment this game for anybody.50/10 best survival game i played so far
,Recommended,275100,14875939,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Zaquelle,"Got this game since it reminded me so much of a game that I played while growing up (Wolf Quest). Was hoping it was a more expanded and detailed verison of it but ended up falling a little bit short in the actual need for survival. Really wish there was a maybe button since I would recommed it to someone I know would enjoy what the game does offer.For those  who simply want a game that they could play to wind down on, want an out of the box experince, and have a good time then this is it. If you're expecting a realistic reprisnation of how lynx's have to make it out in the wild and a sense of preditor vs prey, you're going to have a bad time. There's not many preditors and the only time I ran into wolves was when all my cubs left the nest and I was wondering the snow area.Overall, I like the game but it's got its kinkys that could have been worked on before release. Would give it a 6.5/10, it interesting but lacks the intensity that would keep me playing."
76561198128446113,Recommended,275100,14939367,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,typeo3,"This is a game where you don't think, but become the mother linx. I felt love for the cubs. I was happy when they were ok, and sad when the died. This is a great game with wonderful graphics, smooth charecter movement, a small story that lets you finish it you own way, beautifly and creative music, and a family tree that lets you play in the life of you own cubs when they have grown.R.I.P Bova  :'("
,Recommended,275100,15007105,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,BenStegel,"It´s good, but i have run into a lot of bugs..."
76561198141192613,Recommended,275100,14955589,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Jade,"I love this game so much, I already plaied 4 and a half hours. ;)"
76561198093089621,Recommended,275100,14958233,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Mayu,"Shelter 2 is a really good game. You can play it fast by just feeding your cubs and letting them grow, or you can play it like I do. I try to feed them until they are big enough to hunt by themselves, but not leaving you behind. And then explore the map, which is really big  btw. I found some icebergs and a dead mammoth (I think it's a mammoth). And I still haven't found all the collectables. So far I dind't encounter any wolves, but that might be just luck."
76561198085319991,Recommended,275100,15084321,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,homycheesenipsquad,"This is my first time playing a Shelter game, and this one is great and making me think about buying the first one. I don't have much time into the game as it is a fairly short game, but I have spent 60 dollers on games that wouldn't even compare to this game. There isn't much interaction between yourself and your cubs but somehow you become emotionally attached to them. When you see one die your heart breaks a little inside and for the next 10-15 minutes you sit there thinking about how you messed up and you could have saved your little cub. The art style is amazing and I haven't seen anything like it before but they pulled it off amazing. When I first went into the game I was wondering how they could make the foliage work with the art style and they did it great the bushes actually block your vision and makes you want to stay away from them as much as you can on the hunt and it also slows you down a little bit. The grass, the trees, and the bushes just look amazing and blows me away. The music in this game is also amazing when I saw they were selling the sound track seperatly from the game I knew it was going to be. I always listen to my own music when I play games and mute the game music but this one made me pause my music and turn the music in the game up. It's absolutely fantastic. This game also doesn't take much effort but at the same time it really feels like it does, deciding whether to feed yourself or your cubs will happen all the time as you're surviving. There are a few things that could be fixed in the game. The camera is a little wonky if you're in a tight area but you could go the entire game and not notice it at all because you don't spend really anytime in tight confined areas. Another thing that would be completely optional is a toggle stealth button, now there is already a stealth feature in the game but it's only when you come close to deer and you have to be very close for it to toggle on. It doesn't work with rabbits or any other prey from my experiance. All in all this game is great if you want to sit down and have a chill day/evening where you don't have to think about much but have a lot of fun. It also has controller support which I have yet to test out and will for sure in the future. The family tree allows you to keep playing even after you beat the game which is great and really is a neat feature. I would definitly buy this game if you have the 15 dollers, it's not fast paced not too hard thinking wise and I'd buy it again for sure."
76561198136234237,Recommended,275100,15101040,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Jadedrake,"This is a game for people who love animals and love to explore, I loved the fact that your cubs grew and that you can explore a dyanamic world. It would have been nicer if the creators added a free-mode, so you could just explore and get to know the game more, or if there was a multiplayer. Overall this is a great game and I enjoyed playing it!"
,Recommended,275100,15103021,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,SteffiSyndrome,"The controls can be a bit of a struggle at first but once I started over the next day it was a piece of cake. Just hunt a LOT any chance you get. The map to me was the biggest mystery, really. That is the only major minus to me, it is really unclear - unless I missed something - as to where to go??That aside it is an extremely sweet and emotional game. It is simple and beautiful. You raise your cubs and have to feed them non stop, no matter whether YOU are worn out, babies are number one priority. I lost one due to a wolf attack at night which was ... man, look ... I hate to get over emotional over anything but that was a tear jerker. As was the ending and ... their little sounds and ...JUST BUY THE DAMN THING!"
,Recommended,275100,15026688,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,tanukihat,Wow this game is different from the first Shelter.  It's much more open-ended and much more arcadey.  I like it a lot.
,Recommended,275100,15026689,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,anddan0123,great game. Makes you really sad.
,Recommended,275100,15012993,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Cute Beaver,"This little survival simulator as a mother Lynx is almost Zen-like. No two playthroughs are ever the same, and i would strongly encourage exploration because there are hidden pathways between zones, waterfalls, secret passageways, collectables, and acheivements to unlock. If you stay in the starter zone out of fear of losing cubs, your going to have a boring time. Any surviving offspring can be played on your next playthrough which is a mini game in itself, allowing you to select various coat patterns and colors.Positives:-Charming Graphics.-Music perfectly sets the mood.-Kittens <3-Map style unique and charming.-Detailed enviornments-Randomly generated threats.-Collectables are well hidden.-All four seasons.-Biomes (Which can be exploited for easy food depending on the season.)-Weather (although it doesn't seem to affect anything besides frame rate)-Good replay value as long as you like collecting things.Negatives-Not enough randomly generated threats.-Not enough types of threats.-No risk of injury from hunting. (ect)-No increased difficulty mode for hardcore gamers-No day and night cycle.  (Night is a randomly generated threat)-Food / water / energy is all one simplified resource-Its possible to never feed your mother Lynx. Breaks emersion.While the game is small, the three main zones are incredibly detailed and it does provide an excellent proof of concept for the studio. An open world animal survival simulator is viable, however this IS their first attempt. Go into this game knowing the difficulty level will be set to LOW.... Probably to appeal to a wider audience. As of right now there is no way to increase the challenge. The developers have listened to feedback and now enable us to skip intro / ending scenes when we continue with the family tree.Its interesting to see how the first shelter had absolutly no player freedom, and now things have swung to the opposite side, where players have too much freedom and some do not do well without being told where they ""need"" to go.Pick this up if you like to explore with kittens and make your own way through a world without anyone telling you what you should do.My Personal Wishlist:-Hardcore Mode Added: Food / Water / Energy Bars-Healthy and Injured player status:-Risk of being kicked and injured by deer.-Enemy encounters / ability to Hiss / fight them off.-Injured state reduces overall available energy for 24 hours.-Day and night cycle added.-At ""minimum"" 3 days and 3 nights per ""season"" to extend the games time span.-Food sources only respawns at the start of each season (forcing players move between zones)More threats:SPRING:  Fog Clouds reduce visibility when hunting.SPRING: Rivers move rapidly, creating intermitent waves. Drink from safer sources.SPRING: Bridges near rivers may become more dangerious to pass due to the waves.SUMMER:  Lightning strikes (producing fires, and mostly just scaring nearby cubs)SUMMER:  Forest Fires & and the blobby smoke clouds near them to reduce visbility / choke cubs.SUMMER:  Increased overall drain on thirst meter.FALL: Rabbit population disapears after dusk. Repears at dawn.FALL: Voles, and deer remain active through the night as a food source.FALL: Black Bears appear near wooded areas and streams.WINTER: Some water sources freeze over.WINTER: Longer Night Cycle. Only deer, at night and preditors.WINTER: Blizzards ruin visbility, reduce energy levels in order to keep warm."
,Recommended,275100,15019569,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Taipan™,"Basically you raise your cute little cubs by slaughtering as many rabbits, deer, rats, frogs and random eggs that you can find. You dedicate yourself to protecting them and feeding them. After about 1.5 hours of this they are fully grown and the ungratful little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s abandon you. Leaving you feeling without a purpose. You return to you den, follow lights, meet new mate, game ends. It felt very short particularly for a $15 game. It only takes 1h-1.5h per generation to complete. There are collectables which will unlock achievements. I didn't run into any wolves, only the blob which I kept clear of.I would give this a 6/10. The art is awesome and the idea of bring out our maternal instints was enjoyable, however game was VERY short and was not much varity of food or harsh events that tests your resolve. I had no trouble raising my kittens with rabbits and deer being my main food source. I reconmend, but this game should only be worth $5."
76561198081101696,Recommended,275100,15023531,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,KMickle,"This is one of the rare games obviously designed by an artist, not an engineer. As a direct consequence, the game experience is within the emotional plane, not rational. In other words, this game is more about seeing and feeling than about competition and making rational choices.Gameplay mechanics is all aboutstruggling to keep the faily well-fed. So, from purely mechanical side of view, replayability is extremely limited. It typically takes 2~3 hours to complete the game.The beauty of the game comes from the feelings it induces. The unique graphics (check screenshots, that is how it looks) is well combined with beautiful music and animation. The world looks good, and subject to seasonal changes that seem perfectly natural if you're do not watch them on purpose.SUMMARY:the game leaves a deep psychological imprint and is extremely immersive. Way too simple game mechanics is likely to make subsequent games less interesting, but the experience is well worth the price."
,Recommended,275100,14964926,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,GenX.Game Reaper,This game is so fun...to me atleast. If you like survival games and or nature im sure you will like this it has alot of promise and I think it can become somthing epic but if you are hoping for action packed FPS's this game is not for you :P (LYNX 360 NOSCOPE!)
76561198127657486,Recommended,275100,14925370,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Mandiru,"This is a rather quick game, 90 minutes in and I have ""beat"" the game. That is, I have reared one litter of linx cubs into adulthood and they have left to start their own lives, leaving me to the solitude of my own den. But at the same time that is only the beginning of the game, as you can choose to start anew playing as one of the cubs that have made it into adulthood.A few things:The game is pretty intuitive. Left shift lets you run, and right click allows you to sense for nearby prey. Left click can either call your cubs to you, drop a prey item from your mouth, or carry your cubs. Lastly, the spacebar allows you to jump onto nearby ledges, or onto deer you're hunting.Cubs can become starved over time. When you first call your cubs to your side, they sound like happy, playful kittens. As they become hungry they will cry in pain and eventually stop moving. When this happens you will need to either move your cubs to the food or bring the food to them. I lost a cub somewhat early on because I didn't realize one had gone to the point of starvation and I had lost sight of it. That's right, while you can track prey you cannot track where you cubs may have fallen. Sure, there are icons that appear over their heads when you're ""sensing"" and they're near, but as soon as you've moved too far away... In hindsight, I should have realized. The cubs grow and shrink slightly in size dependant on how full they are, be sure to keep that in mind.The prey you will be tracking will consist of marmots (gophers), rabbits, and deer. Rabbits are the most abundant in the game, and usually occur in groups of 2-3. They can only feed two of your brood, yourself included. Marmots dash around occasionally, but tend to hide into little holes that they dig. They can only feed one of your group. Deer are more rare, but when successfully taken down will feed your entire family.There are two main phases of the game; when your cubs are young, and when they are adolescents. When your cubs are young they are 100% dependant on you to hunt for food. In the second phase, they will catch items of opprotunity. Meaning, if a gopher is nearby they will snag and eat it, the same goes for passing rabbits. It's rare, but it can happen."
,Recommended,275100,14926084,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,ChfEng,"Pros:-Creative idea and diffrent consept-Playing as a wild cat-Live like a cat, die like a cat-World is tried to be reflected from a cat's eyes and I think this is a success.-Soundtracks and effects are pretty good.Cons:-Game repeats itself pretty hard. Basically, Hunt, eat, hunt, feed youglings.-Bad camera control.As a conclusion, a game deserves it's price and shines itself among standart games."
,Recommended,275100,19701158,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Logo_The_Faux,This is an excellent game. I love the art style and for a cat lover like me to be a wild cat and protect my family made me feel stronger! ;3
,Recommended,275100,14969431,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,αγCarman Dirda,"I love this game, and get really into it.  I've played two runs so far, my first going surprisingly much better than my second.  It's a lot of fun to explore the open world, and I really feel the pressure in the winter to find food.  I lost a kitten on my second go when they were almost grown a poorly timed wolf escapade that starved him out.The game isn't really complicated at all, and I hope future titles continue to advance whats here.  I know it isn't a super high up there game, and a lot of people knock it for that, but it's a beautiful, playable art piece that is fun in a way that you have to appreciate to enjoy.  It's more about exploration and balance than anything, and I get excited every time I find something new.It won't be a title for everybody, especially the strictly ""hardcore"" gamers, but if you loved WolfQuest back in the day, exploring and survival, this will be a treat!All in all, the style is great, the controls are very simple and easy to understand, and I think I need to buy the soundtrack now, too! :)Quick cons: I seem to have a glitch after the credits (which may be solved by redownloading it, I haven't seen anyone else with the same problem) that causes the main menu to spaz out and I have to force close the game with the manager.  Again, I have not seen anyone else with this issue.The other thing is really just a nitpick, because I'm used to hitting 'esc' and going back to the game from any menu - maybe when in the map or collectables menu, make it so 'esc' returns you to the game rather than opens the pause menu?  I make this mistake all the time, and it's just a minor thing, but it would save from getting jarred from the game."
76561198007217051,Recommended,275100,14971981,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Sabretooth,fisrt time playing this and.......ITS BRIllIENT! hoping they make one with cheetahs next!
,Recommended,275100,14816315,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Zozzle,"I lost 1 cub and then cried for 3 hours, this game is as amazing if not more than its previous iterration. i want them to do this with every animal i would be broke and happy at the same.overall very melancholy tones some sadness and bringing down a high speed deer is incredably satisfying.10/10"
,Recommended,275100,14816738,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,JuryRigged,"An hour in. It's all I expected it to be, and I'm loving it so far.The art style defines the game well, and the world contains touches that feel appropriate to the eyes of an animal. (I actually laughed when I realized the fiery ball in the sky was set atop a mountain.)As much as I do recommend it, Shelter 2 isn't a game for everyone.  Other reviewers have commented that the story, simple as it is, can pull you in.  I worried when I heard the mewling cry of a cub, weak and hungry, and I panicked the second time when no rabbits were nearby to feed them.  This isn't a hyper-detailed wildlife simulation, but it has casual roots and 'tells' a simple story about a family."
,Recommended,275100,14816917,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,B21Munhoz,I'm a terrible mother ='(At least Solda survived my bad parenting and became a beautiful lady (i think) =')
,Recommended,275100,14817035,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,186 MPH GSXR,Well done Might and Delight! I am starting to become a huge fan of these devs/publisher. Great sequal to Shelter 1. I love chasing rabbits. Catch 3 at a time when I can get a group. Now onto create my 3rd generation which makes me wonder how far the family tree goes!
76561198056495024,Recommended,275100,14817074,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,A mere silhouette,"This game is amazing, and i think this is the best game i've ever played. My favorite part about this is you don't die at the end, and you get to be your cubs. [if they survived] I became my last one alive, and it was great. I didn't know about this until my friend told me, and i like how you don't have to restart, and you can become different colors with different markings. What i don't like is that you can't really choose the colors and markings, but then that would be straight-up unnatural. I think this game is perfect for me, and i think you should definatly get it. #bestgameever"
,Recommended,275100,14817706,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Mattorn,This game is quite good.Pro'sArt styleAmbient feelFamily treeEasy to learnCollectablesGood gameplayCon'sThere are some bugsShort(little over an hour to finish)Was it worth the price?Yes
,Recommended,275100,14817980,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Wolfshadowblade[Usha],"The Feels Man....I Was Gonna Write A Day 1 Thing, But Then Steam Froze    9/10 Wouldn't Do Feels Train Again"
,Recommended,275100,14818232,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,ZombeiKid,My heart </3
76561198017577225,Recommended,275100,14822552,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,tykeyram,"I have been following Shelter 2's progress since its announce, and spent a good part of my time watching Lets Plays in the week leading up to its release.  This game was the first I have looked forward to in a long time, and I eagerly anticipated its release.  However, no sooner than it had loaded I realised the camera was bad.  Like really bad.   I am playing on a laptop, though I have tried with and without a mouse plugged in but it is still unplayable.  When prey comes on to the screen it lags to the extreme, and I cannot keep track of the rabbits as they move so fast, whilst the slow, laggy, irritating camera makes it impossible to do ANYTHING.  I have to rely on them running into my mouth and finding nests of eggs to eat.  I cannot even enjoy the beautiful scenery as it lags so badly.This would have been my game of the year if not for this issue.If anyone has a fix please let me know- I have tried with all graphics set on the lowest possible, no shadows and no reflection.  But still the problem persists.Im going to recommed this as I love the idea and artwork, it just unfortunately doesnt work on my laptop."
,Recommended,275100,14824243,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,zzzz...  depressed,"Fed my cubs a rabbit and one stopped moving, as i tried to get him to follow me a strange Black fog rolled over the hill and killed it and left. dont know wtf that was but now i have three cubs left...."
,Recommended,275100,14813465,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,The real Gene Scallop,POOP UR PANTS AWESOMElol i love it!
,Recommended,275100,14813741,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,emptyother,"Very therapeutic game. And a bit confusing, as i had trouble understanding the gameplay. Or the lack of gameplay more like. You eat, you let your kids eat, theres a lot to eat. But were kinda proud when one of the kids managed to find food himself. And the occasional panic when they suddenly lie down and start screaming for seemingly no reason. Or when wolves appear.And a wonderful artstyle. I was mostly just enjoying free-roaming around watching clouds pass by and winter being replaced by spring, summer then autumn while chasing rabbits and deer. No day/night cycle it seems, night time is only in scripted sequences. Theres weather of different types. And not much to do other than enjoying it and explore. I enjoyed it."
,Recommended,275100,14813788,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,.»♥KuroNeko♥«.,"Stunning Game, Its truely beautiful. <3 So happy i bought it.the gameplay is great, the story is captivating."
76561198100475655,Recommended,275100,14813984,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Shippety Doo Dah,"Shelter 2 is a beautiful game, both in terms of the art and in terms of the gameplay. If you played and liked the last Shelter game, even just a bit, then you will LOVE this. You play as a mother Lynx, Inna, protecting and nurturing her cubs in the open world tundra. The art is magnificent to behold, and everything melds perfectly together for the eye. The music, by the same people as for the last game, also fits the environment extremely well.The new gameplay elements and other deviatons from the first Shelter game feel perfectly natural alongside the original. So far, I'm voting this best game of 2015."
76561198061788525,Recommended,275100,14814191,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Aduwek,Really fun game but there aren't enough challenges perhaps adding predators would have been a good idea?
,Recommended,275100,14814493,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Raw_Sauce_BOOM,"9/10 I enjoyed it from start to finish, the way the games looks, feels and the ending. Holyshit the ending, definately recommend this game to EVERYONE, an emotional journey to say the least.Just one complaint from my side, Not sure if its a part of the game. Anyhow, I never died until the ending but when I did die my ""cub"" who had already parted with me, it got killed somehow and I cannot progress with it on the family tree. And in my opinion since it's no longer under my protection I shouldn't effect it... Great game otherwise! love it."
76561197989100364,Recommended,275100,30481390,Posted: 12 March,all,Vanguard1980_NL,"After playing Shelter 1, and seeing some trailers and screenshots of Shelter 2 I was really excited. Shelter 2 was going to feature a number of great improvements in contrast to Shelter 1: an open world, non-linear gameplay, a ""story mode"", a meaningful day and night cycle.... and last but not least, it would be a story about a Lynx and her cubs. Seeing how I absolutely love Felines of all sizes I just had to play this game.So did Shelter 2 live up to its hype and promises? Well... yes and no.Shelter 2's feel is similar to its predecessor: a hybrid of a Bambi/Lion King animal based story, with a clear Circle of Life theme, spiced with loss, altruism and tragedy and an artistic painted storybook look to it. Pure art and emotion.The game, in all it's simplicity and with its limited length and replay value grabs a hold of you and leaves you in equal measure impressed, feeling uneasy and with renewed insight of how fragile life can be, especially in the Wilds as part of the food chain.The Dev's clearly learned from Shelter 1 and improved many things for Shelter 2: a large open world, better controls, better graphics, introduction of predator view for assistance during hunting, implementation of the family tree and a great soundtrack that adds a lot of atmosphere and emotion to the story. Both HUD and tutorial are minimalistic at best: you are thrust into the world with only a few hints about what to do, it doesn't hold your hand and you are left with just your wits and instincs. Very appropriate indeed.However, the best aspect in the game is by far the way Mother Lynx and her cubs are portrayed: the way they move and sound (the cubs are VERY cute) but also how vulnerable this family is in a vast, dangerous open world. I found myself constantly trying to keep everyone together and worried about the threat of starvation and lurking predators.The first time an eagle got one of my cubs and flew away while hearing my cub scream in pain and terror it really brought me to tears, and I genuinely hated that eagle. After that there were more very close calls, heartwrenching incidents or nerve wrecking moments protecting my cubs.  The game does that even better than Shelter 1, even though it's just a game and not even a ""photorealistic"" simulation. THAT is just how strong Shelter 2 can get its message across to the player, how it can suck you in and claw at your heart and into your emotions.Sadly, it's not all sunshine and daisies, there are things that could and should be improved:- There doesn't seem to be a real day and night cycle, nor corresponding consequences.- The den, at first a safe haven, is virtually uselesss after your cubs start to follow you around. It would have been more interesting if it had been bigger than an alcove (it doesn't feel safe at all) and had a real in-game use. Perhaps returning there when injured, exhausted or during extreme weather?- The world, for all it's splendor, seems empty. There are a few species to hunt and a few predators to look out for, but not having the impact of natural disasters like floods, forest fires, extreme snowfall or even an earthquake is a missed opportunity. the only thing that gets close is the weird ""blob"" phenomenon that sometimes occurs.- Collectibles have no real in-game use, they just unlock achievements. Achievements are fun, but it would be even more fun if collectibles would get you improves stats, more skills, a better den, additonal prey, mini games etc.- Replay value would have been better if starting a new game as one of your cubs had a different origin point and den, not the same as the original Mother Lynx.To conclude this review, like Shelter 1, Shelter 2's topic, style and gameplay might not be for everyone... BUT what it does, it does very well and I can recommend this shiny gem to anyone who's up for experiencing ""something different"", especially if you - like me - love big cats.In short:Pros:- Artistic- Unique- Controls are improved- Predator view is very useful- Open world that can be freely explored- Family tree is a nice touch and offers some replay value- Experience a beautiful but painfully clear Circle of Life story- Appeals to your emotions and has a psychological impact- Clings to your thoughts long after you stopped playingCons:- Graphic style won't appeal to everyone- Generation storyline is quite short- The Den is rather useless after your cubs start to follow you- No day and night cycle (might be an unattended glitch)- Collectibles have no in game use other than unlocking achievements- World seems empty and uneventful- Low replay value apart from seeing your cubs raising kids themselves and continuing your legacy"
,Recommended,275100,15208998,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,clatham2003,"This game is so addicting, I cant stop playing! I love the graphics and I totally recommend gettig this game."
,Recommended,275100,15258432,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Wildiful,"The art style and gameplay are both very unique. I love the family-tree/generations feature, It's really cool raising cubs as one of your surviving lynxes from the last litter, I'm currently raising my fifth generation of cubs. It does get repetitive but it's strangely addicting, it isn't for everyone. I do wish there was a little more to do overall but it is awesome. One time when I had a white cub I named her Bleach xD   8/10 would play everyday"
76561197971490294,Recommended,275100,15259454,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,I.T Drift,What a great game! Very relaxing and earthly to just live the life of a Lynx and survive. Whats even more cool is you get to play on as any surviving cubs you may have.
76561198031154612,Recommended,275100,15149305,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,tonythegardener,"bought this for my 6 year old daughter to play. I enjoyed it somewhat when showing her how to play.She plays it and Shelter all the time. It is a bit difficult and sad as mistakes cost the life of your babies.However, this has not dissuaded her from trying to do better each time."
76561197970961690,Recommended,275100,15219775,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,pösmunk,Genial game about life and the beauty and horrors of nature.
,Recommended,275100,15137908,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,SlinkyPaladin,"This game is perfect. It's right in that golden middle point of being artistic, cute, complex, heartwarming and so on. It is challenging enough to keep you playing, has a wonderful story with a lesson about survival and is gorgeous to look at. I found it interesting how I experienced a huge set of emotions playing this game for no more than a half an hour. It is mesmerizing and I would recommend it to everyone.10/10"
,Recommended,275100,17480329,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Innocent Gun,"Lovley art, setting, music, and mood, but can be very repetitive. Lots of patience required to play this game."
76561198159155609,Recommended,275100,17389918,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Why Am I Here?,;)
76561198200771474,Recommended,275100,17393044,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,omaewa,This game is WONDERFULL!! it is worth 100 percent of the money. You could play forever because it is an open ended/sand box game. The graphic are beautiful.This game a small amount of bugs:* haven your full grown pups eaten by wolves ( this is meant for when they are still little.)*your pups not dying.... ( i lost my white pup in winter and she starved to death... but in the loading screen it still showed 4 pups. They go away if 1 dies. it also showed in the family tree she was alive. but the entire time i played until the rest of the pups were full grown she was no where to be scene.)*hunting. (it shows the sounds/graphics i killed something and i look around and smell and everything THERE AINT NO RABBIT!)WORTH THE MONEY BUY IT!!
76561198234686668,Recommended,275100,16539295,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,smartah,i think you should add more animals to hunt oh and for shelter 3 if you are going to make it.... can it be wolfs? so if you like the ide plz make it i love wolfs thx!!!
,Recommended,275100,16542410,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Enigma☭,"Shelter 2 is not your typical FPS. The gameplay and style of this game is completely different than 'normal' games you would find on the market. While the overall concept of the game is intact, it never gets repetetive. Completed the game? You can start over, and even have the option of becoming one of your surviving offspring, and continue a family legacy. If most of your cubs died the first time you played, then if you play again and again, you can reach your goal of all the cubs surviving, and become more experienced at the game. The mountains have added a new realm to the game, and completly alters the original way of living in a forest or plain enviroment. Overall, this game is so much fun to play, and a big improvment to the previous Shelter. Keep up the amazing work!"
76561198068608724,Recommended,275100,16931165,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,The Captain,"Although i reccomend this game i would only reccomend it to certain people, this game was great the first time but it felt very repetitive and short, if it took longer for the cubs to mature and there were more options to do stuff, stuff  like making your own dens ina  bigger map, have more dangers occur, i would feel like it would be gr8 m8, dont get me worng great game for the first time palying through but idont think i would want to expand the family tree in fear of it getting to repetitive and boring."
76561198103814335,Recommended,275100,14830304,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Gavin,"Game was short, I am mom, make heart sad, but also make heart happy, how can mirrors be real if our eyes aren't real? but now we come to a controversy oh noes. To be good mum need have needy kid? or can kids be not. Anyway, that besissdes the point of game game is not about mumming is about growing up and then erryone leefs u cause well they're ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s but ok anyway, good game."
76561198003225421,Recommended,275100,14874882,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Sonja,Absolutely love this game.  It has my heart going from second one all the way up till the end. The open map and no words of guidance besides keeping your family alive is fantastic.It's beautiful.  It's cute.  Buy it :)
,Recommended,275100,14876867,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Hannahlini,"Wonderful, immersive, emotional"
,Recommended,275100,14826299,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,|TG-Irr| Aufklarer,"-Bought Shelter 2-Installed Shelter 2-Ran from wolves-Had babies-Named Inna's babies: Gadda, Davida, Ferum, Papili-Hunted Rabbits-Fed babies-Hunted deer-Fed babies-Winter is coming-Can't find enough food quick enough for all babies-Gadda lays down-Hunt for a rabbit-Lose Gadda-Cannot find Gadda-WHERE IS MY BABY?-RIP Gadda-Cried real life tears-Uninstalled Shelter 210/10 Would cry again."
76561198056794415,Recommended,275100,14827766,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,konzencad,Great game but several hours in still babies...do they grow up?
76561198158414862,Recommended,275100,14828565,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Hydrosting,I cant even finish this game. my first cub died and im already crying. nope. cant do it
,Recommended,275100,14828719,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,blweitzel,"The reason I purchased this game was because of the beautiful watercolor graphics depicted in the trailer. But the game turned out to be so much more than just water colors; it was a game of true beauty. Shelter 2 has done its predescessor just in advancement of gameplay, graphics, and story line. Shelter 2 definitely provides many hours of intriguing gameplay and allows you to be immersed in the game fully. Job well done, Might and Delight."
76561198027941121,Recommended,275100,14828818,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,MortalCultist(AUT),"A really interesting game, yet too small.It says surviving together, which means with your kitties.It's a great game when you first try it and about the next 3/4h .You have to feed your kitties by any means eggs, frogs, rabbits, deer and rats.Each zone has a different population and chance on wolves. Beware: even with 4 fully grown lynx and yourself you can't take on even one wolve.After your kitties have grown up, the game is pretty much done and you can start all over ( with a new lynx).The levels won't change, so it's one and the same.I'd like to have seen a bit more of a difficult game or maybe more diversity.Overall it's okay. Buy it when it's on sale or else you might think of this indie game as a bit overpriced."
76561198017645218,Recommended,275100,14828977,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Mao Ze Dong,"I love how the game tells you nothing and yet communicates a very powerfull set of feelings across the game. Curiosity, Happiness, Anxiety, Fear and Sadness.This is a game that isn't trying to be anything. It just is.A piece of art in game form."
,Recommended,275100,14829276,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Kyriptus :),"nice short indie game, I enjoyed it, go through the life of the young from cubs to adults, i lost one of my cubs to the wolf pack though :("
76561198102265216,Recommended,275100,14829310,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,No Thanks,I really like the game because it really explains how wild animals survive and how hard it is to be a wild animal but a mom.you have to feed them and wait for them make sure they dont die and it does have some weird stuff like a snowflake in a grass mountain but i still like it plus i love cats and when it comes to lynx and baby lynx i LOVE IT.
,Recommended,275100,14829349,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Starkling,"Game play is simple. Run around hunting so your kids don't starve. The game is short unless you continue with a new family. I didn't run into any danger or hardships during my first round. The game itself is beautiful. Art and music is the main focus here. I hope there is more to this game than I first experienced sinceI want to play more, but I'm relucant because of the ""hunting simulator""-feel it got. If I could play with the cubs I would be so happy, like roll around with them or if they played together that would be amazingly cute. Also one thing I would love it if the next Lynx I picked would keep its colour. I named one of my first cubs Loki and he had black fur. I chose to continue with Loki, but the black fur was not even an option. I got the same colour as Inna... so it was basically her with a new name."
76561198044271741,Recommended,275100,14829429,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,KalicoPanda,"It's so touching that you will feel all the feels that exsist, I am sad that two of my cubs died, but happy for the two that lived, my cubs names wheere Tibby (RiP) Kanga (RiP) Cass and Tranea, was so aweful to watch them diee, looking for food for them like a crazy Lynx, but never any around when theey need it most Q-Q, but totally give it a go, 1 Billion out of 10!"
,Recommended,275100,14830117,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Wolf,"Excellent and Beautiful. You start of as a mother lynx, trying to find somewhere to give birth. Then, you must take care of your cubs and hunt for them. The hunting mechanics are challenging for some, but are easy to master over time. The artwork is amazing as are the animations. You almost become attached to your family, and hunt to survive and keep your cubs alive.Over all, I give it a 9/10. Pretty much everything is perfect, enjoyable, and addictingly attachable. The only thing I suggest is to be able to name yourself and to have more homes and be able to sleep."
,Recommended,275100,14830205,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Gin,"Incredibly beautiful.Just went through my first run. Will take a second run soon, discovering the post-game continuation. :D"
,Recommended,275100,14830255,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,reshtaurant,Warning: Prolonged exposure to 'Shelter 2' will cause addiction.Seriously I love this game.
76561198098075825,Recommended,275100,14830765,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,the.5th.hour,Such a beautiful game. Caution: will induce heatbreak in most people.
76561198106986831,Recommended,275100,30448495,Posted: 11 March,all,overload,even though all my kittens survive i still cry at the end.
76561198174423494,Recommended,275100,23351614,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Eclipse_Of_The_Sun,if you love little babies and the sense of motherhood then please buy this!i cry everytime i finish this game but its worth it!Pros-anamationsstorydialog(text)designmusicand the almost realalistic behavoirs!Cons-(aka. WHAT THE! WHAT HAPPENED! moments)pick up a cub and set it down gently? NAH drop it(please dont get mad i laugh my butt off when this happens)uh....9.99999999999999999999999999999999999/10
,Recommended,275100,23263810,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Overgrown,"Heres what happend during my gameStarted and when i got into the den OMG THE BABIES WERE SO ADORABLE LOVED THEMConfused how to huntFound out howHunted more then my family neededA flood came and really hurt a baby and killed one, I WAS CRIEING AND TRYED TO LOAD BACKStarted a new gameDid goodMy babys went away as adults and i criedI found one of my babies AND I WAS CRIEING TEARS OF JOY!Its was so happy and adorable,loved it!But the only bad thing is that i dont think the overall game lasted long enoughother wise 9/10!Totally but it if you love surviving as animals/Kitties!"
,Recommended,275100,23315145,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,ivansbruker,I love the beautiful graphics
,Recommended,275100,23297125,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Fidget That Awesome Nimbat,"I love this game. I wont play anything without a good art style, and if your like me, you will love this game. Super simplistic and nice. All around just a very relaxing game that really shows the importance of mothers, feline or not."
76561198210444383,Recommended,275100,23413378,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Computercat55,"I love this game in so many ways. I loved the first one, and I love this one too. The art, soundtrack\music, and story of both games if astounding on so many levels. I do have a couple of questions though; (I have not bought the Mountains add-on yet, all though I plan too)-In one of the videos it shows Mother Lynx, or Inna, hunting deer like creatures. I did not incounter these, although I did look the second play through, and was not succesful. Do these show up on the Mountain add-on only? Or was i just looking in the wrong places?-Just a heads up for new player, if you care at all, you might not see those deer in the regular Shelter 2 game without the add-on, Mountains.-I also recommend you get the Mountains add-on, I haven't yet (but I plan too), I think it will improve the gameplay tremendously.-Also note that if you can't get the Mountains add-on, there is a setting to make gameplay harder without the add-on. Also not that it still doesn't add mountains, dont want any confusion here.-If you read this far, then you are a very determined person with a good sense of mind, and I admire your curiosity that keeps you going. Have a wnderful day!"
,Recommended,275100,23413926,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Kodopuppy,"So far, so much better than the first game. Better tutorial, better gameplay, better story, generally an improvement over all. Even the graphics, though the same blocky shaping as the first, is better resolution-wise. I've been able to get all four cubs to survive into adulthood and watching them leave actually did sting a bit, you spend a lot of time making sure they get their next meal and don't get eaten by an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ eagle. You're invested by the time it happens and hoping you can keep the family together. I'm looking forward to expanding the family tree and seeing just how big I can get it, as well as how many collectables I can grab on the way."
76561198140785431,Recommended,275100,23219079,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,RinOtaku12,"I just finished my first game run and it truelly was beautiful and made me tear up a bit, there where a few little glitches (rabbits run animation not working a few times and controlling problems while jumping) but all in all it was really an amazing game experience!!! 8/10 ducks"
76561198124530846,Recommended,275100,23231351,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Louisezies,"played, went to tundra, lost a baby, so many feels, poor snowy lynx. very recomend"
,Recommended,275100,23203502,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Kattros,"This game isn't exactly 'action-packed', but more of a sentimental rollercoaster of emotions.Pride seeing my kits born and leaving the den.Grief when I lost my oldest kit, Kiva, to wolves in the night.Weariness of constant hunting to keep the other three kits from collapsing in the cold winter storm.Pride again when they caught their first rabbit.Loss when they grew up and left my side.But the game hit me really hard in the feels when it was time to leave Earth and walk among the stars, where I met Kiva, who I lost so long ago.Though a little short, Shelter 2 is overall an amazing game with great ambience, graphics and music. I give this 8.5/10"
76561198042898804,Recommended,275100,23264249,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Chewbacca,"Amazing game!Just finished my first playthrough, and I'm so excited to continue my Lynx family's Legacy!TL:DR - Lost 2 cubs, found lots of stuff, enjoyed the music and the wonderful artstyle of this game. :DSo, from what I picked up on my first playthrough was:PROs:- Fun/Sad survival, open world game.- Adorable Lynx sprites.   :3- TONS of collectables (For all us completionists.)- Plenty of challenging Achievements to earn.- Trial and Error learning curve.   **- Great soundtrack! <3- Unique artstyle that makes a baron tundra and sky seem alive.- Time Passing and Seasons Changing!       ~ Emmersiveness- Lots of variety in prey/predator incounters.- Promising DLC with extra areas, prey, predators, music, and Achievements!** Some might consider this a CON, but the challenge is rather welcome in my opinion.CONS:- Restrictive boundaries.- Lack of explaination, direction, information.- Awkward jump physics.- No indicators of cub fatigue.- Cubs sometimes go missing without any explaination. T_TThis game is just amazing, I got it on sale but I'm most definitely willing to support this company by buying the DLC they currently have and any more they may release for this great game. I hope everyone is willing to give this game a shot, it has something that most survival games are missing, some sort of fear or worry for the defenseless and the struggle to keep a family alive from the harsh environment."
,Recommended,275100,23516879,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Vezokair,Every time I play this game my heart rate goes up to like 200 bpm in fear of losing cubs.10/10 would stress myself to death again.
76561198060191430,Recommended,275100,23800805,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Wolfheart,"So I recently bought Shelter 2 and the mountains DLC (summer sale). I haven't played a lot yet, but what I have played is amazing. The graphics are unique and beautiful. I still have a lot to learn, but I am looking forward to logging many hours in this game. It was sad when I lost my first baby to an eagle. (didn't know I could jump on it and save them.) Then I think my second baby I lost was to hunger or injuries. I had saved it from another eagle.10/10P.S. Hey makers of shelter! Please make one with wolves <3 would love it. Could even do co-op with 2 wolf parents."
76561198231960156,Recommended,275100,23767097,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,TwixTheWolf,day 1:fed all my babies all alive started travelling a bitday 2: killed 2 fesents (dont correct me) all babies aliveday 3: Killed a dear and I had a rabbit of my own all babies aliveday 4: chased by wolves thought I lost my light brown 1 (which i named bean) but he survived so all babies survivedday 5: had a very relaxing day and all my babies survivedday 6: thought my red 1 (I named apple) died and I got very sad but hes alive so all survivedIf u guys can give me suggestions on what to do now because im almost done with the game and all my babies are all alive and well
,Recommended,275100,23742376,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Sadistic Unicorn,This is a really cute game it was worth buying it :3
,Recommended,275100,23750798,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,SabiApril,"Has about 1 hour of gameplay, several glitches and bugs.Still, I don't regret getting this game, it has a lovely story, a wonderful style and a couple of really cool mechanics."
,Recommended,275100,30645733,Posted: 20 March,all,DinoGummi,"I call this game, ""Watch as your children die in front of you."""
,Recommended,275100,30755778,Posted: 26 March,all,BingeWitherTITles,"I have 27 hours on record of playing Shelter 2, and therefore finally find myself able to state the pros and cons efficiently.So, to start off, I want to be a bit basic and give you the pros and cons before going individually and being detailed with each one. If you are looking to purchase the game, be sure to read the detailed pieces.Pros -• You are in an open world with multiple terrains and territories to explore freely• There is a real good element of reality in it, from the AI to the actions and how they react towards situations• There are little cut-scenes yet they explain the story line and what is to come• The graphics are gorgeous if you love the out of the ordinary• There are multiple game settings to choose the difficulty in the options menu• Completely adjustable movement settings and surrounding visuals• Season changes• A family tree, once finished you can play as your cubs with new pelt colours• A naming option to identify your cubs individually• A clearer plot line to the original Shelter 1• MoreCons -• It can be short ( 2.5hrs max )That's literally it.Everyone complains at the controls, yet, you can change them. Go into your options, and stop complaining.It is short, but it's a completed game and there are multiple Might & Delight games out there that continue this game.The graphics are made like this for a reason, and are clearly shown in the trailer.Please don't complain when you do not know what you are on about!!"
76561198100702246,Recommended,275100,14884466,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Ember_Fox,"If you played the original Shelter game and loved it, but wanted more freedom, this game is perfect. As a mother lynx with four cubs (which become playable characters if they survive - you can also name them!) you explore a large map just as beautiful if not more so than the first Shelter game. Avoid wolves and catch rabbits, lemmings, frogs, pheasants and deer to keep your family alive as the seasons change. Overall the game is pretty easy-going. There's not as much of a story like there was in Shelter 1.The SETTING is particularly interesting. The deer in Shelter 2 have long fangs, and I'm told fanged deer have long since been extinct. There is also a dead wooly mammoth in the glacier area of the map as well, which leads me to think Shelter 2 takes place in some sort of late ice age. VERY COOL!!! My compliments to the game developers on that one!"
76561198033984598,Recommended,275100,18962111,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Animono,Rating: 5/10
76561198243086272,Recommended,275100,17854834,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Wolves211,"I LOVE THIS GAME! Though it took me 3 tries to have all 4 babies live... D: But, it's a little fun game, Despite the lag i have... It's a beautiful game and i totally Recommend This!!10/10 It's worth the money!"
76561198183011926,Recommended,275100,23934336,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,waterliza18,"This is such a heartwarming game and at the end i broke up in tears .I recommend this game becuase it lets you eperience the life of a lynx mother and how stressfuland glourious nature and be,Although i didnt enconter any preditors exept for in the intro.I struggled to feed the cubs and in both cycles of the game i lost 2. :( but the others lived and i got to playas one of the original cubs i had.     over all this game is amazing and it shows you that hunting in the wildis no easy task."
76561198170133062,Recommended,275100,23817241,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,bunearyxo,"This game was so worth buying. The experience, although kinda short, was amazing. It was a rollercoaster of emotions. I was happy and proud of my adorable cubs as they grew and learned to hunt. I was heartbroken when one died of starvation (i think) and another taken by a predator. They were my babies and when they were all grown up and had to leave it was a happy moment but it was hard to see them go. :( by the end I was crying. I sat there sobbing. It was just such a journey. I don't wanna spoil the ending but that's what made me cry the most. I would soooo recommend this game. 10/10 for sure."
76561198052313131,Recommended,275100,23896661,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Breezy,"Shelter was a beautiful game with some challenges. Sadly, all those challenges revolved around hunting and not puzzles and guidance like Might and Delight's previous game. I still enjoyed the artwork and fear for all of my cubs' lives."
76561198042838396,Recommended,275100,20893679,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Jonny Boneyard,"This is one of those games that didnt seem like it was gonna be somethin you would remember forever, but after playing it through just once i know ill never be able to forget it. It was something that you can play for a good while to pass the time, or sit down and just immerse yourself in this unique world wroght with peril for you and your cubs, or rolling hills. This game, for all intents and purposes, made me cry like a ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥ at the end.Now, im going to call my mom and tell her how much she means to me."
76561198035698637,Recommended,275100,20779581,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,cherylecat0,"Fun, espiecally for kids. I love how you can trancend into the world of the lynx. It really makes you feel attached to the cubs. I get sad every time I fail to provide for them, I feel like it's my fault, like I always could have done better."
76561198269046159,Recommended,275100,20773837,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,ShadowLamb,"Shelter 2 is far greater than the original in so many ways. The art style, the development, and the storyline all feel like it's been improved immensely. The world is vast and open, making you feel like you really have the map to breath in around you. Even the cubs are downright adorable, making you feel attached as soon as you begin to care for them. You can even name them.However this game could use a tiny bit more explanation of how to play in the beginning. It comes off as a little confusing, and hunting techniques take a really long time to understand and develop. To be honest though, this makes it feel more realistic in the facts that real life doesn't come with a manual on how to play.The first time I actually lost a cub was very heart wrenching for me, and each time I lost another, I lost more motivation to keep playing. The attachment you grow with them (if you're not completely heartless, or if you're just a big softy like me) is huge and you'll probably  get annoyed every time you get close to loosing one in a storm, to a predator, or even starvation."
76561198203235756,Recommended,275100,21062803,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Laura...x,Gets abit boring
76561198113852378,Recommended,275100,20717775,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Artist,"The intro, and outro of this game sucks, it's too kiddy, I beat the game in 2 hours with all my cubs aliveBut survival is harsh, and the gameplay is still cute and worth it and the art is just so unique and I fell in love with it, I still love this game"
,Recommended,275100,20021523,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,machatihasgame,"A good game.While indeed repetitive and at other times feeling unrewarded for your exploration, the game is fun, immersive, emotional, unique, and beautiful. I got pleasure however just from seeing my new cubs and their pretty colors (although my last three litters have been clones of the past litters, so now I wonder if I imagined it x_x )The game is difficult at first but I'd actually suggest never using normal mode if you really want the threat of cub-loss hanging over your shoulder.By ""Unrewarded for exploration"" I mean that the beginning area is ultimately the best, biggest area for rabbits, mice, and minimal dangers (even with the expansion). Traveling across ice to places I hadn't touched or even going to the Mountains raised the chances of starvation up significantly. Maybe it was just my luck, but I've decided to only explore for the eye candy, not to look for the promised lands. You start in the promised lands.One playthrough I think is worth your money, especially if you get it on a discount. However if you're like me and like to play games for hours and hours, you're either going to have to really like immersing yourself into the role of a lynx or make your own goals (or enjoy collecting things). Personally enforcing rules on yourself (like no mice), or aiming to catch as many rabbits as possible have been fine enough goals to keep me going. I love animals, so I'm happy to continue playing."
76561198011886382,Recommended,275100,20056184,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Water_Dragon68,"Let me just say for the record that if you cry or get attached to things easily, you probably don't want to play this game in the middle of the night. I lost one cub of the four on my first try but I cried and cried when I couldn't get it to get up. I had to keep moving and finding food for my little family, but this was an experience I was not expecting and when the credits rolled - after only 2 hours I was so attached that I didn't want it to end."
76561198198298450,Recommended,275100,19850843,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Anna,"This game is an amazingly beautiful game with awesome graphics and alot of heart. Thi sgame is amazing for children and I would definetly recommed it. The only problem with this game which onestly i am quite okay with this is just something to look out for, is once you play this once or twice you get a little bored and also you know what is going to happen, and one more thing, the ending credits are too long so if you could somehow speed that up that would be awesome. Okay so in all this is an amazing game which i wouldnt even hesitate to buy if i were you, with no big problems, i hope you have fun playing as the mother of a new generation os Lynxs"
76561198059641737,Recommended,275100,25169637,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Sevrin,"It's a good game, artistic, entertaining, but short. You play as a mother lynx and raise your cubs, trying to make as many of them survive to adulthood as possible. It has some replay value, but not much. It has about 1.5 hours of gameplay, and a gene tree where you can play as your cubs after they grow up and start a new game (nothing changes except the gene tree)."
76561198275964442,Recommended,275100,24966688,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Tayah,"I love this game. Its's really cute, sad, and fun. Sure it's kinda short, but you can always do it over agian. I tried to make it last as long as possible by taking it slow."
76561198144429126,Recommended,275100,15508413,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,jewel_the_espeon,"This( along with shelter) is one of the the most beautiful and emotional game I have probably ever played. I have gone through this game a few times and every time that i lost a cub, i cried my eyes out. It was my fault the cub died, it really makes you feel like you failed at being a mother. This is the kind of game im drawn to, it is just SO beautifull. I wouldn't really recomend this game though to the people who cant really deal with the harsh realities of nature. I abosultly adore this game!"
,Recommended,275100,24481340,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,"Tamiyo, Field Researcher","This game is fantastic in many ways:- Great Soundtrack- Visually Appealing- Mechanics are Fun to Use- Touching Story- I express how beautiful everything is!Despite all that and my overall enjoyment of the game, I was left wanting more after fininshing the game so quickly. The game tries to put in replayability, but you basically end up with a copy of your first playthrough. If you are looking for a beautiful, short, and well made game you are willing to spend 15 dollars on, I reccomned this is for you. Otherwise, this game will sit in your library for eternity."
76561198040504931,Recommended,275100,24518765,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,dragon56,"No matter what I say, I feel I cannot give this game justice. The art is unique, but has beauty to it, as if showing you this is how the world looks to the mother Lynx. The soundtrack is brilliant and matches the feeling of each season perfectly. The pride I feel when I succeed in my hunts, and when my kits have survived to adulthood, surprised me, and the emotional attachment I felt to my character as mother Lynx, to my kits, and to this wild landscape is what has me playing again and again. 100/10"
76561198110406173,Recommended,275100,24353231,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,TheBlackWolf,"The first time I saw this game I was shocked, this game looked amazing and I can tell all of you that it is. after 3 months I am still playing this gamepros:The game is realy pretty.freaking super cute cubs.the different seasons are pretty cool.the story is good.the hunting makes the game pretty fun.when you have finished as Inna you can play as one of her cubs. (when they are adults)Cons:The game is short.it is kinda hard to survive the wolves sometimes.and then the ending... this is all I can say about it....... THE FEELS! ;-;"
,Recommended,275100,27150384,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kim Jong Clockwerk,"This is a short game, it takes 2-3 hours to ""finish it"" with the first kitty (then you can restart with one of your remaining cubs), but those 2 hours were so intense. I realy recommend this game. Evrything is great in it : the ost, the graphic style, the gameplay, evrything is perfect and thats why you should buy Shelter 2."
76561198258936038,Recommended,275100,27009373,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ETenal,life is hard.Thanks to all mothers
76561198075017586,Recommended,275100,27311716,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ITIFM,"This game has a great art style and some fun gameplay, if you like story based games such as The Unfinished Swan or Journey this is a good game for you."
,Recommended,275100,27071408,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kytte,Tugs at my heart-strings every time I play. A beautiful exploration into motherhood.
,Recommended,275100,27033290,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ITSA MIAG,"the is no words that I can that I could give you about the feels these games have given me. You would think that game that has no words and the only antagonist is mother nature herself wouldn't make we regret, laugh, and cry in anger.....every choice you make effects your babies and the feeling of loosing one is heartbreaking.....But its not just the concept that is awe inspiring but the beautiful music and gentle scenery; the sutble changing of the seasons. It grabs you and gives you peace even in the sadness making it feel that even though it happend it is life."
,Recommended,275100,27236678,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,No Fox Given,Beautiful game with unique artwork. Definitely had allergies while playing!
,Recommended,275100,20767933,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,󠀡biggie,Once you get to playing it's hard not to believe these lynx cubs aren't your biological children
76561198066711572,Recommended,275100,30911257,Posted: 2 April,all,Kingstad,"Atmospheric, short and cute game, not quite worth its full price imo."
76561198114239274,Recommended,275100,26404437,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Clarabella,"I love the Shelter games. They are fairly short, but I love the art style and they are replayable."
76561198154326581,Recommended,275100,26899512,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Glade,"This game is beautiful, the art and soundtrack are stunning.If you love animals or nature you'll appreciate this raw experience!"
76561198129688979,Recommended,275100,26748839,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,erica.cortez5,"Okay I'll be honest here and admit my review is mixed, but I will recommend anyway.When I first played I played for 19 minutes. In that time, ALL my cubs died, but I didn't realize it as I ran around and explored (in the wild babies gotta last a little bit while mom hunts, right?), not knowing time in the game passed so. damn. quickly. There were a few things I just didn't like about it right off the bat-the seeming lack of story(or ability for a player to create their own in a sandbox world) /depth, the insanely quick passing of time, my computer seems to handle the game a bit strangely and running disoriented with me with that strange effect it had, and I began to wonder if paying for this was something I regretted. I went and clicked around until I had put in a request for a refund.When I sat down at my computer again a little later, my request hadn't been fulfilled yet, and I decided since the game was still in my library, to give it another shot while I had it.In the end, I cancelled my refund request. However, I can see why people might have had a hard time getting into it, given up, and then called it a bore.The seasons DO pass very quickly and I wish the game was a little longer. This is probably my least favorite thing about it currentlyThe cubs need to be constantly fed when they're very small or they'll easily die of starvation. There doesn't seem to be anything else to do at first.The world could do with a little more livening up and a little more ambiance when it comes to the sounds of natureI experienced no real threats besides fighting off starvationThere is a strange effect when running, but thankfully you can turn it off by clicking on 'refraction' in game settings. Oh, this made everything SO MUCH BETTER FOR ME TO SEE.There is no real 'story'. That is up to you.However...-It is relaxing-It has a lovely and unique artistic style that you aren't likely to forget-The game is generational (when you reach the end, you choose which suriviving cub to play next and build a family tree). As a sims 2 fan, having a family tree and being able to do this this was a big plus in my book-While there is no real story to the game, once I opened my mind to it a little I got into it. But I had to be in charge of that and leave a lot up to my own imagination. Some may very well consider this a con. I often create stories and 'roleplay' in my head as I go. As an avid player of the The Sims this is something I love to do while I play, and I very easily got into Inna and the cubs after I got my bearings with the controls. I'm onto generation 2, and Inna's only male cub, Kir, now has to raise a little of his own after the disappearance of his mate.I feel as though I've listed a lot of cons, but I did enjoy this game and its premise, while it could be added to, is so intriguing. I loved books like Redwall and Watership Down growing up (they're still some of my favorite books even as I near my thirties), so animal-centric stories will always hit a soft spot with me. There is always room for improvement and expansion with this and I will definitely be following any future development. The content is short and generations will pass quickly, but for now I'm content and I'm glad I gave it another go before giving up. I played without the DLC, so I can't say how much more Mountains adds to the experience.MORE THOUGHTS AFTER PLAYING GEN 2 WITH MOUNTAINS DLC:-I read a review detailing how difficult it can be to SEE in this game with the textures. This was noticeable from the getgo, but the longer I play the more glaring it becomes. After playing a while, I'm inclined to agree. Art style is unique, but it can be VERY difficult to see your prey when running, or see a fallen kitten.-Running after the prey itself can be frustrating with the controls, I appreciate learning curves but I feel a little more fluidity would go a long way.-Also noticed someone commenting on how you can't jump on everything-YES. OH MY GOD. I lost a cub to a fox that had been stalking the cubs for quite some time, mostly because I was hanging upside down after jumping after a pheasant and couldn't. get. down. I've gotten stuck A. LOT. I'd rather have been caught in a hunter trap than hanging upside down midair because i tried to jump between rocks.-More fluidity in the movement department, please.Good things:Mountains adds a lot more, I feel. Those. Damn. Foxes!!!! It was harder. I mean, I lost my favorite cub to that thing, and it was neat because it felt like the same one (probably wasn't), but it felt like it, and it felt like it had been stalking us for quite some time. I kept catching it behind us and chasing it away.The hawks (or eagle? I don't know I'm not checking right now!)!!! Oh geez!!! It was fun, kinda scary, but also exhiliarting when I saved my cub from certain death and then the cubs got to eat the thing after.Overall, enjoyed my time, but again, some (I feel) glaring issues. My gen 2 cubs are almost full grown, and I've yet again made it out with 3 (would have been 2 but I was annoyed after being caught upside down for so long and not being able to do anything to prevent those cubs' deaths, so I quit and started again from my last save) -I don't know if I'm being cocky here, since I'm not sure how easy it would be to lose a teen cub. They're adult sized now and we're in spring, I haven't experienced any of the natural disasters yet."
,Recommended,275100,26124312,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Swanmy,"The art in the game is what I really appreciate!! <3In this game you need to play as Mama Lynx who need to hunts preys for her cups until they grow enough to feed themsleves.Hunting is the most I like. The story line is really make me want to cry (not gonna spoil), of course when one of my cups is death from starving.Wolves attack is one of the scariest thing in the game for me."
,Recommended,275100,25990982,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,FrostTheSketch,"I loved it whole heartedly, I grew so attached to them and I paniced when one of them started to slow down. The art and everything is absolutely amazing. Although when I was chasing prey I started to lag a bit but it was probably computer lag. All of my little kittens lived... except one. Solda who's nickname was soldier. He died before the time of departure and he was truely a soldier having to survive without many rabbits. I gathered them up at their birth den for old times sake and to be honest, I almost cried. I care for animals more than people and I feel horrible that my poor Solda had to starve as he was becoming an adult. Best 15 dollars spent."
,Recommended,275100,30891421,Posted: 1 April,all,TSOMAHAWK,Just imagine i bought this game on sale by accident.Now i wish i had bought it full price just to contribute to this masterpiece
76561198200183837,Recommended,275100,27503379,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,uninteresting quail,"Somehow both adorable and heart breaking. Managed to take me to the verge of tears without a single word. This game has a beautiful art style, incredible music and most importantly adorable lynxes. definitly worth your time but be prepared for heartbreak."
,Recommended,275100,27439699,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,✪ nailed,Game is 10/10 graphics is amazing game is amazing the way you played it is amazingjust 10/10 i give you people who want to buy this game
76561198106661983,Recommended,275100,27514401,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,⚞random.girl⚟,"10/10This game is about balance+Gameplay.Fascinating balance between strategy and action: you've got to be always quick-thinking and wise. 90% of the game you hunt to feed yourself and your cubs, and that brings us to the main dillema of this game: who gets the meat? If you don't eat, you loose stamina and so the ability to hound your prey. If your cubs do not eat for a while, they first sit down powerless and after some minutes they die from starvation.+Music.That's the best videogame music I've ever experienced. It's the icing on this cake, that gently leads you through the game.+Never get bored!Eventhough your goals may sound simple: hunt animals, feed your cubs and protect them, you'll be just fascinated by divercity of locations, music and changing enviroment! The game always keeps a great balance. For example, when your cubs are about to become grown ups, it becomes harder to find prey (fewer animals + cubs spoil your hunt sometimes), but at the same time it will be easier to travel (they'll run as fast as you and no birds will be able to attack them)+GraphicsLandscapes. They are wonderful. They are just wonderful.-GraphicsThis game is not as low-poligonal as I have thought, so while using maximal video settings the FPS on my not brand-new computer is way too low. I expected to enjoy the textures on their best, as I love low-poligonal games."
76561198133114445,Recommended,275100,30779578,Posted: 27 March,all,JackaboySparrow,Looove this game. Even my stepfather didn't let me play it again before he was done and we had many good hours together chasing criminals.I have been playing all Frogwares SH games and this is defiently the best of them all!
76561197975690248,Recommended,275100,14814519,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,PosT-PimP,"bought this game for my 9 year old daughtershe has raised her first litter with 2 cubs surviving (took about 3 hours), she has been talking about the game for the whole 2 hours before her bedtime. she loves it... last game she gave this much hype was minecraft."
,Recommended,275100,14814967,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Heimy,"This game is beautiful, though it's initial story is short it's well worth the price in my opinion and I will most definitely replay it over and over. I love everything about this game, the artwork is amazing and the soundtrack is equally as good. This is the only the second game I've played that's brought a tear to my eye with out the use of words, the first was Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons.I would reccomend people do some research before buying this though, this isn't some animal version of Dayz that's going to be action packed. This game is for people that enjoy art, music, and immersion. Turn the lights off, put on some good head phones and take this journey through life with your cubs!"
76561198140302349,Recommended,275100,14815131,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,slaveofmycat,"love the game, but the cubs sometimes disappear into the ground."
76561198114674064,Recommended,275100,14815313,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,mykittylover13,"The game is great. As a animal lover this is just what I was looking for! This game throws you into the paws of a mother lynx/(mountain lion) with four hungry cubs begging for fresh meat. Starting is pretty hard, but by learning animal migrations patterns, rabbits escape routes, and where the best eggs are survival become an interesting challenge.Now for the criticism part...The period of growth seems to rush the game a little too much after three rabbits the cubs pop out of the cave like boom momma feed me lots; also the cubs hunger seems to drop just as fast as time flies. I fed my young cubs a deer before crossing the ice to the snowflake area and by the time I get over the river I have two cubs unable to move a paw forward seems a little harsh. Aside from that the fps drops dramatically after you hit the beginning of the last scene where you go to meet another linx, and if you start with a previous cub the whole next game also has low frame rate along with the title screen.suggestions...Add sliders to adjust the time flow like having a Fast, Default, and SlowFast for those looking to rush the motherhood life to explore the beautiful landscape, or Slow for those looking to take things easy as a less stress just hanging with my cubs environment to relax after work kind of thing.Rebalance hunger, or make a slider for Hard, Default, EasyHard for those looking for a challenge, or easy looking to spend more time roaming and finding interesting things for the cubs to eat (like frogs XD).Add a bar in hunting vision mode for cubs hunger(would really help choose which cub to feed)Add ability to play with cubs when not hunting/moving after all play fighting is how normal cubs learn to fight and hunt in the wild.Just for aesthetics and giving and a reason to squee when the adorableness overloads our sensesAll in all, I found this game very addicting and am pleased to own it worth every dollar. It is a shining gem in the sea of over hyped games and should be praised like a long forgotten deity reinvented. this game receives 5 stars in my book, even with its little bugs I hope you readers muster just as much for this game as I have because it truly is destined for greatness!~kittylover out Peace ;3"
76561198325606051,Recommended,275100,30501143,Posted: 13 March,all,Kats🐱,i lost 1 of my cubs T^T  now i know how an animal survival seems like ffs it almost makes me crying so if you want your cubs to stay alive do this step:Step 1: Play game for 5 minutes to have cubsStep 2: Quit and never play again so your beautifu cubs will never die
,Recommended,275100,27767496,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ellitagious,Oh. My. God. This game. Is simply amazing. The artwork and soundtrack are mesmerizing. I usually watch youtube videos or netflix when playing games but I couldn't with this. It is simply that immersive. Raising the babies made me so nervious about things that might hurt them. Watching them grow made me happy. The made me sad and pround. A lot for a game but all worth it. I've been wanting this game for a while now and I am so happy I got it. I can't wait to play it more! It is a truly astounding game!
76561198099556488,Recommended,275100,27715411,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Bright ♂ White ♂ Future,"After all of this, my babies left me, i'm glad they made it. But somehow I still felt sad..."
76561198245449376,Recommended,275100,33315932,Posted: 6 July,all,♥Eevee♥,"I hadn't known of the shelter games for way too long, Its such a beautiful experience!The art style is perfect for me, and I love the family tree, and it brought my bond with my mother so much closer.The ending is one of the best endings I've ever seen in a game, it's amazingly beautiful and well done![Ending Spoilers]Watching as the lynxes cubs I raised leaving to travel the rest of their journey, the sad emotions mixed with pride of what I had accomplished filled me, and walking In the field of fireflies with the other lynx at the end was so beautiful."
76561198127540102,Recommended,275100,33373560,Posted: 8 July,all,🎀Vulture culture🎀,i think i almost cried at the end
76561198030495401,Recommended,275100,33429016,Posted: 10 July,all,Slowboots,I am too emotive to play this game.I lost one cub after a few dozen minutes and was already devastated !I named them from my previous cats' names ... bad idea!  I couldn't  stand see another one die again !...so sad...R.I.P. Rouxy
76561198030926740,Recommended,275100,33409917,Posted: 9 July,all,Zaphod,"Artistic, atmospheric and captivating. So repetitive (and easy) that it shouldn't be fun, but it is.The majority of the hours I've been sitting with this game has been with my daughter on my lap. She is 5 together we are the proud parent of what must have been at least a dozen litters of cubs.I bought the ""Mountains"" expansion. It offers more diversity and more hunting grounds. More predators, but they are dealt with separately and wolves remain the most deadly ones. In fact, we rarely lose a cub."
,Recommended,275100,33462296,Posted: 11 July,all,VorexSlices,qe2dazezcz
76561198125318923,Recommended,275100,33492883,Posted: 12 July,all,bloodthirsty,"Shelter 2 gives you two options, feed some bunny rabbits to your cubs, or feed them bunny rabbits in dangerous wolf infested territory. I'll admit, the ladder is way more fun, and it probably explains why (SPOILER ALERT)the cubs leave you at the end of the game."
,Recommended,275100,30456386,Posted: 11 March,all,Schmuck Goblin,I let all but one of the hideous creatures die. Easy win.
76561198196771235,Recommended,275100,33569494,Posted: 15 July,all,amerillis,I love this game so much <3 it's so beautiful and I adore everything in it.
,Recommended,275100,32355788,Posted: 11 June,all,Hypergize,"There's some pros and cons, to be honestIn the pros, it has a gorgeous art style and interface, it's addictive, and pretty fun.The cons, however, it gets boring after a while, the instructions are vague, and a bit glitchy.I would still recommed, though! Overall in my opinion, the pros outweigh the cons."
,Recommended,275100,32223198,Posted: 6 June,all,AzariaPlaysGames,"Beautiful atmosphere and game. Its all about survival of the fittest. Its extremely beautiful, yet simple. Definitely worth buying (Especially if you get the DLC too!)"
,Recommended,275100,32383122,Posted: 13 June,all,Crispy Nips,"Absolutely stunning. I love the jouney you go through, the way you have to hunt to feed your young as the seasons change and they continue to grow. Although it becomes quite hard during the Autunm months as food is more scarce... You find yourself running around panicking looking for the 1 rabbit, or bird to feed a dying Kit, you scramble, wasting your precious energy to feed that crying Kit like its fading away. You return without food to see it immoble, disappearing into the ground as you are left with 1 less Kit. I was only able to have 1 survive. And you can play as your Kit's in the next life which is really touching. As if you're carrying on your legacy.The game is quiet short, completing it withing 1.8hrs."
,Recommended,275100,31781268,Posted: 15 May,all,Muzzy (DinoHub),"-played game-lost kitten-got depressed-got drunk-found now reason to live anymore-committed suicide11/10 would die again, but seriously ignore what the ♥♥♥♥ anyone else says, they just got bored of playing it over and over... you aren't suppost to play it over and over unless you are trying to hold the world record for world's biggest lynx family tree... it's suppost to be a short game, but it really is emotional and touching enough to make you cry, even if you are as manly as a fighter jet made out of biceps. but overall it's really a great game"
,Recommended,275100,32484310,Posted: 16 June,all,Anal Crusader,Feels Simulator
,Recommended,275100,32549983,Posted: 18 June,all,The Shekel Collector 9000,Another lovely game from Might and Delight. Short and sweet but far more expansive than the previous game.
,Recommended,275100,32574411,Posted: 19 June,all,Doenut,"For those who want to consider this game. I will try to be honest as possible, it's great for single player lovers. If you like multiplayer move on. But if you like a bit of alone time to yourself, this will be for you. I'll mark some pros and cons.:::: Cons ::::-Repetitive- You go through the first life cycle, it's intense raising that first litter. One kit might fall to starvation or prey. You learn to hunt, places to go. Get lost in the maps.. And thats it. That first time is it, every time after that is a repeat of keeping the kits alive with the same hunting places and maps. It's rabbit tackling simulator.-Stupid Disasters- The forest fires are terrible. Most of the time I stay near water so the fire doesn't follow me. And Most of the time if your screen goes orange hued, with a bolt of lightning. The fire spawns right under your feet and instantly kills a cub. Not to mention, eagles and foxes only attack when cubs are smallest. That means during your first year with the cubs is 4/4 predators will hunt your cubs. Only 2/4 can kill cubs when their teens.-Unskippable Ending- After your cubs have grown, you HAVE to go to Hometree and meet the stranger in order to progress. If they made this skippable just like the wolves and travel to the den, it'd save up to 5-7 minutes per family.-No backtrack- If all your cubs die, and the game autosaves, that's it. The tree ends. You have to start all over, all collectables. There is nothing for you to do if all cubs die.:::: Pros ::::-The Art- Hands down the first pro, a unique style and breathtaking pattern based world. The art style of this game is fresh air in the gaming library. Cubs change coats every few generations. Every place you could screenshot and it looks like someone just painted the image. The music is great, very relaxing for the enviroment.-Solitude- I'll say it again, this is not multiplayer, and it's perfect for getting on and not dealing with others. Just you and your cubs, trying to make it casually in the world. Or spice it up on survival mode with DLC. I personally adore playing offline/alone. This is a game you can put down and pick up with ease. Your own abilities, thats all you need.-Collecting- The game randomly generates them in many areas, you can live cycles forever, and explore everywhere, and still have 1-2 left to collect. Some may not like that, but this game doesn't pressure you to collect as fast as possible. You can collect at your own pace and choose to ignore collecting all together without missing out on anything besides a single skin variant.-Dynamic- The prey changes style in every area, they change behavior in the seasons, and your kits are affected by your hunting success as teens. You can revisit the same area a dozen times at the same time of year in every generation and never have the same experience. Yes hunting is repeatitive, but what you hunt, how you get your kits to adulthood, is different every time. There are good years, and bad years.-------------------------------------I wanted to note that if you like the original Shelter, you MAY like this one. But Shelter 2 must be approached as a different game and story. Unlike Shelter 1, this game is not story driven. And is replayable with enough variety in the generations to keep casual single players entertained with their own ideas of their Lynx stories. The two games are so different that if you expected the same, you WILL be disappointed. Play ""Paws"" instead for a story driven game by Might and Delight thats the closest to Shelter 1. I recommend Shelter 2 for anyone that enjoys casual exploration, collecting, and raising those little kits."
76561198099052928,Recommended,275100,32514485,Posted: 17 June,all,==KAZOO KID==,this game gets to mei saw it and instantly wanted it becasue it looked so cute and hardi didnt know i would be so attached to my 4 babyswhen one died i didnt know what to do but carry the body back to home and sit there and feel like a terrible person for attacking a bear one on one10/10 would cry over the death of a lost cub again. but i dont want to.
76561198218552532,Recommended,275100,23366173,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,LemiKatt,"Probably one of my favorite games, It would be so cool if they made a shelter 3 with wolves, or a fox. I deffenetly reccomend this game, I have played so long because I want to unlock a bunch of achievments."
76561198058853332,Recommended,275100,28721448,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Brother_Webb,"I love this game dearly. Shelter 1 was well done, but this sequel really raised the bar. In fact, everything these guys make is fantastic. Do yourselves a favor and buy all their games now."
,Recommended,275100,28988439,Posted: 3 January,all,WoodBlok,"just wow,the story is emotional/sad (eventhough it just represents the circle of life), that i nearly cried at the end.Controls are easy ( WASD, Space, Shift and mouse), the simple graphic design is something differend (and unique), but after you get used to it, it makes fun to watch.All in all, this game is great fun and gives you something to think about in your life, but i would recommend to buy it with a discount, because i dont think it gives you so many playinghours that 15€ would be a profit for you.(I bought it in the wintersale with -83%, 2.8€)"
76561198311077953,Recommended,275100,29157222,Posted: 9 January,all,TwinBones,"I have had a wonderful time with this game! I've only played one generation so far, but im excited to continue. If you're looking for constant heartpounding action, this might not be the game for you all the time [Slight spoiler*] (Unless you end up being chased by wolves like I did!). That said, this game is goreous and has a soundtrack that is to die for. If you liked Journey or Abzu or any other beautiful but occasionally slow game, this is absolutly for you! Thank you Might and Delight for bringing a wonderful new addition to my steam library! =D"
,Recommended,275100,28697806,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Mags,Such a cute game :3
,Recommended,275100,28778598,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,MrPsychedelic™,"Beautiful & unique art style, sound design and an amazing game! The risk of being able to lose one of your kittos is a real threat and can be very emotional when one of them die. Of course you can go through the whole game with none of them dying, which is the worst part because the game makes you feel responsible for their deaths rather than a story point you're thrown into which is nice, makes it feel organic. For a $15 price tag this game will give you a couple hours before you finish, but you can play again as your children if they survive. I would definitely recommend. :)"
76561198171276569,Not Recommended,275100,28749037,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,taroprincess,"I keep hearing the first one is better. The map is confusing? I have no clue how to get across the water yet. You literally just run in circles/same part of the map for like 2 hours trying to catch small bunnies, with the occasional frogs (if you can find the pond), deer and bird eggs. There is no hazards? and the ending is so short and a ""thats it?"" feel. The soundtrack was nice though."
76561198281943226,Recommended,275100,28848289,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Lady Wolf,"A very good game, loved the family mechanic and you really do start to feel attached to the cubs as they grow with your care. Definitely recommend!"
76561198504825803,Recommended,275100,28970525,Posted: 3 January,all,Thyla,"Jó játék, egyedi a grafika, nagyon aranyosak a kis hiúzok és kihívás mindet életben tartani.Szórakoztató  többször is kijátszani és építgetni a családfát."
76561198190008929,Recommended,275100,28978383,Posted: 3 January,all,solrose09,It Has a Awesome and exciting story to it (Inna's story) And i think it's very adorable but very sad at the same time. Great game!
76561197972541185,Recommended,275100,31533757,Posted: 3 May,all,Furnus [NOR],"Shelter 1 was very linear. Shelter 2 is open world and only slightly story driven.Cons:- The camera doesnt want to turn around when you tell it to. Theres a slight intended lag for mystery's sake or something like that, which can be annoying because you need to look around a lot.Pro and Con: (spoiler)-As you run around hunting with your cubs, you want them to survive and start caring about them. Then suddenly they run off because they're old enough to do so. Then the whole thing starts again and there are credits, which at the end says ""special thanks to all mother"". Point(s) being that this is just a video game. It's fun and interesting, but you're also left feeling a big like ""hmm do lynx survive? no they don't, most of them die, and I bet we humans have a lot to do with that. Am I supposed to feel sorry about them and sit here feeling helpless because I can't really do anything about the lynx' situation? And that whole bad feeling and the messages this game tries to portray leaves you with the same feeling you get after a david attenborough documentary. ""These animals are about to die, and if we don't do something soon, they will a tale for the history books"". And I wish that kind of thing stayed in nature documentaries, because it takes some of the fun and joy out of this game. There's not really much replayability in the game except if you have to.They tried to extend the game by having trivial achievements and stuff to look for, but after playing the game once, I found no interest in going looking for them.btw: I have many hours in this game because I forgot to turn it off while doing errands etc irl"
76561198009305108,Recommended,275100,28245434,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Faravahar1200,it is a fun game I like it
,Recommended,275100,31474876,Posted: 30 April,all,Strupesakit,"One of the most adorable games ever. Even though this may seem like every survival game ever, you aren't trying to protect yourself. The thing you are trying to protect is you adorable children. Hardest part of this game is hearing them cry because you can't hunt a darn pheasant, and seeing one die right in front of you. This game broke and fixed my heart so many times. RIP Light, Dark, and Red. Good hunting to the survivor, Notred."
76561198294080007,Recommended,275100,31390477,Posted: 27 April,all,Thirza,I really liked the art and the animations in this game. This and the music together cause that you are really in the game. It's one of my favorite games.
76561198267553507,Recommended,275100,31595546,Posted: 6 May,all,JUMBO,cool
76561198019770152,Recommended,275100,33639086,Posted: 18 July,all,Crossbones,Probably the most emotional I've ever been in a game. A+
76561198382008937,Recommended,275100,33642081,Posted: 18 July,all,TheIzzyMcdrizzy,"Amazing experience! Certainly expresses motherhood in a much more fun way, its upsetting when a pup dies, and when they leave you to become full on adults, but you later get to play as them! :) I recommend!"
76561198130433485,Recommended,275100,33874229,Posted: 28 July,all,TheStrangeStranger,"Nice atmospheric game, great ending, and has some replayability.Intended for casual play, it's a relaxing experience.Needs tweaking on the difficulty though. The Mountains DLC needs more threats, or, more threatening predators,you can pretty much bait other predators into taking your cubs and then kill them, and a single predator carcass feeds all of your cubs.The survival mode is not much of a challenge. Prey migration seems minimal, and I personally could still keep up with my cubs' needs by mainly hunting rabbits, and occasionally whatever else happens to reach my lynx's jaws. However that was from hunting strictly around the starting area(First running circles around the den, then moving on to forests, fields, and the swamp). I can't say from experience whether or not it gets more difficult in other areas (Tundra, Mountains), although you may lose a cub to wolves in the Tundra.Unique and pretty artstyle with a lot of detail, strange at first, but I come to appreciate it very much while holding still for a bit and looking around each season.I enjoyed the story from start to end, it's very heartwarming in the end. This made me think about life and both its sweetness and challenges.Great game by Might and Delight. Would recommend to anyone who enjoys roleplaying, casual survival games, animals...if they don't mind too much the circle of life, open worlds and running free, and a little bit of danger :p"
,Recommended,275100,33911393,Posted: 30 July,all,~SarcasticCinder~,"Shelter 2 is a cute game about a mother lynx caring for her cubs. Below I give a more in-depth review.Pros:Amazingly unique geometric art styleCutscenes which help to provide clues for backstoryIntelligent prey AIs!Cons:Does get repetitiveCould have more in-depth backstoryOverall, Shelter 2 is a cute animal survival simulation game.9/10"
76561198406456637,Recommended,275100,33623017,Posted: 17 July,all,lupa133,"I love this game but i can never seem to find much of the deer, goats or wolves and the only downside is this is my only game on the computer that lags after playing for 10  minutes other than this i do like the game a lot"
76561198142819180,Recommended,275100,34074044,Posted: 6 August,all,nickgreen96,"Really fun, explorative, and most of all still artistically beautiful. The story could have been longer"
76561198231018300,Recommended,275100,29998726,Posted: 17 February,all,Noko,"Shelter 2 is absoutley beutiful.The music is just so well made.The graphics are amzing!In my own words,this is a true masterpiece.You won't find a game like this anywhere else.When playing you get a strong connection with the characters."
,Recommended,275100,32349096,Posted: 11 June,all,Kittani,The only component which is missing; David Attenborough's narration. ;)
76561198324564606,Recommended,275100,34086360,Posted: 7 August,all,PepperyPaladin,"I really have developed a love for these Might & Delight games. After loving the first Shelter, I had to get this. It is a different gameplay style from the first one, but it works well. It is more of a non-linear game where you can go to any map at any time while you raise your babies. I for sure recommend this game, the art style and soundtrack are also beautiful."
76561198078127192,Recommended,275100,34093506,Posted: 7 August,all,DaaaahWhoosh,"I don't think it's worth full price, but I had a good time hunting rabbits and making sure all my little kittens were fed and didn't fall behind. The art style is beautiful too, though I think I enjoyed Meadow more (it's multiplayer where you can't talk, everyone just ends up running around together and making friends, I'd recommend it assuming there's still a playerbase). Not sure about replayability, but supposedly on the second playthrough I can be one of the cubs I raised, so that's pretty cool."
,Recommended,275100,34110783,Posted: 8 August,all,Wolger Piro,Beautiful graphics and artwork. Rather smooth gameplay. 4.5/5It takes a little getting used to but once you do you might enjoy yourself. Other than the main idea of keeping your cubs safe until adulthood this game has a very extensive map with a large amount of collectibles. The colors in the environment make collectibles somewhat difficult to see but I can't help but love this game.
76561198283968925,Recommended,275100,34129536,Posted: 9 August,all,SnowLeopard,"I really enjoyed this game, it is so cute and even though I was scared about wolves or dangers to my cubs it wasnt as bad as I thought and reading guides helped too :) There isnt much I dont like about it and i would totally recommend"
76561198268911276,Recommended,275100,34212889,Posted: 13 August,all,Amberjack8,"This game is amazing. I will admit it is very repetitive, but anytime you start a new generation you completely forget about how you've done this before. Now I'm not going to write a full on reveiw of every feature so all I can say is this game is great."
,Recommended,275100,34196578,Posted: 12 August,all,diamond,"I know people say that this game can become boring and tedious because its the same thing over and over again. But I'm completely addicted to this game since its release. The artstyle is absolutly wonderful and eye-catching, and the music really sets the scene and even can signify the emotions of mother lynx and her cubs. But what brings me back to the game is the you're able to have your own adventure, two people are NEVER going to have the same expierence. And every generation of cubs is a new story and you can make it as safe or risky as you want, and sometimes its very hard to do that with a game. And with the addition of shelter 2: mountains DLC it makes the game far more risky and eventful, having to listen out for foxes, trying to stay calm as an eagle swoops overhead, or trying to casually walk away from a bear is so scary and exciting at the same time. So I would recommend this game to anyone who loves animals and adventure! But I would also recommend purchasing the mountains DLC as well for the most interesting experience. Its about £4 so its very cheap for all the content you get with it! So at least buy this game to try it ONCE, I promise you won't regret it :)"
76561198146936874,Recommended,275100,34228046,Posted: 13 August,all,Chimerical,"This game is so simple, but so addicting! The graphics are very cute and artistic. Time seems to go by fast when raising the cubs and all, but the oppurtunity to continue the family tree is what makes it worth it. I've just gotten to my 7th generation of cubs and I still am not bored of the game. In fact, I am always excited to get home and play. It's just so much fun, especially with the survuval mode which brings on more of a challenge. I would totally recommend this game!"
76561198289345211,Recommended,275100,34253055,Posted: 15 August,all,Mr.Nobody,"I HIGHLY recommend this game! it is a beautiful story of a mother lynx, raising her cubs, the ending gave me goosebumps! this isn't just a game, it's a touching story, after playing this game I respect and see nature differently, HUGE +1 no cons."
,Recommended,275100,34269883,Posted: 15 August,all,renjikupo7,"I really liked Shelter 1 and thought I'd give Shelter 2 a try.The art style is beautiful and just like in Shelter 1, I got so attached to my babies. One of my cubs was white and had gotten too hungry and collapsed during the winter. I scrambled to find him food and then went back with the bunny I caught to where I thought I had left him. I could hear him crying but couldn't find him because he was camouflaged so well. I looked and looked and... then he was gone. I later figured out that you can do a sensing thing to try and find your babies better. I thought you only used that skill to find prey. Poor little dude. Why am I such a bad parent?! *fist shakes to the sky*It had a different vibe than the first game because this one is open world. Because you aren't required to go to some specific area after you have your cubs, it feels a little less like you have a goal (besides just hunting mostly). I can dig the open world thing though. I guess that leaves room for more surprises and better replayablity perhaps? I only stayed close to the cave for my first play through, so exploring other areas will probably bring about some new experiences and challenges. The game was short but still very enjoyable."
,Recommended,275100,34592904,Posted: 29 August,all,taylorindi,can you make a shelter 3 when you play as a rabbit with her babys please i want to be at the bottom of the food chain please i really want to play a a bunny rabbit i really recommend this game if you like fun i love shelters so much
76561198091870041,Recommended,275100,34567949,Posted: 28 August,all,Zero!,"Oh my god... ive never seen something so emotional... the game is beutiful and the graphics are awesome, when you lose a pup... you enter in pure sadness, it makes you feel like an actual animal, and a parent... i lost a pup because of hunger and... holy♥♥♥♥♥♥i cant stop crying... I Completly reccomend this game. Its worth every penny... No seriously, i cant stop crying, im in tears while i write this"
,Recommended,275100,34322492,Posted: 18 August,all,The Wild Hunt,good but short
76561198230167828,Not Recommended,275100,23893938,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Skybeertje,Im very sad!! I LovE the game and everything but i cant play it anymore and i dont know why. Ive tried reinstalling the game but it didnt work. I have enough space so thats not it either. Everytime I start up the game the screen goes black and theres this little white tab that says ; Starting up Shelter 2. Ive tried waiting for that too but eventually it lated 2 hours and i had to pull the plug! Pleaseeeeee help me fix this!!!
,Not Recommended,275100,35035844,Posted: 17 September,all,Miles B Huff,"It was kind of neat running around as a cat, but the game ended very shortly after the beginning.  It's also pretty confusing, regarding what you are and aren't supposed to do."
76561198156336113,Recommended,275100,18112052,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,lollypop547,bueatyful i love the music and art of this game. the story is brilliant
76561198340959863,Recommended,275100,35141678,Posted: 22 September,all,zaphizoo,shelter 2 is great but i reccomend not doing the mistake that i did getteing shelter 2 before shelter 2 paws because then it doesen't make sense. but i like countinuing with my family by clicking family tree and click on my cubs names so they have children and so on.
,Recommended,275100,35249721,Posted: 27 September,all,Arcane Chipmunk,"Quite a fun game, though you have no saving option of your own. (reasonable since they you can more easily cheat with keeping your cubs alive). I find it a lot easier to play with a controller. The art is beautiful and calming and there is a lot to explore.Personally I have one negative experience with it.... My cubs were all grown up, left me and all good and well. I have to return to my den.... I couldn't find the exit from the mountains. No matter how hard I tried. It took me an hour before I finally managed to escape. I refuse to go there ever again no matter how good the hunting ground is. D="
76561198167359406,Recommended,275100,35379493,Posted: 1 October,all,kilkutin,"A very beautiful and touching game. A bit difficult to play on laptop, but that's my personal opinion. Sometimes the lynx get's stucked in branches which is really annoying."
76561198196226495,Recommended,275100,35318784,Posted: 29 September,all,ram4ix,"I think this game just broke my heart... I'm gonna go cry in a pillow while the you buy this game :DBut seriously, I love the concept, I love the art work, I love the soundtrack, I love cats... Survival games are new to me and usually I don't like them, but Shelter and Shelter 2 are not like the other games. Here it's a bout saving and protecting others.The game is short. Not rushing it and not taking my time either I finnished it in less than two hours. But it has replay value, not just to finish it perfectly, but for boulding a family tree and exploring places you didn't visit before. (I'll say no more to keep the surprise)If I'd have to mention cons, then it would be the lack of tuturial and info on overall gameplay. There are some cutscreens that give a certain hints on how to operate in the game and the control (input) settings clears a lot, but some things are not answered, like can we starve and what to do when you meet a preditor... Stuff like that you only pick up after a while of playing.All in all, I'd suggest buying this game on sale if you like the Concept. I say ""on sale"" do to how short the game is."
76561197977849880,Recommended,275100,35395303,Posted: 1 October,all,Chi Chi,fun game
