user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198000485037,Not Recommended,275180,12402516,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,[ATGC] Samsquanch,Very similar to the first Costume Quest which is good for the most part but I found it getting repetitive after a couple hours. Removed the post battle healing and force you to backtrack to a water fountain to heal  waaaay too frequently which can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥in unfamiliar territory. No maps provided of new areas unless you buy it. Even with the map there is no indication of your current location. Battle stamps (passive upgrades) have been removed and a new buff system using Creepy Treats cards as in battle items takes their place. Fairly entertaining story but I preferred the previous Costume Quest.
,Recommended,275180,31322772,Posted: 23 April,all,Bass][e,"★★★★★After playing through Costume Quest 1, I took a break by playing something else, because honestly, that game is not great. It has the charm, but the combat was too simplistic and repetitive. Some players also had problems with the fast-scrolling, automated texts. Though I still think this sequel is somewhat too easy, I do think that this game can be considered as one of the best video game sequels in recent years.It's improves everything from the first game. The combat this time is more intriguing with the slight rock-paper-scissors mechanic and the significance of the cards. Graphically they also added a lot of great looking effects, lots of original assests and generally more detail to the world. I thought the first game had a great style to it, but the sequel just made the style prettier in overall. Perhaps the best improvement is the writing. The story has a lot more going on, the humor pretty much always hits and the cutscenes (including those in combat) have been treated with care.I've one would ask me, I'd say this game is one of Double Fines best, next to Iron Brigade."
,Not Recommended,275180,12757032,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Masakari,"I can't really recommend this unless you are a huge fan of the first.  Dialogue is a little on the weaker side, combat is super easy (I never even touched the cards at all during the battle), and the story seemed a little unimaginative.  Play the first one, and leave it at that knowing that you are playing the best game in the series."
,Recommended,275180,13204051,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,kittenm4ster,"Costume Quest 2 retains all the charm of the first game, and adds several improvements. The battle system is still simple (in a good way) but they've added a bit more depth to make it more interesting from a strategic standpoint.Also: 60 FPS finally! (CQ1 was 30 FPS and had framerate issues, being a previous-gen console port)I recommend the following:Play Costume Quest 1 first, and the (free) DLC, since the story in CQ2 continues immediately after thatGo for the ""hardcorn"" achievement, if you want a little more depth to the battles"
,Recommended,275180,12725190,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,HaroldoNVU,"First of all, if you've never played the first game you should. Not only to get the whole story but because I feel it was overall a better game. Costume Quest 2 is a good game, but I feel there are some questionable design choices that were made solely to artificially extend play time and can be tiresome like having to update your treat cards after battles and having to go to fountains or eat candy to heal. Even leaving the game takes time. It's still funny, it's still charming, combat became a little more interesting and challenging than the first game. I enjoyed it at the end, though much less than the original. Another issue I had is that only pre-order costumers got the DLC with some costume from the previous game, and while I'm ok with rewarding people who bought it first I'd like to see them as a purchasable DLC in the future."
,Recommended,275180,26259390,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,DN Ministries,"Costume Quest 2 PC ReviewSummary/OverviewCostume Quest 2is a Halloween-themed role-playing game made by Double Fine in 2014.  Once on a Halloween night, there were two kids named Reynold (Ren) and Wren who were brother and sister of parents, Everett and Lucy. A dentist named Dr. White believed that all the kids in the community were telling lies to others in the true meaning of Halloween. All of us should recall, Halloween was once a holiday that was pure, holy and upright. It was a holiday that was carried out through the Roman Catholic church and the Celt tradition of Celt festivals carried out each year that is still celebrated today.However, today, we celebrate Halloween externally as a holiday in which others dress up in costumes, some cute, others scary and yet others overly gruesome and gory. In fact, one other type of costume that has not been popularized as much is the bunny costume in which females try to dress provocatively with bunny ears, usually consisting of a low-cut top and hot pants. We also know by tradition, in popular culture, horror; zombie movies, games are appropriated to media outlets every single year.The people that play these horror and zombie games year-round celebrate the basis behind what Halloween has been shaped into. That is, an occult holiday that serves Satan and not Christ. This is filled with irrational behaviors such as people egging others houses, the old stink bomb out of the car prank and obliterating pumpkins outside on their neighbor's porches. A very long time ago, Halloween was not celebrated this way. Instead, trick-or-treating got its start following the Catholic tradition of praying for the dearly departed once a year that was seen in purgatory, the transitional state between redemption, purification, and grace from one's final eternal state. It was pure that never included the occult.Costume Quest 2overall is a cute game where Dr. White forces kids to give up their candy and wants to stop the tradition of Halloween. You pair up with your sister, and, your friends to try to stop Dr. White before he gains the talisman to the past. The talisman unlocks portals of time that function as a time machine, time holes that can transition you from the past to the future and, the future back towards the past.The Repugians, Enemy Characteristics, and Supreme OverlordThe Repugians are monsters that were unlocked from the future that are trying to go to the past, then the present to stop Halloween. You see these Monsters at the start of the game's story. Then, the other enemy type we have, the ones you see most often within the Bayou and French Quarter are called Dr. White's Krony's. These are pointed hat, short creatures that have a dark shadow cast over them with a time clock in the center of their chest. His Krony's have taken over the city of Auburn Pines within the future. We can even call this the future-past.Since the time transition occurred in the future that now effects the present, however, what is occurring in the present seems to change the past. That is why this categorization of it works perfectly to describe the time manipulation mechanic. That is not all, however. The main overlord behind these Krony's is a supreme overlord, Kronoculus. He has two or three forms and controls time in the game because he is Dr. White's master.The chain of order in command of the enemies with power is Kronoculus, Dr. White, the Krony's and finally, the Repugains which are small, green monsters. That is all I can reveal for the story, enemy and character aspects to avoid any potential spoilers.GameplayThe gameplay is characterized by battles when you are trick-or-treating from house to house. Some will be adults that put candy in your bag, while many of the residents are actual Krony's. Before the combat menu pulls up, one of your characters in your party will have a cutscene; it is only a power-up animation such as in a cheap superhero movie of some sort. Now, we undergo combat. You can select which enemies you want to attack first. Thankfully, the combat is not turn-based but rather a direct line of attack. Each attack is one-on-one in other words.Each character costume has different strengths and weaknesses. Some are weaker against the mechanic type of enemies, but more effective against monsters. Others are more vulnerable to monster attacks but effective at fighting against technical enemies, technological.PresentationThe sound is surround sound with small details that are most appreciated such as crickets chirping and animal noises in the Bayou. The battles are likeFantastic 4combined withComix Zonewhen the power up animation begins. When powering up, it shows a comic-strip narration with small catch phrases. These catch phrases reveal to you the timing and accuracy of your attacks, relative to how well your impact damage is which is factored in by the timing of the ' attack reticule' like an online game of darts hitting a bulls-eye.  You can easily dodge attacks by the timing of your resistance to impact which is also guided by this reticle feature.Quests, Objectives & Costume InformationQuests show costume patterns, which costume designs have been unlocked and have slots underneath; this is for when we gather new materials which only come when we have collected a full set of three material pieces that contribute to the final byproduct and creation of our new costume. Our materials are located on the left-hand side of our notebook. Costume Information, in contrast, is on the right-side. The costume information corresponds from left-to-right in our notebook to the costumes on the previous page (The left side looking from the right-hand side). In addition, vivid inscriptions have been added such as the ' candy corn.'The candy corn is "" a dollop of sugar, corn syrup and wax shaped to look like a piece of corn.” “Focus: InactionCombat Special: None, but looks delicious, so draws attention.""This shows us that the candy corn costume is the only one in the game that has no offensive attacks. It makes your character passive throughout every battle. Finally, our status tab shows our level; experience points (current and amount until next level), our health and our total candy we currently have.Creepy Treat CardsCreepy Treat Cards are power-ups in the form of cool playing cards in the game that can increase your overall experience and rewards at the end of a battle, double your damage done to enemies, give you an extra turn and other positives and negatives for each. Some of the names on the cards are very satirical while others are more formal names that are more appropriate for the game. I find it very amusing, as a result, it is one of the few times in this game that I have smiled out in the open and laughed inside myself.Final VerdictGraphics are lifelike, characters are animated, environments are well-lit. The most impressive feature of the beautiful graphics is when you go door to door trick-or-treating. Candles down the walkway to the front door light up until you leave from house to house. This instance of the candles was one of the other times I smiled and found solace in my heart knowing that Double Fine has made this Halloween memorable for me, despite my review being, only days before Halloween. The presentation rather makes the battles repetitive knowing how many Krony's you must duel and the animations do get old after a while over longer periods of time.Overall: 8/10 - Astounding- good for adults & children, especially the children"
,Not Recommended,275180,12414753,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,NeoRizer,"Not much was fixed from CQ1, many flaws are still prevalent and it's kind of a shame.The game length was shortened by almost half, I found myself wandering around aimlessly in this game for 20 minutes at a time trying to figure some of the more cryptic quests out and I still managed to finish it in half the time it took me to beat CQ1... although in it's defense, this game doesn't have DLC, but the DLC for CQ1 isn't 6 hours long.The story was a bit rushed, It felt really manic and clumsey and the costumes all felt more useless than in the original...The coolest costume is very hard to find and requires you to actually do a lateral thinking puzzle where all other quests are basically spelled out for you or documented in your note book. It's just a shame I finished the game before finding it because after discovering it I had no use for it... I tested out it's special move and thought it would of been cool to fight the final boss with it again, but he was already a push over.The Candy Corn achievement is just gruling and brutal because of all the quips you have to endure every time that characters turn comes up but in the long run it does you a favor... Using Candy Corn slows the pace of the game to a crawl because you lose one of your fighters for the entire duration of the game but it helps tremendously during boss fights and even more especially during the final fight.The music and design is nothing to gawk at... just more of the same except now you can double attack and use counter attacks... The buff badges have been removed and the creepy treat cards were given more utility...So now you can actually use them for something other than staring at but I didn't want to waste any in fear that I might lose out on the collection achievement... so that was a waste of resources if I've ever seen one... I never needed to utilze a single card the entire time playing.Either way, it wasn't their best effort, could of been better... I did enjoy it regardless of the lack of content but it didn't stray too far from the original in terms of innovation... just another copy and paste sequel."
76561198083897766,Recommended,275180,32756423,Posted: 24 June,all,DavidPrime83,"A good sequal to a great game, the story was fun and and the charicters where cute. The controls got a a bit to complex but its not to hard to get the timing down for the button promps. Heres to the clown healer."
,Not Recommended,275180,12407987,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Korig,"The gameplay is solely based around turn based quick time events, and there is a bug in the game where the timing during these events is always off, usually due to slowdown.Because of this, the game is nearly unplayable & I cannot recommend it at this time. Hopefully they patch it and fix this game breaking bug."
76561197994926259,Recommended,275180,16788523,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Gatchaman97,Fun and adorable. A great sequel to the first Costume Quest. Use of a controller recommended.
,Recommended,275180,31515492,Posted: 2 May,all,A Meme Reborn,"Almost as good as the first one. I like the new costumes and the ability to upgrade them, but they made the combat system worse (I can't really get perfect hits with the new system) and the cards are one use per 3 matches instead of direct upgrades for the characters. Would only buy if you played the first one and liked it. If not you should try the first game."
,Recommended,275180,32516441,Posted: 17 June,all,IcyCyborg,Same as the first one but more story and costumes.
,Recommended,275180,26436968,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Ayuri,"Double Fine Productions is back with this amazing sequel to Costume Quest and I HAD to play it after finishing the first game in a row. A little confused and doubtful at the beginning, mainly because of the combat system that didn't feel right, I realized it was just about adjusting ; once you're ""in"", this game is just as good as the first one.One of the highlights of Costume Quest was the story and I wasn't disappointed with this new storyline - saving Halloween traveling through time, fighting the evilish Dr. White and his dental army. A lot of fun, new costumes and abilities, various new cards to use in combat and of course, new characters. The gameplay and the quests remain identical, but it doesn't get boring for all that (you can even skip combat animations if it starts bothering you after a while). Let's not forget to mention that they (finally !) added maps.Costume Quest 2 is truly worth playing if you've finished the first game. Join Reynold and Wren one more time in a second epic adventure, in this cute and amusing RPG - and, hopefully, there will be a third adventure..."
,Recommended,275180,13038290,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Hitchet,I'm a big fan ofHalloweenand especially the first part of the game so i enjoyed it very much. There is no revolutionary step between both games but you will feel this atmosphere for sure.9/10
,Recommended,275180,12798517,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,DemonMonkeyXIII,"The only reason you'd want to play this is if you've beat the first game. Worth playing? Yes. But compared to the first game, this game definitely made some bad decisions. I can see why critics gave this game such low reviews. They oversimplified the battle system, requiring only one button and the same ""time your attack"" mechanic. The dumb aspect is that they mapped each character to a different button, which is completely pointless. A lot of the new costumes are cool, but they share a lot of the same abilities from the first game. I didn't preorder so I didn't get the DLC bonus costumes, but no worry. They're ones you already played in the first game and you'll probably prefer the new ones anyways. I liked how the 3rd child in your party was changing throughout the game. I like the ability to upgrade your costumes, but I disliked the new card system.  Instead of equipping stamps for different effects, you can only choose 3 cards to bring into battle. Once used, they need a cooldown of X battles to use again. The only reason I used all of them was to complete an Achievement. Overall I had fun playing the game, but just like eating candy after brushing your teeth, it'll definitely leave a weird taste in your mouth..."
76561198076702918,Recommended,275180,30133571,Posted: 23 February,all,Elysian Warrior,You remember costume Quest one? This game EXPANDS on the original with more costumes and more story with a new story and new characters. I LOVE this game i give this game 5 stars. IT IS THAT GOOD The attacks and new moves are also a joy to use. the candy corn quoates are downright HILLARIOIUS! The Combat was improved from the first game... though i wish the battle stamp system was still a thing... and being able to EAT candy to heal rather than having to walk all the way to a save point was a nice change of pace. And the NEW super abilities are Quirky Funny and awesome all at the same time. the funniest was Jefferson's Decloration of Destruction Especially when i dental drone starts munching on it.
,Recommended,275180,29107686,Posted: 7 January,all,gunsage,"The original Costume Quest was a great game and the sequel doesn't disappoint either.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvl3TkzUcHwCostume Quest 2 is, plainly, an RPG about kids trick or treating.  On the surface, that's all it is.  However, it's Tim Schafer at the helm with all his inherent crazyness making it absolutely hilarious.  The battle system is quite nice and nods to classics such as Super Mario RPG with its timing mechanisms and job system (well, costume system in this case) of Final Fantasy 5, but put in a very light way so people of all ages can enjoy it.So yes, it's a turn-based RPG with timing mechanics based on trick-or-treating that is absolutely hilarious and charming...just like the last one...except this one revolves around a time travelling plot.  Pretty fun stuff overall."
,Recommended,275180,24014005,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Quotation-Dono,"Ooof were do I startThe Good-60fps-interesting premise-Skating without robo suit~old costumes reappear (granted pre order only game)thats it for The Good..... no I'm seriousThe Bad  (OOH THERE IS ALOT)-(IMO most of new costumes)-battle system turned into crappy Mario and luigi style gameplay-enemies are even more generic-the cool stamp system is replaced with a (pardon my french) F***ING S**TTY A**  card system-now you have to heal outside of battles too (not too bad)The Ugly-lacks the charm of the first game-Some of the UI looks terrible (IF IT AIN'T BROKE DON'T FIX IT)If you really want it then buy it, BUT..... if you want to truly see why people like the series so much buy the first one instead if you haven't already"
,Recommended,275180,33288106,Posted: 5 July,all,R.à.Z - Calibore (NewSensi),"First opus, remastered, with new story and content.Is good."
,Not Recommended,275180,18572340,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,NReale3370,"If you enjoyed the first Costume Quest on the surface this one feels and plays pretty much the same, so you'll enjoy it too.  That being said this one is much shorter and simpler than the first one.  My 100% completion time was about 7 hours.  Graphically the game looks a bit better, but the quests are simpler, the costumes less nuanced, and the battles too simplified.  I was really excited for Costume Quest 2 after enjoying the first one and am really disappointed."
,Recommended,275180,23803322,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Linkz57,"Remember when Paper Mario was an RPG? It's like that, but less fun and more repetitive. One of the weapons you start with keeps you from attacking; it's iritating, but made better by Double Fine's skilled writers."
,Recommended,275180,13809438,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,AaronThePugLord,"The sequeal to the 1st game, Costume Quest 2 is exactly what its suppose to be. Cute, fun and now a bit more challenging. I played the game twice because I realize there was an achievement to finish through the whole game with one of your party members wearing the candycorn costume, which is a bit more challenging.The story takes place immediately after the first game (not gonna go any further discussion about the story because I dun want to give spoilers), though I have to say they could have a little bit more depth to the story. The whole game is almost the same to the first one, but with a number of additional gimmicks and changes:1) All the characters now have the same button prompt unlike the previous game where they all have a variety of it;2) You can now attack again after a successful attack, and also there are levels of damage depending on your timing;3) You can now defend and counter;4) Once you flee, you will teleport auto-matically to a healing-well-thingy, which follow up to my next point...5) You can now heal and save at a healing-well-drinking-thingy, not a ignorant police phone booth;6) You will have a lot of cards to use in battle to act as an battle-equalizer, because the fights are a lot harder than the first game7) You can now move faster in any costume, unlike the first game which is the ability for the robot costume;8) Costumes and enemies now have effectiveness typing, kinda like rock scissors paper. They are Monster, Magic and Mech types.Thats all the things I can think of for now.The game is now more challenging, which is good. The characters are still adorable and lovable, and the attack prompts in battle feels more respondsive. The main menu though, I wish they would just stick to the simple looking menu rather than what it is now, but oh well. Overall not bad for a sequal."
,Recommended,275180,12895800,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Struck Cold,"If you haven't played the original Costume Quest, check that out first.  The game plays pretty close to the original.  The game isn't really hard and anyone should be able to pick it up and enjoy it.  The costumes in this version are memorable and none of them repeat from the original unless you pre-ordered or they release the DLC.  I thought the storyline in this met my expectations of a sequel.  You play the kids from the original and they time travel to stop an evil dentist from destroying Halloween.  This time both the brother and sister are teamed up.  You still have to make a decision in the beginning on which one gets the dialogue throughout the story though.  I recommend picking it up if you liked the original a lot."
76561197970170056,Recommended,275180,13182886,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Stense,"Pros:-Very funny, witty story and dialogue.-Easily accessible for all.-Great music.-Wonderful art and graphics.Cons:-Repetitive combat.-A bit too similar to the first game.I never really did Halloween when I was a kid. I’m one of those killjoys who rolls her eyes at the Halloween decorations the shops insist on trotting out and flogging to a mostly disinterested British audience every year. I managed to work my way through my formative years without it playing any part in my yearly routine. I never went trick or treating, or ‘glorified begging’ as I was told it was. I’ve never really done fancy dress in any big way either. In fact I’ve probably put more effort into making costumes for my hedgehog soft toys than I have for myself. Costume Quest 2 lets me precariously live out my repressed need to threaten strangers into giving me sweets and dress up in increasingly deranged outfits whilst hitting monsters, which I assume is standard Halloween behaviour for those inclined.Costume Quest was a game that impressed me immensely. It was simple in places but filled with all the wonderful charm and wit that Double Fine have built their reputation on. Like Psychonauts (another game I love), Costume Quest is a game about being a kid, doing kid stuff and seeing the world in a fantastical way that the adults around them just cannot do. It’s silly and quirky without coming across as pandering or dumbed down. On the contrary, Costume Quest had some really clever writing. Despite my Halloween-cynicism, I was strangely excited about the prospect of Costume Quest 2 (especially after seeing the wonderful announcement trailer).After stopping monsters stealing all the Halloween candy, brother and sister team Wren and Reynold are preparing to finally enjoy some trick or treating Halloween fun. But would you believe it, an evil dentist has changed history to outlaw the festival. The simple premise belies the sharpness of the writing and the sheer joy of finding all the gags and japes the game has to offer. There is always something happening on screen, be it a quick one liner or a visual gag going on in the background. It seems there is no wasted space in the game world, everything has a purpose. I adored the art style that lead designer Tasha Harris gave the first game, I’m very pleased to see that the sequel has added to it in the best way, keeping the style consistent as new characters are introduced and fresh costumes take centre stage. The game looks brilliant, being so full of colour and life as it is with some well thought out areas to explore.It plays almost exactly as its predecessor. Costume Quest was never the most challenging of games in terms of gameplay, which is fair, not every game needs to be a hardcore l33t ultra noob-smasher pain-a-thon. I always enjoyed the gentler style Costume Quest took but it would have been nice to have the sequel mix things up a bit more to stop it becoming too repetitive or overly familiar. Very little has changed. The meat of the game is divided betwixt two scenarios; knocking on doors to trick or treat and seeing if you get candy or a fight, and then there is the fighting. It’s not a bad system but one that gets a bit too predictable the longer the game goes on. The fighting in particular runs close to becoming tedious after a while. Two parties line up and take turns hitting each other until one party has lost all its health points, it’s a time honoured system but one that wears itself pretty thin when it’s limited to a few characters with the same moves and little involvement from the player.The combat system has had a bit of tweaking though. The button timing mechanic for attacking opponents has been streamlined slightly to make it more consistent over the various costumes and there is a more effective block/counter-attack move to be learned. However you’ll be performing the same actions so many times in combat you become numb to them. The joy of seeing the kids you play as transform into literal representations of their costumes and fight giant monsters or robots loses its impact after the hundredth fight or so. The special moves your characters can use are amusing (the clown’s ‘laughter is the best medicine’ is my favourite), but even they become tiresome the more you see them. There are some enemies that certain costumes are stronger or weaker against, but I never found myself needing to worry about it so much and just used the costumes I liked best or had upgraded most recently. You also need to heal your party after fights otherwise damage taken rolls over to the next battle, but even this was never an issue I needed to adjust my tactics for. You can just eat some candy at any point to replenish health or visit a water fountain.In the end, combat started to become the tedious bits in between the story and exploring. As slight as the fetch quests and trick or treating that make up the bulk of the non-fighting sections are, I still did it all with a big grin on my face. The world is just so cute and charming that I was irresistibly compelled to play on and poke my nose into every little corner of the game. The story was enjoyably bizarre and presented well (it follows on directly from the CQ1 DLC, Grubbins on Ice). It’s frequently very funny and features a twist that had me giggling so much I dropped my controller. I spent a silly amount of time running around being a jerk honking a loud clown horn in people’s face, trying to initiate diplomatic talks with everyone and hitting alligators with candy buckets. That this is a game that encourages such childishness can only be a good thing in my opinion.It may not be for everyone, but if you’re after a game that captures the child like glee of getting caught up in an insane festival, then Costume Quest 2 may be for you. It doesn’t do anything that its forbearer didn’t do, but it’s a game that boasts buckets full of wit and an incredibly adorable outlook that’s hard to dislike. After all, if it can make stone-hearted me appreciate Halloween in anyway, it has to be onto something.From my review forCoffee Break Gaming."
,Recommended,275180,12665034,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,RitchWhiteBoy™,"Not necessarily finished with the game but I'm at end-game, so I'll go ahead and type this outI think this is a good sequel to the first Costume Quest + Grubbins on Ice, so far from what I played.+ Great follow-up to the cute-sy story the series has, along with excellent and consistent writing on-par with the first game+ While time-travel can be a cliche, it can be seen as a fitting trope for the game (that is if you played the GoI epilogue)+ While battle stamps were removed, creepy treat cards now take its place in a much more practical way- Optimization needs work, it's harsher on the CPU than the first game- Combat is dumbed down and less varied, and some the QTEs don't register from time to time- While you could just hit the close window button, it takes too long to get back to the main menuI still recommend this game to those that enjoyed the first game though!"
,Recommended,275180,28973625,Posted: 3 January,all,Cream Kitten,"Absolutely adore this game.My only advice is to make good use of the card system - they recharge...and make the game a lot easier!Beautiful game, and although initally jarringly different to the combat system of the first game, it becomes very quickly a challenging and fun experience.Creating a squad with your 3 favourite costumes is a real treat (pun unintended...). So is upgrading the costumes - wish you could do it more than once...definitely will be drawing fanart for this game at some point. LOVE it. Sequel, Double Fine? Please? <3"
,Recommended,275180,29281848,Posted: 15 January,all,Dravvad,"Costume Quest 2 is a sequel to the extremely fun and interesting kids' adventure embodied in the original Costume Quest. While the story of Costume Quest 2 is meant to continue on from the first game, and is meant to embody the same style, I would say that this sequel is not quite as strong as the original.I am an extreme fan for the first game and still really enjoyed this game, but it definitely has some big weaknesses. Note that I played both of the games back-to-back, so certain details stood out even more than they might have for years apart.An adventure RPG is here for you again, as you continue with the brother and sister from the first game, stuck in a bad world suddenly being taken over by a dentist of all people. You must fight your way through some returning monsters from the first game as well as robots created by the dentist to keep his world in check.Many of the mechanics of the first game still exist, such as using costume abilities to explore the map, the same player stats, the turn-based RPG battles... However, there are some tweaks here and there. In the first game, the only way to sprint across maps was to use the robot ability, which was a slight grievance to keep changing costumes. This game fixes that with its own designated button, thankfully. Further, in the previous game, most battles were triggered at specific points, with only a few sections having enemies walking along the map. This game now has many sections where enemies will run around on the map and you need to avoid them unless you want battle - and many of them respawn. That change is good for giving the maps more life, but bad in the sense that the game adds in some grinding.Other bigger changes are to the battle style. In the previous game, you mainly performed normal attacks and used the special powers when available. This game adds in a few changes to that: First, you can now run away from battles if you do not want to have them. Second, the developers removed Battle Stamps and you now find Treat Cards which allow for special attacks or powers in battle. You can equip 3 cards at a time and any character can use them. They can only be used once per battle, and each card has a different time limit before it can be reused (i.e., you must complete X number of battles). Third, when you perform attacks, you must now hit the attack button at an exact timing to perform more damage, which is much tougher than in the original game.Some of those battle changes make the game stronger, some make it weaker. One thing I particularly noticed is that the majority of battles take a lot longer than they did in the first game. The developers seemed to make enemies a lot stronger and you a lot weaker. (As a note, I did have one of my characters being the Candy Corn costume the whole game!)Besides the above, the rest of the game is pretty much the same, but this time not as fun. You explore the maps, use costumes to get around, and perform trick-or-treating a lot while also solving some side quests... While the first game was quite nice to do that exploration, it now became somewhat of a chore. The story of the game is not as well-done as the first, for many of the main characters only show up occasionally, and the game has a significantly smaller amount of conversations and funny dialog. Further, while the places of exploration are still nice in style, that lack of characters and events makes some of them particularly boring.If you enjoyed the first Costume Quest, you might still enjoy Costume Quest 2 to some ends, as I still did. But I definitely think that the developers fell behind on keeping the game consistent. The feeling of heart and charm that I had for the first game only happens sporadically for this one."
76561198031805461,Recommended,275180,33539425,Posted: 14 July,all,Den,All I can say is that if you loved playing the orginal; then you'll love its even more innovative sequel even more.
76561198049733975,Recommended,275180,18653904,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Son of Simon,"This game has some technical issues. It has the same pacing problems as the first game. Overall, though, I enjoyed it more than the first one. The story comes close to milkman conspiracy levels of weirdness."
,Recommended,275180,14314623,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,kelseyr713,"Costume Quest 2 has all the charm and humor of CQ1; I found myself laughing out loud a lot. However, the combat is not only just as tedious as the last time, there also seems to be more of it. There's also a huge difficulty spike in the last third of the game that's almost unfair - it's not really fun to hammer away at three enemies with twice your hit points every time you enter a battle. Its charm, however, outweighs that tedium, especially if played with a friend next to you and/or in short play sessions.Also, the graphics are great - the water deserves a special mention, I spent quite a bit of time stopping to look at it."
,Recommended,275180,18729259,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,iddqd,"Incredible. This successor to Costume Quest is simply amazing and does everything right which the first game didn't (Skippable cutscenes and battle intros, Sprinting with every costume, etc.).The storyline is actually a bit weaker than in the first game, but the improved gameplay makes up for that."
,Not Recommended,275180,12408493,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Rookery,"Buggy, short, and full of reused assets.  Essentially unchanged from Costume Quest, only buy if your willing to play the same guy yet again."
,Recommended,275180,12831621,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,RatsNCatsNBats,"I have a really hard time getting into games with JRPG style combat, which I've come to find pretty boring especially when coupled with endless grinding.I love the Costume Quest games despite that and feel like they're too short, if anything. I finished this one in about 10 hours so it might have been nice if they had indulged in a maybe just a bit of grinding if not some other form of padding.But even beyond the bucket loads of charm the series already has, I think this sequel is worth it alone just for the one quest chain where you build up your music cred playing the clown horn.Definitely recommended if you liked the first one."
,Recommended,275180,12789692,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Braxton Wise,"This second version is just as cute, charming, and funny as the first one. The battle mechanics are different this time, but I think it adds an extra level to the fights. No, this isn't a difficult game. The charm is in the art style and atmosphere."
,Recommended,275180,25308554,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Suigeneris_,"Very fun little turn based RPG. Halloween is my favorite holiday, so this was a must. Played and beat the original a few years back and got this on sale for dirt cheap. Highly recommend if you enjoy the humor in Double Fine games or if you're looking for something short to get into."
76561198047232247,Recommended,275180,23342934,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Bronski Beat,"Great game, lovely atmosphere."
,Recommended,275180,27946731,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,✨ Hatty ✨,"Got it completed with achivements and everything in 15 hours!This game and Costume Quest 1 were bought in a bundle, so you can often find them on sale!(Even now as I write, they're £1.49 for both of them).They're both super great games, but this one expands on the storyline of the first, and is a bit difficult than the other.The play mechanics are also different when it comes to collecting cards /stamps.It doesn't make it a bad game though! Just because something is changed doesn't mean it is a bad change.Battles are similar to the first game, and a bit easier in my opinion!If you like to collect like I do, then go for it!"
,Recommended,275180,28126220,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Bearboots,"A group of youngsters face a future without Halloween after an evil dentist steals a relic which allows him to drastically alter the future by allowing monsters into the human world. These monsters live off the currency of candy, something that is now illegal for humans to consume. Desperate to save Halloween and prevent the dentists version of a utopia coming to fruition, the crew goes back in time (and then to the future, and then back again?? and then the future once more... and then... kinda jump between the two a couple more times trying to unlock that freaking solar system costume) and save Halloween using the only logical method of attack... turn based combat!Double Fine have a habit of making charming games that I love. They aren't perfect (except Psychonauts which literally is perfect and when I die I hope to be buried with it) but what they lack in one area they will more than make up for in story telling, character development and humour. I found that I take more screenshots playing Costume Quest games and DLC than any other game. Everything just looks gorgeous, not like a new AAA game where you can see every speck of dirt on the lead characters face, as he walks in a rain, with a lightning storm in the background and great lighting effects - no, not that. It's gorgeous because it's colourful and engaging. The world, be it cartoony, feels real.Honestly, I enjoyed the original more than the sequel but it's still worth playing if you're a fan of their work and want to support the developers. If you are not a fan or know nothing about Double Fine or their games, I would recommend starting with the original."
,Recommended,275180,16483895,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Sandwich Maker 2000,Costume Quest is under rated and seriously awesome. I loved the first and this one is pretty awesome too ! Definitely worth the buy!
,Recommended,275180,33790931,Posted: 25 July,all,Ranseurs,"This is the sequel from the game that consist from two main element: the costume, and the quest. So the title is... Costume Quest 2.+Battle system improvement: combo, counter, new ability system, and other,+Story improvement, involved the past and the future,+Setting improvement, ex: you can boost your movement without specific costume,+And of course with the new costume and new quest.Recommended: still 8 / 10P.S. : Better play the prequel so you can know the basic of the game and the story."
76561198010230088,Recommended,275180,35264799,Posted: 28 September,all,xcharlie_on_the_runx,love this game
,Recommended,275180,13963744,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,scotbuff,Fun casual RPG for the whole family.
,Not Recommended,275180,34451716,Posted: 23 August,all,Good Ol' JR,"Longer, better RPG mechanics and the humor hasn't left, but the tone of the game is lost. First Costume Quest makes you feel nostalgic for Halloween or the autumn season. This loses that with the time travel stuff. If you liked the rpg elements in the first game, you'll like this. Otherwise, skip it."
76561198108183039,Not Recommended,275180,20382356,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,DiabolicalDude,"EhCostume Quest 2 is the sequel to costume quest and it is pretty apparent as the game is pretty much a reskin of the first game with some gameplay changesStoryThe game continues off of the DLC (I think) of the previous game where you have to go and free the future from an oppressive dentist while going through the past. It's a bit weird (But then again, so was the story of the first game). However, I think the first game had more charm. It was about halloween and monsters rather than time traveling dentist dystopias. Not bad but not really good eitherGameplayIt's been gutted and changed. You still only have one basic attack and one special attack. However, now it involves timing and your damage depends on how close you hit it to the indicator. You can also block and counter although they have their own disadvantages. The one thing that I really didn't like is that the status cards are no longer applied to characters. Instead, you have to play them in game (which wastes a turn). This turns down the amount of customization each characters has (which is already pretty low) and I wish they really didn't change it.Graphics/PerformanceThe game ran at a smooth 60 with a 4790K, GTX 970, and 16GB of ram. It looks much better than the previous game (Especially the water reflections). When you zoom into a character, it looks a bit.. cartoony but that's just the play style.Final thoughts.Overall, it's basically part 2 of a game with a different combat engine. It wasn't bad but there is just so much freaking combat and it gets old really fast. I was just rushing through to finish it and didn't want to do the side quests like the first game. Play it if you really want to"
76561198158725467,Not Recommended,275180,34283803,Posted: 16 August,all,Vincezilla,"Extremely disappointing that the pre-order DLC is still not yet available for purchase 3 years after release. Four costumes already on the file and no way to unlock them. At least if there is I have yet to find a guide to unlocking them on all of google. Seems like a waste and a punishment for all those who didn't pre-order, the Pumpkin costume was my favorite in the first game and I have to miss out because I didn't have a gaming pc when this game released. Permanent exclusive DLC should be illegal. But other than that the game itself is solid and fun, but the story and atmosphere was superior in the first game, but that's just my opinion. I just don't like to endorse locked DLC gimmicks."
,Recommended,275180,23943931,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,C@$H--[1138],I loved the first game and I love this one.
76561198006849221,Recommended,275180,24568523,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,rjazz2,More of the same from part one. Entertaining and cute. Like kids are. Until they hit their teens. Then you wanna kill them.
,Not Recommended,275180,12467865,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,kathrynhlewis,"If you are aiming to play this on a Mac, without an Xbox controller, I really urge you not to bother. I think it's an absolute joke that Double Fine are allowed to include that Apple icon in the description.I adored Costume Quest, but there are many changes in the sequel that haven't improved the game and the new controls make it very uncomfortable to play. For example, WASD has replaced the arrow keys for movement. Fine, but when you have to use E to pail-bash and Shift to skate, my left hand is doing way too much work and my right hand is just hanging out at home like it's not invoted to the party. It's painful.The fight sequences are dull now. They've tried to add more features but for some reason it just feels more repetitive. I havent even got as far as using the treat cards in fights due to how frustrating the controls are.To top it all off, on A Mac the entire right third of the screen is...well I don't know what's going on there but it ain't working. It's black or greyed out. I have to change the resolution to fix it. Every. Time. I play.I feel like I've tried my best with it but, no. What a massive disappointment. I actually want my money back if these issues are not fixed."
76561198079781379,Not Recommended,275180,14499331,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Bucketo'Bullets,It seems to be a very nice game and I would love to play it more but this must only be me but on the first costume quest the game ran so smoothly and was amazing but on this one It is just a laggy mess. So in the Tutorial battle when the corvax wants you to get that first hit to continue the game its just too laggy to get it so I have never gotten further than the tutorial :(
,Not Recommended,275180,15449412,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,muffeeb,"I have only had time to play one play through. I would stick to the first costume quest. The story is bland, combat is weak, quests get repetitive. Overall this game is ""fun"", but I would stick to the first."
76561197976812896,Not Recommended,275180,15297694,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Social Diseases,"Inferior in every way to the original. There's not much more to say. It took a charming, simple little game and made it needlessly complicated to prolong playtime."
76561198195989650,Not Recommended,275180,18057310,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,natashacavata,"There are new cool costumes, and the characters and story are still awesome. The problem is that now you don't have auto heal after battles. Walking back and forth from save points is a little bit annoying. The cards are now to be used in battles, they are not equpments anymore. And all the costumes have the same quick time events in order to land a good attack or defend. I really wanted to like this game, but it was pretty disappointing after such a great experience on the first game."
,Not Recommended,275180,18641664,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,aVe,"The main difference between the two Costume Quest games mostly lies in story and settings, and not much on gameplay that is very similar.Since I really liked the first episode, I should have appreciated this one; because once I have found an engaging gameplay, I really like to play it again in sequels. But in a strange way, Costume Quest 2 had a complete opposite effect on me.Maybe it's because of the long launch, the counter-intuitive main screen, the ""knock on doors for candies or combat"" part or the ""too-fine / too hard"" controls, I don't know. I felt the pleasurable experience from the first Costume Quest somewhat vanished.Even if I do appreciate hard and punishing games that presents tough challenges, doesn't help you a bit, and reward your efforts with mastery; I wasn't expecting Costume Quest 2 to challenge me that much when I only wanted a laid-back, relaxed play time."
,Recommended,275180,18863825,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Sweetdelete,"I am a huge fan of Double Fine Productions!Having 100% The first Costume Quest, I wanted to do that on this game too!Pros. and Cons.Pros+ Funny dialouge!+ Great Story+ Awesome battle concept (Using costume to transform)+ Graphics are SO CUTE, The Design is awesome!+ The timing sequencesCons.- Too short- Wanted to see more special attacks on charactersIf you love Halloween, RPGS and various types of candies, PLAY THIS!"
,Recommended,275180,12715130,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,BrutolMotent,"Costume Quest 2 feels exactly the same as the original game, which is not a bad thing if you're a fan of the original. The sequel continues the story where the original game left off with the same characters. The sequel did not have the same Halloween vibe as the first one did for me, which made going through the game not as enjoyable as I wished. If you enjoyed the first one it's worth playing the second one, however if you could barely get through the first one then I would recommend avoiding the sequel. Overall, it was pleasant to see the Costume Quest storyline continued in a sequel however it does feel like a large expansion pack rather than a sequel on its own."
76561198152934268,Recommended,275180,26401122,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,ONGP shAke,"10/10, lots of fun, a worthy sequel to the original."
,Recommended,275180,26986107,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Red Leader,Amazing fun quick game. A must have for everyone that wants that ol' child spirit that games nowadays lack so much.
,Recommended,275180,18831705,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,"Tomas ""Ya Bird"" Jefferson","A charming, short RPG that is perfect for all ages. It's definitely preferred to play the first one because this has zero plot recap, but even without the gameplay and charming design are fully enjoyable. Collect parts of costumes, go trick or treating, and enjoy the beautiful Double Fine graphics!"
,Not Recommended,275180,12427253,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,LadyPlays,"I've been playing for around 30 mins so far and I can honestly say it's.. meh. The story is ok I guess, But it doesn't seem original.- The battle system is a single style timed attack, unlike CQ1 there was different styles depending on the costume.- The creepy treat cards are disposable in battle items and not buffs.Overall I'm not too impressed so far. I'm playing it only because I bought it. I really enjoyed the first Costume Quest and I feel this is a let down. If you want to see gameplay and know the story, just watch lets plays. It's saving you disappointment and if you want it after that, then buy it."
,Recommended,275180,12750307,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,glorfindel1975,"Cerco di essere breve.Terminato in circa 6 ore, e mi aspettavo di più come contenuti (rispetto al primo).Il gioco è molto bello e mi fila liscio a 60fps senza esitazioni. Ho letto di problemi di altri a riguardo degli fps, ma io non ho mai avuto prtoblemi in nessuna circostanza.Rispetto al primo l'ho comunque trovato più raffinato ed i combattimenti sono meno noiosi. Le locazioni sono molto belle. La storia è un pò meh, ma abbastanza simpatica.Lo consiglio, ma non a prezzo pieno: prendetelo in questo periodo al 50% di sconto o aspettate tempi migliori."
,Not Recommended,275180,25370659,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Sivek,"Costume Quest 1 was a cute, simple and very tedious game.  Costume Quest 2 seemed to double-down on the tedium while losing some of the charm, as I couldn't even finish the first area before uninstalling.  Fights are simple but very long and feature timed button presses against HP-sponge enemies.  They are all long and boring and samey in the worst way.It's hard to believe someone at Double Fine didn't see the problem here, but I'm guessing they knew it was a bad design choice but were more afraid of being accused of releasing a short game than a tedious one since people that play games would rather slog through garbage for dozen of hours than have fun for a few.Even the writing in the bit I played didn't seem as fun as the original, and even exiting the game is strangely tedious if you don't force quit out of it.  Costume Quest 2 is a really disappointing game that apparently learned nothing from the flaws of its predecessor."
,Recommended,275180,12440034,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,pabloandnene,"If you like turn based RPGs and/or liked Costume Quest 1, this is worth your while. Silly story, fun to play. The only complaint I would have is probably that the healing costumes (like the clown) become very unnecessary due to how over powering you can be compared to your opponents (even the final boss). Still, for the price of a premiere 3D movies now a days, this is a great deal for even as little as 6 hours of gameplay (fastest I've heard anyone play through it yet). I got about 10 hours of real play, maxing out my levels, collecting all of the costumes and candy cards."
,Recommended,275180,12481323,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,seorin,"It's a fun expansion on the first game with a few mechanical changes. If you enjoyed the first one, you'll probably like this one, too. I personally prefer the first game, but this is still worth the money. Some people even like this one better.What's New:Content (costumes, story, areas, etc.)No more battle stampsCreepy Treat cards are usable in combat (you don't lose the card)Special meters and health carry over between battlesRestore health with plentiful fountains or by eating candyCostumes are upgradableThe Good:Same style and sense of humor as the first gameCandy corn is now a playable costumeRespawning monsters make it easier to earn candyA short, fun game that doesn't overstay its welcomeIt's basically just more Costume QuestThe Bad:Costumes and areas feel less varied than the originalNo apple bobbingArea puzzles and secrets are formulaic and samey"
,Recommended,275180,12453538,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,GameZard,"My PlaythroughYoutube PlaylistThe ReviewI really enjoyed this game and I enjoyed it more than the original Costume Quest. This game takes everything good about the original Costume Quest and improves it. The combat is more intense, theirs more costumes, more characters, and the story became more complex. This game also fix the issues from the last game by running at 60fps and by have a more satisfying ending. If you enjoy RPGs with a nice light-hearted story and characters or you loved the original Costume Quest, then this game is certainly for you."
,Not Recommended,275180,28229524,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Nosiyboy850,to be honest i prefer the old combat system and the old controls of the game and also i miss the old everything to the first game their should be a classic mode button with the old key buttons and the old combat system
76561198164282059,Recommended,275180,17662862,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Raven404,i can kill bad guys with costumes.i can wack bad guys with my candy pail.i can learn that candy corn is love.i can break out of jail.i can zipline.i can bob for apples... oh wait that was costume quest 1.i can beat up the local dentist.i can time travel.i can tell dorsilla that she killed halloween.i can beat a duel with the violin guy with a clown horn.conclusion: best game EVER!!!!!!!10/10 would hit monsters with candy pails again.
,Recommended,275180,21132152,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Lyzzie,"Such a nice game! As good as Costume Quest, this game has a beautiful graphic aspect, nice soundtrack and the RPG elements has improved, making the game a bit more difficult, as it should be.just love it!"
,Not Recommended,275180,15229985,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Scornado_YT,THIS GAME SUCKS IT CAN GO JUMP OFF A CLIFF BECAUSE IT WAS A RIP OFF PRICE FOR WHAT YOU GET!!!
76561198049314743,Recommended,275180,13353219,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Fallon,Great!
,Recommended,275180,30108177,Posted: 22 February,all,Practical Problems,+great fairytales+halloween theme+battle+quest+collect stamps/candies/costume+achievement+new/hiding costume+time machine-no old costumeI miss unicorn :c
,Recommended,275180,12507595,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Forevermuffins,"This game is very nice and a good continuation picking up from the extended end of Costume Quest.Emphasis on ""nice' and ""Good"", not outstanding (like the original).If you liked the first game, you will probably find this one good too...Having played the first for the first time soon before playing Costume Quest 2, I can say that the first game had a lot more charm and better writing and attention to detail. The story seems less Halloween-centric even though it says it is, it loses some spirit trying to add scale. The sequel also relies on hints, tells, and story elements that are very dependent on the first game making it feel like it cant stand on its own.Costume Quest 2 feels like the DLC for Costume Quest 1 did, sorta tacked together in the same world but not as much heart or attention put in it, its the little things that seemed to be missed or stand out, unlike the original (I'm not talking graphics persee)I truly feel something was lost, I chuckled or smiled a bit in Costume Quest 2, but I played Costume Quest not a week before, and I was smiling and laughing my butt off. It just felt drawn out after a while, and a great example of this, compared to the last fights of Costume Quest 1, which were awesome and funny and sorta epic, the last fight, heck most of the boss fights in 2 were sorta boring, leaving me pining for more.That isn't to say Costume Quest 2 isn't good, they try to shake up the combat a bit and have different ways to power up your characters and it has many many many nods to the original game, almost to the point of head scratching at times. I think the game sorta took itself too seriously, even though it was also being ridiculous. Also, I can see they were trying to make the game ""more rewarding through skill"" but in so doing, they made the game dismally easy in the process.I have a feeling, and this is my opinion, that this game may have been DLC for the original, based on the content (aka, the excessive reuse) I witnessed.All in all, the style and shading and detail has changed a little bit, subjectively to its detrement or benefit, and the game plays in a more active fashion than before, making the player react more during turns than the original. Engine wise and concept wise it actually has not greatly progressed from the original and I beat the game with a feeling that this was ""expanded DLC"" of the original, it uses and relies on the original too much to consider it as it's own game, really.Costume Quest is a game that revels in Halloween, the sequel does not, and though it is not bad, it doesn't fufil my cravings like the original did."
,Recommended,275180,12440920,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Halfalloy Physicist,"Costume Quest 2 is superior to the original, as it improves upon many of the gameplay mechanics that it introduced. Here's what CQ2 boasts:+ A new combat system.Anyone who's played CQ1 will tell you that that game's battle system was not the most exciting. It required you to perform quick time events to increase the damage output of your attack or the damage reduction of your block. Instead, CQ2 now requires you to press a single button at a precise moment to do the same. This sounds terrible but actually the timing is brutal with its precision and messing it up can and will screw you over, especially when you get into the realms of needed precise timing to be able to do counter attacks and double hits.That said, much like the original CQ, you will run on autopilot eventually, as the precise timing will soon turn into muscle memory.+ Many different areas.This is either a hit or a miss, as the original CQ had only three areas, however each area was unique and really well made. In CQ2, there are now several areas that can sometimes seem a bit samey. They're all great to look at, but do sometimes feel like a chore to navigate.The new addition of maps is fantastic, and I've heard complaints of people saying they would prefer it if the map told you where you were, but I didn't mind that. What I had a problem with was that the maps looked like♥♥♥♥♥♥ but once you orientate it in your head, finding your position is easy.+ Enemy classes.The original CQ had four uncredited enemy classes: ranged, melee, support magic and offensive magic. Here, they are now monster, tech and magic (the two magic classes have been fused together so healers can now cause lots of damage, as if they weren't irritating enough!). The relevance of this is that each costume has a class that it is stronger against (will do more and take less damage) and weak against (will do less and take more damage). This is actually quite a nice addition as I used to prioritise enemies to eliminate with my strongest costumes and then finish off the weaker ones with my weaker costumes, but now the game is forcing me to do that and it's much easier to figure out how it all works.+ Many new costumes.Some of them are just reskinned old ones, the ghost is the ninja, the pharaoh is the pirate and unicorn, and even the new hotdog and wizard seem similar to each other. But they do work differently by now having new costume specialisations. As well as healing, attacking and defense, you also have splash damage and ressurection costumes, among others.+ Upgradable costumes.Costumes can be upgraded for a large sum of candy by talking to Shady. It's unclear when upgrades are available or how they are unlocked, but they are useful, acting as permanent buffs and changing the model of the costume slightly.+ The robot's skate ability is now in every costume.'Nuff said.+ Useful Creepy Treats Cards.Gone are battle stamps, my friend, Creepy Treats Cards are all the rage now! Every Creepy Treats Card has an effect that can be activated in battle, which requires a cooldown to be used in later battles. You swap out which cards you take into battle outside of combat in your logbook. The effects are more interesting than the old battle stamps, such as ""Next minion to attack this hero is defeated"", ""Double XP at the end of battle"" and ""Mute a minion's magic attacks"" to name but a few. I mostly used the 'double XP' and 'instant death upon attacking hero X' ones and wasn't particularly interested in the others. I will say I preffered the art design for the Creepy Treats Cards from the original CQ.+ Story.The story continues immediately after Grubbins on Ice, and if you thought the first two stories were ridiculous, take a gander at this one. Dr. White the dentist has made a deal with a Time Wizard to go back in time to when he was a child to steal a talisman from two witches in a bog that used to exist before Auburn Pines which stops monsters from Repugia entering the human world so he can create his metropolis of a clean teeth utopia and rid the world of Halloween and candy forever.Sounds ridiculous but its actually very interesting to watch and its great to be along for the ride. What's more, I have a soft spot for watching characters I know and love grow up, and CQ2 nails that when you travel to the future and meet a married Lucy and Everett.With all of that said, CQ2 isn't perfect. There is a big black hideous tumour growing on the side of its face, resembling an awful new game mechanic that wasn't needed and really detracts from the experience. Those who have played CQ2 know I'm talking about the fountain drinking.Your health does not recover after battle, unless you level up. So to recover your health to full, you have to drink from a water fountain. This means that every couple of battles you will have to backtrack to the nearest fountain just to have a drink, only to go back to where you were and continue. It's really easy to avoid fights if you don't rush it so you pretty much won't get molested on the way to the fountain, and running away from fights teleports you to the nearest fountain anyway!It's really dumb and doesn't add anything to the gameplay, other than an annoyance to have to backtrack. Plus, when you enter a new area, your first priority is to find either Shady or a fountain, as any area entered for the first time spawns a map for purchase from Shady. So if you find Shady, buy the map and you'll see where the fountain is. If you find the fountain first, remember where it is.Overall, Costume Quest 2 is fantastic. Fans of the original will adore this game, and like Costume Quest before it, I can see myself giving this game multiple playthroughs. It took me about 7.4 hours to beat first time round, when the original CQ and its DLC combined takes about 6. Both of those times are taking all quests completed into account."
,Recommended,275180,12520276,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,ExHaseo,"Costume Quest 2 is by every definition of the word, a sequel.Before playing this game you have to play the first game, and the DLC, Grubbin's on Ice. You will have no idea what's going on if you don't, as it starts directly after the end of Grubbin's on Ice.It feels just like the first one too, in the best and worst way possible. It follows the same formula that the original game does, so it just feels more like more of the same. While that's not entirely a bad thing, it does make the game forgettable and it makes you feel like you've already done everything before.If you enjoyed the first one, you'll likely enjoy this one too, but maybe not quite as much."
,Recommended,275180,13065042,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Mister Eve,"In my opinion not as great as the first one. Some improvements, but some drops."
76561198126002986,Recommended,275180,13074248,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Shrekbob Ogrepants,this game was like the cutest game ever i recomend you to play it and share it to friends. its definetly is a kid game with just a little bit of action.still its still a good youtube series and a good game
76561198075594850,Recommended,275180,33389707,Posted: 8 July,all,Business Fish,Other best Halloween gameEdit: Full review here -http://puu.sh/tfZNs
,Recommended,275180,14616226,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Mechscalibur,"While not quite as exciting as the first game, It is still worth playing. It has a good length campaign for the cost (8-10 hours). One mechanic I enjoyed from the first time around was the different quicktime actions needed for a critical strike, and they removed it in this one in favor of individual keys for each player controlled fighter. If you enjoyed the first one, I'd still recommend picking this one up."
76561197995364531,Recommended,275180,18959039,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Noby,First i was like MEH once again ruined sequel but after playing it while it turns out to be best game from these two.Only minus is that you cannot skip the slow menus when entering to the game :E
76561198130029580,Recommended,275180,13767174,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,funkystrawberries,fun
,Recommended,275180,13168323,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,mjc0961,"Pretty good game.  Just do yourself a huge favor and don't bother with the ""Hardcorn Mode"" achievement.  It'll make every battle drag on and get boring or frustrating, and you don't get any in-game bonuses for unlocking the achievement.  It's just a pointless, throwaway achievement added by people on the dev team who had no thought for the consequences this achievement would have on the game (makes the game worse if you try to unlock it).Just play normally and you'll have a great time.  Granted, it's not as good as the first game.  They took out a lot of customization by removing stamps and made combat even simpler than before.  Still a solid game, but not as good as the first.Just don't waste your time with the Hardcorn Mode achievement. I cannot stress that enough.  It's not worth it."
,Recommended,275180,22980925,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Bentozi7,Pretty good just it can get very laggy and that could be very bad for battles with quick time events but overall its pretty good
76561198028648236,Recommended,275180,31209797,Posted: 17 April,all,Sweet n' Sour Badger,Costume quest 2 is allot like buying candy after Halloween. It's cheap and plentiful but it doesn't quite have the same feeling as buying full priced candy before the date and stuffing your craw.
,Recommended,275180,32659592,Posted: 22 June,all,Esquilo,Top quality game!
76561198049183091,Recommended,275180,29423043,Posted: 22 January,all,CanisLupus4285,"More of the same. Not a bad thing - I enjoyed the first - but don't expect much else than a slightly longer and more polished version of the original game. The battle system is considerably improved, however."
76561198203120445,Recommended,275180,24092943,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,DaniiTheGreat,i love this game so much! its cute and fun.
,Recommended,275180,27814557,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,KillerMuffin,"Great game, very easy though and it couldn't quite recapture the magic of the first one"
76561198091109382,Recommended,275180,28087396,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,The Roaming Tem,NOSTALGIA!!
76561197999737264,Not Recommended,275180,16380288,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,gary,"An extremely dull sequel.  This is the worst kind of boring tripe, it improves on nothing and adds next to nothing (apart from an almost useless map).  It feels just like an expansion pack for the first game.  This is a pure ""phone it in"" sequel.  The combat is almost identical but they managed to make it worse since you have to now pick a sticker rather than have them on your characters.  The enemies are blander than the first game and your own attacks are duller.  One character even refuses to fight.  It also shamelessly repeats the gameplay from the first game, hint to Double Fine, finding six kids that are NOT hidden at all is not fun.All too quickly I became bored and avoided combat.  This is terrible sequel that is mired in its own blandness.I bought it in the sale and still feel ripped off.  Buy the first game instead (this game assumes you've played that one anyway)."
,Recommended,275180,12411207,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Galrahn,"Definitely as much fun and entertaining as the first game. A must play for anyone that's a fan of Halloween games, or themed turn-based RPGs.The story picks up right where Costume Quest and Grubbins' On Ice left off, and doesn't recap the story. So play the original game and expansion before playing this.I've been waiting 4 years for this game, and it doesn't disappoint at all. The game also shares my hatred of dentists."
,Not Recommended,275180,19424442,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Terrawin,If you did not pre-order the game then you have♥♥♥♥♥♥ammount of content compared to the rest. The ammount of costumes in this game is completely sad... The first game had much more content and story to it. If this is the way the game had to be made then there should not have been a 2 in the first place. Double Fine used to be amazing but now I dont know if they should even bother to make games anymore.. Its pretty sad to say but Double Fine is dead. I would just pirate this game to get the pre-order content but I dont feel like wasting the time and energy.
,Not Recommended,275180,12962520,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,prettyfacebasketcase,I feel like this series could have done without a sequel.You start out the whole game with no idea what the plot is but all the characters know. You never get the backstory of some of the people.The battle play was dumbed down and is now pretty boring. I don't need to pay attention because each character has one button and the attack never changes. The first game used different buttons and you had to remember what move on  your buttons went with what attack and which character.The creepy cards are obnoxious. They don't always clearly state how long they last and the whole 'wait two battles!' is pointless. I can just replace the card. The battle stamps were much better thought out.Also. This is just a little pet peeve but there isn't anyway to skip the cutscenes Before every. flippin. battle. I'm getting real sick of watching Wren turn into a clown. -_-Overall... I'm pretty disappointed.
,Recommended,275180,12455895,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,JenniBee,"Costume Quest 2 has a lot going for it over the original: an epic time travelling story, more detail in the art, more varied (and awesome) locations, more variance in the (already excellent) soundtrack, and you now meet new characters for the third person in your party based on what time period you are in.   Don't worry about having to go to a fountain to heal yourself after battle, which would mean you need to backtrack, as this isn't the case.  You can also heal yourself by eating candy at any time.I just finished Costume Quest 2, and I ended up liking it even more than Costume Quest and Grubbins on Ice (which I already liked a lot)."
,Recommended,275180,12736331,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Krystof,"Very similar to the first in terms of story, graphics, and gameplay.Combat has been given some extra tactics to make it seem more versatile, but it still feels exactly the same.If you were a fan of the first one, this if for you."
,Recommended,275180,12418480,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,MntBerryCrunch,"This game is great! I've had no issues with it, and have already put in hours of fun. Get this game, especially if you've played Costume Quest 1! The story was rich and on point; it was definitely a step up from the first game."
76561197970399082,Recommended,275180,12423410,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,McCrank,Just as good as the first. Manages to recreate the feeling of being a kid again on Halloween. Suprisingly witty references to pop-culture throughout.
,Recommended,275180,12752141,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,aidanr,The only bad thing I'll say about this game is that the combat gets very repetitive. Aside from that though this game is very humorous and fun to play.
,Recommended,275180,26433010,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Condor Castle,78/100
,Recommended,275180,12542250,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Sven Alderson,"Bottom line: Not as good as the first in terms of battle stamp usage and constant heart healing as well as a few minor bugs here and there (during exploration I got stuck in part of the Bayou woods my character somehow pushed into and had to reset), but definitely a worthy play through if you were a fan of the 1st.  Still the best Halloween centered game series (if not the only) around!"
76561198079705823,Recommended,275180,12563169,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,carmbarber,"I just finished Costume Quest 1 and was excited to play #2. It took me quite some time to get things set where my computer would play the game. I had to make my resolution very low and remove shadows, etc. to get it to run. I still can barely use my mouse to move the cursor at menus :(  I am having a lot of trouble in combat with the lag from my keyboard but think I can eventually learn to work with it. I also was glad I had someone that had already played it some to tell me how to enable my arrow keys for moving. (It's in the key section of the menu - not the control part).I do miss being able to press the <shift> key and not watch the cut scenes going into battle - the videos are fun the first time but when you have to fight someone multiple times since you keep getting defeated, it gets tediousIn spite of the difficulties, I am still excited to play it and think it will be fun. I pre-purchased it so hope I find out where/how to get the free extra costumes. So, I will give it a ""thumbs up"" because it will be fun, but wish I could give a ""thumbs down"" for how it runs on my computer. I have a fairly new Windows 8 machine with plenty of memory that has no other issues."
,Recommended,275180,12449450,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,💷💷💷💷💷,"A fun, if short, game full of Double Fine charm. If you like the first game you'll enjoy this sequel.Personally I feel the first one is better and more charming."
76561197961416177,Recommended,275180,12439769,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Moomin,"Having enjoyed Costume Quest I was looking forward to this sequel coming out - and I wasn't disappointed! Costume Quest 2 is a refinement of the good parts of the first game (goofy colourful fun, simple mechanics with many permutations) remixed with some more modern handheld RPG elements (items with a single use per battle, reaction based attack bonuses).The puzzles are straight forward enough that anyone should be able to solve them but are still difficult enough to require some thought and experimentation. The only exception to this is the final optional costume which involves a fairly obtuse solution, though thankfully it isn't required to complete the game.I found the combat system intuitive and forgiving. While the attacks now require carefully timed button presses it is still easy to get aNice!damage bonus, which is more than sufficient to progress in the game. The best bonus isAmazing!but it is effectively impossible to get consistently. There have been complaints of input lag making combat difficult but I have not witnessed this with either the keyboard or a gamepad.My only real complaint is that it is a bit shorter than I was expecting, but it still took 6 hours on my first playthrough - that's just less than £2 per hour (assuming you don't play it again) or about the same value as a cinema ticket.If you want a silly, day long distraction for the younger generation then this will do you well. There won't be much replay value unless you are a completionist but, unlike other games, it is still possible to get all the costumes and achievements in a single sitting."
,Recommended,275180,12510634,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Digoman,"First of all, if you haven't played the original, go do that. It's a simple but charming game. The battle mechanics are very bare bones but it's art style and humor make it worth while.This sequel is basically ""more of the same"", but it's a missing a little of the nice touches of the first. The battles have been tweaked a little, but are still very simple and basically still a matter of choosing the target and timing the QTEs. There are reusable cards for effects the special actions, but in-depth combat is not what this series is known for. While the gameplay maybe slightly improved, some of the other charming aspects don't resonate as well as in CQ1. It's hard to pinpoint exactly what is missing since it's on the subjective area, but in the end it didn't have the same impact on me.It still is ""nice enough"" game, but not on par with the original.---In the end, while Costume Quest 2 is a somewhat uninspired sequel with only a few tweaks, it's still enjoyable, but only for fans of the first one. It's a short game, but priced accordingly, and probably a good pick on sales."
76561198007154038,Recommended,275180,12520438,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Frostforged,"I am enjoying this game just like the first one but, I am facing the same issues that the first game had bugs.  I completed the quest to get money for fixing the boat and now it keeps saying that i need 50 bucks even though i already have it.  I would recommend this game but, they need to fix the bugs."
,Recommended,275180,12494690,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Thatoneguy,Amazing game most people complain about no auto heal when you get out of battle and having to find a fountin but u dont and u can eat some of ur candy (25 pieces) for a full heal
,Recommended,275180,12495746,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,AndresOnion,I love RPGs. I love Halloween. I love this game.
,Recommended,275180,12462579,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,eracer68,"Back in for another sugary bite of RPG goodness. If you played the original then you know what's in store ... a cute Halloween-themed story interspersed with turn-based quick-time style combat. While I preferred the battle stamps to the creepy cards (due to having to manage your hand) and the different quick-time combat meters of the original, I still found Costume Quest 2 to be a fun successor. The story was enjoyable and the visuals on par with CQ1. It was entertaining enough that I won't mind having another go through to root out the remaining achievements."
,Recommended,275180,12630828,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,piquina,"Since I've bought it I have been soo excited to play it! Finally I've played it and finished the game and LOVED IT!It improved so much from CQ1 and I had so much fun!!! :D I love every inch of it! Colors, graphics, plot, quests, costumes and candies!!! :DIt has 1 thing similar to CQ1 I was wishing to be different and that is.. I wanted to go back after winning the game, I mean,  after winning the boss battle and open the game next day, I don't want to appear before the final boss batlle. I wanted to appear after I won and had a portal to go back to every place I've visited before.But above all is my favorite game of the year!!! :DCan't wait for DLCs pleaseee I need some witch and dracula costumes please! YAY!"
,Recommended,275180,12441939,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,#HG5,"I actually thought I would find this sequel kinda ""meh"", especially after reading some reviews. ANd even though I do agree the fountain-stuff was pretty annoying, and i missed battle-stamps, I REALLY, REALLY enjoyed this. It was almost perfect.The fight mechanics were way better, the ending was beautiful, and the story was great and actually kinda SAD!The only REAL problem I had with it tho was the setting. I'm kinda tired of time travel, but that's probably MY problem as I just bought the Back To The Future-games ;) But still, I'd like it if we either visited MORE ""times"", or at least visited some places for more than 15 minutes. I'm not a fan of the future.But 8/10."
,Recommended,275180,12470627,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Escherusa,Does for the first Costume Quest what Portal 2 did for Portal.
,Not Recommended,275180,21450516,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,just ew,The fact that this game runs at 10FPS on a computer from 2015 is just god-awful. Do not buy this game unless you are willing to put up with the awful FPS that clearly isn't shown in the trailers.
,Recommended,275180,12731452,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,SnacksOnSnacks,"A lot of fun, I am not dissapointed. Holds true to the first."
,Recommended,275180,12457653,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,hd173106,"I like the new game but not a fan of some of the battle sequences. They seem to be a bit buggy and slow like everyone is saying. Also, I think I beat the game already but somehow missed collecting one costume, some of the treat cards, and the upgrades."
,Recommended,275180,12462437,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,FallenAege,"TL;DR:This is a nostalgia game for those who liked the first Costume Quest and is, therefore, highly recommended to them.Technically, it is a prequel/sequel, but favors the sequel side.Fine grained dissection:Lots of cameos from the first game in the prequel section of this game, but they could've gone more in depth with the character backstories.The sequel section of the game is more thoroughly explored and even has a fair amount of closure unlike the blatant cliff hanger at the end of the first Costume Quest. This, alone, makes it worth the buy, though maybe when it is on sale, if you can wait.As for the execution of the game, it's visually stunning compared to the first Costume Quest, otherwise, it is very similar. There are many new worlds and costumes which are fantastic additions to the Costume Quest universe, but the battle system hasn't been changed so much as to be mind blowingly new.[Begin battle system dissection]Having that said, like some, I also hardly ever used the new Creepy Treat system (unless I was grinding for candy, even then, I only used the candy boosts) because it is not that relevant to the outcome of the battle. In fact, you essentially waste a turn using them.[/end]It is possible though not entirely necessary to grind for candy in this version, which can be...painful. Having Candy Corn battle will make or break the grind sessions. Near the end of the game, you get around200pieces of candy per battle (more the higher your level), but the cost of things is so high that it is still classified as grinding.There are still some mild bugs, such as cutscene transition speed-ups and quests occasionally breaking if you do not complete them in the right order, but it auto-saves so often that it is not a deal breaker.[Begin ending dissection]They went for an early Disney-esque ending where everybody is happy, but not everyone in the prequel side of the story was given complete closure. Nevertheless, the ending was vastly more concrete than the first Costume Quest, though it does leave a little wiggle room for something small, like DLC.[/end]"
,Recommended,275180,12467793,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,TheHeeyyy,"Your enjoyment of this game will depend greatly on how you felt about the original Costume Quest, because it's for the most part more of the same. If you couldn't look past the flaws of the original Costume Quest I doubt this game will win you over. However, if you greatly enjoyed the original Costume Quest's humour and charm (as I did), you will have a blast playing this game."
76561198066952709,Recommended,275180,12471407,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,davidromro,Everything great about the original with improved battle system and great new story/characters.
76561198071381515,Recommended,275180,12577322,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Tbarn2000,Excellent Halloween RPG! It's nice to see a series like this considering there aren't many Halloween themed games out there. I recomment Part 1 and Grubbins on Ice as well.
,Recommended,275180,12586990,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Skolia,"Decent sequel to Costume Quest.It's a bit of a mixed bag, some gameplay elements are refined (and some even improved) but the dialogue writing just doesn't reach the original."
76561198038552111,Recommended,275180,30165040,Posted: 25 February,all,Phruler,Good game
76561198004577398,Recommended,275180,12405505,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Phantom,"Its cuteA 6 / 10 on my scaleCombat gets repeatitive, is very frequent, and enemy battles always run the risk of offing you if you get carelessStory is nothing to write home about, on par with the first gameLength - Took me 4 hours to beat it at ~100% completion.  Then I took a half hour wandering the ""kill screen"" final end ""credits"" before realizing that after talking to everyone multiple times, trying to enter a house, and the like nothing would end it...  Kind of a weak ending.  At least you don't have points of no return this time.Costumes - Lots to choose from, sadly only a handful have map interaction, the rest are just for kicks.  And you'll find yourself using just a couple in battle because they are so clearly better than the others.Graphics and gameplay are about what the first offered, if you want more of that then great.Basically, if you like me have a lot of disposable income and time.  Then check it out.  If you expect anything more than the first game, you will be sorely disappointed.Again6 / 10 - Above average, below greatwith 5 being the average kickstarter greenlight stuff you see nowadays, a 10 doesn't exist, and not nearly enough games get the 1-4 that they truely deserve."
76561198017136716,Recommended,275180,12448908,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,kujaaron,"My review atwww.yourgamesource.comwhere anyone becomes Gaming Press!So October has always been a haven for Halloween and indy horror games. This year is no exception, and the first big shot is from Double Fine Productions. They are better known for a nice little title called Psychonauts, as well as some amazing smaller titles like Stacking and Broken Age.Costume Quest 2 is obviously the sequel to Costume Quest from 2010, also in October. At the core it is a turn based RPG with multiple classes and monsters. The first one took about 8 hours to completely, and I'm about 3 hours into this one, and it seems like it going to be much longer! Candy is your currency, and trading cards are your accessories. To change your class, you just don a different costume, each with unique powers and weaknesses. From a clown with a nose horn to a Pterodactyl that blows away leaves. To the very amazing candy corn costume from the first game, that we never got to use. Now we get to, and to make up for it there is an achievement for using it in every battle of the game. I already failed that achievement this time around, because oh ya it is the tank of the game, it has no offense, cant use items, or anything. It just has a fairly high threat, and decent amount of defense.The premise of the series is to go door to door trick or treating, fighting monsters, and collecting candy. You use the candy to buy upgrades to your costumes, trading cards, and maps of areas. 11 new costumes and 4 classic costumes (pre-order bonus) make up your classes, ranging from offensive, defensive (seriously the candy corn doesnt do anything but soak damage!), and healers. As an added bonus, the roller skates from the robot costume of the original are permanent, and useable in any costume. Trading cards are now items, slightly replacing stamps. You can put 3 cards into your inventory, and then use them in battle. There is a wide range of options including double exp for the battle, heal to full at the end of the battle, when the enemy attacks they take damage from it as well, a character can go twice per turn, and many more. Maps, seriously they added maps. If you watch my stream of the first game, you can see in the expansion, I missed one house, and could not for the life of me figure out where it was. Probably spent 20 mins looking for it. The map now shows you all the houses that can be trick or treated, as well as healing wells, portals, the number of costume parts found/available, and secrets found/available. Quite a huge addition in my mind.Combat has had a few tweaks as well. Each character is assigned a button specific to them. It factors in on offensive and defensive sides of the battle. You now can combo a second hit, if timing on your first hit is decent. There are also two tiers of timed hits Nice and AWESOME, both give a bonus to the damage taken, and then roll over to a second hit, which also has a timing action. Defensive uses the same button for the character, and majorly cut down on the damage, just like the original. A big difference from the first is the special meter. Instead of just powering up for 2 turns and being available on the 3rd, it charges up with each attack you give and receive. So now instead of just rotating heals on boss fights, you have to actually think about when the best time to use them is. Each costume as has a strength and weakness associated with it. These correspond to the types of enemies, and give you a bonus or penalty to your attacks if they match up with the enemies type.This time around the story picks right up after the ending to the Grubbins on Ice expansion. After jumping into the portal to escape the Monster's home world, you go back to your home town. But things are different, apparently your parents moved next door for some unexplained reason (my theory is a different dimension, not developer error). You then see Oral White DDS and some dude with a clock on his neck jump into a portal and then reappear from it. Your candy bags from Halloween soon disappear and a strangely familiar face jumps out of yet another portal and asks you to jump in with him. For some inexplicable reason, you jump in. Turns out it is Everette, the Knight from the first game, who has grown up and married Lucy (like we didnt see that coming!). The future is crazy, Halloween, costumes, and candy are outlawed, monsters run the place, and all the houses have banners promoting tooth related things as if they were the local sports team.All in all the game has improved in many areas, still has the inside jokes, and political statements of the first. Was completely worth the $15 it costs on steam (or $20 if you want the original as well). Anyone who is a fan of the first, stacking, or DFP in general should give this game a serious look. If you want to see how the game plays, I have already streamed quite a bit of the game on the gamesource twitch and youtube channels, so take a look at them!The score that everyone wants to see is that the game is an 8.5 out of 10.The game is 'fun' but not great, and I'd rather have fun than great and boring. The timing on the attacks is a little annoying at times, and I've already encountered a few glitches (non game breaking, just graphical annoyance, and some candy you cant reach at times)."
76561198030126511,Recommended,275180,12747754,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Neuroticmother,Love the first one.. this was just as good!
,Recommended,275180,12447238,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,BlueLinks,"A very good, hilarious game. If you enjoyed Costume Quest 1 or any other rpg you will definitely enjoy this. With nice graphics, fluid turn-based combat and a great story this is a must play game (Especially for Halloween)."
,Recommended,275180,12472607,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Flagerblasted,For the price you seriously can't go wrong. Great game.
76561198070267492,Recommended,275180,12475158,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,8-Bit Sunset,"This is one of those games that gets better woth each playthrough! Don't listen to the naysayers or metacritic, try using your own judgment, and be rewarded with wonderfully charming game. If you liked the first even a little, you will love this! Double Fine does it again!"
,Not Recommended,275180,24358486,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,reference to the simpsons,"so far it's similar to costume quest 1 except they took what made the original memorable and made it bettersorry i have to be a jokester about it i really cannot take anything about this seriouslythe combat's been simplified so you no longer have to look at the randomized ""hit this button for damage/no damage"" button since it's no longer randomizednow you have to save after every fight instead of after clearing every levelthe timing has been slightly improved so now you can go for a super crit or regular crit which you'll hit anywaybut really, if you're looking at costume quest 2 chances are you played the first onethis game is the same, save for more doublefine ""writing"""
,Recommended,275180,12442968,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,generatedname,"Good laughs, great gameplay.  If you take your time with exploration and talking to the NPCs, you get a solid amount of game play. The achievements also add a good amount of hours.After you are done with Costume Quest, you'll be searching for other games like Costume Quest."
,Recommended,275180,12599300,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Mad Mike Marsbergen,Costume Quest goes dystopian!
,Recommended,275180,12764301,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Nerwel,What Would You Say If You Lagged <3<3<3<3 THIS GAME!!! If You Were Me And Lagged: i Still <3 This Game!!!
76561198081123564,Recommended,275180,30434655,Posted: 10 March,all,Danny,An average game
76561198082345505,Recommended,275180,12408642,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Cairn.L,As much fun as the first one!
,Not Recommended,275180,29174950,Posted: 10 January,all,Confuse me,"The first one is better, they tried too hard on this one. if anything get the first one."
76561197990320274,Recommended,275180,12620997,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Gravitydreams,"Fun old school RPG, but too short."
,Not Recommended,275180,26299620,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,graham_martin479,"Don't bother with this game. The first game is excellent but this is unplayable due to the lag, even with all the settings turned right down the controls are totally unresponsive and I can't even get through the tutorial because it wont register the  key presses quick enough, this following complety smashing through the first one withone any issues."
76561198160782843,Not Recommended,275180,12756019,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,pwehmer,"When i enter the game im introduced to a bug where it skips alot the game is impossible to play cause when your in the battle system is really hard to get a nice.I hope they fix this cause in first game it was awsome,fun,and charming but now it impossible."
,Recommended,275180,12405923,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Renton,"Great follow up.  Any fan of Double Fine or Costume Quest should grab this.  Cheap as I am, I bought it on release date @ full price - no regrets!"
,Recommended,275180,12408969,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Nadespots,"Candy Corn is Love, Candy Corn is Life!------------------------------------------Candy Corn is Fat Free!-Candy Corn contains less sugar than a raisin!-Candy Corn has no arms!-Candy Corn doesn't listen to haters!-Candy Corn has a long shelf life!-Candy Corn is delicious!If you want more facts about CANDY CORN you NEED this game!"
,Recommended,275180,12407132,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Cain_Kousei,Its just like the first one! That means its fantastic! Atmosphere! Adventure! CANDY!What else could you ever need.BUY IT.
,Recommended,275180,12404807,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Vampyrette,"Yay, long awaited!So I've been waiting for years when I hear the 'rumour' that a sequel will be coming out. Been counting down the days and I finally get to play it. Since the Costume Quest was released 3-4years ago, playing this made me reminisce a little. The game play is a little slow but the characters are pretty interesting. Here's my first walk through ever, hope to give people an idea of the game play!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mKIIL_3FUsU"
76561198004006208,Not Recommended,275180,33575772,Posted: 15 July,all,GaiaHero,A lazy sequel to a fantastic game franchise that really deserved to have a stronger level of effort. Without a serious pitch to radically change the level of quality of the franchise do not bother with future titles in the series or this game either.
,Not Recommended,275180,34364799,Posted: 19 August,all,Sindres,nope boring...
,Recommended,275180,12403368,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Mike Wazowski,"Great RPG with a Halloween twist. If you enjoyed the first one, you will enjoy this one.Cons:- Back tracking for Healing after a battle- Creepy treat cards instead of badges11/10. Would Trick or Treat again"
76561198113268833,Recommended,275180,12402473,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,ThatOneGuy,"This game is amazing. I've played the first one and the expansion of it 4 times, I love that the villian is a dentist. and that you can play as candycorn. I highly recommend this game, but you really should play through the Costume Quest 1 before you play this one. My only complaint is that when you get out of a battle, you are not healed so you have to go all the way to the beginning of the map to get a drink from the water fountain.8/10_____________________________________________________________Edit:When I first bought this game, you couldn't eat the candy to heal. I think that is just genius, so I am changing my review.9/10"
,Not Recommended,275180,12697545,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,toddsicle,a MUST skip game. everything good about the first one has been jacked up just pass on this
76561198201025103,Recommended,275180,17342394,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,vampchick,so fun and easy to play
,Recommended,275180,18885890,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,tylersticka,"I really liked the first Costume Quest, but I like this one even more! The gameplay has evolved a little bit, with special moves and strengths/weaknesses giving the battles a bit more strategy than they had before. I'm not really a hardcore RPG player, so I wouldn't have wanted them to make things too complicated, but it's enough that it felt like a step up from the first game.Story-wise, I actually found this entry to push things just a bit further. The story takes more dramatic twists and turns I found far less predictable, the characters felt more ""far-out"" and less suburban, and some of the later story moments featuring the antagonist made me laugh out loud more than any one moment from the previous game.If you'd like a not-too-hard, fun little romp that brings back all those warm-fuzzies of Trick or Treating as a kid, you can't do better than either Costume Quest game."
,Recommended,275180,20398932,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,nekobun,"Costume Quest 2 takes its predecessor and blows everything up by several orders of magnitude. More costumes, more characters, more and bigger areas, and new abilities make the second Costume Quest huge, but not -too- huge.Wren and Reynold return, but both their friends from the original Costume Quest are... otherwise occupied shortly after the start of the game. For some reason, the monsters from the first game return to wreak havoc, and it's up to the twins to find help from whomever they can to fix what's gone wrong. Time travel plays a large part in Costume Quest 2, as Reynold & Wren jump from period to period of their little town's history (and future), encountering new friends in each period that fill a rotating third party slot.A few of the original game's costumes return, but only as a reward if you've finished the first Costume Quest (which, by the way, you should). Most everything you can wear this time around is new, save for the previously unusable Candy Corn. Yes, you can be Candy Corn. Yes, it's basically hard mode if you do so, as you're not going to get much more than life advice and inspiration from whomever wears it.As mentioned before, the regions in Costume Quest 2 feel a bit more expansive than those in the first game, and are often sectioned off by ability or interaction sequence requirements. This occasionally leads to feeling a bit lost or concerns you may have missed something, but it's rare that you can't backtrack to pick up something you passed up earlier. In fact, there are several things in each time period that require traveling back to them toward the game's end to retrieve with new costume abilities you've retrieved.Despite the increased cast size, the story in Costume Quest 2 is just as well told as that of its predecessor, if not more so. The stakes feel adequately raised along with the game's other improvements without feeling like a ridiculous leap, and nothing is left dangling once all is said and done. The combat has been streamlined even further, with a few new features added for variety, and the stamps from last time have been replaced by a more useful and inviting collectable card system for buffs.Basically, it's Costume Quest 2, but better. Which is a good thing. Get this. Play this. Candy Corn for lyfe.Granted, they also referenced Blazing Saddles at one point, which may have introduced some bias on my part:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0zjCi_JH7dA"
,Recommended,275180,19624094,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Andre Solo,"Never played the previous one. Very cool, it feels like a cute version of The Stick of Truth"
,Recommended,275180,19679903,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,SpatialAnomaly,"First was fun, entertain with great characters... the second? Even better! One of those games that may go unnoticed which you should really try! Fun, well priced considering the number of hours, puzzles are fun and graphics suits the game perfectly! Look forward to more games of the series!"
76561198089269298,Recommended,275180,19981824,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Clara,"Much shorter gameplay than the first one, but controls and concept are the same. Find candy, make costumes, and save the world."
76561198133196668,Recommended,275180,20129234,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,KirbyFanful12,best game
,Recommended,275180,20598025,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Coalpa,"Simple game and very nice for casual players like myself. Both this game and the first were good in my opinion, but I would recomend the first more than the second. Standard RPG style and I'm not sure why people are complaining about the graphics and small quirks, at least they fixed the bug where you couldn't clip through your team mates and get stuck at the end of the game. I only found one bug in the game and overall I would say that's pretty good. Takes about 5 hours to complete and 7 to get all the little hidden secrets. Add an extra 10 min to get some achievements and you're golden. 9/10, perfect for your run of the mill casual."
,Recommended,275180,14853868,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,My✚hical,"The second installment in the Custome Quest series, brings to life a Halloween adventure that combines classic RPG elements with silly humor and turn-based fighting. Like in the first installment, you journey on an adventure, collecting different costumes while embarking on a fun, enthusiastic ambience.+Fun and charming costumes and abilities+Puzzle-like storyline and missions+Easy Achievements+Trading Cards (Emotes/Backgrounds)-Very simple fighting/exploring mechanisms-Repetitive mechanics to some extentPersonal Ranking:6/10"
,Recommended,275180,18763819,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,-=Bronze=-,"Enjoyed the first one, I played on PSN, and the second one picks right up where it left off. I powered through it in 3 days. Absolutley worth 5$ on sale."
,Recommended,275180,18804379,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Belgarion of Riva,"After completing Costume Quest 1 earlier this year, I was looking forward to playing 2 and grabbed it in the Halloween sale. If you want to know about that one, I suggest you go read my review on it as a lot is similar.Just like the first game, this is a wonderfully quirky game with so many jokes that I was frequently laughing out loud. In particular, the Candy Corn costume always made me giggle, despite reading the joke 50+ times. There was less meta-humour in this one than the first, but it was never boring.The combat is very similar to the first, but improved overall. There is now only a single form of attack (compared to various QTE-styles in the first game), but they've added additional mechanics like countering that add another dimension to combat. They also added 'actor types' which are a basic form of strengths and weaknesses split between 3 classes; it sounds odd, but it's easy to understand and it adds a tactical edge.Like with CQ1, however, I did tend to stick to the first costume you get and swap out the third as I went (the second was always Candy Corn for the achievement), but as the visuals are interesting and the cutscene moves are now skippable, that isn't too big an issue.One issue I should mention is this game was very easy. I only failed perhaps two fights (and one was because of a glitch), but I did do some grinding in places for XP and candy (in-game currency). The boss fights were very straight forward and fit SO MUCH better into the flow of the game compared to the almost puzzle-like ones in CQ1.The story is clever and moves on from the first with just enough nods and references to 1 to induce nostalgia. They would, however, go over the heads of anyone who hasn't played 1, so definitely play that before this. It is a sequel in every sense.This was a fantastic game that kept all the good feelings I had for 1 and added to them, creating its own individual experience that fits beautifully into the Costume Quest universe.Well worth your time, money and laughter."
,Recommended,275180,19015130,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,AvengerKit,An awesome RPG with cute holloween theme style. Hope for more.
,Recommended,275180,20952173,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Ariandel,"If you played and enjoyed the first Costume Quest, then definitely buy Costume Quest 2. It has the same humour, and you pick back up with Reynold and Wren on an entirely new quest, this time to save the future of Halloween.The combat is more interactive than the last game, with each attack, defense, and counter needing a (simple) quick-time event that determines how much damage is done. Creepy Treat Cards are also a new introduction, which take the place of battle stamps but are used during the battle, and have a much larger effect. Some cards heal, others up damage, some block spell-casting, or even give better XP or candy rewards at the end of battle.There are of course still secrets to find, lots of different costumes, and small side-quests. If you haven't played the first Costume Quest, go buy it, play it, and then come back to buy and play this one, they're completely worth it."
,Recommended,275180,20799220,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Baphomet,"Costume Quest 2 places you back in the role of Reynold and Wren in a quest to alter the course of time and unravel the damage done by an evil dentist bent on keeping Halloween candy away from children. There’s definitely more to be said about this game compared to the first, which felt more like a generic RPG with occasional witty humor thrown in.The combat system has been almost completely revamped and feels much more interactive with timings for critical hits, secondary attacks, blocks, and counter-attacks. Replacing battle stamps are special cards, each with their own unique effect, that have a cooldown after use (to encourage swapping cards out no doubt). The costume roulette wheel is back and some costumes also have secondary ‘exploration’ abilities for getting through certain puzzles or shortcuts.Having a more cohesive storyline really helped CQ2 appeal to me much more than its prequel and I felt like the comedic relief wasn’t as forced as before either. Little gags like the useless candy corn costume and items or attacks that sound like traditional RPG fare with a silly twist were a nice touch too. The game itself still takes about the same amount of time a CQ1 (around 7 hours for me) so, depending on your preference, you may want to grab it on sale."
,Recommended,275180,16799082,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,TOG | Optimus BoxCrate,"Brilliant game, but flawed.It's hard to review this without the caveat ""but if you're a kid"".If you're a kid, probably all the design decisions in this game make sense.However, if you're over 7, you're going to feel pretty frustrated at times.I would have no problem recommending this to any of my nephews.But given that a greater part of the audience is older, and it wouldn't've taken much to accomodate that (a difficulty level selector, for starters), it's definitely not without shortcomings.First up, the good:* better than the original - more nuanced battles (once you get further in), better mechanics, the cards are actually fun and exciting to use* great atmosphere - if you like double-fine's style, this is their best ""feel""-wise since Psychonauts, and feels a little similar to grim fandango at points* better use of costumes - this time, only certain costumes can perform certain actions, and the game takes on shades of (albiet very easy) adventure games - which is great* Great humour* Great and innovative level design* fun!!!Now, the annoying:* some random-as cards - ""peanut butter bombs"" is basically a ""win this battle"" card. Really weird.* Bad keyboard choices for PC. Holding WASD direction keys in tandem with 'Q' (required for certain portions of the game) results in stuck keyboard errors on most PS2 keyboards. Not to mention it gets a bit cramped getting your hands in there like that.* Mouse support is bizarre, and terrible. You can either use mouse or keyboard on the menus, but using mouse, for example, on the creepy cards menu results in weird glitchy selection.* Inconsistent keyboard use. Depending on the menu/area of game you're in, 'returning' can either be 'esc', 'q', or space. There is no way around this. Also, regardless of how you've set up your keys, the arrow buttons will be used for certain menu actions.And the bad:* respawning. Monsters respawn when you leave a level/game, meaning you can basically grind for candy, making getting 'all the stuff' not strategic, but basically boring. Certain candy-hit items like letterboxes etc also respawn their candy. This took away from  the game in a big way, including leaving the player without a feeling of progression.* no difficulty selection - the game presents little challenge - which is a shame due to the amount of mechanics thrown into the combat* ridiculously easy end bossTo fix this game they would need to tweak their PC version a little more, throw in a difficulty selection at the start of a game, and basically get rid of the respawning monsters. Then it might actually be worth getting that really cool Creepy card, just to win that final battle.Still, fun."
76561198047324256,Recommended,275180,12710076,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Die Farbe will ich nicht..!,I wonder why they have no 360 Degree Rotation in their Engine .. but anyway also much fun without it .. I like these kind of Games cause they are near  -No Ages- and they give a good alternation to all the cronological now or never Stuff that is mostly in the Media ... All in All Quality is B to A : Tim Schäfer as  good as always: Absolut serious Production... ! So lets go to the fridge ...
76561197980177272,Recommended,275180,15717856,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Fizban316,"Real fun stuff, better than the first.  Great story.  Loved the music.If you've played and enjoyed the first game, I'd recommend you buy it and give it a whirl.Otherwise, just grab it and the first when they're on sale, and you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,275180,15851500,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Shady Boots,"The combat for this game was changed up from the predecessor, which I guess a part of me liked. In this one, timing is the focus more than anything. I'd say it's a lot more of a challenging game than the first one, but still just as fun. The story was pretty cool too, time-travel and all. I'd say 8.5/10 is a decent enough score for this game, although I think it's neither better nor worse than the first."
,Recommended,275180,15732864,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,BeamerBoi,Amazing! I loved it.
76561198028261016,Recommended,275180,16625693,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Amenty Gamer,"I LOVE this game, it is the perfect follow up to the first one. The graphics still look great! The combat is amazing, the achievements are awesome and it is just a great game from start to finish. Liked the first one you will Love this one, If you haven't played the first you May become a bit confused with the story just cause it picks up after the last but not so much so that you would not enjoy the game, just some characters are ""known"" from the other game.Gameplay: 10/10Combat:10/10Story: 9/10(Story only gets a 9 cause I would like the game to be longer, like a JRPG about Halloween kind of longer :D)"
76561198046636147,Recommended,275180,13427674,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Euclidean,"For anyone who enjoyed the first game this will be an excellent purchase. CQ2, like it's predecessor, is a short and easy game. But with good characters, a very charming world and setting and a combat setting that keeps you involved even in the enemies' turn, it is an experience I'd recommend for anyone looking to save Halloween."
,Recommended,275180,12975150,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Vandals,"The story is not as great as the first one but they improved everything else like combat, visuals, etc...  Cool new additions to costumes as well as out of combat actions. If you played the first one and loved it you should definitely try this one.Other things like the map could of been a little more helpful but it did they job. Having to go to the water fountain wasn’t too annoying.Pretty Solid game, especially after all the small patches"
,Recommended,275180,12975641,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Bronsky,"I you liked Costume Quest, you will love this one. It has better script and combar (it's still the weak point of the game, though).Also, who of you haven't dream about visit a dental dystopia, anyway?"
,Recommended,275180,13051384,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,NullifidianNick,"Costume Quest 2 is a ton of fun. It's a lot like the first one, but much more over the top and visually funny. Double Fine really knows how to write comedy, as usual."
,Recommended,275180,12990633,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Dae314,"If you liked CQ1, you'll like CQ2.  It's more of the same which is perfectly fine for fans of this game."
,Recommended,275180,13007698,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,WaffleWolf,"I honestly walked into this game expecting it to be exactly like the first game, and I was pleasantly surprised at how similar if not identical it was. If you're looking for something more than the first game, then you'll be fairly disappointed. Costume Quest 2 is basically Costume Quest 1 but with a couple of tweaks to the battle system and brand new costumes. Buy with that thought in mind.Honestly it's still a super fun game though."
76561198035699093,Recommended,275180,14788784,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Snakz,Yes.
,Recommended,275180,14770444,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,sasuke619675,"As a fan of the first game, I am pleasantly surprised of this so far. Healing system is different, but grows on you after a while. Glad I picked this up."
,Recommended,275180,14044760,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,IdahoJudd,"Costume Quest 2 is lots of family-friendly fun, but isn't quite up to the level of the first. The humor is there, but it's missing that final 'wink at the adults in the room' layer the original had. Still a wonderful way to while a weekend away with the kids."
,Recommended,275180,14075835,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,booklover9138,"Okay, first off, I'm a fan of the first Costume Quest. If you loved Costume Quest, you won't be disappointed with Costume Quest 2! I enjoyed the story line, the cuteness of the costumes, and the creativity and imagination that was behind the special attacks that each costume had. This game gradually got more difficult, but overall it's easy to play. Fun for all ages! :)"
,Recommended,275180,13359241,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,evapunk4,"It was fun, tho it had some minor graphic bugs."
76561197976081787,Recommended,275180,19435343,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,mdwbm,"If you have played the first game then you know exactly what to expect from this game. Just like the first game, if you love the classic turn based RPG's and comical adventures, then you should really enjoy this shorter game.First off, the game continues immediately where the first games DLC ended. Literally starts at that cliffhanger ending. After you have saved Halloween and your friends, you enter a portal to return home but end up coming back a few months earlier. As you start Trick or Treating again you find out about a plot to get rid of the holiday and its costumes. So now you are on a quest to save Halloween again! Unfortunately, the game is really short. It is not too much bigger the the DLC. In my opinion, this would of been a great DLC instead of a sequel.The levels in the game still have that incredibly detailed cartoonish feel. The level of detain in each area is outstanding. However, there are fewer locations and they are not as diverse. The look of the costumes all look much smoother and better detailed in combat. However, the costumes outside of combat do not look as ""horribly made"" as the first game. That was one of my favorite elements to the game. The horrible taped up costumes transforming into these colossal realistic versions.Speaking of costumes, all the costumes you received in the first game are all gone. So you have to acquire a new set. This time around, the costumes are more traditional to the holiday. The superhero and candy corn are back but now there are costumes like ghosts, wolfman, clowns, etc. One of the changes made to this game is that the costumes can be upgraded to make them a bit more powerful.Also changed is the combat. You no longer have different activations for each costume. Everyone has the same attack activation. However, they have assigned a specific button for each character. so the first character has to use button 1 for their moves and the others use button 2 and 3 respectively. From watching the trailer, you see that the combat is changed up a bit as well. You have to hit the button a the precise moment to do more damage. Later on this will be upgraded to give you two attacks. And the block will work that way as well, to include a counter attack. Stamps are gone from the game and cards are now introduced. The cards can be used in battle to give you character a boost or hurt your enemy. But they all have a cool-down timer that is about 3 fights (not rounds).Other than that, the game is exactly like the first game. If you enjoyed the first and the DLC, then you should enjoy this little conclusion to the set."
76561198044972340,Recommended,275180,21847766,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Necropolis,Y'know when the first one came out and I loved it and then they decided to make a second one and OH MAN I LOVE THIS GAME.
76561198084119229,Recommended,275180,21116357,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,darian.jean,"I adore these costume quest games, I played the 1st and 2nd and I replay them fairly often. It’s simple, cute and all around fun."
76561198121439640,Recommended,275180,23194338,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,XxProDonutxX,the last boss is super super hard but its a good game if you like adventure you will like this i say game of the year.
76561198050456468,Recommended,275180,22467120,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,kickball2435,Fun game.
,Recommended,275180,22744814,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,BellPepperB,"This Is a Interesting And A Fun Game ! If You Like Quest , Adventure And Holloween You Should Love This Game I Say Its Fun Im Not A Fan Of Holloween But I Love Adventure ! This Game Is Kinda Strange Becuase You Dont Need A Mouse For It .So Lucky For People Who Don't Have Mice . Who Ever Is Reading This I Hope You Buy This Game Its Fun !"
76561197994551285,Recommended,275180,17716441,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Qazcv,"Great sequel, expands everything about the first game, good fun times. Has one of the best credits i have seen. Played with a smile all the way through. Go for the Hardcorn mode achievment, it's very funny.Candy Corn can't control what the media says about him"
,Recommended,275180,28583813,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,kraut*,"I once saw a Youtuber playing this. It seemed like an interesting RPG to try out. It is a very fun game, but does take some time to get use to the battle system. The graphics are a bit intense effect wise, so you may want to lower them for a lower-end machine. I never finished that game, but I realled liked it for the time I played it."
76561198069108534,Recommended,275180,29136668,Posted: 9 January,all,Hilarity,"Enjoyed this game very much, just a little less than the first one.The card system they implemented is pretty awesome, adds a lot to battle and you can choose which ever ones you prefer.I don't know why but I enjoyed the story and costumes in the prequel, Costume Quest, so much more.If you're debating whether or not to buy this one or the other one, I'd recommend the first one. (This one was shorter and felt a little easier as well)However they're both super cheap when on sale, so you should obviously get them both if you can, still a very cute game."
,Recommended,275180,29419477,Posted: 22 January,all,Joliet Jake,"Once again, a great game by Double Fine!Good and funny story, plenty of puns, cool battle animations, gorgeous art.Maybe compared to the first Costume Quest is a bit more repetitive and the quests are maybe too simple.But it's still a refreshing game compared to same old stuff you can find around..."
76561198117687346,Recommended,275180,29342935,Posted: 18 January,all,jumping_jabberwocks,"I like this game, but not quite as much as the first one.But that's mostly personal taste - I preferred the fantasy-themed monsters and plotlines of the first game over the scifi of the second, and the increased complexity of the battles did nothing for me. The costumes didn't make much of an impression overall, and the constant costume-switching for advancement got annoying, but the hotdog cerberus is my absolute favorite.It's still a good game, with many of the same mechanics and characters as the first."
76561198170429059,Recommended,275180,29793960,Posted: 8 February,all,Alucard257,Excellent game many hours of fun.
