user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,275200,17558120,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Tom,"Westerado: Double Barreled is an open world set in western times, released in April 2015. You take on the role of a gunslinger who is tasked with hunting down his families killer.The way in which you complete this task differs from other games in my view; you have to find clues about the identity of the culprit by completing missions and objectives for locals around the towns. This really adds to the mystery behind the killer. Even the options menu has a screen dedicated to showing you all the clues you have found along with a model of a character showing the clues on, such as a ""fat, blue shirt, medium sized hat"" figure for example.  These clues are all randomly generated each playthrough as well.Another really new feature in Westerado is the that you can draw your gun at anytime, even during a conversion with any NPC, this can sometimes trigger a different set of dialogue, initiate a new quest, or just go completely wrong and end up in a gun fight. This also means you can kill anyone in the story too, no matter how important they are to the plot, anyone can die.The main gameplay is a top down action game, in good old western style, you have your gun which you have to manually reload every six shots, or you can upgrade it to a big ol shotgun. The gunfights can sometimes feel a little bit clunky, but once you get used to the controls and how the game responds to them, it soon becomes clear and easily executed.  Another one of my favorite parts of the game would be the buffalo scenes; riding horse back defending carriages from bandits on a buffalo's, although simple, it is really compelling to play.Westerado has a very clever story, and has all the main plot points that any good western film will have in it. Although you can make the story different each time you play, for instance just killing one of the main quest givers, I am not sure it actually changes the whole outcome of the game, I think all that will happen is you'll just miss out on those quests rather it have an effect on the grand scheme of things.The world in which you play in is huge, it's set out like a very Zelda style map, each tile on the map has four entry points, north, west, south and east. This makes navigating across the map very easy and you can always make your way to where you need to be very quickly. Each of the zones look amazing too; lots of detail has gone into adding plenty of objects, background items and scenery to add to the western feel. Although the graphics are the ever growing popular, pixelated style, it still has a really nice look to it.Length wise, Westerado can be over and done with in less than an hour if you just do the main story, which is actually what I did on my first playthrough. However it is highly recommended that you don't just do that, as you are missing out on tons of content in the side missions, along with loads of story too. There is so much to see in Westerado if you just take the time to explore.Obviously there are no technical problems that I ran into, as this game is actually based on a Flash game, so it will run on anything - only thing is that it runs at 30fps (which you may or may not notice in this type of game).Tom's Score Card1) Stay away2) Only recommended when on sale3) Recommended4) Highly recommended5) This is a must playIf you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over athttp://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/http://store.steampowered.com/app/275200"
,Recommended,275200,15461566,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Kemo,"Westerado: Double Barreled is a top-down, open world Western shooter from Dutch developers Ostrich Banditos. Your family have been brutally murdered and your ranch has been burnt down, there is nothing left for you in this world, apart from revenge. In Westerado: Double Barreled you must complete jobs for people and in return for doing these jobs you'll be given clues about the appearance of the man who you seek to kill, alternatively you can go around shooting every last person in the hopes that one of them is the man you seek.+Gorgeous pixel art style+Reasonably big map which you can explore whenever you want to+Lots of side quests to find and complete all of which have interesting stories to uncover+Captures the feel of the Wild West excellently+The writing is done phonetically for a southern drawl which helps make it feel more real and the writing itself is fantastic+Simple, fun and often intense gunplay+A few different weapons to play around with: Revolver, Rifle, Shotgun, Dual Revolvers and Bolas+Multiple endings+A few characters which can be unlocked+Excellent OST and great sound effects+Several factions/gangs within the game+Poker mini-games+Bounties which can be completed for money+More hats than GabeN could shake a stick at (but seriously there are a lot of hats)+/-The main quest can be completed very quickly though as mentioned there are plenty of side quests to do-The game world is the same every time you play-Areas aren't repopulated after everyone in said area is killed so there's no reason to revisit areas you've already passed through-The amount of money you lose when you die is too high in my opinionVerdict:9An excellent open world Western shooter with gorgeous pixel graphics, a big open world, fantastic writing and intense gunplay. If you're a fan of Westerns then you definitely need to pick this game up!El K."
,Recommended,275200,15411732,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Xzanos,"PROS-Captures theme perfectly-Massive world (3x the browser version)-Reworked since browser version (i.e. less bugs, more options and quests)-Local coop-Open World-Multiple endings-Huge amounts of replayability-Every game adult swim touches is made better somehow (in my opinion)-Good enough variety of weapons (Add dynamite!)-Absolutely amazing graphicsCons-Short (Clocks in at roughly 2hours if you just do the main quest)-Combat while simple might be a bit thin to help hold this game up-Plenty of bugs have been spotted-Same end boss fight/hideout regaurdless of who you are after-Freindly fire in coop with no off button-Static world (each playthrough is the same with the same quests)for 15$ this game is a steal and should be at least something to consider. Even if it is short it is something that can be replayed again and again to try new missions or maybe go for some tough achievements. I highly reccomend this game even though there was a browser version for free. It just doesn't quite match up to what they added for this one.If this game is on sale and you are not getting it I dislike you a little more than I probably should."
,Recommended,275200,16574813,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Uncle Dave,I shot my uncle while he was explaining how the gun worksHe came back as a ghost to finish the tutorial10/10 would kill my last surviving family member again
,Recommended,275200,15792229,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,👻 Morsebid 👻,"Westerado: Double Barreled is a top down, open world shooter where you play as a man who (light spoiler)has his family murdered by a random desperadoin this western world. The thing I love about this game is its open world nature, and your ability to kill anyone at any point. This ads a lot of variety to an already varied world with lots of things to do. You can do bounty quests, kill random people for money, and even play a few(or many) hands of poker. The world is so varied, and has a vast array of side quests. It reminds me of something like Morrowind, where you can kill any character at any time and it can impact your story. To show an example of some variety, I'm going to tell part of my adventure in the next paragraph. It will contain some spoilers, jump ahead to the next paragraph if you wish to avoid themSpoiler WarningI was doing some side quests to try and find more information about my killer. Your killer is randomized, which is one of the cool things about this game. You can't just memorize the details of the killer and do it every time, it will be different each time. Anyway, I'm told by the banker to find the ranchers and get the money he needs to pay off the Oil Tycoon man. So I go to each of them, and I end up slaughtering all of the ranchers. I had no idea what this would do. There are several quests that ask you to get help from the ranchers, or even recruit them. I had to skip these parts, or simply fail the quest because they were already dead. I decided that this was all the Oil Tycoon mans fault, so I decided to pay him a visit after acquiring a rifle. which is in my opinion the best weapon in the game(that I've found). I slaughter his men and him as well, and steal his stash of money. Feeling well rewarded, I return to the bank to find the Bank owner now wants nothing to do with me, I think because I killed the ranchers. This would have went very differently depending on my choices.Spoiler endBased on that story, you can see how many different paths you can take. If you skipped it based on spoilers, just trust me, it is a world were your choice matters. Another great element is the ability to pull out your gun in the middle of any conversation, making dialogue very interesting. Westerado is a great game for those on a budget looking for an open world that rivals any AAA game.Pros:-Strongly woven together open world-Multiple side quests and other things to do-Choices with NPC's matter-Several different hats with different functions-Optional fast travel(works similar to Morrowind)-Guns for different situations-Variety in the environment-Randomized bounty hunter missionsCons:-Main story is very short if you find your killer quickly enough-Some bugs, One of them required me to quit and restart from an earlier autosave-Pixel graphics can occasionally(not often) make it hard to see your bounty target.Wait For A Sale"
76561197972293096,Recommended,275200,15465859,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,wetbadger,"Finally, the wait is over! Red Dead Redemption has come to the PC. It is everything it was hyped up to be. My only complaint is that, after taking so long to make a port, the graphics now look a little dated. In 2010 I actually thought this game looked realistic!"
,Recommended,275200,20100776,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,roa-kun,"This is a ""You make your own adventure"" game with a lot to offer: 4 playable characters, intense fight mechanics, interactive game world, branching plot, side quests, secrets, hidden locations, extra storylines and even a mini-game. But when it comes to it, you and only you are responsible for whether it'll be an epic adventure or a series of swift tense shootouts.The main quest this game gives you every time is to find The Murderer.Who is one, where is one, how does one look - it is all decided randomly.The Murderer is always there, and really, nothing stops you from finding The Murderer literally by the course of ""elimination"". Well, nothing except for a really hot pack of lead coming your way.So, maybe you'll want to have a one game run like this, and then to concentrate on finding the Murderer with help of NPCs in another, and then start anew with an intention to dig the game world deeper in one direction or the other, because you can hear about some interesting stuff from NPCs. Restoring a railroad line? Involving yourself with Indian tribe affairs? Scrap some buck and buy a house? There is a lot of stuff to do and discover, especially if you're not overusing game's fast-travel system.But the pinnacle of this game is gunplay. It's the core mechanic, and developers got it just right.Who would have thought that it can feel so right in a top-down action-adventure game?Unholstering, cocking your gun, pointing, pulling the trigger - everything feels and sounds so good!Even reloading has some soul put into it. For this I recommend that you play the game using a gamepad with the recommended layout.Now, the graphics may not be everyones' cup of tea, but hey, if you're reading this review, it's pretty obvious that you're not afraid of some pixels, right? The palette is really colorful, and locations are as diverse as The Old West can allow.The music is nice, main theme is catchy and not very annoying, which exactly what it needs to be.So, take really high replayability, add cool core mechanic, okay sound and retro visual style and you get  Westerado - a good game with criminally low sales.P.S. For more awesome hidden gems, follow the steamCRIMINALLY Low Salescurator."
,Recommended,275200,15404541,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,DeMexi,"It looks, sounds and feels very fresh. Even just the way you walk around town, it's incredibly soothing. Sure you could run, but when you choose to walk somehow you instantly feel like an absolute badass. Just walking in the prairie, being all tough guy.I just find that to be the most wonderful thing. How carefully must it've been designed to achieve that effect? It payed off. So far I've found playing Westerado to be an incredibly rewarding experience."
,Recommended,275200,15425174,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Pixelpants,"Whether you're a shave tail between hay and grass or you've been through the mill, this hoedown is not one to be missed.Some skeezick done torched your diggings and had your family cash in before their time. It's up to you and your trusty thumb-buster to track the curly wolf down and shoo- er, ki-, I mean, exfluncticate the feller. If being an errand boy feels like barkin' at a knot to you, a few owl hoots might cotton to you if you raise enough sand.I ain't tryin' to talk a donkey's hind leg off, here. Westerado beats painting yer tonsils by a long chalk!"
,Recommended,275200,22611803,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Burn,"The game seems small and depending on the player's actions the main story can be very short (or very long), but overall the size of the game is surprisingly large - dozens of side quests, free-roaming, mini-games, humor and unique gunfights. Its best part is that you can do anything, confront anyone, pull a gun during a conversation, anything, and the game will cleverly adapt.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=605400598http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=672132378Unlocked all achievements!"
76561198071271630,Recommended,275200,16289621,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Mithfayce,"Such a beautiful game, I just played through it for the 20th something time and it was just as amazing as the first time. Play this bloody game even if you don't like the trailer or the looks of it, the feeling itself when playing is way deeper. Besides, if you're unsure wether or not to buy it you can play the flashversion for free. DON'T MISS THIS AMAZING TITLEEDIT: After playing the flash version I think the old character model looked better with the bandana higher up, that's my one complaint."
,Not Recommended,275200,19220461,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,thefeint,"It's a very fun game, when it comes to the sense of freedom, and gunplay. But ALL the fun parts are framed by negatives.If you want to follow one path - i.e. support the Ranchers - you cannot screw up EVER. So when I got to a climactic point, the fact that the Ranchers' AI blew it hard meant that I could not start over, I could not turn coat, and so I could not progress in the only meaningful thing that you CAN progress in, in the game (the quests).So if you screw up a mission, it's easy to lose heart and turn toward a murderous rampage. Which is fun, the first 2 or 3 times. But even the gunfights are surrounded by crap - the hats are your ""life points"", basically. You can either buy hats to refill them, or with skill, shoot them off of enemies and collect them, which would be super satisfying... if they didn't blow away after about 5 seconds of lying on the ground. Contrast this with the money that they drop, that remains even after you wander all around the map. So your skill is rendered useless, unless you do it within 5 seconds of clearing the enemies off a screen.The quest tracking system would be nice, if I could tell the difference between someone giving a quest, and a quest destination. And some of the screens are pretty big (which would normally be a bonus), but there's no way to narrow it down between the potentially dozens of people you might talk to in order to turn something in.Ultimately, this is a game that I WANT to be fun, because I see a ton of potential, but which un-fun keeps crowding and frustrating the fun out of."
76561197966422833,Recommended,275200,31594958,Posted: 6 May,all,DogMeat,"Until Red Dead Redemption comes to PC this is the best Western game I've played on PC!Within the first few minutes of the game your family is murdered and you set out on a quest for revenge. Completing objectives, from gambling, returning a drunk husband to his wife to transporting buffalo and every western style thing in between nets you clues about your families murder. From the color of his belt buckle to whether he was thin or fat, you piece together bits about what he looks like so you can confront him. Or kill every single person if you want until you stumble upon him!The graphics are very old school, taking the style of late 80s early 90s dos games. It reminds me a lot of the animation and graphical style of Delphine Software games like Out of This World. The animation in particular is wonderful. Areas are alive with motion, particularly from animals like birds that take flight as you wander the wild west.Soundtrack is also great, from saloon pianos to wonderfully atmospheric music as you trek the deserts and forrests.One thing though is that the game is not particularly long. My first playthrough took around three and a half hours to avenge the death of mah family. The good news? Game is incredibly replayable. Your family's killer is randomized and there are multiple endings based on your behavior through the game. There are also multiple factions that give you freedom in how you deal with them. For example, the army and indians are in conflict. You may never even approach the situation, side with either group OR find a peaceful solution to the conflict!"
,Recommended,275200,33611520,Posted: 17 July,all,General Kass,"Westerado has quickly become one of my favorite Steam arcade games.The trailer for this game basically tells you everything you need to know. You're a wild west gunslinger who lost your family to a violent and terrible murderer. By playing minigames and completing quests for townsfolk, you unlock pieces of the murderer's description. The neat thing is that the murderer IS different every time. Not only that, but the murderer's motivations are different based on how you play the game and how extensively you explored the world.It's a pretty big world for what the game is. Essentially you have a pair of frontier towns, a Union fort, Indian lands, desert, and an extensive network of underground dungeons. The side quests are all pretty fun in their own right due to a variety in compeletion. Not every quest is a shootout, some are dialouge based, some are travel based, some are item based. It's realy nice how much they've done with such simple mechanics. One of my favorite aspects of Westerado is that it can be completed in anywhere between 5 minutes and 3 hours. There's a ton of stuff to do, but if you just want to capture the murderer you can do that too.What I really really appreciate is that no matter what quest-line you choose, they all lead to the same road. You learn information about the murderer after completing every quest. This means that every side-quest becomes a main quest in that it furthers your overall goal. That is a masterstroke of story telling and, when paired with achievements not only allows players to explore every single opportunity, but encourages it.Combat can be a little confusing at first, but you'll quickly get the hang of it. Every time you start a fight, you have to draw your weapon,♥♥♥♥♥♥your pistol, then fire. Though you'll quickly learn how to shoot enemies and avoid the different kinds of gunfire, the game deploys a few side enemies (scorpions, lassoing enemies, Indians, and coyotes) who mix things up just enough to always keep you on your toes. However, what I love most about the combat is that in any conversation you always have the option of raising your gun, cocking your gun, and firing. That's a simple, but neat idea that I'd love to see in more RPGs.In addition to the gameplay itself, the pixel art here is absolutley stunning. The bright oranges, the rocks, the birds, the coyotes...everything looks fantastic. Though most of the game is isometric, the developers wisely put in a few side-scrolling vistas to show off what they've done with a pallete of 3 shades of yellow and 2 shades of orange. It's seriously impressive and I'm honestly glad I collected trading cards for Westerado because now I have these wonderful background images.My one and only caveat is that this game retails for $14.99. I had a lot of fun with it, but I feel this is more of a $5 game.Adult Swim Games has really pulled it out with this one. In my opinion, this is their best game since Jazzpunk."
76561198030607522,Recommended,275200,15475293,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Cleftal Horizon,"TL;DR: I've never played a game quite like Westerado, a perfect mixture of mystery, oddball humour and gunslinging. Would recommend.If you're anything like me, then you've been looking all your gaming life for a game wherein you can kill anyone, anytime and the game is forced to adapt to your decisions. Westerado: Double Barreled is that game. The game's story is so fluid that attempting to experience all the possible encounters and endings can at times be a bit daunting, not that that's a bad thing, mind. If you wanna try before you buy there's a smaller flash version of the game hosted by Adult Swim you can play in browser for free that gives a pretty good idea of what to expect if you buy the complete version."
,Recommended,275200,32058130,Posted: 30 May,all,wyulf,"a quaint little western. great pixel graphics, and i liked the soundtrack, despite being a tad repetitive, and limited in variations.while westerado is tacked as 'open world', it isnt very big, and as such, nor is it a very long game; each playthrough might net you anywhere between 30-40mins, or all the way up to a few hours, depending on what you want to do and achieve. but that being said, there still is plenty to do, if you are so inclined. a good number of quest strings, some of which become inaccessible the moment you pick a certain path. as such, you'll be playing through the game multiple times, just to see where the different quests might lead you.to spice things up (slightly), you (will, once unlocked) have access to 4 different characters. although they are not all that different in terms of gameplay; just weapon variations, costume, and headgear for the most parts (or lack thereof).a combination of different characters, quests, and your path in the game, will lead to a whole slew of endings though, which is another reason for you to play through it over and over again. and despite doing that, you somehow would still have quite a bit of fun.i only wished that the map was bigger, and there were more random events. but all in all, it's a lot of fun, especially if you like 'open world' action games, with a western motif."
76561198014050970,Recommended,275200,30930103,Posted: 3 April,all,Taco,"Westerado is a fast-paced action adventure game.It's got good game-play, a decent story & good music.It's sad to see how the trailer fail to capture the frantic, fast high-risk high-reward combat & the atmosphere of running around in towns & the desert, trying to find clues about the murderer."
76561198108102278,Recommended,275200,15430344,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,coldgarden,"This game is genuinely fun.  The music is great, the gameplay is crisp, and the battles are fun.  It is engaging, I wanted to keep playing.  This game is one of those rare games in my opinion that is worth it."
76561198135404020,Not Recommended,275200,18282910,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,KingFruit,"I loved the original flash version. It was new and exciting and fresh. When I found out they were going to make a steam version (that costs 14 dollars no less) I bought it in a heart beat. I expected that it would be worth the money. It was okay. The quests were okay, the gameplay is okay, the glitches are bad, but I love the freedom and the ability to kill whatever whenever. You got to pick and choose your journey and that is a huge plus for me. Nevertheless, it was short. I was promised replayability within the fact that a new baddie was randomly generated every game, but it got boring quick. I played it a few times but after a while I got bored with the story and started going on murderous rampages. All in all, it's short and not worth the money."
,Recommended,275200,15847263,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Phanereous Head-Tailed Snake,"While I don't understand the comparison to Red Dead Redemption past the comparison that both games are based in the west, I would recommend this game to anyone enjoys that setting regardless. Nice music, plenty of things to do, people to see (and shoot) and places to go. As many missions have choices or can only be completed if another mission is ignored, the game requires a number of play-throughs to see what each path leads to. Is it worth $15? I think so. If it goes on sale, especially, pick this one up. You'll be done with it pretty quickly, but it's a good time and it's really fun quest for vengence every time."
,Recommended,275200,26135851,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Cupthony Headtano,It's perfection. Absolutely fantastic. This is Red Dead Redemption for PC until Rockstar get a brain. I don't want to spoil anything. Just get it.
,Recommended,275200,16411015,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Conker The Cat,"Its a good game with a lot of replayablity. There are tons of missions, bounty hunting, and exploring the map.The combat is by far the best idea ive ever seen, you are able to reload your bullets one by one if you wish or all at once, it has a decent selection of guns, rifle, shotgun, etc. Also the best part of the game is, during any conversation you can just pul your gun out on them. It gives the player a freedom most dialog choices dont. Get this game, its a gem."
76561198023594143,Recommended,275200,15407710,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,TheArazm,"So..Just beat the game with its ""secret"" bad ending clocking around at 2 hours playtime.This game is great! There is alot to do, and alot of cool achievements to be unlocked. Would have liked a bit more content, but hey. 11 euros are a fitting price, and i don't regret this purchase one bit!Red Dead Redemption meets pixelart would be the best way to explain this game! Bigger maps would be appreciated though..But it gets an 9/10 from here!Worth the price, and could easily be expanded to deserve a 20-30 Euro price tag."
76561197998528153,Recommended,275200,17147688,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,The Honeybadger,"I bought this game on a whim due to the rave reviews, and lord I am glad I did. I don't even like western settings normally, and I still love this game.Imagine a game that allows you to freely roam about, with all the spagetti western feel included. Random jobs and bounties you can take. A random villain each time. Lots of folks to talk to, things to buy and do. I'll flat out say this has become one of my favorite games in the time I've played it."
,Recommended,275200,15407577,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Thrutch,"A truly original western epic that still feels like the classic movies. I normally don't review games, but I feel like this one deserves it.The story may start out as the over-used revenge story, but by the time you finish it feels completely fresh. The tutorial introduces the plot right away (a mysterious bandit burns down your ranch), and the rest of the game is dedicated to your personal vendetta. The mechanic here is interesting, because every playthrough the outfit of said bandit changes, and you are tasked with asking around to learn what he looks like. This is achieved through a multitude of ways, from rumors, to quests, to even blaming everyone until you find him. Seriously, this game takes free-roam to the next level. Even in conversations, you're not only given dialogue different options, you can pull out your gun,♥♥♥♥♥♥it, then fire it if you want. You can also just walk away. These are legitamate options, and the characters will respond appropriately, some will just hand you money when you threaten them or get annoyed if you walk away. Personally, I find this incredibly satisfying.This open endedness extends to everything too. To earn money you can do jobs for people, mug strangers, or even rob the bank. And you don't need a quest or specific button to rob the bank, you just go in, shoot everyone, grab the money, run, and pray to god that the sheriff doesn't find you. The map is pretty massive for such a short story, and there's a ton to do. Every quest has several different ways to go about it, and quite a few of the quests will depend on you not doing another one. For example, you can help free the buffalo for the Indian Camp, but if you do that, you can't help the army fight them.Customization is there, if you're wondering. They have different outfits and hats to buy or pick up all over the map. There's no RPGish skills or anything, but it's not needed. The game depends on the player skill.The music and sound are not only authentic, but match the mood and fit the game perfectly. I would say the same about the art style. It's simple and pixelated, but get's the job done well. Even though the characters are basic and abstract, some of the backgrounds are detailed and gorgeous. The art and sound design fit Westerado well.Now you might be asking if there's anything wrong with this game. I have only one small complaint, soif you need to read any part of this review, here it is.The combat is weak. It's a 2D shooter, and while it fits the game well, it can be a bit clunky and difficult to aim. The depth is unfortunately hard to judge, and several times I found myself shooting right behind enemies. And in a game like this, a few misses will cost you. It's such a small issue though, and the rest of the combat system is quick and satisfying. Also, here's a ton of different guns which brings variety to the mid-game, and improves the combat system.Replayability is also high, with 4 different characters and tons of different options each playthrough.TL;DR: Buy this game, especially while it's on sale."
,Recommended,275200,15489254,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Klystron,"At this point, I have played the game for less than an hour - 35 minutes to be precise - in a single sitting, and I can't say what the rest (hopefully more than an hour?) of the game will be like, but I can honestly say that in those 35 minutes I have had more fun than I have had with 35 minutes of any other game in 2015. Excluding PAYDAY 2, ofc. 10/10."
,Recommended,275200,15466027,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,oughtobe,"*IF YOU HAVEN'T PLAYED THE ORIGINAL FLASH GAME, DON'T, YOU'LL ENJOY THIS GAME WAY MORE.  IF YOU ENJOYED RED DEAD REDEMPTION OR THE WILD WEST THEME IN GENERAL, YOU'LL LOVE THIS GAME, ESPECIALLY IF YOU ARE A FAN OF THE GRAPHICS.""If you played through the flash original game, this is more of a remake/upgrade than a sequel.  It has the same main story and gameplay but it has been much more fleshed out for a game experience.  I wish they would have made a simple multiplayer co-op mode, kinda like Dead Rising, where anyone can just drop into your game.If you enjoyed the flash game like I did and wanted it to be a complete game you will be satisfied.  If you wanted them to take what they did and make a whole new game, sorry, not this time, but hopefully this game is popular enough that they do.Even though I was a little surprised that this was just a remake, I am happy with my purchase, especially since it is on sale, because this really should be $10 normal price.  So hurry up and buy it while its on sale.I really like the open world and open ended feel of the game.  I'm pretty sure you can get into a few dead end situations like the flash game, but maybe they reworked the game so you get a bad ending of sorts when you do something like that.  I kinda wish it notified you that you were removing or canceling missions by your actions but I guess they don't want to reward you for just killing everyone.I'll do a follow up review when I complete the game but since I've already completed the original flash game and I still enjoy this version, I'm sure I'll enjoy this full featured version."
,Recommended,275200,15564719,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Zeor,"For an Adult Swim game, I wasn't expecting such a seriously immersive Old Westy experience. Red Dead Redemption's name was invoked several times when I was briefly scouting around to see if the game was any good, and I can see the comparison in that sense. It does have a way of grabbing you.I do really appreciate this game's extreme open-endedness, and how basically no two games will be alike. Seems a lot like any NPC can die - I was a little surprised to find the Oil Tycoon dead after a skirmish in his office - and there are tons of quests with all manners of outcomes. All the quests are there to give you information to go after that one true goal, though: Get the Bad Guy. For that reason, when I Got the Bad Guy for the first time, I had quite a few open quests that didn't seem to be going anywhere, some that didn't even appear to still have objectives. That was kind of unsatisfying, but I guess it makes sense that this amount of open-endedness won't button up all neatly at the end like RDR. Fair enough.Getting Bad Guy took me right around five hours, and I'm a slow-paced player prone to spending significant periods of time just hanging around and looking cool. But I'm sure there's a lot more content to be explored, so I'll have to give it another shot.The gameplay itself isn't really anything special, but it's not bad either. My major frustrations came around with those damn scorpions in and around the desert, and a really annoying endgame. It's pretty neat how your gun controls stay the same during conversations. The weapons are fairly satisfying. Really not much to argue about, but also not really the game's focus.Do I recommend it? Sure, but I have to admit the endgame payoff didn't seem like much compared to the trip. I got it on a sale, and I might recommend that, but really I don't think it'll steer you wrong. It's an experience."
76561198154337088,Recommended,275200,31739008,Posted: 13 May,all,RedFive,"This game was a ton of fun, enjoyed it all the way through. Replay value is excellent, as you can go back and try as different characters, or try different objectives to get to the end. Plus, you can go around and shoot everyone, and isn't that the fun in western games?"
,Recommended,275200,32328614,Posted: 10 June,all,Frolgath,"I nearly missed out on this game because it is almost Impossible to configure a PS4 controller - pressing R2 skips over the other button entries.  Pretty basic functionality that I can't believe wasn't tested.  Fortunately Steam wouldn't let me write this review until I had played for 5 minutes, so I spent 4 minutes trying to configure the controller, and suceeded at the last minute!Once you get your controller to work, the game is really good.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,275200,15550183,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Dr. Orgasmo,"I pulled a gun on every single person I sawRating: 10/10 - Hold it right there, empty bottle..."
,Not Recommended,275200,20222167,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"I've tried several times to get into this, and I just can't.WhileWesterado: Double Barreledhas some absolutely beautiful artwork and quite appropriate music and sounds, it suffers from fairly awkward gameplay and being overly simple.The concept on paper is pretty good - a small western sandbox game with a bite-sized storyline and side quests. The dialogue is pretty meh, and the controls feel awkward (for some reason I cannot quite put my finger on; more on this in the 'Cons' below).Pros:+Beautiful artwork and animations.+Music and sounds are appropriate for this genre, albeit fairly generic.+Local co-op is a nice touch.Cons:-My biggest problem with the awkward controls is the shooting mechanic- because the camera view is both sort of top-downandside scrolling. You have to line your gun up with the enemy, and not so much your body, which for some reason throws my brain for a loop with this game. Its weird.-Honestly, this feels like something that would be free on some free flash website (it may have been, in fact). Other than the beautiful artwork, nothing really merits the fairly high price tag. The gameplay is very simplistic, which IMO seems to be the trend withAdult Swim Games(in fact, I will mostly be avoiding titles from them in the future).-This genre is beat. As far as the 'western' genre, this game is as stock as it gets. I'm not saying we need to add zombies or anything, but I need something to give it its own character or personality.-Sandbox is very small - I've seen almost 100% of it in about an hour.In conclusion, its cute and certainly has great artwork - but the core gameplay is too simplistic and has moderately awkward controls due to the side-scrolling/top down conundrum.I get why some people have love for this, but I also don't see them getting that many hours out of it to merit the price tag (average looks to be about 2.5 hours, and I mean its a fifteen dollar game). I'd watch some LetsPlays to really get a feel if this is for you, before diving in."
,Recommended,275200,31224100,Posted: 18 April,all,"Comics fan , gamer , slight weeb","Westerado: Double Barelled is a western game that is partially like a tribute to the western Clint Eastwood movies. The story is pretty straight-forward - your family is killed and you are searching for vengeance. You will meet Ranchers , you will fight Bandits , you will shoot , kill , ride horses through deserts and chase buffalos. Everything about this game is so cool and fitting the atmosphere - the beautiful 8-bit art style , the catchy soundtrack , the environments , etc. Though I would not reccomend the game at its full price because it is very short to complete I do say it's worth getting it on a discount. There is a nice amount of areas to explore and quite a few side-quests that you can do (helping the ranchers , police , dealing with indians , etc). The devs have said that every single run is different because the killer is different every time. A must-have for indie gamers 8/10"
76561198014587308,Recommended,275200,33715141,Posted: 22 July,all,gadeel,It's a bit short and I managed to get through it at least twice in just a few hours.Still fun and I would tip all three of my hats to this.
,Recommended,275200,15408824,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Meeko. No chat...,"A little on the easy side, but good gameplay, graphics, and music."
,Recommended,275200,19340063,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Hunter,"Definitely recommend this one to anyone with any interest in Western setting, there are many endings which are generated based on the quests that you complete. Shooting seemed a bit weird at first given that you'd have to♥♥♥♥♥♥the gun and then shoot each time, and when the barrels empty you got to reload the entire thing 1 bullet at a time. Unless you are using a tomahawk, in which case there is no need to reload. Lives are measured in hats, there's a reserve of 3 and everytime you get shot once 1 hat flies off and you'd pull 1 out of your jacket. You can get other hats of different designs and 1 particular hat which has an additional function of lighting the area around it, which is useful in dark areas in mines.One notable feature of this game is that no matter how important an NPC might seem he can  be killed and it looks like the story adapts to this change. Pulling a gun during conversations leads to some varied outcomes at times which is nice."
,Recommended,275200,15405828,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,(YouTube)Dragnix,"It's a good little action game that focuses a bit on story and open world progression. While combat isn't exactly the most stellar part of the title, it does a good job of setting up a open-ended narriative of you going after a certain villian, and the world that's constructed around it feels very alive and unique. The graphics do a reasonable job while still being able to depict the action in question, and honestly the game feels like a solid game that focuses on the western setting.+:- Good Style, Good atmosphere.-The idea of the game changing and a random element to it is welcome. You end up really getting invested in finding your families murderer.-Story based narriative works well.-Hat mechanic is pretty cool, and was a nice surprise.-:-Action sections are pretty basic. Not a lot of action to work off of.-Can seemingly become ""samey"" over time.For More Information and Gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YXg_Apd2bCc"
,Recommended,275200,15819078,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,[a*a] gnSlinger,"""Do you recommend this game? Y/N"" This is a hard question to answer. I'm still on the first part of the game and I've had a blast with it. I love the randomized elements, the quirky sense of humor, and the mechanics (mostly). Buuuut... Well, you get to the last boss fight and it's this long slog that's pretty easy to get the hang of and serves only to wear down your health so that the super cheap final fight can finish you off quickly. And every time you die you go right back to the beginning of the boss dungeon. You can breeze past this stuff quickly once you've figured it out, but it's freaking tedious to do so.Honestly, cheap boss design really marrs this otherwise awesome game."
,Recommended,275200,30932129,Posted: 3 April,all,PaulW30,This game used very cool mechanics and ideas to make a diffrent story every time and you can shift the story in any way you wish. I highely reccomend this game.
,Recommended,275200,32004802,Posted: 27 May,all,Dude13,"Westerado: Double Barreled is a fun (But somewhat challenging) 2D shooting game with a very interesting premise and fun mechanics. It has a large replay value (The culprit is someone different each game) and each game is fun. There is a few different playable characters and 4 weapons (Revolver, Dual Revolvers, Shotgun (My favorite), and rifle) each with their own mechanics and traits. The other thing to know about this game is that NO ONE talks... but there are text boxes and there is music. And what music!!! Serious props to the music writers/performers... the music for this game is some of the best ""Western Style"" music I've ever heard.I would recommend having a keyboard with a number pad as the default control scheme is a bit to close together (For my tastes) so i set the draw, fire, sprint, and reload to the numbers 4, 5, 1, and 6 respectively.One of the few bad things about this game is the quest tracking/journal... It's completely broken. You can get by, by you have to write everything down on an actual piece of paper (Or memorize it) to actually know where to go. The only other complaint is that there is no music DLC (I'd buy it in a heartbeat)I got the game on sale, and I think it's a bit overpriced, but I don't think I would have been to mad/sad if i'd gotten it for full price.Verdict: 8.5/10TL; DR A good game - get it if it's on sale... and at least think about getting it if it's not"
76561198106444148,Recommended,275200,15500346,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Dinfire,"Rather listen than read? Watch our review here on Steam Punks:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wdZT8LH22n4We’ve seen our fair share of pixelated adventures, but none that honour its source material quite as well as Westerado: Double Barreled. Developer Ostrich Banditos has refined their free online game into a fully-featured spaghetti western. Is it an indie title worth saddling up for, or should you stay out of the desert heat?The game’s plot is set up quickly; a murderer burns down your ranch and kills your family almost as fast as you’re introduced to them. Of course it’s up to you to identify the mysterious killer and avenge your fallen kin. It seems the locals have their own issues as well, and can tell you about your notorious antagonist’s appearance in exchange for whatever help you choose to give them. Overall the story isn’t terribly interesting, but witty character dialogue helps carry the narrative along nicely.Players will spend a great deal of time interacting with townsfolk who reward you with hints and tips. Your choice of what to say in these conversations is abundant. While a lot of these will only alter simple lines of dialogue, it’s often used effectively as avenues to find and complete new missions. People trade a piece of information on the villain’s appearance for a completed mission, meaning once you’ve helped enough characters you can set out to find the murderer without finishing your entire itinerary. Story progress actually depends upon not completing every quest you come across, as progress in some tasks may impede you in others. A rancher friend may want to rally farmers together for a franchise, but that could be difficult if you just finished killing half of them to release their buffalo for an Indian chief. The sort of fail state handling in missions like this is extraordinarily unique, putting a fresh spin on the quest-collecting adventure. Your choices will dictate your overall experience from beginning to end, each decision bearing permanent consequence. If you decided it was easier to kill the pony express driver than it was to pay him, don’t expect to see him for the rest of your play through. Ultimately you can navigate around your failed missions and complete whatever is still possible in order to collect clues, but this level of gravity to your choices and failures feels real in a way that is rarely seen in games.It’s up to each player to decide how they want to get from one end of the game to the other, who to help and who to harm, and overall what kind of hero they want to be. Because of this, Westerado holds excessive replay-ability after your first run of the relatively short story is over. Though most will be able to complete the main story in about 4 or 5 hours, this is leaving many quests unsolved. The game’s length becomes much longer for those who want to replay and see different paths, and you’ll likely want to do this to experience the game’s fascinating attention to detail rather than for any character’s sake. While the locals make for some funny conversation, the writing isn’t nearly as impressive as the carefully structured space out here in the desert.Quest givers are placed in thoughtful locations; you’ll often finish one mission to immediately discover two more. There is the occasional fetch quest, but most tasks feel deeper than that, having you actively take part in the locals’ problems through various mixes of exploration, action, and speech. There are a handful of different weapons to choose, from dual pistols to shotguns and rifles. Each have distinct capabilities and optimal situations to be used in. Money is tight, so the addition of the shooting range to find which gun suits your preference is appreciated. Something quickly noticeable in the gunplay is the restriction from shooting up or down; characters can only fire left to right. While this seems limiting at first, it actually makes for entertaining cinematic 16 – bit shootouts as black bars enclose the screen during your conflicts to emphasize the showdown.The atmosphere the game goes so far to create is done with expert care. The pixel art has been masterfully crafted; the environments are a beauty to marvel, and character models convey a surprising level of detail for their simplicity. Accompanying songs are magnificent but few, with live recorded instruments helping to carry your adventure along. Each song is excellently chosen for their attached location, but the main over-world theme may start to drone on during extended sittings. Nearly every western set piece imaginable is present; you’ll visit the sheriff to get the news on outlaws, the pony express to make a delivery, and maybe even the nearby saloon to take a load off and play some poker.It might be a short trip, Westerado: Double Barreled is a must-have for indie lovers. It’s an experience that handles atmosphere, decision-making, and comedic narrative better than most big-budget releases. It’s definitely worth ponying up for this adventure.SCORE: 8.5"
76561198136290270,Recommended,275200,33632562,Posted: 18 July,all,Reganoid99,"You can go down questline A, you can go down questline B, you can go down questline C, or just leave rivers and rivers of blood in your wake as you shoot anything and everything that moves."
,Recommended,275200,30508989,Posted: 14 March,all,Chapel,"Im confused as to why this isn't popular. The game uses a realy cool mechanic of having the murderer be different every time, so you cant just remember what he looks like and kill him on the second playthrough. Here is another game where your choices matter, and you can get a ton of different endings. Every time you play through, you find different secrets, and just feel really cool. The soundtrack is incredible.A must-buy."
76561198147140160,Recommended,275200,15513070,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Player_1,"Westerado is most definitely a fun game, but it's far from being perfect.You live in the West with your mother and older brother. One day, a buffalo escapes from your family ranch. You decide to go after it to catch and bring it back, but at return, you see the ranch burning down, your mother dead and your brother as good as dead. He makes you swear for revenge after he asks you to put him out of his misery. With nowhere to stay, you meet up with your uncle.And now you do whatever you want.Obviously, this is a tale of reveange and of the wild old west, so you are free to do as you please. The game is structured after missions you can get from different NPCs which can be morally ambiguous, so technically you can become a hero, a renegade or a neutral mercenary, which is a freedom I always welcome, but the goal of the game is set on taking reveange on whoever did what they did to your family, and each mission completed will give you money and a hint on how that son of a b*tch looks like. Slowly you'll puzzle together their appearance, and exact your vengeance on them. Each playthrough the culprit takes on a new appearance, allowing for multiple playthroughs, along with unlockable characters, which all come with a different weapon besides the revolver.The graphics try to invoke a classic charm, and most of the time succeed, but at points I couldn't help but think they were just ugly and messy. Personally, I really enjoyed the shooting animation. The way the gun powder disperses into the air looks amazingly detailed, and the line in which your bullet travels appears briefly but long enough to have an idea were you are shooting at and how much you need to adjust. Since the combat here is hectic and, surprisingly, very tactical, I appreciate this game design choice as it is fast and intuitive, whereas maybe the absence of the limitation of the horizontal fighting lock would have lead to a lot of frustration.Yes, to fight it out here you get somewhat locked into a horizontal combat. Let me try to explain: you can only shoot in a straight line exactly 90° to the left or right. Your enemies naturally share this same condition. Add to this a health system that counts your ""lifes"" as ""hats"" (you have up to three), and for each time you are hit, you lose one hat. And let me tell you, the population of the West has an humerous obsession with hats. Genre savvy as they are, they know that nobody should get into a fight without a hat, because once you are out of them, you lose half your money, all your bought weapons and restart at your uncle's. This is why I said that the combat in Westerado is tactical, positioning yourself is of uttermost importance: you need to get out of the line of enemy fire, and yet, you need to stay enough in front of them to be able to hit them with a straight shot. To encourage this engagement, each headshot you manage to hit doesn't kill your enemy, but makes him lose his hat that you can pick up to ""regenerate"" your hats. They can than either surrender to you or resume to shoot at you. It is a small detail but very intriguing, even more so because if you decide to play bounty hunter, you will need to deliver some bounties alive to the sheriff, so in other words your gunslining skills need to be good enough to land a perfect headshot if you want to deliver your outlaws alive.Similarly, starting a ruckus in a town may make you unpopular to the point of making the townspeople try to get rid of you. Or you might kill enough people to make you feared among bandits, to the point of them starting to avoid conflict with you. It is those reactions that make the game so entertaining to replay in a different way than before, out of curiosity.The open-world concept is awesome for a 2D game -- but the world feels too small. I managed to complete 150% of the map, that is, all the overworld plus the underground mines, on the very first day I played. And it just happened out of curiosity, I wasn't even aiming at discovering the whole map! There needed to be a lot more space to explore, it really just feels too small.I also missed some more interactive actions, as scavenging from corpses, item management or upgrades of any sort. I think in that aspect, Westerado could have taken some inspiration from the Fallout series. On the other hand, being able to threaten ANY NPC with my gun during conversation really fleshes out the Wild West experience. It may sometimes even be necessary, and the very first mission of the game teaches this smoothly.It is a good game, but too small of a world, too short of a story and has ultimately too little to offer to spend longer than two or three days playing it. Which is not enough return for the price of it. I like this game, in fact, I like it a lot, but it could have been so much more. It feels like a game of wasted potential, but I'd still recommend it on sale as a game for in between those days you got nothing to do and are too lazy to start/continue that long quest of your actual favorite game."
,Recommended,275200,24949716,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,PixelGrotto,"This is really an impressive little game. First of all, it's probably one of the few pixel indies I've played that could actually be called ""open world."" Secondly, it's not open world in the Ubisoft sense where you run around collecting junk to check off markers on a map - it's actually got divergent paths that can make playthroughs radically different.For example, on my first playthrough:* I didn't really know what I was doing and accidentally shot the gun store owner.* Since I was now barred from buying new weapons, all the bandits in the desert kicked my♥♥♥♥♥and kept me from exploring more than 50% of the map.* I totally botched a raid on the oil tycoon's house because my firepower wasn't good enough.* I tried to get with this lady in a red dress who seemed interested in me, but because I had shot a bunch of guys at the oil tycoon's crib, they kept coming at me for revenge when I neared the premises. Thus, I wasn't able to talk to the red lady in that particular location and complete the quest line.* Despite all this, I still managed to beat the game thanks to the train conductor, who gave me info on the guy who burned down my ranch after I bribed the thugs who had set up shop on the rail tracks.On my second playthrough:* Instead of shooting the gun store owner, I carefully purchased a fine pair of dual wielding pistols.* Blessed with double the gunpowder, I mowed down all those bandits preventing me from exploring the mines.* I successfully brokered peace between the Native Americans and the white folks, thanks to the fact that I could now make it through the mines to explore the forest on the other side of the map.* I cleared the train tracks again and reunited with my sister, who came to visit me from the big city! Together we helped fix a town's water supply.* I was able to complete the quest line with the lady in the red dress, but because I had killed so many dudes in the desert with my two pistols, she said I was too violent and she had really just been using me for sex. I got mad and shot her.* I still botched the raid on the oil tycoon's house, and he ended up killing all of my fellow rancher friends, but I got revenge this time and blasted him away in his office once I'd dispatched the goons at the front door.* Finally, when I reached the end boss, he revealed that the aforementioned fellow ranchers had *gasp* actually been setting me up the whole time, and had hired him to burn down my family's ranch to lessen the competition!There's still enough stuff left in Westerado to make third and fourth playthroughs worth my while. I've unlocked the ability to play as my sister and brother and I want to try allying WITH the oil tycoon instead of unsuccessfully raiding his house over and over again. So yah, this game is impressive! I think it's actually made me like Western settings more. Check it out if your favorite movie is The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, or at least try the free Adult Swim browser version."
76561198171763594,Recommended,275200,28845136,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Anonymous,"HOOOOOOLEEEEEE CRAP! At first when I saw this on the market, I was kinda like ""meh, It looks pretty good"" but then after playing a bit of it, I was completely hooked! The amazing storyline, the controls an mechanics, and the way you could shape the story depending on waht you did! 10/10 we need an actual westerado movie or a sequel!"
,Recommended,275200,31464139,Posted: 30 April,all,HasarD,Wow. Who would have thought the game's content was so big.I tried the flash version on adult swim and wondered for awhile why it was 15€.The game is really good. It's full of surprise and the devs really put some thoughts into the player's actions.
76561197970901170,Recommended,275200,27609999,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Remember Politeness,"If you don't pay too much for it, this game really shines for its nostalgia and humor. Worth playing a couple times for its short length, like a mini-RPG."
,Recommended,275200,32891130,Posted: 27 June,all,Pastor of Muppets,"Great game, nice concept of building your suspect's figure as you do quests, you could've seen him on your way to catching him without even knowing it was him"
,Recommended,275200,33422065,Posted: 9 July,all,(_(_)Hauptsturmfuhrer,More hats than Team Fortress 2.
76561198035303629,Recommended,275200,15450976,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,ooktar,"I played the original version on Adult Swim's website and when I heard they were remaking it into a much larger game I was stoked.I was incredibly surprised at just how big this game actually is. For a game based on a small flash game, there is an incredible amount of stuff to do and find in this game. Tons of sidequests, some with multiple ways to solve them. Lots of written dialogue with a decent storyline. All sorts of memorable characters. Fairly Simple yet fun combat. I've put about 8 hours into it so far and beat the main story, but still didn't touch all the sidequests or discover all the collectables.This is an awesome, unique adventure game that I would highly recommend to anyone looking for something a little different."
,Recommended,275200,15452826,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Manky Crack,"Fantastic little game, an enjoyable and reasonably thorough play through will last around 2 hours, be sure to play poker! Reminded me of games from my Amiga days, I'm sure there's plenty I haven't done too! Fair bit of replay value here too, great value for money."
,Recommended,275200,15451813,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Nimmy,"Was definitely skeptical of the quality of game upon purchasing, especially considering the style of the game and left to right (only) shooting - but I had a lot of fun. Went on a massive battle to kill the murderer, then after he was dead I killed everyone else. I would prefer it if perhaps the NPC's would like say, ""holster your gun"" or something after you accidentally fire a shot. A town being mad at you after you fire a bullet by mistake isn't exactly great.That being said every time I entered the saloon that same damned piano player was playing the same music, and - upon shooting him he falls onto the keys in a bloody mess and the music stops....... for good.10/10"
,Recommended,275200,16610198,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Pumpkin Pete,"Westerado is the kind of game you can play for a couple of hours and complete the story, or invest hours in exploring the different plot trees and strange results you can create from drawing your gun on the right people. The gun mechanics are simple but addicting; I never got bored of blasting away cowboys."
,Recommended,275200,32294524,Posted: 9 June,all,FacepalmRunner,The developers did put a lot of effort in it. It's a small but rich game. Recommend!
,Recommended,275200,15412396,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Coverop,Adult Swim Games	did not disappoint me.This game is incredible beautiful!
,Recommended,275200,21293811,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Sherry Khanny,"The amount of free choice and the consequences of your actions are incredible in this game, I love it! :) I do highly recommend it."
76561198254887068,Recommended,275200,20242737,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,geicoinsuraance,"The sherrif was supposed to help me kill the bandits trying to rob the stage coach. Instead he rode with them and personally shoot off two of my widebrims. MoF***Ker. As soon as we got back to Santa Ana I killed that p o s. Now im banging his wife at her cabin, she doesn't even know he is dead. The rat ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ oil tycoon gave me some b s clue about my families killer. I killed his♥♥♥♥♥too. Why do i need these kind of people in my life?"
76561198017165915,Recommended,275200,31248347,Posted: 19 April,all,Alientcp,"It has been in my whishlist for a while. I got this game really really cheap. Its not too long, but its replayable.I can list a lots of pros and cons about it, but there is only one important thing in gaming. Having fun. I had a lot of fun. Period."
76561198032412889,Recommended,275200,33109898,Posted: 1 July,all,ZarPof,"Wow, what a jem.A retro looking western.  Think the original Zelda but with six shooters and much faster pace.  I got this on sale.  Is it worth the full 15$?  Maybe, but if you ever see it on sale, don't hesitate if you like westerns, retro games, humor, and action.There is action and humor in a do what ever you want world.  There are dozens of quests and you can do them at your lesiure, or not.  Your choice.  Become a law abiding citizen, a six-shooting rough and tubmle merc, or even a desperado that guns down anyone he wants.It also randomizes the main enemy/wanted poster villians so you can actually talk to your arch enemy the entire game and not even know it.(ps it is controller enabled, it is so rewarding to squeeze the trigger and shoot my six shooter)"
76561198156076244,Recommended,275200,21757630,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Toa2,"After many hours exploring the retro wastelands, and more than a few internet forums, I'm finally convinced I've extricated every last secret, mystery, and result this game has to offer. And I must say, it's an enormous amount.Westerado is an eight-bit RPG set in the Wild West. Or rather, a version of the Wild West built out of the most delightfully hilarious stereotypes and Spaghetti Western tropes imaginable. Make no mistake, this is a world of intensive depth, which will require many hours of exploration to see all of, despite any initial appearances to the contrary. From the scorchingly bright deserts, to the cool and gentle forests and the dingy underground, this world breathes life from every pixel. Long after you believe you've found everything the game has to offer, you'll stumble on some new quest or hidden grotto. It's helped in no small part by an utterly perfect soundtrack, which encapselates every dramtically cliched aspect of the Wild West one could hope for.The gameplay is exceptionally original, clever and intuitive. From the use of your favourite hard-wearing hats as a set of lives (Don't get too attached now!) to the simple and brilliantly intuitive gunplay, which will keep you coming back time after time. In the new 'Double Barreled' steam version, there is also a larger plethora of weapons to choose from. The experience is delivered through a main quest, dealing with hunting down the man who killed your family, countless side quests of varying complexity and length, and two world-spanning questlines. (The Army versus the Indians and the Ranchers versus the Oil Tycoon) In addition, there are various rewarding side activities, like bounty-hunting and poker. Red Dead Redemption comes readily to mind, though this is a far more humorous experience.The ending is deeply satisfying and well-executed, maintaining the game's balance of humour and surprisingly investing drama. It must be said that it's sole flaw is it's difficulty. While Westerado is intended to be as unforgiving as the old-school titles it imitates, there are times at which it becomes a bit absurd, and simply counter-productive.Most notably, the game's lack of save feauture means that the player can pour a dozen hours into completing nearly everything, only to accidentally♥♥♥♥♥♥one's gun in the wrong place and turn key story-characters permenantly aggressive, thus making it impossible to finish certain quests that time around. It would be rather nice to make the system a little kinder to minor mistakes like this, perhaps with a warning system of some kind when dealing with the most key characters.In closing, Westerado is a startlingly deep, witty and timeless experience, which any fan of related genres is likely to find highly rewarding. With the above caveat as a warning, I recommend it highly."
,Recommended,275200,31246173,Posted: 19 April,all,Grizzles,"Hillarious, action packed, and just plain fun.The game isn't too long (it took me only a few hours to beat) but was still quite enjoyable. Has a pretty engaging story for what it is, presents a good challenge that isn't too frustrating and has a great western theme. Not only that, but this game actually has a pretty funny/interesting easter eggs (go on a civilian killing spree to find one and have a real challenge).The gun play is quite smooth and the controls are good. The game is very responsive and has a great sound track. The gameplay is mostly running around dodging bullets and shooting at bandits, basically what you would expect in a western/cowboy game.The story is a sort of mystery/whuodunit type thing that changes after each play through. The game is open world, which is very nice. You are free to go as you please, as long as you can blast your way through if need be. Also be careful, as dead people stay dead! Don't kill the shop keeper if you want to keep shopping. As you progress, you unlock new clues as to the appearance of who the killer is. It makes it exciting to get to each chapter as you keep a lookout for the culprit.With all that said, I do think this game is a little expensive. I personally only plated through once and a bit and spent the rest of the time running around on a rampage, which was still satisfying. Unless you think you can get through multiple times without getting bored, wait until its on sale. At the time im writing this, its at 80% off, which at that point I think it's a must buy. At 50% off I'd still recommend. For what it is, I'd put this game in the range of 8/10."
76561198017478989,Recommended,275200,27242696,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sturmgeweiht,"This game is simply amazing.It offers you a revenge story that you can tackle in numerous ways. Like finding out details about the mysterious murderer of your family by helping other folks, siding with different parties in a battle between Indians and settlers or just killing everyone who is around.Seriously, you can run around and gun down every person without any knowledge about the murderer's true identity until you by chance hit the right one.One playthrough takes about half an hour if you know your way around but the replay value is great. Jobs have different outcomes, the interaction with NPCs is fun and the overall story is humerous and perfectly fits the Western setting.Highly recommended!"
76561198165888349,Recommended,275200,31246876,Posted: 19 April,all,bassboyyy,"Amazing dialogue, characters, quests, and outcomes. The simplest move can change the whole game. Very fun and lots of choices. You could be the likeable guy who does all the quests, or the guy who kills everyone until he gets the murderer. either way, great game and highly recommended. My only con, controls are akward and unchangeable (I think)."
,Recommended,275200,34910643,Posted: 12 September,all,DorianRaker,"I tend to be a little wary of pixel-heavy retro-games. Maybe it's a personal failing or a product of my misspent youth blowing into NES cartridges.Whatever, the case, I'm glad I picked up Westerado on a whim. It's a funny, irreverant, and clenched-teeth tense love-letter to the spaghetti western with tight controls and as open a world as I've ever seen in a retro-not-quite-rpg. Your choices matter, and I'm about to run through it all over again.Pick it up. You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,275200,16276417,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Achilles of Jazz,"I assure you, this game is a ""MUST"" play! The overwhelmingly great plot shot me right in the chest and decisions I made in the game struck into my heart. Story rich, addictive and fun. It made us players felt like we really have a gun in our hands, a cowboy hat on our head, the abilities to change possibly everything! Its a great game and deserve a ♥♥♥♥ing nobel prize for videogames in indie genre. I bet I don't have to mentioned how the graphics moved me, its originality and all. And I've seen that they put so much effort to such little details, making pixel video games is already such a detailed work, they added elements that made the game so alive! Please, consider that this game is priceless. Now er..for the cons of the game. Not completely flawless, there are bugs here and there due to the story line that has so many consequences to one decision made by the player to another, seems tangled perhaps, but though there were flaws that comes in bugs nor some of the scriptings that caused the bugs, this game, I'd forgot that the bugs ever cause enough trouble to quit playing over and over again. I'd give it a 8.9/10, a good rating from an honest lad like me :)"
76561198118795195,Recommended,275200,15431214,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Finnzoid,Great fun i would say the same as other people!!only one thing i would love to see:Different stories for different charactersFor example the brother character should have the story before the attack.
76561197971572930,Recommended,275200,31216752,Posted: 18 April,all,Rag1ng L0bster,"1. Good music!2. Character lines will make you laugh!3. Gunfights are kinda challenging! :)Fun little Retro-Action-RPG!Bought it in sale. 2,99 € Great price for this game!"
76574196928248162,Recommended,275200,19469280,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,scissorfuckcentipete,"great little openworld westerngame with alotta freedom. Would have loved some rpg elements and stuff like night/day shift bonfires, mining, fishing, duels, weather etc and such but ye you gonna make that in the sequel :D"
,Recommended,275200,15474656,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Captain Luaco,"There are 3 kinds of suns on this side of the west, sunshines, sunflowers, and sons-of-♥♥♥♥♥es (10/10)"
,Not Recommended,275200,22272469,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Sydney's World,"The good reviews here on Steam convinced me to give Westerado a try. I really liked it at first, I felt like I was a part of this little retro Western world. After about an hour though, I found myself bored. Some of the missions were pretty good, but most were fetch/go here/do that without much in the way of payoff.The biggest beef I have is the acutal gunfighting. Unless you're right near someone blowing them away, the controls are too awkward: you can only fire in the exact position you are facing, no gun rotation/diagonal shot (even Outlaw on Atari 2600 had diagonal shot!) Gunfights not fun? That's a deal breaker for this kind of game.Although I liked the map art, I despised the character dialog interaction art: just a pixel blob bobbing around. Whatever sense of story the game may have had lost me with this; I don't give a damn about a pixel block without even a face. How can you develop empathy with a block?I wanted to like this game, but I just couldn't."
76561197970546532,Recommended,275200,15501132,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,stu.murton,"Great little game, very polished, reminded me of the my C64 days. A Surprising amount of depth to it too with some great touches and excellent gun mechanics ♥♥♥♥♥♥and then shoot adds some skill imo).An RPG for western lovers and it can be completed in  3-5 hrs depending on how you play it.I loved it.Also it's worth buying for the music alone, superb soundtrack."
76561198063545962,Recommended,275200,20305427,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,biffchicken,"What a great little game! Great storyline, great simple gameplay. Can be played many times through, as there are several different paths/missions to follow. Brings me back to the good ol' 8bit days. Very well made, and would recommend this game highly."
76561198043434119,Recommended,275200,15467039,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,RockerRollerOutOfController,"In a game about hunting down a fugitive that wronged you, you can't do justice without having any sense of fashion!I load up with hot pink hats, coat, pants and a white shirt+black tie.Next I grab a Shotgun and a Rifle, and Im ready to rock!I look at my current clues. All I know is he has a 10 gallon hat, he's fat and with blue pants.I see someone who fits that very broad and vague description, and I immediately accuse him wanting to get to the bottom of things.Conversation get's heated, we both have guns drawn, as I randomly accused this man of murder, and arson.He shoots me in the face, runs off, taunting me to ride up on my horse and chase after him. Thank god hats are bullet proof magnets.Turned out he was actually the man I was looking for, and I got a supremely lucky guess.10/10 ""Like Skyrim with the wild west"" - IGN"
,Recommended,275200,15483681,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Wishmaster,"heavy and fantastic; beautiful example as to what make games truly unique against every other mediumbeing able to choose to pull your gun out in any given situation and having a unique reaction really made the game feel alive, really made me feel something towards the end"
,Recommended,275200,15497625,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Literally The Worst,"Like a...cucumber drenched in Wasabi, Westerado is cool, but harsh. What makes the game cool is the backdrop of the american west, which is realized in all of its 8-bit, slightly overused glory and the music which really sets the mood for you to play out all of your Sergio Leone fantasies. Things take a turn when you fail your first quest and discover you can't retry it. You just have to live with the consequences. For more, check out theVIDEO REVIEW.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DmaOj4nRCr0&feature=youtu.be"
,Recommended,275200,15499427,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,RG,"Excellent game, fantastic humor. Tons of replayability, plus when you unlock co-op mode, the game becomes even more of a blast. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED."
76561198037475697,Recommended,275200,15463953,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,uzifuz,is gud gaem
76561197983591237,Recommended,275200,15466227,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,AKTANE,"Borrowed Shotgun from store to ""try out"" in the gun range.Kept Shotgun.10/10 Would keep again."
,Recommended,275200,15490869,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Mordo,One of the best games i have ever played plus amazing musics worth every penny
,Recommended,275200,15500941,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Arch Blueleaf,I have already played this game for 6.6 hours now and i absolutly love it! The combat in this game is super fun and a good challence once you complete the game and play iron man mode without hats! I highly recomend this game for a fun and humoristic exspirience with loads of secrets and a beautifull open world.P.S The main story is short however so its quickly over but still lot of things to do after the story is done.
76561198155790334,Recommended,275200,15467337,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Sabertooth,I love this game! havent stopped playing since i got it on Saturday. 5 Stars
,Recommended,275200,15491548,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,DustOfTheNorth,Yes. Get this game. I recommend it.there are a few minor bugs with the co-op. Im sure they will be patched.the game crashed 1 time. No big deal.All the positive stuff other people are saying is true.
76561198094920686,Recommended,275200,15498250,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,an evil koala,"Just buy the game. Trust me, it's as good as it looks."
,Recommended,275200,15492748,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,BuddySloth,"I suggest only playing Ironman mode.There's such a broad spectrum of things to do and stories to influence (and in different ways, no less) that it feels like cheating both the game and myself to not start over after I die and see how things could have gone differently, in a different universe.  Especially since the main story isn't all that long or complex."
76561198085171447,Recommended,275200,19739821,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,dogboat333,"Westerado: Double Barreled. My mandatory obscure indie game my best of 2015, and it's a good pick. Created by Ostrich Banditos and published by Adult Swim Games, this game is the closest thing I've played to Red Dead Redemption since I played Red Dead Redemption. It's the closest thing on PC to it, and that's pretty cool. So should you pick it up? Well, let's take a look at it to find out.STORY: You are... some guy. Your brother and mother are killed by a man, and you go out on a journey to get sweet revenge. You go around and help people and you find clues to find the murderer. The story is a RPG, so you can choose what happens and that'll shape the world around you. Shall the military fight the Indians off their land, or will the Indians fall back, or can you make peace between the two? Shall the railroad go back to its former glory? You can decide. The murderer is randomized everytime, btw, so it has some good replay value there. Overall, it's a decent story.GAMEPLAY: The perspective is kind of like Dota 2, though it's not similar gameplay wise. You have your handy revolver. You♥♥♥♥♥♥it with one button, fire with another, and reload with a different one. If you get hit, your hat falls off. You usually have some spare ones, but if not, you are hatless. If you are hit then, you're dead and you wake up at your last spawn location with half of your cash gone. Decent enough, has some fun firefights and cool side activities, and it's good fun.GRAPHICS AND PERFORMANCE: 30fps, though with this game, that's fine. Runs smoothly. Game looks nice, has a nice pixely artstyle. It's charming, and it looks nice. That's nice to see.CHARACTERS AND DIALOGUE: Decent amount of variety. Your character is the usual player character, and you run across a lot of western stereotypes. The washed up sheriff, the girl who wants a man who can give her an adventerous life, the robbers who rob just for the hell of it. Fun little characters, some complexity to them as well. Nice to see some of them, I won't complain.FINAL RATING: Underrated game. Worth picking up on a sale without a doubt. 8.5/10, good game, nice debut for this studio. See if you can go out and support them if you have the money to."
,Recommended,275200,22921350,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,ScrotalYolk,7/10
,Recommended,275200,33040706,Posted: 30 June,all,elfinke,What a fabulous game.
76561197961232293,Recommended,275200,31291503,Posted: 22 April,all,no1z,"Just completed my first playthrough of Westerado. I really enjoyed myself and I learned how to play poker!The combat is a little wierd at first because you can only fire your gun left or right. After getting used to it I found the♥♥♥♥♥♥and fire mechanism novel and challenging.This game has Skyrimesque freedom. The map feels relatively large given the length of a single playthrough(I took about 4 hours). There are a ton of different areas and more quests than you're likely to complete in a single play through. There's a fairly large section of the map I didn't visit at all. Story elements sometimes appear unexpectedly, but I've only played through once so I don't know if they repeat each time or if they're random.Gameplay is diverse. There are poker games you can join in the towns. Riding sections and gun fights on and off horseback. Characters are interesting and involved in complex shenanigans with each other. Quests all feel like little slices of life.There aren't any roleplaying elements per se but you can earn money, and reputation. You can customize your character's appearance and there are multiple characters and weapons as well as hats.I've never been particularly interested in the western genre, but I found this game to be a lot of fun and I'm looking forward to my next playthrough."
76561198038027462,Recommended,275200,31327414,Posted: 23 April,all,Atano,"It's actually a pretty good game and I had a lot of fun playing it. But you can't expect it to keep you interested more than a couple of hours, because of the very standard story and the simple gameplay. There's no incentive to do the side quests and playing as an other character after ending the first playthrough doesn't bring a lot. As such I can't recommend it at full price. However, buy it if it is on sale."
76561198140442560,Recommended,275200,32953420,Posted: 28 June,all,IAmThePonch,"Someone's murdered your mother and brother on your family ranch and you set out to find who and why in this pixelated open world RPG lite Western.Don't let the incredibly simple pixel art fool you. This game is a but load of fun. You can go anywhere in the world right from the get go, talking to people and shooting bandits. Or shooting innocents. Or wild life. And while you're talking to literally anybody you can pull out your gun. You're the star of this Western movie and it's a blast.Basically, the main goal of the game is to find the physical description of the bandit who killed your family by helping people out with tasks they need completed. Every quest you complete is another piece of the description. If you're like me, you'll find the description pretty quickly, but it's too much fun to go through the storylines of the many factions peppered throughout the game to stop once you know who the killer is. The writing is also great, filled with fun accents and speech quirks.Basically, if you love westerns or adventure games, this is a must play. There's a lot of replayability due to its short length and multiple unlockable characters. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,275200,29089966,Posted: 7 January,all,№₷℮₭ 👃,"It looks like a joke game but it's definitely not. It's got better action, dialogs, freedom of choice, sense of exploration etc. than most big ugly open-world action-RPGs out there. But what really beats them is that this game, imagine this, really makes sense - it's well-thought all way through."
,Recommended,275200,20158212,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Stanko,"This is a fantastically fun game.  It is not to hard to play, but still offers up a challenge.  The characters are awesome and the story lines are cool.  The killer is chosen at random, so each time you play you need to try to figure out who did it all over again.  This was just a purely fun game especially for the price.  I would have dumped more quarters into an arcade game for the amount of time I had in this game to clear the main quest.  I would suggest that anyone who wants a fun couple of hours playing an enjoyable game buys this.  It has good replayability as well.9/10If you are a graphics snob, then you really should never play this game, as you don't deserve the fun and enjoyment to be had here!"
76561197964905734,Recommended,275200,16843392,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Edwardteach,"Just plain good ol' fashioned fun.I managed to snag this on sale and it truly is a little gem. It feels like a game that should have existed for something like NES but when you get down to it the level of attention and detail that they put into this game is amazing. It is filled with humor, tragety, and lots and lots of side quests. There is nothing quite like drawing your gun mid conversation to get a little extra information and just let people know who is boss.Pros:Side quests!!Mulitple weaponsPlenty of baddies to shoot, harass, and steal fromHATS!!!!Nice detailInteresting conversations with NPCsAccusing ramdom people of killing your family and watching them panicCons:Short (I really woudl have liked this to be a a longer game)Replayability is there but not much changes each timeIt is a good game if you can snag it on sale."
,Recommended,275200,20154978,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,İz Sürücü,I am quite a bit fan for western games. Yeah i played rdr but i think this is the second best western game in the world. Oblivously best is outlaws.
76561198118929044,Recommended,275200,15710858,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,EdwardDB∅,"Westerado : Double BarreledLooks Classic but turns out it was amazing,I must admit.At first I got some friends who told me to play this,I looked at the gameplays and videos about it,but it doesn't really seem to entertain me,but until I actually bought the game and played it.It feels like ""Damn,nothing to play,bored. Ah-hah,still got Westerado to play ""The musics in the game is quite execellent,pretty calm,texas style.Story's quite puzzling,but that happens if you spam your ""E"" button and skip all the dialogs.Amazing Open World game."
76561198119197082,Recommended,275200,16691631,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,JellyJeffrey,"Really clever in its comedy, with a great soundtrack, and fun gameplay thisn game is all kinds of good. If you like westerns, this one is for you. (Also, you can shoot anyone you meet.)"
,Recommended,275200,26192979,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Sherbert Moon,"Had a good deal of fun with this one. Perfect game for waiting until Red Dead is ported to PC.Which is to say, a looong time.Experience varies slightly for each playthrough, so I'll give you my first experience:>family house burned to the ground>rancher bro and mom have been left for dead by an arson while I was playing tiddlywinks with a buffalo>RIP cowbro>crash at my uncles place>attempt to follow main questline>get distracted by side missions>encourage Lt. Fort that I can make peace with the Indians>I couldn't make peace with the Indians>they're all dead>feelsbadpardner.jpeg>find enough clues to confront the arson without advancing the storyline any further>drop-kick the dirty brother killer into orbit>help townsfolk by rounding up wanted folk>suddenly remember I can shoot the locks off of farm gates>assist my buffalo brethren in escaping to freedom>fail to fully uncover the devious plot of the Oil Tycoon>stumble upon the Tycoon's devastation of the Indian campgrounds after their brutal deaths>I mean, I DID kill them, but at least I didn't screw up their crib>oil rigs pop up in Clintville in the ranches that I'd freed the buffalo from>I've had enough of this♥♥♥♥♥♥>storm the Tycoon's mansion and plant one right between the eyes without a word>make off with his loot and fight my way back out>still feel bad for letting him wreck all this♥♥♥♥♥♥>continue 'splorin'>encounter cowering outlaws in the deserts and mineshafts>they know the♥♥♥♥♥♥I've been up to and I can't say I'm proud of it10/10Would get second-hand shame from virtual pixel-people again"
,Recommended,275200,21136375,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Krystyna37,"Great game! Everything is perfect. It has one of the best soundtracks i've ever heard. I just love this game. Running arround as a cowboy killing bad guys, looking for money and new quests. Awesome!!!"
76561198082847832,Recommended,275200,30306679,Posted: 3 March,all,aidongical,"I set my contrast to max so now my screen is pure grey whenever I launch it, lovely game I love the shade of grey im stuck with looking at."
,Recommended,275200,15724304,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Mordeth13,Tons of fun. A great action RPG. I like playing Ironman mode....makes for an intense experience knowing if you die you can't continue.
76561198095433558,Recommended,275200,31335854,Posted: 24 April,all,Maurice,"This is a very good game. There are not alot of western games out there, but this one satisfied me.It is fun to play through it multible times. There are lots of paths to take and secrets to find."
,Recommended,275200,26392984,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,cajun chicken,"Pretty good. I wish the character ""brother"" was easier to use. Can't get the next character so easily."
,Recommended,275200,17308824,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,DefaultUsername,"It's a nice game, but it's not worth $15. I would recommend this, but wait for a sale to get it."
,Recommended,275200,24026965,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Scart,"They distilled a massive open world game down into a compact and fun indie title.It's completely non-linear, except for the finale.  There's lots of places to explore, different quest lines, different ways to accomplish each quest, different results in the world from your choices, and none of them are required.  At any point in a conversation you can draw and♥♥♥♥♥♥your weapon for different results, although it's not used as much as it could be.  If you want to, you can kill anybody and everybody.  The art is good and the music is fantastic.  The writing is great, with a lot of humour.  Combat is probably the weakest part of the game, and can be a little clunky.  You only shoot left or right so a lot of combat is running up/down, drawing, cocking, and shooting.Beating the game for the first time takes 1-2 sittings, depending on how much you explore.  The bulk of the gameplay is in replaying to follow different quest lines, take different sides of conflicts, and see things that you missed.Overall it's a delightful and enjoyable game that will stick around for me as something fun and light to replay for a quick hour."
76561198069505701,Recommended,275200,15511331,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,MagmaFish,"i think that this is one of the best games i ever played.westerado is an amazing advanture game, the artstyle is great, the characters are funny at times, and the world is for you to explore.(spoiler alert for the first min of the game) your family got murdered and you need to avenge your family. sounds simple?well you dont know how the killer looks. if you do quests then you will get information about your killer, once you get   enough info you can go after the murderer.every time you play the game the killer is a diffrent guy, so everyone is a suspect.but the best part about this game is its music, the main theme NEVER gets old.the downsides are the bugs and the fact that the game is pretty short.overall i recommend this game to anyone who likes advanture games."
76561198020571618,Recommended,275200,16728804,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Nobody Special,"If your looking for a game with really good gunslinging action, that really makes you feel like the best gunslinger ever, this is not the game for you. In fact, I think the gunplay is the worst part of this game.But, thats not to say this is a bad game. in fact, it's one of my favorites at the moment. The world, the dialouge, everything else contributes to the feeling that your playing through a classic western flick. I normally would of shrugged this off but with how it was structured, I really got invested as I learned more and more about my family's killer. It gave him a face, a story, it really drew me in and made me feel like I was hunting a criminal to deal justice to rather then another faceless AI I was just going to shoot, and the payoff to this buildup really felt like it was worth it. Admitedly, there were a few silly moments and cliches that were parodied, but I didn't feel like they pushed it too far.This really rubbed me in all the right ways, and if your a fan of those old movies like True Grit and the like, get this. You won't be disapointed. Just remember this is far more fun because of how cinimatic it is."
,Recommended,275200,15498927,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Xograph,"I shot them.No really, I shot everyone everywhere.I SHOT EVERYONE THAT EVER LIVED EVERYWHEREI KILLED EVERYONE IN THE UNIVERSEI AM THE LAST PERSON IN THIS UNIVERSEWHY DID I SHOOT THEM?BECAUSE I COULDEVEN MY SISTER AND UNCLEI SHOT THEM TOOEVERYONE WAS A SUSPECT MANNOBODY COULD BE TRUSTEDAt least I found the murderer, even if I killed everyone in the Wild West that there was.(But seriously you can do anything in this game get it now)"
76561198061675728,Recommended,275200,20046585,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Burly Jim,"Western games are sort of few and far between; and good westerns are even rarer. Westerado slides firmly into the last category.The first thing I want to talk about is the atmosphere. This is easily the top reason to buy this game-the world is laid out metroid-vania style, and each screen is lovingly detailed. Locations range from ranches to towns, caves to deserts, abandoned towns to bandit hole-ups. Each of these areas have something do do; generally someone to kill, and sometimes quests or hidden secrets. On top of all this, the music that plays is very fitting, While some of it is more ambiance than music-like the cave theme-most of the overworld music is just a great blend of guitar, banjo, and harmonica, making for great western music.The game's premise is that someone has killed your family and you're out for vengeance. The killer is randomly generated, and to find him you must gather clues to his appearance (Guess Who style) by solving problems for the local folks. This makes the game a variable length...some questlines give you a lot of clues, and depending on which quests you complete you can get different endings. This works well enough, and it adds to the replay value just a tad. I'll come back to this.The combat in this game is great. There's a variety of weapons available--a Colt revolver from the get-go, and a coachgun, repeating rifle, and a set of dual revolvers available from the shop, and bolas and a tomahawk besides. I've had the time to test all but the tomahawk, and they're all fun to use-the default revolver is probably the best, but everything else works better situationally...the coach and rifle reload slowly, but they can hit in clusters or pierce respectively. The dual revolvers are a lot of fun, and can shoot in both directions at once. The bolas tie up an enemy, making it easier to shoot their hats off. Hats serve as your health-each time you are shot, you lose a hat, and if you are shot without a hat, you die. If you shoot an enemy's hat off, he'll usually run off, and you can take the hat for your own.As to replayability, each run on the game is good for an hour or two on average, less if you know what you're doing. While there are several endings, the game gets a bit repetitive after a while.This game is absolutely worth five to ten dollars, and is definitely worth your attention. With how much fun I've had in the time I've played, I feel like a sequel would totally be worth it.One of the biggest things holding this game back is the randomized killer. Having a randomized killer means that there's a whole bunch of NPCs with zero point, spewing the same lines every time you speak to them. Removing it gives room for more quests, more fun, and more fleshed out characters to populate Clintville.Overall, I'd recommend this game when it's on sale, and a tentative recommendation when it's not. Fifteen dollars might be a bit much for this, unfortunately. You'd have to use your judgement on how much you love westerns, shooters, and RPGs."
76561198116176056,Recommended,275200,15539467,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,EmperorStormtrooper,"It's as good as Red Dead Redemption.Only pixel, funnier and on PC."
,Recommended,275200,32906807,Posted: 27 June,all,Sir Liquid Jakespeare,"A deceptively Deep and Intelligent game with much more depth than it lets on.  Also, it has couch co-op, always a win."
76561198074091157,Recommended,275200,15843072,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Dr. Mr. TZD,"Nice music , nice art , nice story  and an awesome game!"
76561198044508357,Recommended,275200,26178583,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,tdog,"It's funny, it's smart, it's fun, and it's unique. Try it out; if you're not hooked, get a refund."
,Recommended,275200,15454753,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,FELIX,"TL;DR? Did you enjoy Red Dead Redemption? Then buy this game!2D Red Dead Redemption gameplay combined with a fantastic detective puzzle to find the antagonist.The music, gameplay, humor and story is spot on. It's not a very long game (I beat it under 4 hours), there is even an achievment to beat it under 1 hour, but there is plent of replay value and there are many secrets and references to other forms of pop culture to seek out. The game allows for a nice variation of playstyles and you can pretty much do whatever you feel like, ain't nobody the boss of you!"
76561198030765632,Recommended,275200,15464663,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,pacovf,"As of April 20th, it is very buggy. Quests will often become impossible to complete. Characters will get stuck in the scenery or in obsolete bits of dialogue. Your followers die just from getting looked at. There's the occasional corrupted save file and crash to desktop.It's still the most FUN I've had with a game in a long time.The gunfights are simple but satisfying. The soundtrack is good. The atmosphere is great. A large world that rewards exploration. The story is a self aware mumbo-jumbo of Western clichés. Many ""factions"" vie for control of the region, and you can help any of them in your quest for revenge. And gunversations are a stroke of genius.The first playthrough will only last about 3 hours, but you will jump right in again and again to discover what you missed the previous time."
,Recommended,275200,31303377,Posted: 22 April,all,Poor Leno,"Took me just about 2 and a half hours to complete. But you unlock a new character at the end so I suppose there's more to it.The game is charming, music is great and I love the pixel art style.Pros:- Pixel Art- Music- Quite a bit of freedom for a 2D game- You'll be a gunslinger in no time.Cons:-Music gets very repetitive and it seems there's little variation going on here.-Aiming with the guns does get a bit annoying and you often shoot where you don't want to-Game is pretty damn short but for £2.19 (I got it on a sale) it's worth it"
76561198071172887,Recommended,275200,21878404,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Chirurgeon Crane,A fun role playing game. Marvelous soundtrack. The people who made Westerado and the person who made Gunpoint should work together.
,Recommended,275200,18650388,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,The Great Sage,"Whelp, when all else fails just shoot everyone."
76561198036973700,Recommended,275200,15473555,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,chumpdiggins,this is the first review i have ever writen about a game and i must say thi is one brilliant game ive only got it on my laptop so when i get bored at uni i play it all the time. the theme song i just love i love it so much i wish i could have it repeat in my ears all day. gameplay is also good died a few to many times when i first started playing bt now im a little better this game really captures th indie feel with its  graphics and the story is also really well writen truelly brilliant game
76561198169055773,Recommended,275200,31218804,Posted: 18 April,all,JoeyPooc,"This game is truly amazing.  An indie wonder, it is most easily comparable to Undertale.   It has a very unique combat system, in which you and enemies combat on a vertical axis.  Any and all NPCs can die, and, as such, make it impossible to complete a quest.  There is unique dialog corresponding to what you do, and your choices actually impact where the game goes.  The story is also amazing; you simply start off with a quest to find out who killed your family, and you figure it out by completing quest for NPCs, who then trust you enough to give you clues about it, like the killer's pant color, hat, etc.  The game is also very geared towards multiple replays.  When this game costs what it normaly does, you should get it.  If it's on sale, (I got it for $3) it's a must-buy."
,Recommended,275200,34522165,Posted: 26 August,all,Δ Ł Ξ X,Red Dead Redemption isn't out on PC but I think this does a good job at being RDR but better.
,Recommended,275200,15406858,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,DubbyDesperado,"This is a great game, and I'm not just saying that because of my name!First, if you prefer to skip the essay and just watch some gameplay, you can check out my playthrough here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uOyVCXnGvrsWesterado is a simple looking game, yet with so much detail it's impressive. The graphics are similar to 8-bit style, yet look great when playing. The lighting and mood change as you transition between sections, and as you move between dark and light areas. There are multiple different NPCs which all have varying appearances to keep from repeating too much. There are also plenty of animals and aggressive enemies in this game that you must keep an eye out for, so don't just go running through the desert expecting it to be uneventful!The premise of the game is to find your family's murderer, which involves getting clues about how the murderer looks, which help finalize an overall picture of who you're looking for. Your job is to then search the impressively large map to find this man/woman, which can seem daunting considering how far you have to travel. There is the ability to ride a horse between cities though to cut down on time.In orer to do this take, you must perform jobs, many of which involve escorting wagons, buffalo, etc. from one place to another while a group of bandits try to steal/kill your cargo. These minigames are actually very challenging, and I died many times attempting, as you can see in the video! The shooting mechanics in this game require you to♥♥♥♥♥♥and fire your gun, including reloading bullet by bullet, which make maneuvering and fighting that much more difficult. I'd recommend constantly strafing up and down the screen to avoid getting shot and to help you line up yours better.Attaining money can be a challenge aside from finding bags on the floor. Most missions involve having to defend something, while others require you to simply pull your gun out. Either way, buying things required for missions takes away from being able to purchase new guns and clothing, so I typically stayed away from those missions. There are plenty of side missions to choose from though, so you will have plenty to do in this game.Overall, this game is tons of fun, and well worth the money. It's meant to be replayable, and I can see myself replaying this game multiple times, each with a new murderer to search for. I'd highly recommend trying this game if you have the time/money."
,Recommended,275200,31207304,Posted: 17 April,all,HEALTH AND SAFETY OFFICER,"Wow, what a game, there is just about nothing this game wont let me do. I want to have a shootout in the town, go on. Want authentic chit chat, you'll find it. The gambling, the dead or alive, health, guns and ammo mechanics are all great and feel really fun to play.Fun with couch friends, killing women might not be for kids"
,Recommended,275200,18998911,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,chillghost,">playing westerado>I'm a tough cowboy>woman complains to the sheriff about drunk husband>dont worry m'lady, I got this>go to the saloon>try to convince the drunk man to leave but he wont> I shoot the wall to scare him away>everyone at the saloon grabs their weapons and start shooting at me>run run run run run run run run run>the whole city is trying to kill me like bloodthirsty savages> I die thousands of times>kill everyone in the saloon>barman hates me>I give him some money> we become best friends10/10 would shoot the wall again"
76561198086281757,Not Recommended,275200,16627138,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Aneki (ง •̀_•́)ง,"It's a good game, and I can't find any problems with it. It's just not worth 15$ in my opinion.One run-through of the game takes about 2 hours. And unless you love this game enough to play it over and over, or want to get all the achievements, it's hard to get your money's worth from it. On the plus side combat is pretty fun, and there are a LOT of secrets to find. So it's really up to you whether you want to buy this or not."
76561198192316310,Recommended,275200,15864256,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,cdrive1,"There...is just so much I love about this game, including the music...Oh god the music.It helps set the mood and in a game where you decide how things are done, well it can add alot of emotion to scenes, there's one I like in particular but I am not going to ruin it for players, I recommend it because they need to hear it in its entirety.Next: The Gameplay, You are using a 2D plane but you fight using only one of those *Nerdspeak translation: You can go left, right, up, down, and diagonal but you can only shoot left or right, your enemies have this restriction too* and it gives a great feeling of tension as you don't know if you'll hit the guy or just BARELY miss him by a few pixels, the satisfaction of getting a hatshot as rewarding as the hat you can then grab, and again you can go about it in a number of ways, you can the the nice guy or you can be the guy who guns down anyone who ROUGHLY fits the description...I do hear though that going murder crazy on everyone is a bad idea, I'll have to try it next playthrough.Finally the story: Its pretty stock of course, but it uses the tropes very well, it has some humor that can help take a load off your quest for vengeance...In my view, 10/10, would avenge again."
76561198109112993,Recommended,275200,15669079,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Flawless Duck,Killed dah director and 9999 other ppl... 10/10 would kill the director of the game again
,Recommended,275200,16726706,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Exka,"You can truly feel the Wild West and its lawless atmosphere in this game, where you can literally murder anyone and everyone, although that might not always be the smartest move. Life is cheap but at least you can win a little fortune in a poker game in the saloon and then spend all the money to buy some more precious hats, for example. Simple gameplay combined with the classic setting of a western makes this game enjoyable, since the setting is literally dead on. The game also comes with many oh-so-funny achievements, in case you are into those.I highly recommend that you buy this game, if you enjoy westerns."
76561198057161368,Recommended,275200,31428815,Posted: 28 April,all,kermit the hermit,the starting revolver is the best weapon in the gameyou can also shoot anyone
76561198032446780,Recommended,275200,32825898,Posted: 26 June,all,Ghets,"Super fun. Takes a while to get used to the all keyboard controls, but once you have that it's dope. Pretty good for the current sale deal too."
76561198192163559,Recommended,275200,32948581,Posted: 28 June,all,leftindarkness,It's just amazing..and really fun
76561198109073254,Recommended,275200,31224742,Posted: 18 April,all,TheJuiceCrew,"Theres only 2 people who matter in this game. You, and the murderer. How you find out who he/she is, is up to you. Whether you join the ranks and use spies for clues, or you hit up the local bar for some drinks and rumors, and everything in between. But the most important thing to remember is: nobody is innocent, until you have the culprit. And above all; everyone is a target."
76561198312189234,Recommended,275200,31225580,Posted: 18 April,all,Taybro,I got this on sale for $3 as I thought $15 was a bit much but it is a very good retro pixel graphic rpg. I really wish the shooting was a bit different as you can only shoot left or right and when you have a dozen bandits coming at you it gets sluggish.I do enjoy this game and recommend it especially if you can catch it on sale.
,Recommended,275200,31222724,Posted: 18 April,all,LV | Audris,"Simply put- loving it even if i'm only 60 minutes in the game. I really love every single thing i've seen so far in this game-  the art is beautiful, the mechanics are original and the story is great too, although i'm not yet sure how long is it. At first glance the shooting mechanics might seem weird but in game they're great.9/10 cuz there is always room to improve"
76561198125749675,Recommended,275200,31138545,Posted: 14 April,all,Doc Woods,"I had fun with this.It's obviously a reasonably small and low-tech game but this is reflected appropriately in the price.There's an amusing story, good music, and a decent amount of choices to make to give it a little more replayability.At times the shooting was a little frustrating though - especially the ability to only shoot directly left or right. But on the whole recommended for what it is."
,Recommended,275200,16818409,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Lucas,Amazing old western game <3
,Recommended,275200,31211080,Posted: 17 April,all,The White Wolf,Great little RPG. Simple combat but very satisfying. Pixel graphics are quirky and nostalgic. Game contains amusing written dialogue and plenty of jokes. Story is straightforward but enjoyable with plenty of side missions contained in an open world setting. Give it an 8 out of 10 !
,Recommended,275200,15501126,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,badger_the_king,WesteradoWhat to say:-Started search for murderer-Threatended a drunk at gunpoint-Joined the army-Killed Bounties-Killed countless outlaws-Killed wildlife-Became an infamous outlaw10/10 Would seek revenge again
,Recommended,275200,20280260,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,го́пник,It's high noon.
,Recommended,275200,15453968,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Neofactor,"I was suprised just how good this game was. There is a lot more depth than meets the eye, and it's suprising how easy it is to fail in this game. It's a rather unforgiving depiction of the west and it will take some getting use to, but its worth the money. Definitly has some replay value as well, but I can't see one getting more than 10 hours of entertainment out of the game.That being said.... it's still a blast and I have no regrets buying it, I just hope they add more content to the game. It's open world, but in all honesty I'd love it if the world was a 50% bigger."
,Recommended,275200,15460363,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,danteangelo373,"da ♥♥♥♥ing open world pixel fallout where you can kill every npc no joke. this game is the ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ kinda short tho, however it has tons of replayability. cant wait for that dlc content......seriously the game is that good."
,Recommended,275200,15460917,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Wet Fart,"A free roam game with simple yet fun combat, funny moments and good times exploring"
,Recommended,275200,15459588,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Backspin,"You really just get shoved out the front door and the rest is up to you. Great music, great atmosphere and writing. The low health concept for everyone in the game makes for an interesting combat mechanic, and the affects of your plot/quest choices will keep you alive long enough to see yourself become the feared bandit of these here parts.Only real downside is a relatively low replay value, even with local co-op as an option."
,Recommended,275200,15451292,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,PREDATARRRR,"This game goes by Valve's philosophy that the more hats you have, the better your life is.249/10 for positive morals."
,Recommended,275200,19510296,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,William Shakesman,"An extremely replayable CYOA open world Wild West-themed shooter. Complete side quests, find who murdered your Pa, and gun him down.The finale is always the same, but the number of ways to get there and things to find keep you coming back. The arcadey draw-aim♥♥♥♥♥♥shoot-reload gunplay is tough to describe but it is satisfying, about quick positioning and slow aim-and-firing."
,Recommended,275200,27324189,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,King_Of_Cool,Very good game. It will make you laugh! Wonderful poker mini game too
,Recommended,275200,15429008,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Metatron,Please make a bigger game please please please.... :(  That damned Red Dead Redemption sequel hasn't come yet
,Recommended,275200,18634674,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,eXcruciate,"A great game, but way too short. I wish I would've checkedhowlongtobeat.combefore I bought it and I wouldn't have even spent $7.50 on sale like I did had I known it could be beat in 2-3 hours. I didn't finish a few quests before I beat it but I am not about to start a new game and do it all over again just to experience them. Great charm great gameplay but for me, no real replay value.7/10 Fun for a once through, catch it on sale."
,Recommended,275200,15452063,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Dharker,"I love many of the great western films, and now at long last I have a game that I can call a great Western game.I picked this game up initially just for a little bit of fun as I thought it was amusing that you might be able to kill everyone you see regardless of plot and quests. But it pulled me in and I was hooked after just 10 minutes of play time. After which I had to play and play until I completed the game at least once.Great game, good humour, it even tries to make you think a little while you play (but not too much).Well worth purchasing."
76561198030571167,Recommended,275200,18000340,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Gradydad,Amazing game. Best western game i've played since Red Dead Redemption. The music and art really makes it feel like a western game/movie.
76561198016678963,Recommended,275200,15461550,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,TonyBlair,Awesome. Reminds me of the old (and good version) Sid Meiers Pirates - except in the old west. Well designed and plays smoothly.
,Recommended,275200,15748733,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Foehamner,"My favorite game of 2015 so far.  In addition to doing an amazing job of creating a Western setting and feel, the open world combined with the impact of your decisions make Westerado incredibly immersive and replayable.  It is chock-full with little easter eggs that reward exploration and I love seeing how different events can play out.I have a series of videos outlining some of the quests and aforementioned easter eggs:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLL5JEFvVpx9oT1EZHNcuqLQLqFai7U-tk"
,Recommended,275200,26146533,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,FleshyPrison | <O>,"I'm in the very beginning and I'm already hooked. Fantastic storytelling, music is really great and the dialogue keeps me focused. Really good so far."
,Not Recommended,275200,24168769,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,i suck,"Really neat little game. I enjoyed playing it. It has a good amount of content for what it is. However I regret buying this game for $10. The game did not have any replay value to appeal to me. If you feel confident that you could play through a short ~90ish minute campaign over and over again, then pay full price.Otherwise, wait until the game goes on sale."
,Recommended,275200,18607514,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Calorie Mate,"Quite simple and short, but quite a lot of fun.This game is pretty straightforward. You do quests for folks, and then getinformation(and/or $$$ ) in return. Every bit of information is used to indentify the person who killed your family. For example, a bit of info could be that his pants are red. Once you have all the pieces together, you can look for someone who fits the description and confront him or her.I don't say ""him or her"" to avoid spoilers, no it's because it's always someone different. There are quite a lot of people, each with their own story in this game, and everyone's a suspect(and maybe it's just a random guy.)If you just concentrate on getting revenge on that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, then you'll be done in around 2hrs. But the many sidequests, exploration of new areas, unlockables and activites(it's a western game, of course you can play poker) can keep you busy for many hours beyond that. Especially due to the roguelite feel this game has.Shooting mechanics are fairly simple as well. One key to draw your gun, another to♥♥♥♥♥♥and shoot it, and one for reloading(one bullet at a time.) Though simple, it certainly emulates the feeling of a western shootout, mixed with a bit of bullet hell, since dodging and firing at the same time, can be quite tricky. And a well aimed single shot is all that matters.It's not the biggest game, but it certainly delivers."
76561198035700842,Recommended,275200,15681889,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,firegirlue,"Honestly when I saw the commercial for this game I almost passed out from happiness. Being a huge fan of it's flash father I was super overjoyed to see this polished up and extended version.Story: The story is right out of any old school western where you first control a young man who's mother is  a rancher In California during the gold rush. After spending the day ringling a stray buffalo you come back home to see you ranch burned, you mother killed, and your brother not to far behind. After giving you his gun and begging you to put him out of his misery, He asks you to kill the man responsible and gives you your first clue and the next day your off to find himPros:The look. I'm always fond of 8 bit looking games and this one's no exception. Everything is clear enough to know what it is but still be pixelated and blocky with almost exclusive warm colors throughout it's all very charming-The music is amazing. Even my mom liked it and she's a western snob. The music is pleasing even if it's not in 8 bit. Each different area (Desert, forest, towns,military base, Indian camp, caves ect) Has its own track. my fav is the forest-The killer is someone different every time you start a new game, giving it a lot of replay value-The game has a lot of personality, the main character is very likable and there quite a few funny lines coming from this game-The game is huge for what it is-There are a lot of new things to give to our young friend to help him in his journey (Guns,close,hats,ect)Cons:-They didn't really fix the combat system, it's not bad just hard to aim at times-The clues might be randomized but the people you get them from arn't so if you played the flash version or play it again you know exactly where to goSo if you liked the flash version or like 8 bit adventure games you'll like this"
,Recommended,275200,34027520,Posted: 4 August,all,KiFe Marston_Manhunter,A 24-Bit Django
,Recommended,275200,15646753,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Toucan-Man,Westerado?More Like Badass simulator 2015.
,Recommended,275200,15424059,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,AliensInMyBrain,Great game!  Nice throw back.
,Recommended,275200,15631627,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Frogpaw,YEEEE-HAW!
,Recommended,275200,26177410,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Mr.Esuba,"Paid like $3 for this game, Would pay more if I could Deffinatly worth $5-$8"
76561198001261242,Recommended,275200,15455755,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Space Moose,Way to go adult swim!
,Recommended,275200,15453368,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,ExaltedHighness,This game is alot of fun. It was made very well. I recommend it.
,Recommended,275200,15462147,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Ref,"Oh my god. This game's hysterical. xD An 8-bit, open world action adventure shoot em' up adjective adjective? I love it! No but really the art style is amazing, and the choice of play is great. Play the story how /you/ want. I did some commentary over it here if anyone wants to check it out. Here's part 2.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=misJVIH7uSk"
76561198012787693,Recommended,275200,15434526,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,ArthurBMc,Great game
,Recommended,275200,16208973,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Dainank,"Wow... Finally a game which is SO DIFFERENT from all the others, but can still keep you HOOKED for simply 15 bucks. This one you CAN'T miss.Time to♥♥♥♥♥♥my gun :D"
76561198008045835,Recommended,275200,15557022,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Bubbi,gr8 fun
,Recommended,275200,15498493,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,IllegallyMike,"Very fun but It kind of gets boring the second time around, the game is too easy... Unless we're talking about the 1 hat mode then ♥♥♥♥ that."
76561198066936769,Recommended,275200,15483831,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,GHOSTOWN,"I love Western genre so i enjoyed the game, the detective work was fun. Game is very short (less than 2 hours) but i suppose it has a bit of replability( doing different quests just gives you a clue of who the killer is, nothing relaly unique= there isnt really all that much quests, i have no desire to play through again)Personally i think it should be alot cheaper even on sale at 13 dollars it doesnt feel like a 13 dollar game, wait till its on sale for 5more problems with the game-Bugs with the wanted people in towns: most times they just wont ever show up and cannot find them-no way to change hats: for example when you get the miner light hat, the only way to have it equipped is to get shot 2 times so its the last hat on your head???? dumb. also you wont ever find it again if you get shot-some of the story lines interupt each other making it impossible to finish-collected all 8 of the totem things and went back to return to get ""golden buffalo, but the natives were hostile so i had to kill him because he was shooting at me and i failed the quest??also failed quests for no reasonhad funm tho, really wish theyre was more games in the western genre"
76561198014677495,Recommended,275200,23017719,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,RSA,Awesome game!Very addictive and fun.
76561198020539619,Recommended,275200,23319505,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Suck it Brent,"this feels a lot like fallout 3 in terms of open world, wacky humor, lots of meanginful choice. fabulous game. short but very satisfying game"
,Recommended,275200,20426069,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,JM,A cojote ate my hat. Its the last he´ll be eatin´.
76561198007292281,Recommended,275200,20362836,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,The Ork,one of the best western games
,Recommended,275200,20386577,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Indy,Ah' Enjoyed 'dis game.
76561197992091513,Recommended,275200,26167666,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,jakke_makupala,4/5
,Recommended,275200,17134416,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Spookie NiggEE,"Love the game, love everything about it but I have one majior problem when your the native when you go to the native village they say your tresspassing like they do with the other characters AND your uncles white"
,Recommended,275200,15598205,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,DaxeN☆千棘,Probably the best 8-bit game i ever played in my entire life. I RATE IS 10/10 BEST GAME EVER
76561198026524724,Not Recommended,275200,18637791,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Wandring,"Nice premise, sloppy execution.I can't reccomend this game. It's actually pretty bad. However, if you can tollerate fetch quests that have you searching around while fighting awful controls then maybe you might get something out of it."
,Recommended,275200,19819443,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Silent,Very Emersive feels retroWhile first playing controls are a little funkyBut over all pretty good
,Recommended,275200,29016849,Posted: 4 January,all,Internalized Oppression,If the cowboy's in the game are actually actors are they still gay?
,Recommended,275200,21877690,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,lpatelmav41,"You get to explore and shoot things in the wild west, you can shoot whoever you want, interrupt a person while he or she is talking to you and shoot them, shoot innocent civilians, buy a gun and shoot the vendor, ride a horse and shoot some robbers, you can even shoot your own family members! My only complaint is that there wasn't enough shooting."
,Recommended,275200,31235904,Posted: 19 April,all,Ahrithien,"Probably one of the best games I have played on Steam.I bought it on sale but I'd even buy it when it's not.The game is like STALKER, you have a main objective, but you can do whatever. You can choose what to do and create your own path. Super high amount of replayability in one game.10/10. Highly recommended."
76561198114043754,Recommended,275200,31434672,Posted: 29 April,all,fuckface,It's a simple yet fun game but the story is rather short. I would still recommend it though.
76561198113218497,Recommended,275200,32166789,Posted: 3 June,all,Astro-Creep,Fun campaign with an interesting combat mechanic of only shooting on a horizontal plane.Hats work as your health and skimming your bullet off the top of an enemies head will make their hat available as a health pickup.Can be played with a friend locally.Lacks replayability though.
76561198096417535,Recommended,275200,31353547,Posted: 25 April,all,DivineWind(hellcase.com),needs a sequal
76561198170075918,Recommended,275200,28335213,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,The Desert Ranger,"Better than it looks.8/10if you don't like westerns, you won't like this game because it's a western."
,Recommended,275200,18699686,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,mott,"Westerado: Double Barreled is an indie, open-world, western, action-adventure, murder mystery game with 8-bit style graphics.The beauty of this game is that it is randomly-generated and the murderer is different every time, which is why I love it so much. Every playthrough will be different and so this adds tons of replayability to this game. You can just whip out your gun and shoot anyone you want right in the face while mid-conversation. The graphics are also gorgeous. The one other thing I love about this game is its soundtrack, it's amazing. Combat is okay, bit repetitive and the end of the game is slightly frustrating, but also a sweat.Well done, Adult Swim on this great game."
76561198089183476,Recommended,275200,16319427,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Mr. Bean,"GET THE GAME GAME, YOU WON'T REGRET IT"
76561198227982720,Recommended,275200,16829714,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Totoro,"Wait. A 2D side scrolling western with tons of action, quests and ""brittish type"" humour?█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄"
,Recommended,275200,32202412,Posted: 5 June,all,CopyCwat,"Great game to pass time. Replay value is highm with lots of side quests. Don't start playing expecting anything incredibly fleshed out, and you should enjoy it."
76561198007850008,Recommended,275200,16409529,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,LadyBoys,The muisc says it all
,Recommended,275200,34316605,Posted: 17 August,all,Westaboo,This game is so open to player choice and interactions it could arguably be called an rpg.[Insert better than fallout 4 joke here]All the guns can only be shot at someone from a certain angle and you kind of have eyeball it (except with the rifle)Being able to pull your gun on anyone during a conversation is pretty cool giving you something else to do than just dialogue (kind of like the <attack> options in new vegas but sometimes being able to use it to threaten people)Overall definitely worth buying
,Recommended,275200,33888247,Posted: 29 July,all,Stellen Helision,I had my doubts about this game but I have no regrets about buying this game
,Recommended,275200,27375684,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Allerises,This game is pure catharsis. I love it.
76561198134567729,Recommended,275200,19255730,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Minor To Severe Joint Pain,"Well I started a barfight, shot the lady who sold me my gun, played poker, and apperantly killed too many cpu's which made some guy over and order everyone to try and kill me. This is what open world games should be like. Extremely addicting and fun, 10/10"
,Recommended,275200,21495303,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Fox,Enjoyable game would recommend. Takes me back to the old days of westerns that my father strongly enjoyed from the 50s - 70s
76561198022377661,Recommended,275200,15572508,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Subiectus,Call of Juarez is now a second best Western game for pc. :) This game has it all!
76561198043388752,Not Recommended,275200,33563055,Posted: 15 July,all,William Luther Pierce,"Simple quality game not bad if you want to burn a few hours, but as an RPG fan it's not my type of thing. Don't think I will be revisiting this any time soon."
,Recommended,275200,18416805,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,George Foreman Grill,open worldwesternRPGco-opcrazy awesome musicbeatiful visualsa must have game
,Recommended,275200,15439797,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,One Man One Pole,Avenged my family by shooting the hats off every person i could find.but in seriousness for a game that is 2d and pixlated i had more fun then most AAA titles. highly recomended
,Not Recommended,275200,31279910,Posted: 21 April,all,Away,"I really wanted to recommend this game but it's just frustrating after a while.Pros:+Good gameplay with a lot of replayablity+Dialogues are kinda funny+Story is okay-ishCons:-Extremely buggy and confusing game play.-Map is no use at all.-Journal doesn't really say much either.-Lack of information about how to go about most of the quests-Key NPC characters wander around on their own sometimes and it's EXTREMELY hard to find themSo yeah if you're doing the side quests, good luck.Also if you fight the bandits a bit too much, you'll get the ""killer aura"" and the sheriff's hot wife won't agree to live together with you :(Conclusion: Buy the game if it's on sale. If not, then no, save yourself some agony."
76561198116883876,Recommended,275200,15408033,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Mathmangaming21,Fun game if you like pixel graphic games you will love this game so fun.
76561198077205816,Recommended,275200,15427064,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,cheddar_cheese,"oh you just shoot me?to bad i gotTHEESE HATSHAHGOTHIMMMMMMMMMMMMMMHAHGOTHIMMMMMMMMMMMHAH!(you can pull your gunn at every single person in this game, regardless of conversation and relations. I just shot my uncle in the face just because i felt doing it :D)"
,Recommended,275200,15422557,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Rat Chef,"Walked into around 10 bandits, all of them ran away due to how badass my character is. 10/10 would scare murderers and theives again."
,Recommended,275200,21097469,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,†<CC>< King Blobfish,Don't have enough money to buy the gun I wantKill everone in the shopGet gun I wantedMission Accomplished10/10 would kill people for better guns to kill people again again
,Recommended,275200,15418206,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Shiro,"I need to protect your buffalo's?You want ME to do this job?didn't think so.... BOOOOOM*the man lies dead on  the ground*What've you done?!$!you killed an NPC!EeeeeuuuuuIdc ... BOOOOOM*you blew away half the face of the anoying man**now a pool of blood starts to form around your feet*Best game would r8 8/8 m8, ign 10/10"
,Recommended,275200,33492758,Posted: 12 July,all,Hailey,Online multiplayerwhen
,Recommended,275200,31217963,Posted: 18 April,all,⋆TheWeeknd⋆,10/10 would kill everyone again
,Recommended,275200,23728801,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Wildow the Walrus,"A Spaghetti Western with more Spaghetti than Eminem. Also, hats.10/10 would choose guns over conversation again."
76561198077513364,Recommended,275200,23746015,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Rossaman,"They added in support for further seperating the white man from the animal people. 10/10, whould be racist again."
,Recommended,275200,26238424,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Draquila,This is an excellent but overpriced game.
,Recommended,275200,29170210,Posted: 10 January,all,Brettwardo,Original fun game. Kind of short but a good time
76561198002911957,Recommended,275200,31753295,Posted: 14 May,all,LORD OF THE HARVEST,"Remember the days of early Fallout. Going around chatting with people, snagging up quests of sorts while wandering aimlessly. Given a lot more freedom than most games (even nowadays)...Westerado is like that. Albeit not as deep. Not as flexible, and no need to worry about Radscorpions (though watch out for their more ""normal"" overly aggressive kind).What is here is a good game. The visuals you'll either love or hate (I loved the graphics in a game called Master of Monsters on the Genesis) and you ultimately have one goal. Find dat dem killer (as a southern boy I signed a contract in the womb stating I can type and speak in such language, it's actually a requirement in the south much like signing up for the draft).The basic idea is to find the killer ala Clue style. You gather this information by doing quests for people and/or just talking to random people. So when you first start you might now have many details but could get lucky and find the killer (though I believe it's random each time) or spend your time exploring the world and doing quests at your leisure.Very small assortment of weapons but each plays differently. Espeically the bola which is a fairly easy way to capture bounties alive without risking the hat thing. You can also switch between them, so don't fret.Oh ya, hat thing. Hats are health. You die when you have no more hats to put on. Good thing is, hats can be picked up from the dirty rotten scoundrels or innocent folk you shoot. Or you could be boring and just buy them.Quests are varied. Ya you get ""go here and shoot x"" but you also have side scrolling buffalo guardin rootin and tootin shootin. Bounties, as stated above, normally allow you the option to take a target alive or dead or just one or the other.They also have a part where you can either follow the armies orders and shoot the injuns or attempt to broker peace with'em.Also you can rob the bank.Do it.Because I said. So ya, snag this if it's on sale because it adds replay value by providing many different characters. I beat this in 3 hours, though I could have done it quicker. I also missed out on a few quests though and didn't play any of the other unlocked characters.Lastly, talk to the chiefs brother 4 times for a special gift! I promise it isn't a scalpin.TL;DRHats. Rob Banks. Shoot Uncle, inf act just shoot everyone you see= Big Thumbs Up (BTU I tell you what...)."
76561198055619745,Not Recommended,275200,31299104,Posted: 22 April,all,GAGETHEPYRO,"Fun game with a good premise, but poorly optimized. A few minutes after getting trapped in a game breaking glitch where I could not escape from an enemy who kept tying me up but also couldnt be killed, the game crashed my Surface Book. I meet the minimum specs for the game, but it still took the whole system down. Buyer beware"
76561198114211615,Recommended,275200,31538331,Posted: 4 May,all,TheBurningSoul1,It's High Noon......
,Recommended,275200,26180659,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Polhack,One more year until RDR2?No problem.
,Recommended,275200,32077324,Posted: 30 May,all,Kyven,It's pretty good.
76561197994703250,Not Recommended,275200,28128821,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,rastilin,"The idea is great, but the execution is flawed. Enemies will use cutscene invincibility to maneouver for advantage while the game beats you over the head with how fighting to stop the villain from devastating the entire state makes you a bad person."
,Not Recommended,275200,20412333,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,fatputtycat,"Westerado: Double Barreled is pretty fun. It's definitly not worth $15 however, so wait for a BIG sale. It's a short experience, but it's still quite enjoyable, although not worth the price. The quests are more or less repetitive. You go somewhere, you kill someone. There are like 2 or 3 quests where you don't kill people, but you still use your gun. The combat is pretty neat though. If you get shot you lose a hat. Hats are like lives. You can have up to 3 hats. If you lose all of your hats you can die with a single bullet. I prefer Iron Man mode (you die, your dead) since it's probably the only true way to experience this game to the fullest.The game has a randomizer on the person who killed your family for ""replayabilty"" but that doesn't make it replayable at all. Your still doing the same quests, still going to the same places, it get's boring. I suppose if you wanted to you could play the second time around and shoot everyone in sight, but other than that it's not worth playing a second time.If the game ever drops somewhere like $5, it's worth a buy."
,Recommended,275200,15431208,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Feduje,8/10 Would bang.
,Recommended,275200,15572725,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Girthy Gumbolini,"This game is amazing. Adult Swim delivers yet another great game.Westerado is a Mystery/Action game wit ha great 2D combat system. They nailed the atmosphere of the game. The music is beyond amazing and perfectly fits the game. The story of the game is great, it's a murder mystery with a completely baffling twist ending.The point of the game is to do quest to find out what the murderer looks likes. Some quest involve just serving some good ol' western justice. Others involve helping a ghost. The game is short, only lasting about an hour at most. It has to be short becasue that's where the replayability comes in. each time you complete the game, the murderer switches to one of the hundreds of NPCs in the game. One time it could be a fat rich man, and the next it could be a skinny yellow bellied outlaw.The NPCs are all interactable. They have a reaction to almost anything you do. If you draw a weapon, they will match. If you pull the hammer they may very well shoot you, or it could be a quickdraw. You have the the choice of being an outlaw, by killing civilians or anyhting that moves, or you can be a justice seeking law bringer, seeking out the worst outlaws and wiping their mark off the face of the wild west.I do have a few nitpicks though.-There are only 4 weapons in the game.-The quest are the same each time around, (although you probably won't finish all of them on your first time around)Even with these, the game is still great. It's well worth the 15$ price. I highly reccomend this game and hope that anyone reading this will buy it."
,Not Recommended,275200,31311821,Posted: 22 April,all,saaya,"if you like text based RPGs you might like itreminds me of the treasures of monkey islandif you want some actual action and shooting, this isnt ittalk talk talk talkboring...not enough actionstory is much too slowquest journal is too basic, not intuitivemusic is awesome but gets boring quick, too repetitive"
76561197969703469,Not Recommended,275200,31236924,Posted: 19 April,all,mokono,Very basic funny game. I wouldn't spend 3 hours on it again though (:
,Recommended,275200,26214520,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Literally Need Help,Need another sequel please
,Recommended,275200,24467310,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Booze·geoi·sie,Now this is how you make an open world game. 10/10 would kill everyone again.
76561198287475338,Not Recommended,275200,31338304,Posted: 24 April,all,bunny de fluff,"This game saves at its own discretion. If you as the player cannot decide where to save your game but have to go to specific checkpoint to save, then I would not be so mad. But when a game gets to decide not only the place but also the ""time"" to save your game, and not letting you know whether your progress was saved or not, I called it total garbage. If this game had let players save their game properly whenever and wherever they want like a good gun blazing action rpg that it is then I would really recommend it. When the game designer use a saving mechanism like this, the game just turned into un-playable piece of cr_p immediately. Why would game designers still use this kind of game saving mechanism nowadays? It is absolutely unacceptable. Who would want to close the game, and open it later to find that they have to do the last long mission again because the game saves progress like this?"
,Recommended,275200,16292569,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,20 см в лежаке,1)ограбил банк2)знает весь город3) пытается тебя выебать и раздеть10/10
,Recommended,275200,25435030,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Dudullu,10/10 amazing non-linear gameplay experience.
76561198015172833,Not Recommended,275200,25214647,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,[alsowantasexyclantag]Zitrom,"It's a nice game, but not worth 10 of my loved bucks. For the price of a slice of pizza,i would recomend it, because it is not fun for much longer than you get out of the slice (if you concider the process of digesting pizza as fun). There are plenty of free games, that provide the same amount or even more fun. It's like an extended flash game, but not more."
76561198098445453,Not Recommended,275200,34191168,Posted: 12 August,all,Porter,"I was looking forward to a wild west game, but somehow I found it boring and never got me hooked."
,Not Recommended,275200,23564542,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,FoxClass,Very simple and short game - neat premise but doesn't deliver.
76561198034069619,Not Recommended,275200,21429597,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Internet Scallywag,SO expensive for the content ;(
,Not Recommended,275200,35024201,Posted: 17 September,all,THE SHARK,"Anyone who says this game is like Red Dead Redemption has never played Red Dead Redemption. That game was an indepth, interesting, emotional look at the west. This is a game where you shoot mans and do fetch quests. The graphics are fine. The sound is pretty weak, the songs are all pretty much the same. The gameplay is simplisitic and unengaging. I completed it in about 2 hours and tried to replay it, but it was pretty similar the second playthrough.Massively overhyped game."
,Recommended,275200,30733770,Posted: 25 March,all,pitbot,fun
76561198188578415,Not Recommended,275200,32681724,Posted: 23 June,all,wftoland,"After putting a ton of hours into this game, I realized that it just falls short from being a good game. The saves are terrible, so once you make a mistake in the game, it basically punishes you and you can't go back to try a different scenario a second time. That I did not like one bit and it could have been resolved by being able to copy a save file, which most games do today. This also makes side quests easy to fail and you are not allowed a second chance to perform it correctly, so spend an hour on a side quest for nothing in return if you fail. Not cool. If you don't mind any of those complaints, then I think you will enjoy it, but that really burned my patience and made the game unenjoyable from just that standpoint alone."
76561198256090454,Recommended,275200,26151675,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Heckyou,It's a worth the $6 sale...
,Recommended,275200,15424071,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,The Red Menace,i shot my uncle and he became a ghostspooky/10
,Recommended,275200,26147622,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Vash The Stampede,"I wouldn't say it's worth 15 because it's a two hour long game, but it's worth 5, and that's what I got it for. :^)"
76561198351016147,Not Recommended,275200,31228454,Posted: 18 April,all,CHUNK,"The quests and questmarkers are difficult to follow and the combat is unexciting and frustrating although it isn't that difficult once you get used to it. The soundtrack gets very annoying very fast. The pixel graphics are pretty cool however. Not a bad game, but there are vast sums of better games that are free to play. Conclusively, not terrible, but not really worthwhile either."
,Not Recommended,275200,32381611,Posted: 12 June,all,Gunmetal Buffalo,"Fought my way through two and a half hours of a side-scrolling Western, jumped by failed quests all along the way. Surprise! Everyone's killing each other, nothing you can do, failed this, failed that. Great.So ♥♥♥♥ the side quests, I've tracked down my guy. Instantly shot, lose a hat. Great, let's just jump into the climax with 2/3 health.Manage to perfectly shoot my way all the way through the chase sequence, enter the boss fight with three hats.Get triple-shot by a shotgun fired three times as fast as normal shotguns, by an enemy twice as fast as all the others, in a tiny little box arena.♥♥♥♥. THAT.0/10, I don't care how it ends."
,Recommended,275200,15413958,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Iron,'s pretty gut
,Recommended,275200,15405899,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Humperdinck,Made the game crash by shooting every single person i saw.10/10 would crash again!
,Not Recommended,275200,23013077,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Uncanny Valet,"Concept is fun, combat is terrible."
,Recommended,275200,25609125,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Cap'n Saltybeard,Cowboy Simulator 2016
,Not Recommended,275200,26165618,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,The-Epic-Giraffe (BE),This game has no ''load game'' option so if you screw up a quest you can't play that quest again. i have to make a new game over and over again !
,Not Recommended,275200,31328398,Posted: 23 April,all,Kamiyama,"This isn't worth the sale price of $3, let alone the full price."
76561198002496944,Not Recommended,275200,16944099,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,The Sad Batman,"I really want to play this game but, whenever i go through to a new area the screen goes black and it say ,'' An unknown error has occurd, sorry for the inconvenience.''I don't know if anyone else has had this problem but i really want to play this game and I'm disappionted with the amount of bugs in it. it looks like an awesome game."
76561198006566211,Recommended,275200,26016087,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,El Jefe,Highly recommended!
76561198001722133,Not Recommended,275200,31276054,Posted: 21 April,all,EvilWopper,"Playing this on a 27"" screen is a huge pain for my eyes. There's windowed mode but I don't want to see desktop. The devs should have added letterbox mode. That's a major design flaw.No save games? Really? This belongs to the trash can."
76561197964406097,Not Recommended,275200,15549579,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,The Old Man,"Well, this was actually a tough one. I did enjoy the game while it lasted but it is way to short in my opinion and the replayability isn't that good. You unlock a new char after a playthrough but I did't feel like the ""decisions"" in this game had such a huge impact.  Another reason why I'm not recommending this for the current price of 15€ is that it becomes way too easy after you get used to the guns. At first I thought this game was incredibly hard but after 30min or so there was hardly an encounter where I was really in danger.If this game is on sale for 5-7€ take it, until then I'll say it's better to be patient."
76561197994594220,Not Recommended,275200,16997889,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Ozyma,Crashes steam every time it's opened. So yeah.
76561198045042616,Recommended,275200,34151744,Posted: 10 August,all,Herr Führer,Hitler approves
,Not Recommended,275200,16423717,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Geofferic,"Dev has no clue what's wrong, but apparently gaming laptops are just not properly supported.  Dev rather humorously blames power management software that's not even enabled on my Qosmio.No idea if the game is any fun, as 5 fps certainly is not."
,Not Recommended,275200,31241587,Posted: 19 April,all,Frosty,borning
76561198079796351,Not Recommended,275200,15692489,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Crawl,"Well i want to say i like the game. But i cant, its unplayable. I open the game, hear the music and.... nothing. if i hover over the game on my taskbar i can see it load up the menu screen, but it wont actually be visable or playable."
76561198083197622,Not Recommended,275200,15812665,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Possessed2Sk8,what a dumb gamedont buy this game i thought it would be kind of cool but it is so slow and boring and the fighting system is so terrible and random. a  bag game thank for nothing Westerado
,Not Recommended,275200,15425366,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,SpitefulFox,"Combat is frustratingly awkward and clunky.  You are only capable of shooting horizontally, with a VERY narrow hitbox to hit enemies and only three hit points, each of which costs $50 in-game to refill."
,Recommended,275200,18013312,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Internalized Oppression,"This is basically if Red Dead Redemption was made in 1993. The plot is simple. Your character comes back to find that his ranch has been burnt to the ground, his mother killed, and brother on his dying breathe. You are given a clue about your families killer and sent off to avenge them. You explore an open western world helping people, and gunning down a couple cowboys and indians along the way in the hope of gathering enough evidence to identify your killer out of the many characters in the world. Every playthrough you are looking for a new killer. The gameplay is addicting, it has a beautiful western soundtrack to accompany the beautiful pixel art. The gameplay is easy to understand but still challanging. I'm on my first playthrough and I can tell this is going to be something I visit many times over."
,Recommended,275200,17511518,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Grizzly,"What little playtime this game offers is truly brilliant. To end this review on a high note, I'll get through the negative parts first.To start, this game is NOT worth 15 euro. If Westerado is on sale, go ahead and buy it. If you like the sound of it after what this review tells you, go and buy it. If you're looking for a long experience and you don't have much money to spend, I'd say that Westerado isn't for you.That being said, the game has an unfortunately short playtime. Start to finish with a few of the sidequests in between lasts you about 2-3 hours. That being said, exploring around, interacting with the NPCs and truly doing everything that the game has to offer will last you an extra 2-3 hours on top of the original playtime. Altogether, you can get a truly immersive 6 hours of entertainment from this game in total. Unfortunately little.That's about it for the negative side, other than one tiny bug that really didn't affect gameplay at all. Instead of my money displaying in the money GUI, it displayed below it. Any money that I picked up went into the money GUI with the total amount I had before banking it being below the GUI, saying ""+X"", X being the money I was carrying at the time. It didn't affect gameplay, it was just like normal. Forget about it. Now, moving on to the good part.This game is oddly immersive. I blame the soundtrack. Listening to that beautiful opening theme and then hearing it again in certain other areas, it almost made me proud of my character at the end, despite the fact he was a murderous ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ (In my defense, they all fired first. The fact that I pointed and cocked a gun at their face is beside the point)Next up, the game offers quite a lot of freedom to do things however you want to. Do you have to convince someone to deliever his buffalo to an army fortress? Well, you can do a little job for him and then help to defend the buffalo from bandits like an upstanding citizen, or you can threaten him at gunpoint and force him to deliver them. This goes for pretty much every quest in the game. You can be forceful and violent to get what you want, or you can actually be a helpful citizen.Next up, the whole system of finding ""The Murderer"" the main antagonist, is pretty fun. It can just appear out of nowhere, that guy you've been hunting for the last two hours. You might suddenly stumble upon someone who resembles him and then realize ""Wait, that couldn't be... the murderer?"". Not only do you have to constantly match people with his description and generally keep an eye out for him, but you've gotta go on a big quest for information, narrowing down potential suspects until you can find and accuse the right person.The shooting mechanics in this game are oddly satisfying. Although they only work on a 2D Plane and you can only shoot in straight lines, it's pretty suspenseful. Buying new weapons and using them keeps the experience fresh and interesting along the way.The game also has a small open world. You can go across the entire map back and forth in about two minutes, but with all the quests, NPCs and other distractions throughout the world, you'll stray from the main quest and end up spending three to four hours at the game anyway.Basically, if you've got some money to spare and want to experience an interesting story and a 2D Red Dead Redemption with all the traditional Wild West activites, get this game."
,Recommended,275200,18052701,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,ERROR: 404,is good
76561198030812107,Recommended,275200,18245742,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Allan,"If you like retro games and spaghetti westerns, then you'll enjoy spending a few hours in Westerado. The 2d gunfight mechanics are novel though not deep, there's a decent amount of map to explore, and between the branching quests and multiple endings you'll probably play through a couple of times at least.The main downside is that even if you play through a few times the game isn't very long and unless you have strong completionist tendencies you probably aren't going to be motivated to play through a fifth or sixth time just to see the few story paths you haven't tried yet. I would suggest waiting for it to go on sale if you want good value per hour played."
76561198132480699,Recommended,275200,17495426,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,sirjoethecool,I can't stop whistling the theme! HALP!
76561198106161917,Recommended,275200,18232607,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Tom,BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,275200,18323238,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,AcidxxRayne,Way Of The Samurai: Desperado Edition
,Recommended,275200,17759866,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,お前はもう死んでいる,"Long story short: Wow. ♥♥♥♥ing beautiful. Best game in years.This game feels like art to me. Mostly because of the music. The intro scene when the music ramps up and the hero is chasing bulls made me smile because it's so beautiful. Even the death scene is so beautiful with the grave and the hat and the scarf and... the music.Besides me being addicted to this for the music, the game has something that the games that have it become annoying for it. That being that the game forces you to do side quests because you can't just find the murderer with one clue.Anyways, this goes in the top 5 or 10 of best game i have ever played. I just don't like the fact that after you finish the game you can't play the game after the deed is done, when you load the game it loads before the murderer dies."
,Recommended,275200,18705970,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,unquietwiki [Reddit],"Reminds me a lot of the Chrono Trigger / Earthbound kind of RPGs one would play in the 90s. Except funnier, and more random."
76561198056606914,Recommended,275200,18738251,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Mettaray,"Soooo currently its almost 2:00 am and I finally was able to get 100% of the achievments completed over a week long period (totalling about 24 hours) so you could say this game is just super amazing.The graphics are very well done and the soundtrack is also spectacular. The hidden secrets of the game are great as well, and it goes along well with the humor of the game.Another amazing aspect of the game is the replay value; every time you play its a different experience.If you like shooting guns, wearing hats, playing poker, getting money, catching buffalo, and solving murder mysteries, then ths is definetly a game you should try out."
76561198072702530,Recommended,275200,18836295,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Mendi,"Awesome! who love pixel and adventure games, this is a first choise. Red Dead Redemption is for boys, real men play Westerado: Double Barreled"
76561197992453705,Recommended,275200,18820987,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,--LaKasaflark,It's really good. I just hope the sequel will have gold mining... ;)
,Recommended,275200,18360162,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Enzime,awesome - buy it
76561198048871026,Recommended,275200,18417747,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,ProSkerbingMovie,"This is a very fun game, whether you're looking for a small game to occasionally boot up and mess around in, or a reasonably difficult game to sink a week or two of your life I reccomend Westerado. Essentially, you wander around the west dodging bullets and shooting the hats off of enemies. The main aspect of the gameplay is drawing your gun, cocking it and then shooting it. You can draw and shoot whenever and whoever you like, whether that be the murderer that killed your family, a bandit who's hideout you've stumbled into, the town Sheriff or even your own Uncle's ghost. It's perfect for all your serial killing needs.My only real issue with this game is how once you kill all the badits the map becomes a barren wasteland, and you can easily complete the main storyline within 10 minutes. Fortunately, the game is littered with sidequests and areas, and it will take a good few hours to fully explore every inch of the map. (I still haven't gotten EVERYWHERE).Overall it's a very fun game to just boot up and play, with simple to learn controls. it has a ton of achievements for the perfectionists of the world, with a high amount of replay value. Also, you can walk into a rancher's farm, set all of his buffalo free, shoot his wife and generaly ruin his life and career forever, so that's fun. (I recommend not doing this in your first playthrough though, ranchers have all the information in the world when it comes to your family's killer)"
76561198091955922,Recommended,275200,18641350,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,_=STRYKER=_,"Great story and gameplay. Worth the price, I feel like a bandit for buying it on sale, it is worth diamonds.-Rememberable, funny, action packed, challenging and most of all FUN.-Story is single player - Randomly generated elements when starting a new game. Local co-op available too.-Motivation drives you forward whilst the characters and world itself makes each step worth it.-Nice touch that you can customize your looks and arms (by arms I mean guns - though *guns* aren't your only choice).-Framerate drop occasionally HOWEVER consider I played on my 2003 Dell laptop - slowdown allowed me to enjoy the music better.-Needs controllers for Local co-op, controllers connected to PC works.-Can have up to 3 different games going on at once.Buy it. Play it.Revenge awaits in the west."
,Recommended,275200,18671868,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,IemDumm,I murdered everyone.Then the director of the game attacked me.
76561198168972440,Recommended,275200,18628388,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,hensoncarter,love this game never loved a pixel game so much but it wouldve been alot better and im sure i speak for Alot of people when i say that the character model shouldve been like the flash version nobody likes that weird little strip on the heros face no one its okay to see it on other people but the heros supposed to be cooooollll this is really petty and desperate but pleaseeeee adultswim update it and make the character model for the hero like the old flash game model i know you wont do it but its worth a shot anyway nothin ventured nothin gained
,Recommended,275200,18634589,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Old,"This game here is an example of how everyone should do good western games for pc.- simple , but interesting shooting - Check W- basic story of revenge , conected with what you doing allway through whole game - Check W- lots of fun, killing people and winning in poker game - Check W"
76561198066417861,Recommended,275200,16497873,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,When am I supposed to blossom?,"The game is great. I don't recommend you buy it unless it is on sale though, as it is VERY overpriced. I've done a huge part of the game content within 3.6 hours. Great game! Not worth that price at all though, don't get me wrong, I know devs have bills to pay... but this is definetely overpriced."
,Recommended,275200,18660564,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Mark Cuckerberg,"Really enjoyed my time with Westerado. You play as a gunslinger in a wild western narrative driven by hilarious tropes and a thirst for vengeance. The game has a self-awareness that's refreshing nowadays. Another quality product from Adult Swim Games. If you liked Jazzpunk's sense of humor, this game is right down your alley."
76561197966573723,Recommended,275200,18673804,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,sausages,"The mechanic of the main quest, which is the hunt for the murderder, is amazing where you perform quests and obtain little bit of information for every other quests you have finished. While failing those side quests aren't fatal and just slow you down to find information for the main quest, some have consequences and affect the quest givers or related personnel.As such I think the game story planning is great for such a small size/price game."
76561198081161043,Recommended,275200,18673088,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,TheEmeraldDE,"First of all, ah would recommend Westerado at half price. Ah don' think it's worth the full amount, but if you can get it on sale, you have a nice little game to play.Story - 7/10 - Yer family gets killed by a person, and you have to go kill that person. The story does make you want to play, but it ain't too original. The cool thing about it is that the person that killed your family changes every time, so you ain't gonna know who the killer is ferever.Graphics - 7/10 - Nothin' to write home bout'. It looks fine, and there ain't any glitches in animation as far as ah can tell, but somethin' feels a little lackluster bout' it. It ain't gonna fect' the gameplay though.Gameplay - 9/10 - The gameplay is very simple. There are 3 parts of the game. Movin', Shootin' and Talkin'.Movin' - You move round'. This is bearable cause' you has a run button and there's an open world to explore, even though the world ain't very big.Shootin' - You shoot people. The Combat is fun cause' there are multiple weapons to use, but you can only shoot left er' right, which is a weird design choice.Talkin' - You talk to people. Most of the time you will do one of 3 things. Help, Ignore, or Threaten. You can git missions and sist' people with jobs or be a little varmint and walk away. The fun things that you can do are accusin' people of murderin' yer family or pull out a gun and have the option to shoot em'. Pullin' out your gun may lead you to new dialougue options, but'll get you into a gunfight 50% of the time. It's yer choice!Overall - 8/10 - Westerado's a nice little game that doesn't last too long, but it packs punch, like ah shotgun to the hat.(P.S. NO OFFENSE IS MEANT TOWARDS ANYONE WITH A WESTERN ACCENT! IT JUST FITS THE THEME!)"
76561198055563630,Recommended,275200,18695010,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,gamblingdementor,"I was skeptical but reviews convinced me to give this game a try and BOY WAS I NOT DISAPPOINTED! This is really really good. The gameplay is simple yet engaging, the story is great, the open world is rewarding and immersive, the music is amazing. Love this game."
76561198002494538,Recommended,275200,18699877,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Cuddrow,"Short but solid, the atmosphere is that of a real western action movie. Recommended."
76561198002672444,Not Recommended,275200,18701305,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Javolenus,"The music and art style is great. But the clunky combat controls are preventing me from finishing the game, and after many frustrating failed attempts  to complete the final series of shootouts I have given up.  If I could just recommend the music & graphics I would, but as a complete ""game"" I just can't. Shame."
76561198050776986,Recommended,275200,18722206,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,im a gay 40 yr old virgin,"Got a job with the army and took all money for other people. Gambled it.Collected money from ranchers for someone else, gambled it.Got a girlfreind and gambled away all her money to buy a house, then killed her and her ex husband.10/10 would become gambling addict again"
76561198006773157,Recommended,275200,18810271,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,darwinian~nightmare,"♥♥♥♥ you, Endboss, and you endless yapping and ♥♥♥♥ you, hats.Other than that, fun."
,Recommended,275200,16425903,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Lil Scrafty Vert,The closest we'll ever get to Red Dead Redemption on PC.
,Recommended,275200,15892647,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,AMCHEC,"So much for being a flash game! An awesome, extremely fun, beautifully made western adventure! Great pixel art and earnestly funny dialogue make this game a blast. Not to mention the cool combat mechanics. You actually have to♥♥♥♥♥♥the gun before you shoot. Once you finish it there is limited replayability, but potentially not as much as it claims.9/10 you can't just shoot the gun, but you can have unlimited bullets"
,Recommended,275200,15966965,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Beckett,"A wild west murder mystery...explore, shoot, kill."
,Recommended,275200,15548284,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,THE8THDIMENSION,"I spent many a time playin' them silly city folk games like CS:GO, Garry's Mod and the like. Well partner this game is 5 pesos above the rest. Ya heard me right ya yella bellied flat lander. I reckon you ain't never played a game similar to this yer life. Now give it a try an tell em THE8THDIMENSION sent ya. Otherwise yer prolly dumber than a bag of bricks.10/10 would buy again.P.S. No offense to bricks."
,Recommended,275200,15552141,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Duraldo,"Pretty fun game, and challenging. It has some rouge- lite elements, in terms of ""who"" did it, so there is some extended replay value. Getting to the end isn't difficult, or takes long, all it takes it finding the guy who did it and chasing him. If you're looking for a game that doesn't force you to go from point A to B, and  DONT YOU DARE LOOK AT points C, D, E, F, and Я!Yeehaw/10!"
76561198090488278,Recommended,275200,15553787,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,KingofBlades113,Well there is east clintwood 10/10
76561198051261534,Recommended,275200,15591712,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,golgotha07,Awesome game!
,Recommended,275200,15592527,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Spooky Skeleton,my god this game... so much fun i had homework at 4 oclock on sunday... 10 hours later i finished game
,Recommended,275200,15672868,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Ashley,10/10Would kill everyone I saw again
76561198045060122,Recommended,275200,15677844,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,nsintros,10/10 would play for the rest of my life
,Recommended,275200,15678665,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,FilthyC4su4l,"This open world action/adventure game allows you to play poker, shoot bottles, and make hats with lovely ladies. What more do you want?My video about the game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GCnI53BP5CY"
,Recommended,275200,15781609,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,drunkchan,"Oh Westerado, let me count the ways in which I love you...1) Your charming pixels2) Your catchy soundtrack3) Your diologue is funny yet western true4) Was I suppose to kill him? Ah...matters little now.5) She made me believe she loved me then laughed at me after spending the night with me. So I killed her. ♥♥♥♥♥ had it coming."
76561198182550183,Recommended,275200,15806988,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,DirtyDan,Westerado is a great game for action fights and more. Do many difficult missions that have there rewards.
,Recommended,275200,15866518,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,linkm9,"Let's start with the good:The game is fun, and it sets the Western tone really well. The combat is simple, yet can be challenging.The Bad:It's too expensive. It should be max $10. It's a short game, and replayability isn't that good.If you have money to spend, and are looking for some quick fun, then this game is certainly for you."
76561198077446752,Recommended,275200,15837386,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Malcolm F. Tucker,"This game is so fun and compelling to play! It is smooth, colourful and a soothing open-world experience. The genuine wit and humour that this game applies is very funny... With all of these factors combined, Westerado: Double Barreled is a definite purchase that simply is a must have!"
,Recommended,275200,15915362,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Doc_,THIS GAME IS AMAZING!!!!1
,Recommended,275200,15695635,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Kei-chan,"Way of the Samurai in the old west, right down to being able to show your gun, or straight-up shoot someone during dialogue. Unlike WotS, however, you're not free to just do whatever and leave whenever you like, though you can easily break the storyline and just murder everyone if you so choose. There seem to be a number of scripted events that can occur in reaction to your behavior, in lieu of following the main storyline, but it doesn't really address the fact that once you break the storyline, there's no real way to ""finish"" the game in many circumstances, the way that you can choose to just leave town in WotS. The game doesn't seem to have a ""New Game +"" state, however, so maybe it doesn't matter whether or not you can ""complete"" it; completing the game simply leaves that file permanently loading just before the final battle, requiring you to start a new game in a new slot to access your unlocked characters and the like, or else delete the original file.Combat interestingly requires you to♥♥♥♥♥♥your gun before each shot, and manually reload each bullet, but still manages to be INCREDIBLY easy. Often what will kill you will be battles that drag out over an incredibly lengthy series of areas, terribly cramped rooms with no space to maneuver, or wild animals, who take one life just by touching you.Unfortunately, the ""randomly generated killer"" that the game boasts seems to always be a generic, nameless NPC that wanders around one of the two towns, rather than one of the named characters with actual dialogue and characterization.Worth picking up, though considering the 2-3 hour length, and that I saw most of the game's content in a single 2.5 hour playthrough, maybe not for $15.Has an unexpectedly excellent soundtrack that, while unavailable for sale through Steam, can be picked up at the artist's bandcamp:https://samvanlonkhuyzen.bandcamp.com/album/westerado-double-barreled-ost"
76561198171111173,Recommended,275200,15619979,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,ObiHan Skyodi,Really amazing game with a surprising number of possible storylines. I've already played through twice and I'm still discovering new characters/areas/quests.The simple idea of being able to kill any person in the game is so satisfying and really gives this game an infinite replayability.
76561198047249585,Recommended,275200,15620710,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Insert Coin(s),Another game with adult swim awesome juice poured onto it to make it even more deliciously awesome.
,Recommended,275200,15648485,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Dirt Nap Deliverer Dengar,"Where's the ""Buy Soundtrack"" button? Because I'd press that 'bout 500 times."
76561198102935474,Recommended,275200,15663016,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Slibber,"I absolutely adore this game. So simple, yet it's so involving. Fans of player choice and / or spaghetti westerns must get."
76561198115812513,Recommended,275200,15663878,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,King Skywhale,I bought this game 7 hours ago. I have played it ever since and im only taking a break because i have to eat. This game is amazing and addicting
76561198166915324,Recommended,275200,15520864,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,PNutMD,this game is a lot of fun...but i suck at it
76561198014860773,Recommended,275200,15521869,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Outside Out,"I hesitated for a day or two before buying Westerado thinking maybe I would wait out a sale down the road, but having enjoyed some of Adult Swim's other games and being enticed by the great western-style pixel art, I decided to pick it up and haven't regretted it one bit. It's a fast-paced, casual free-roaming shooter in which you avenge your family and help (or shoot) anyone you want along the way. The game draws some criticism for the short playthrough duration, but it's built around replayability, with many quests being mutually exclusive. Think tiny pixel Red Dead Redemption with a splash of Fallout-style world interaction. Gunfights are quick and simple, but still feel satisfying. Saving is done automatically (seemingly on screen transitions), making some mistakes permanent, but that just leads us back to the replayability. The presentation is well-polished; the jokes are good, the music is varied and enjoyable, the interface is quick and smooth. Spiced up with side quests, bounties, and co-op, Westerado is a solid choice for some light-hearted retro gunslingin'."
76561198074931915,Recommended,275200,15524499,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Magic,Awesome game the thing is there's not that much to do :/ when you complete the main Questline you're pretty much done but other than that its rly fun :D
,Recommended,275200,15523817,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,marrioman13,"Honestly, my favourite game on steam. I can't quite put my finger on it, but this game clicks with me on a basic level.well, maybe I can...You shoot guys, you help the Indians (or the dirty US Army), get a bit of cash along the way. I couldn't help but RP a it as I went alongTruly, the icing on this beautiful cake is the soundtrack, my word, it is simply breathtakingly fitting.10/10 A truly enjoyable experience, with a lot of replayability (4 characters to choose from)."
,Recommended,275200,15514194,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,jaymonies,Spiritual successor to the Red Dead series.
76561198145689229,Recommended,275200,15520022,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Raptar,Great game with almost endless gameplay ! I had a lot of fun  playing it.
76561198063889115,Recommended,275200,15467969,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,djbenji55,great
76561198059126562,Recommended,275200,15468523,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,chaos,Epic game.
,Recommended,275200,15509212,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,takua108,"Law of the Westmeets A Link to the Past.Every choice is a moral choice. Aside from amount of money you currently carry, the game contains no numbers, yet it's the most deep, open-ended role-playing video game I've ever played.The music is fantastic. My only gripe with the game at all: some of the music tracks don't quite loop properly.★★★★☆"
,Recommended,275200,15512091,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,SunKing,"Ostrich Banditos, I expect better from you. I love this game. You're going to need to put a checkpoint once you get past part of the boss level, just before I get on the horses. A checkpoint right there, would be not missed,"
76561198155826359,Recommended,275200,15448152,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,The Joker,awesome game itsso fun i mostly just go around town shootinh peeps but eh five stars
,Recommended,275200,15449766,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,C Y B E R M E L,"Got an achievement called ""I shot a sheriff"" by shooting a sheriff10/10"
,Recommended,275200,15972996,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Soul,"Westerado: DB is the remake of the 2013 flash game from adult swim.And damn is it good.It is always compared to Red Dead Redemption, but since I've never played RDD, I'll just say its an old west Skyrim with a dash of TF2.Also, the ending is great. Not gonna spoil it, but its great."
76561198069961240,Recommended,275200,15975508,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,chedderd,"I love this game soooo much,  I it all the time and even after playing it for a while i still seem to find things to do, i love the freedom of the game because in most games if you cant kill an important character but in this game you can basically do whatever you want. i love this game."
,Recommended,275200,16053764,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,VEGIE_MAN,'16-bit-cant-move-in-a-diagonal-direction-spaghetti-western-shoot-em-up' em up. Also amazing
,Recommended,275200,15560201,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,DUNTUCHDUHCRANK,"This game is pretty fantastic.The story is enticing, and while most of the game is spent on sidequests, you can find yourself deeply engaged and focused on completing them. The pixel art in this game is fantastic, the artist did their best work right here, and you can see it in all the little details. I personally love most of the soundtrack, fitting the western setting with ease. The only gripe I have with the game is the combat, which is lackluster, and the length-for-price. I beat the game the first time through in about forty-five minutes or so, and the rest of the play time was me playing through and exploring the land. The game is totally worth the money if it's on a Steam sale, but not for it's current price tag.Full Review? ------>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=14XL1-V5Yt8&index=1&list=PLvEdq1kr0E6aB1BDiOBAdrIymgzn4aCZB"
,Recommended,275200,15569655,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Em Nein,"This game is actually awesome. It's Pokemon without the Pokemon and a pixelated Skyrim with guns. I've only playd a little, and I really enjoyed it."
,Recommended,275200,15574732,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,ShadowRFox,"I haven't had this much fun playing a western game since Red Dead Redemption. Westerado: Double Barreled is a game about getting revenge on the bandit that burned down your home and murdered your family. The game thrust you into the west with nothing more than a hat and revolver and tell you find killer.You must go through out the west completing quests for various people to get enough information to successfully identify the killer. The killer is random NPC, so his appearance change every playthrough. You can kill anyone in the game, so if you choose to just go on a rampage till you get the right one that could be an option. The missions can range from protecting a herd of buffalo, working with natives to take on the rangers, or clearing out a cave full of bandits. The combat allow you to shoot in either the left or right direction and you can move up and down to avoid gun fire. Hats are the system health system. The more hats you have the more hits can take, but once you run out the next hit will be fatal.This game sound and feel like a western. It got so many winks and nods to westerns, there no way I could get through them all. Heck the main town is name Clintville, and they even manage to throw in a Doctor Who reference. But I digress. The game set the mood as western film, and with the game being an open sandbox you can really explore the west. Also the soundtrack is just amazing, never had I wish to download a OST as much as with this game.Once the game have been completed under certain conditions you can unlock up to 3 additional characters, all with their own unique play style. Combine this with the fact that you can buy guns in games, along with clothes, and a house and well let just say you can get a lot of mileage out this game.Honestly I like the western setting in game and feel it an underrated genre. Westerado fulfill my need for a western game and let me choose whether I can be the lone hero of the west or a mass murderer killing everyone till I get my revenge."
76561198119337654,Recommended,275200,33208346,Posted: 3 July,all,Parkreiner,Short and sweet game.
,Recommended,275200,29259301,Posted: 14 January,all,Whistleblower,"First playthrough of Westerado:>Go to town>Do a couple quests>Break a bounty>Complete a bounty>Murder a bunch of bandits>Become feared by bandits>Halfway through buying house for Ms. Tress when WOAH IT'S THE MURDERER>Slap that ♥♥♥♥♥ with bullets>2 hourswell let's try that againSecond playthrough:>Go to town>Do a few quests>Break another bounty>Do some train business>WOAH IT'S THE MURDERER SLAP HIM WITH BULLETS>Less then 1 hour>Swift Luke Skywalking JusticehrrrrrrrrnActual Review:Westerado's a game where you go around shooting bandits and finding clues as to who slapped your ranch, mother, and brother with fire and bullets. Everything about the murderer is random; from his look, to his allegiances, hell, he can even be your pops. Now that's freaky.The game world isn't too big, but it's fun to explore and filled with personality. However, the game can be incredibly short, especially when one character gives you a metric ♥♥♥♥ ton of clues in one go. This is one game I wouldn't mind having some padding, frankly. Hell, each time I've played the game I've killed the murderer before I even bought a second revolver! Shame.Since I wrote this review, I've unlocked the other two characters. Hero is totally standard. He starts off with 3 hats and a revolver, and can take 4 hits before death with full hats. Brother is different; he starts with a revolver AND dual revolvers (which I didn't even realize until I tried to buy the dual revolvers from the general store, that was embarassing) and he can't wear hats. He's basically the ""What you thought this game was going to be when you bought it"" character. Sister and Indian are basically different looking Hero-s with different weapons (Sister has a shotgun and revolver, Indian has like a tomahawk or something).The combat is...unusual. You and enemies can only fire horizontally; no diagonals or verticals here. I can understand why they wouldn't let you shoot diagonally, but I feel like if they let you shoot vertically it could make the combat even better; then again, the final boss basically hinges on the fact that you can only shoot horizontally, so...yeah. The AI is decent enough, but it's really easy to trick them by camping near a transition...zone...thing...and killing them all there. I used this tactic a lot against groups simply because I found it amusing how they couldn't follow me out of their area. But if you actually fight in the zone the combat is much more tense and entertaining.Also, if you kill enough bandits, those that are still alive will become absolutely terrified of you and won't shoot unless you do. It's a beautiful thing :,)Oh, also, all the controls are on the keyboard.tl;dr: westerado is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing and if you like twinstick shooters and rpgs you should totally play it"
76561198095978740,Recommended,275200,33448303,Posted: 10 July,all,Bloody Semen,Fun as heck
76561198130948719,Recommended,275200,32166901,Posted: 3 June,all,Gamboleer,"Worked well in Windows 10 with nVidia card, though it minimized itself to the task bar occasionally when played in full-screen mode.This game is like a turbo-charged western themed version of the old Atari 2600 game, Adventure, but instead of returning the goblet to your home castle, your task is to find out who murdered your family by assembling clues doled out as you complete tasks for townsfolk. The production values are fantastic (provided you're okay with the pixel graphics), but the game does have some twitch elements that have a learning curve. I found the twitchy bits a little too unforgiving, and stopped playing in favor of another game.Recommended on sale for $5, maybe a bit more for genre fans."
,Recommended,275200,33563241,Posted: 15 July,all,Occam's Razor,"A really fun six-shooter game where no two playthroughs are the same. Find your family's murderer by decent means or by pulling a gun on everyone you come across. It's difficult to get bored during a single playthrough of this game. My only criticisms are: 1) the rifle seems to be the best gun and easy to attain, making other weapons a bit pointless, and 2) you don't have to kill that many people until most bandits start cowering in fear of you. This can make certain bits of the game rather easy, though some shootouts towards the end can still be challenging. I wouldn't mind a bigger map and more unlockables, but other than that this game is worth the price tag."
,Recommended,275200,17675214,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Domarius,"Randomly generated like Yoda Stories, and lots to do - hunt down outlaws (have to identify them by their description), take on bandits, interesting side quests, and all while trying to identify the murderer of your family - which is randomly generated based on clothing combinations, and you can accuse any one any time as well, which also has it's implications.You'll find the combat mechanic is fun for 2D, for PvE (and there's a co-op mode??) everyone has ""hats"" and the more hats you buy, the more hits you can take, up to 3.  You have to pull out your gun,♥♥♥♥♥♥the hammer, then fire, so that makes some interesting gameplay where you want to♥♥♥♥♥♥the hammer as you move, so you can fire instantly.  And you reload bullets one at a time, so you can put in as many as you can before you need to fire again.Can aim your gun at anyone, even during conversation, and kill anyone - even ""quest"" characters - all it does is shoot yourself in the foot in terms of the gameplay, so this is what probably leads people to ""feeling like a bad♥♥♥♥♥quot; as they walk through town, because they're choosing not to kill anyone, I guess because most games don't give you that control.The whole game has a ""You made a mistake, now deal with it"" vibe, no going back on anything, which is pretty cool.  It's like Minecraft, it saves itself.  Kind of fits with the rugged ""wild west"" vibe.The pixel art style, coupled with the dialogue, and the high quality music makes me think someone dreamed this up like a kind of half awake dream, and because it's under ""Adult Swim Games"", they had the money to make it happen and do well."
,Recommended,275200,17866968,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,OG FrozzenFlame,Great fun with pals
,Recommended,275200,16604673,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,LeQuack,Shot absolutely everyone. Turns out that method in entirely valid.
76561198052112354,Recommended,275200,16635737,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Nyarlathotep,"Robbed a bank, fought my way out while the entire town tried to kill me, escaped into the desert, killed half a dozen outlaws and then got eaten by a random coyote.9/10 - Would play again."
,Recommended,275200,17577264,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,𝓹𝓾𝓵𝓼𝓮 𝔀𝓲𝓭𝓽𝓱,"It's like if the original Legend of Zelda was a spaghetti western. It has a really nice open-ended feeling to it, especially for a relatively compact retro-style game. If you like what you see on the store page, I can pretty much guarentee you'll love Westerado!"
,Recommended,275200,17559053,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,「Shini Sou 」,"Really great game, controls can be tricky but easily mastered, great soundtrack too."
,Recommended,275200,17526628,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,[COGS] Chaddledee,"This is game is incredible. It features many unique mechanics, a great aesthetic, side quests that don't suck, but the thing that really stands out to me is how well fleshed out the world is. The world is fairly large, varied and every single piece of it is there for a reason. The way the side quests tie together different characters and open up new opportunities feels organic and makes the world feel alive. Plus, it has local co-op! There is just so much going on in this game, so many little details, so much to do and all of it is incredibly well executed. Don't even think about it, just get it."
,Recommended,275200,17314308,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,mindwork,All the fun starts after you beat the game
76561198044429028,Recommended,275200,19019056,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,L@zy Rac00n,"Guns, buffalos, flying hats, sherrifs, harmonica, pretty ladies, money & revenge. 9/10"
,Recommended,275200,19301679,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Blackest Israelite of them all,♥♥♥♥♥cream was made from this
76561198050026565,Recommended,275200,19276808,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,bill_a99,great soundtrack. perfect for an RPG/ western fan.
76561198064580796,Recommended,275200,19509930,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Chodewick,Fun stuff
76561198062369107,Recommended,275200,19529323,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Dragonfly_Chaser,"Not quite what you might think it is going in, not quite the 'detective cowboy' the trailer might suggest. But very zany, some great parody elements of the Spaghetti western genre, with a simple but overall compelling narrative that fits its theme.It boils itself down to some simple elements to allow for a fair amount of diversity in how the paths can branch out. Unlike other games with a 'get quest' format, most missions will have some impact on the progression of the main storyline, so you can generally pick and choose what missions you want to pursue in order to reach the end goals, or complete them for their own merits. The main story is not really the meat of the game, but it's a satisfying chunk of narrative.The gameworld is possibly one of the most reactive and natural I've played in any game. For example, there are no 'essential characters' that you cannot kill. when characters die, they stay dead, which can have real consequences for completing the game, and there's little to no railroading in how you have to complete certain tasks. Heck, you could be like me and end up triggering the end mission by complete fluke whilst doing something else. Even the tutorial is short, sweet and gets you to grips with the gameplay quickly while providing the first part of the story.The soundtrack is delightfully western, but it can be a little too intense during times it shouldn't be. Walking around town should be a mellow track rather than the main theme playing in the background.Gameplay is unorthadox, but very engaging when you get a handle on it. It's fast paced, hectic and relies on both reaction times and quick thinking. I would say this game has the gameplay that best fits the style of the 'gunslinger'. Greater precision allows you to regain health ('health' in a matter of speaking, westerado again has appropriated the spaghetti western style with it's combat system) and the combat blends nicely into the mechanics of the rest of the game (for example, you can draw your gun at any time while speaking with an npc).Classic pixel style graphics, but the art is well realised and the animations are smooth and vibrant. Very consistent aesthetics.Overall, if you've wanted a short but satisfying & replayable experience that caters to the old-west fan in you, Westerado delivers a very solid punch of the classic spaghetti western, which stays true to its core themes in all aspects."
,Recommended,275200,19309667,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,petersharker,"One of the best games I've played in a very long time!It can be as short or long as you like depending on how hard you go after the villain.You can be a hero or an outlaw, rob the bank, kill the oil tycoon and side with the native americans. The choice is yours.And you can wear hats.Awesome!"
,Recommended,275200,15526863,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Lupus,"If you want an rpg indie wild west game with awesome music, this would be your game. 10/10!"
,Recommended,275200,20875960,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,that aint falco,One of the hardest things about this game is resisting the temptation to kill everyone you see.
,Recommended,275200,17697232,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,All American Bad Boy,"Excellent game, great gameplay, very open ended and detailed. Worth the purchase."
,Recommended,275200,21185266,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Canman,"I really enjoyed it. I wouldn't replay it, so if you think the price is right for about 4-5 hours of gameplay, I highly recommend spending an evening with this one."
76561198148817511,Recommended,275200,21556161,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,acowname,"-Find nice couple-Shoot them-Find town-Shoot them-Find another town-Shoot them-Director comes out-Makes me fight a bunch of guys-Shoot them-Woman comes out with shotgun-Die10/10, would anti social again."
,Recommended,275200,21479445,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,MatrixJohnasen,This game gave me Carpal Tunnel syndrome.10/10
,Recommended,275200,16814006,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Dingle Dong,Freaking Awesome. Just Fun. You Can Replay Lots And Lots Of Times And Pull Out A Gun Mid Conversation. So Very AMAZING!!!
,Recommended,275200,21065286,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,PrestonRequiresAssistance,"First Run: A lady asked me to bring home her drunk husband. I shot him by accidentSecond Run: Sheriff asked me to help Rancher Bob. I helped him bring his buffalo to the fort then shot him by accident.Third Run: Shot my uncle by accident.Fourth Run: Shot so many bandits, they came to fear me. I finished the game this time. Turns out I'm the murderer. WTF.11/10 Would Play Sequel"
76561198026304114,Recommended,275200,20834649,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,ASSASSIN-StuntmanLee#777,"I have only played through the game once - but it was mighty fun. The shoot outs can become fairly frustrating at times - especially in the lead up to the final fight in the mountain hideout, but heela lot of fun. Dont know if I'd pay full price but definately pick up on sale for some quick fun!"
76561198085533153,Recommended,275200,20671269,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,"Spooky Balloonicorn, The Spook",You can shoot your beloved ones. 10/10
76561198009572139,Recommended,275200,20801136,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Jason,Fun little game to mess around in solo or hotseat with 1 friend. I love the gunplay mechanic and the artwork in particular.
,Recommended,275200,22563878,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,OnTheFull,"Simple, fun and a great passer of time. I love it."
76561198273736740,Recommended,275200,22698989,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,AbledSkate206,"Westerado is a great western retro indie game that is not given enough credit for its beautiful pixel art and its open world freedom. The game (for me) was only 4 hours long but not including all of the many missions that can be done thoughout the game which can make the game longer for other people.The game also has very fun gunplay when it comes to fighting enemies or robbing a store, I found it to be most enjoyable, some might not feel the same. But I found it to be difficult to find people that are needed to talk to to finish a mission and you are only given 4 hats (your lives) which makes it difficult for some people to defeat enemies. But other than that the game was very enjoyable to play and is worthy to be played for a second time.Score 8.75/10"
,Recommended,275200,22660308,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,FadeAway47,Looking for that special someone in a way that makes sense.
76561198037880599,Recommended,275200,21658285,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Spoo Hunter,This is a fun little retro-styled game with lots more to it than the basic premise of find your families killer. Throughly recommended to those who like basic games with plenty of depth that can run on lower spec machines.The soundtrack is also way cool and never gets stale.(http://samvanlonkhuyzen.bandcamp.com)
,Recommended,275200,21602955,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,indieplease,"Accused everyone of being a murderer, bought a lot of hats, had a lot of fun."
,Recommended,275200,20371936,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,"Beebos, The Games Clown","i ADORE this game, the gameplay feels amazing and it is an excellent western feeling adventure. its super satisfying to shoot people, and the world is so interesting and has some very unique quirks to it. i will keep coming back to play this again and again"
76561198069792279,Recommended,275200,20646500,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Mayo5,This game is fantastic and my gf actually enjoys watching me play. 9/10
,Recommended,275200,20519936,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Carrot Cat,"Absolutely gorgeous graphics, amazing gameplay and a beautiful soundtrack.(****) 8/10 etc."
,Recommended,275200,20531622,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Lazerlight32,9/10A really fun game with a nice soundtrack
,Recommended,275200,20526984,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Khael Max,If you like western and pixel graphics it's a mustAlso it has coop!
,Recommended,275200,20547374,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,SociableStream,Shot my borther in the first 5 minutes - 10/10
,Recommended,275200,20542526,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,TheRealJuralumin,"Playing with permadeath on I began my quest to find the man who killed my family. I fought tribes of Indians, drove herds of Buffalo across the western plains, toppled an Oil Tycoon and his corrupt organisation, got conscripted into the Union Army, started a saloon shootout, robbed a gun store, did a little bounty hunting, and had sex with the local Sheriff's wife.Eventually I tracked down the killer and chased him on horseback to a mountain hideout, after dodging scorpions and fighting through a mineshaft full of his goons, I met with him face to face on the mountain top for a final showdown...And then he killed me. Game Over. 10/10"
76561197971692688,Recommended,275200,20063951,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,[57th] Stilgar,"The most un-intuitive UI I have ever seen.Having to spend 10 minutes to decipher movement of the choices in the UI is awful.No mouse?(Use a controller, pahdner)That said...The game is great. There is enough of a storyline to keep you moving forward.But as a western sandbox, it is a wide open, do-as-you-will wild, wild west funhouse.The graphics are meh.Spelling is off, and you spend a lot of time reading text...I will guess they think it adds flavor.Having to line up shots on the vertical plane is really retro - This could easily be running on my C=64.Soundtrack is not bad at all. Not enough for the amount of time you will play, but that's par for the course."
76561198013741629,Recommended,275200,19981170,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Radiofloyd90,"Cool game, will definitely replay it again sometime. One of the better indie games out there."
76561197995898579,Recommended,275200,26566746,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,devantor,Nice little game! With many quests.
,Recommended,275200,26551455,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,kome360,What just happened.
,Recommended,275200,26380832,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Hobbsenstein,"Short, yet brilliant game with several cool endings, a fun flash-game combat sequence, and a good story. Completable even after killing literally everyone. Definitely worth a buy, especially when it's on sale."
,Recommended,275200,26225999,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,UnderTheRubble,Although this game is very short (2-3 Hours) it has loads of replayability and if you go for the achievements you will be playing for hours. I recommend you buy this when it's 40-50% off as I did. Music is great and really adds to the game. Gameplay was fun and enjoyable.Replayability:8/10Gameplay:8/10Graphics:9/10Sound/Music:10/10Content:7.5/10Overall: 42.5/50
,Recommended,275200,26739754,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,AMEN BROTHERRRRR,"Fantastic, wonderful game... Well worth the asking price! Dont just quit after you find the murderer, there is much more for you to find."
,Recommended,275200,26967981,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fichtenelch,"The best ""not Red Dead Redemption"" for the PC."
,Recommended,275200,26956889,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SLHH,"An astoundingly cool game with a lot of depth, the scale of experiences that Ostrich Banditos was able to create was really impressive. I feel like the freedom and the gunplay alone makes this a good game, but the conversations and clue finding add a little something extra. Well worth my time and money!- cool mechanics- really enjoyable gunplay- humorous conversation system- interesting progression and flow- lots of fun details to find"
,Recommended,275200,27026785,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nalon,"This game is not that long, but it is statisfying to play and complete.Abstract: You live on a ranch with your family and when one of your buffalo escapes you go after it, when you come back everytihng is burned to the ground. You vow to your brother to avenge them and kill the man who did it.There are multiple endings and you can find out clues in various ways, by helping bandits, Indians, Union soldiers, fixing the railroad, etc. This game is pretty good when it is on saleReccomended buy at < $ 7.50"
,Recommended,275200,16228577,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,✟turbo killer✟,a gaming gem where you really can do anything and the eye to detail really shows games can be art
,Recommended,275200,26183104,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Plokkum,"Great and relaxing game with no time pressure. Simple graphics, yet very satisfying. They say you can complete the game in two hours. But I'm too busy talking to every single character in the game. 3.5 hours in I'm not nearly done. Toffe game, fellas!"
76561198134811176,Recommended,275200,17695877,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Natoriouspig,Closest thing you'll get to Red Dead Redemption 2 in a long time.EDIT MADE ONE YEAR LATER: maybe not
76561198126691003,Recommended,275200,24042795,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Suicidal Lobster,I love this game and although it says that I spent only 77 minutes playing I have way more. The reason why is because I loved the flash version of this. This is an amazing game and expands upon the flash version of it. What im trying to say is that if you want to play a demo of this game go to here to play it.http://www.adultswim.com/games/web/westeradoI think that the payed for version is a lot better than the flash and is worth the $10 I payed for it.
76561198046414056,Recommended,275200,28643714,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,WrittenBackwrds,"A great game with a good story and quite a few subtle jokes. If my sixty-year old dad approves of this game, you should too."
,Recommended,275200,28578826,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Spookoboat 👻,"this game, hmm well to tell you its absolutly great. the story is pretty fun and hilarously the whole time, not a dull momment in this game. you can go from saving native americans to slautering the whole town. whats the thing i love the most about this game? that who ever you are talking to doesnt matter who, you can♥♥♥♥♥♥your gun mid dialog and ""pop a cap in their♥♥♥♥♥quot; any time you want, of corse you'd have a huge bounty on your head haha."
76561198117812126,Recommended,275200,15896217,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,The Boomstick Baron,"Nice and quaint little 2D game. The story is pretty generic, but the attention to detail is great. Lots of secrets hidden all over the place (Also, did I mention, ""more secrets?"" because there are MORE than lots of secrets hidden away that are great to discover). The music sounds nice, but I personally wouldn't listen to it very long, as it goes from nice to being slightly annoying after hearing it for over two hours straight. The graphics, though extremely simplistic, look great, and remind me of the GBA versions of Pokemans. I like the way the social interactions work in-game, and how so many of the characters are interconnected in different ways to each other. The gameplay mechanics (and controls), though slightly unorthodox, are great to use with a little practice. My only real complaint is the multiplayer (co-op if you're wondering, though friendly fire is possible). Apart from being able to help out in firefights, ""Player 2"" has a lot less ability to do stuff than player one. Player 2 can't open dialogues, and nor can he/she go very far from player one (They need to be in the same region, and only player one can move the camera to different places). Besides Player 2's inability to do anything of great use, however, this is a great play for anybody who's even remotely human. If you're the sort of person who'd spend ten dollars on a game like goat simulator for two hours of fun, $15 is well worth paying for for a few playthroughs of Westerado: DB.Summary: Great game, r8 8/8, And, because it's not CoD, 10/10.Additionally, Linux support would be nice."
,Recommended,275200,27578353,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Derek,"A fun western-themed murder mystery game. It has a sort of rogue-like element to it in that the villain changes every game. There are side quests that can help you by giving clues to the identity of the villain, and money to buy different guns. Plenty of different ways to go about solving the crime, different allies to make, and varying choices."
,Recommended,275200,27569109,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rex Hamilton as Zardu Hasselfrau,"Short but fun. You play a gunslinger tracking down the man who killed your family, using clues given to you by the townsfolk. The actual look of the man you're hunting changes each game."
,Recommended,275200,32177622,Posted: 4 June,all,JupiteL,"Bought it for $2 and it surprised me through the entire game.Gameplay is amazing, you do things your way even if it means shooting everyone on sight, there's no restriction on how you want to handle the situation. Wave out your gun if they refuse, why not?Combat is fairly simple but felt so satisfying with every action (draw,♥♥♥♥♥♥ shoot, reload) done manually.Quests will change the game depends on your action and which faction you choose, which brings a lot of replay value with it."
76561198348703826,Recommended,275200,32164846,Posted: 3 June,all,StarfishPrime7,"A fantastic western game. Solid shooting mechanics, clever sidequests, good music, whats not to love? If you are a fan of Clint Eastwood, westerns, or just generally funny games, this ones for you."
76561198054240033,Recommended,275200,32183214,Posted: 4 June,all,Abaddon,"'Westerado' is a fun little game for those looking for some entertaining, open world, 8 bit-esque action.  The controls are a little clunky, but overall it's an enjoyable time."
,Recommended,275200,31979469,Posted: 26 May,all,pepsitronic,"Westerado was a fantastic free flash game that I played many hours of.Westerado: Double Barreled is the same game but with alot of new additions such as: new customisation, extra weapons and much more. The experience and story is great, and with new characters lots of replayablity.Atleast we have something while we wait for RDR 2.Definitive Westerado game, but the old one is still great if you don't want to spend the extra money."
76561198307461926,Recommended,275200,32113476,Posted: 1 June,all,bobthebruce,Decent but I literally found the main bad guy in 1 hour. Other than that its a fun time waster.
76561198382444690,Recommended,275200,32733167,Posted: 24 June,all,rbell0311,"Very fun game, pleasently surprised with how large the game is. Didn't expect the plot twist at the end. I love it though. Graphics are very good and the soundtrack and gameplay is amazing. Would recommend."
,Recommended,275200,32657655,Posted: 22 June,all,Dog Residue,it's like the flash game but you can save
76561198012000813,Recommended,275200,32042272,Posted: 29 May,all,imdehaven,"2 Barrels, 1 Gun.Killer story (see what I did there!??) and perfect soundtrack.  Also, one cannot overlook how satisfying pulling a gun on any any NPC can be! Legit recommend."
76561198101603478,Recommended,275200,32506303,Posted: 17 June,all,Roki,"Great game about loss and vengence.Might get a bit frustraiting after the beginning, when you don't know what you're doing, but the ending is great. Also worth to replay a couple of times, take different routes with different characters."
,Recommended,275200,32965989,Posted: 28 June,all,✮ Get Schwifty ✮,Extremely fun game.Highly recommend ♡
,Recommended,275200,30023804,Posted: 18 February,all,669_PVEL,"beautiful love letter to westerns, with a very large amount of replayability"
,Recommended,275200,29420235,Posted: 22 January,all,firienfeld,"Amazing, immersive, a great build your own story and and the most gorgeous landscapes and music. And life is literally measured by hats, what's not to love?"
,Recommended,275200,29211222,Posted: 12 January,all,Zebra Dolphin,Started my adventure home on the farm.One day I needed to help my brother herd buffalo over to Fort Motors to help in the fight against the natives.Chased a buffalo and they burned my house down.Then my uncle taught me to shoot and I forgot to aim away first.10/10 don't worry he came back as a ghost.
,Not Recommended,275200,26175600,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,fantomchoder,"I love these kind of RPGish open-world indie action games with lots of characters to talk to throughout detailed pixel-art environments. The missions were a lot of fun to complete at your own pace while working toward the overarching story. This game would have been perfect except for two issues that really bothered me: 1) you can't redo failed quests, and the worst being 2) combat is generally kinda wonky.The combat really frustrated me because it was terrible compared to the rest of the game. Movement in general is kind of weird since it feels like you're a rook on a chess board. And then to add to the awkwardness of combat, you can only point your gun left or right while facing either direction. If someone is above you, you need to run upward and get him to your left or right side lined up since you can only shoot against that axis. You also can't run and shoot at the same time, needing to redrawn your gun. I died a bunch of times because of how awkward the controls feel - and dying isn't cheap since I kept getting robbed while unconscious.I'm upset they made such a great western game but couldn't figure out how to implement simple shooting mechanics."
76561198088847376,Recommended,275200,30273759,Posted: 1 March,all,PanDzikipan,"Dobrze zbudowana gra z bardzo prostych mechanik. Za kazdym razem jak skonczy sie rozgrywkę to mapa sie lekko zmienia, niestety gra ma swoje problemy typu malej liczby questow albo pojawiaja sie bugow takich jak ciagly bieg. W grę warti zagrac ale nie za takie pieniądze.This is a good game made on simple mechanics. Each time you start the game the map is slightly changed. Unfortunetly game have his issues like small amount of quests or running bugs. The tittle is worth of playing but not for that money. Have in mind that there. Is a free flash version of the game and it is not so diffrent than this."
,Recommended,275200,31262818,Posted: 20 April,all,Admiral Sherlock,"Alright, after 3 hours I have finally finished this game and honestly, it was a nice experience.It's a very nice casual game with it's challenges if you're not too familiar with the controls and way that combat works. There's definitely some skill that goes into it and the final fight for me took probably 5-6 tries.Now as far as a list of pros and cons:Pros:Comfortable yet challenging combat.Decent sized world with lots of people and side quests.Absolutely wonderful for the price (I got it on sale).Has a good variety as far as weapons go with a rifle, shotgun, dual pistols, and regular pistol. (Although shotgun can be OP)Cons:Sometimes difficult to follow the quest you're on, really have to pay attention to the text.Not really much consequence for death, pretty much just respawning.NOT ENOUGH HATS/CLOTHESOverall I'd give the game a nice 8/10 for the fact it's a clearly indie game that did a good job and kept me hooked for awhile. Still need to test the replayibility but with every playthrough changing who your final enemy is I'm sure it has a decent level to it. Good for casual gaming sessions on the go."
,Recommended,275200,31285741,Posted: 21 April,all,Joshicus,So freaking good... buy it
76561198163226617,Recommended,275200,31286688,Posted: 21 April,all,jurassic460,im not a good person to give a speech about why a game is good or not so im just going to say what im thinking its one of my game that i love till the end the only problem is you make the finale fight to hard way too hard other wise i recommend
76561198106348296,Recommended,275200,31250356,Posted: 19 April,all,Artaxian,Best Western game on steam. 'Nuff said.
,Recommended,275200,31244846,Posted: 19 April,all,Drpringle777,"The original was pretty good, but it was windowed and your progress seldom saved...Butthis?This was amazing!The gameplay was responsive and intuitive, and the pixel graphic artstyle was very well executed!Although the problems I have listed underneath areverynitpicky, most of them have also been recognised by the very responsive development team as well and are being worked on for future updates:Sometimes the weapons that you buy do not appear in your inventory, and you have to buy another weapon and then switch them out. Its only minor, but it did mean that i had to buy more weapons than I really needed for my playthrough.There's a little hat bug that makes it so your hats are the same as they were earlier, when you switch out your guns.After I failed to save Rancher Bob's ranch on my first playthrough, it was still burned down when I started a new save with the sister, which was a little weird...The guiding mechanic for the alive bounty missions for me is a little buggy, and sometimes they'll stop dead and never move again, even wih my gun pointed at their temple!Overall, the game achieves what it set out to domagnificentlywell, not to mention the immersion of acting out everybody's dream of being in a 1980's western movie! there's evena hidden movie set in the game!. Although, I wish I hadn't seen it so early in my game, so I could carry on taking everything seriously without the nagging4th wall breakin the back of my mind. Not a fault of the Devsat all, it's just that I wished i'd seen it in, say, a second playthrough so I couldcontinue to take everything seriously. But again, it was all my fault, and it was really well hidden too, so kudos to them.Tl;dr, fantastic game with intuitive design and gameplay that did what it set out to doreally well."
,Recommended,275200,31269885,Posted: 20 April,all,Friend,strong. good.
,Recommended,275200,31266325,Posted: 20 April,all,Adam,El kek
76561198143969378,Recommended,275200,31248680,Posted: 19 April,all,axwins,"I love this game!The music is awesome.  The gameplay is solid, reliable, fun, and addictive.  The story is unique in its delivery.  And Adult Swim :3 - lotta funny stuff in this game.If you love Westerns or retro styled games then this is for you!I didn't anticipate the roleplay possiblilities xD - ride into town, take a bounty, hand it in, stroll into the saloon for a nice refreshing prairiedew, and blow all your hard earned dollar on poker...Really fun; will keep you busy for hours.Runs fine on my PC, also haven't come across any of the bugs you may see written about on community boards and I've got approx. 10 hours on record.Westerado FTW"
76561198025007767,Recommended,275200,31249508,Posted: 19 April,all,Karvo21,"Amazingly immersive, highly replayable game! Please pick this up and support little games like this."
76561198026096530,Recommended,275200,31246756,Posted: 19 April,all,Blue,this game is a lot of fun doesnt seem like it would be at first a very welcome surprise
76561198122556968,Recommended,275200,31332036,Posted: 23 April,all,icarus,its great
,Recommended,275200,31341326,Posted: 24 April,all,mananlak,Phenomenal.
76561198123699986,Recommended,275200,18694889,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Edboy,I accidentally killed rancher Bob and now everyone hates me. 10/10 don't kill rancher kill rancher bob
,Recommended,275200,31430111,Posted: 28 April,all,Peaslepuff,"Great game! Tons to do, several different endings. You can try to solve the mystery of your family's death the old-fasioned way, or you can stick your gun into random people's faces until you find the murderer. You can shoot the sheriff, but you cannot the kill the deputy (because there isn't one. Unless you do that quest).All in all, a fun game. Yes, you can play basically the same game online for free, and I really wouldn't pay full price for this, but I would definitely say it's worth buying when on sale."
76561198194311333,Recommended,275200,30414287,Posted: 9 March,all,kingofcats,great game.
,Recommended,275200,31343711,Posted: 24 April,all,Chicken,This game is friggin awesome! I got sucked in and even though you can finish the story fairly quick I  wanted to see all that the game had to offer.
,Recommended,275200,25003790,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Crispy,"Westerado: Double Barreled is a great, fun, game that will keep you entertained for a while, but then starts to get very repetitive. The feel of the game is great, the controls are easy to use, the graphics/sounds are nice, quests are fun, and exploring the different areas of the map is exciting. However, the reason why it gets so repetitive is that there's only one map, and every playthrough has the same exact quests as before. The actual villian of the game is randomly generated each playthrough, but everything else is the same. Also, I'm pretty sure the devs have abandoned this :(, but this game will entertain you for probably 15 hours or so, maybe more if you try to get all the achievements."
76561198313889813,Recommended,275200,33921839,Posted: 31 July,all,Sslenek,"To start, I love this game, having played the flash version, I assumed It couldn't get much better, but decided to get this anyway because of large amounts of positive reviews, thinking that hey perhaps It will a nice weapons update, perhaps less NPCs randomly walking through walls, slightly better effects, more enemy types, and a less boring santa anna. what I found was a game with all that, and massive AI upgrades, with NPCs not getting stuck on rocks, better weapons, and more playable characters as well as outfits.My favorite feature in the game is the hat capture system, where when you shoot a hat off of anyone you can pick up the hat and use it for free, rather than buying it at the haberdashers. I also like the new hats and colors of clothing. My two Biggest complaints are that doubletap sprinting was not included, and that Scorpions take two shots most of the time and eat up most of my hat supply as about 40% of my hats are destroyed by Scorpions. I however Still love that NPCs can suffer Scorpion attacks as well. In my playthrough, I decided to go out and see if the horde mode was still in the game, and was impressed by the AI as it was far better and didn't run away as soon as I shot their hat (somtimes). soon after, I was dead and as I was on the permadeath gamemode, game overed. Also, you can pull out your gun while talking to people which is pretty darn cool if ah do say so mahself. I am well on my way to getting all the endings and so far have done very well. I am having great fun with this game, and it is one of my favorites, and thus I bestow upon it the rating of9.8/10.You should buy this if you think you will like it if on sale it is well worth it, and if it's not on sale, well, I bought it whilst it was not on sale, and don't regret my purchase.In the end, I say that this is an amazing game, far improved over the flash version, and it is worth every penny and then some."
76561198211562844,Recommended,275200,34457003,Posted: 24 August,all,Postal Dude 05,"Westardo double barreled is a game where you're family is murduerd and you have to find the killler, its gameplay is not very unique but done well,( j to pull out gun, k to load  the gun, k to fire and r to reload) but there is two very unique game mechanics I've never seen before, firstly you can pull your gun out in the middle of any conversation and scecondly the killer is randomly generated and as you play the game (your style) the killer will change the reason he killed your familly. My major problem with the game is that it is £10 (I bought it in the summer sale) which is overpriced I'd say if it was £5 it would be a good cost. Another problem is I got lucky and acidently finished the game in 25 minutes. (because I randomly saw the killer in a town and i chased him down) Another problem is I think the pull out gun at any time is a nice feature but if you do this to a few specific characters you can't do their quest and you need to do their quest to get info on the killer. (I didn't mention this earlier but you get info on the killer so you do side quests most of the time but this is more intersting then other games)Now I'l get on to the good the bad and the uglyThe good.Western setting is intersting.Random killer every time and reason.It can be anyone.Each quest feels unique.Combat is fun.The conversation options and pull out gun is a very interesting featureThe bad.Getting money is too easy (I got $1000 in ten minutes which can buy the shotgun)The ugly.I finished it after having to reset the game (Out of seeing the killer in clintville) in 25 minutes.It is £10 which is  overpricedOverall I give it a 8/10 I think it would've been 9 if the price was lower other then that the game is great and your decisions do affect the story.I'd say if it is under £8 buy it."
,Recommended,275200,34315206,Posted: 17 August,all,ApatheticConstruct,"Westerado was one of my favorite games. I played the version on adult swim for about five minutes, and fell in love. Then, a short time later, Westerado: Double Barreled was released. I did not hear about this, somehow. Fast-forward to 2017, and now I've finally been reunited.Westerado plays like a dream, running perfect 60 fps on even my potato of a computer. It features the ability to kill anyone and anything you want, hunt bounties, herd buffalo, create a truce, murder the director, kill entire towns, become an outlaw, play a game of 5-card, and, of course, seduce a woman. This game is essentially the wild west in a nutshell."
,Recommended,275200,34307837,Posted: 17 August,all,greenmafia,Worth it
76561198196875349,Recommended,275200,34282408,Posted: 16 August,all,AweSAM,This game is a combination of all of my favorite genres by one of my favorite networks. It's a randomly generated retro wild west murder mystery by Adult Swim Games. There is not enough I can say about this game it is so good!
,Recommended,275200,34400180,Posted: 21 August,all,SirOverlord2014,"It's definitely a very unique game. It's also surprisingly open. I love the pixel art, the music, and the western aesthetic. The gunplay is also surprisingly fun. While you won't get a particularly emotional experience, you will get one that's unique to you. Looking forward to playing it again."
76561197970741817,Recommended,275200,34191533,Posted: 12 August,all,Bill Brasky,"Enjoyable pixel art game combining elements of open world / RPG, with sort of ""rogue lite"" feel.  This is a simple game, but an enjoyable western, a genre which is sadly under-represented in the gaming community.  If you like retro style games, and RPG style shooters where you can kill anyone, you should enjoy Westerado.  I'd advise to get it on sale if possible and definitely use a controller."
76561198063794048,Recommended,275200,34171726,Posted: 11 August,all,cammando205,"I like this game a lot.  I wouldn't necessarily say it's the best action-rpg I've played(Fallout: New Vegas probably takes that title), but it's wildly entertaining in it's own way.  The nostolgic feeling given off by the simple yet oddly detailed sprites and the top down isometric(I really don't know what the proper term for this type of camera angle is) is fulfilling.  The high yet forgiving difficulty levels give a great sense of adrenaline during shootouts with bandits, and make your victories all the more satisfying.  When you die, the game does a great job of handling the way you respawn, deducting half your cash rather than completely robbing you of all your posessions and progress.  The soundtrack is excellent, further enhancing the rustic western theme.  I personally don't feel like there are enough good wild west games(Call of Juarez is fun though), and this game manages to help fill that gap.  I'd give this a solid 9/10."
76561198117867978,Recommended,275200,34205893,Posted: 12 August,all,FlowerCat11,"Humorous game with many ways to ""win"", Not 100% sandbox, not 100% railroad... unless you fix the railroad, that is. ;D"
22222222222222222,Recommended,275200,34201087,Posted: 12 August,all,KnownStorm,"In this game the player's choice changes the game completly, from the bandits running away from you if you kill to many of them to killing the america army. Its just a blast"
76561198032370632,Recommended,275200,34759941,Posted: 5 September,all,Matze,Great Western game. A little too short and a bit too expensive. Get it on sale.
76561198064349658,Recommended,275200,34870868,Posted: 10 September,all,UnshavenHobo,"CRIMINALLY under appreciated and under played, this game is a love letter to westerns and to computer games in general. So many things about this game are novel and fun, everyone should play it"
,Recommended,275200,35212753,Posted: 25 September,all,i like eeyore,fun + hard
76561198111795488,Recommended,275200,35316781,Posted: 29 September,all,ruarigh (decolas/riggerson),had this for sometime now and im going to say this is a small work of art fun-can be hard..i find myself laughing at some othe refrences and stupidness and the graphics are actually quite good for pixle's and the soundtrack is awesome... i hope to see another westerado in the future.
76561198162285525,Recommended,275200,35165102,Posted: 23 September,all,FeilVei,"Now, I'll be totally honest here: I love this game with all my heart. A few years back I discovered this game online called ""Westerado"", and I thought that I might as well check it out. I did. And i loved it. I played it for hours. Hours and hours. Even though I wasn't skilled enough to finish it, I played it all the time. I eventually kinda went away from it, seeking other experiences, but I still played it from time to time, and I didn't love it less either. Then, in 2014-15 I found out there was going to be a full feature length game of it on Steam. My world was complete. I pre-ordered the game as soon as I had the money. Then it released. I played it. And I loved it.It was the (very) expanded version of the online game. More areas, characters, endings and choices. Today, I have all the achievments. I still play it. This game is the real thing. Highest replay value ever, fantastic feel and gameplay, so many choices, humor (Maybe a little weird autosave system but I figured it out after a while and it really isn't that bad) and a lot more to look forward to. This is the most underrated game I have ever played. If you're reading this because you are hesitating with buying it, I tell you this: You don't have to wonder anymore. I promise you a good time with this spectacular, unique game. And Ostrich Banditos, if you're reading this, please make another game like this."
,Recommended,275200,35194025,Posted: 24 September,all,Antagonist,"You play the son of a rancher, who upon returning to your family ranch find it burned to the ground and both your parents murdered by an unknown assailant.And that is the objective of the game. To find the killer and bring him to justice. You go around an open world completeing little jobs or missions for people in exchange for items or sometimes clues. The game is not linear and it is up to you how you want to go about completing the game.The game is published by Adult Swim, but don't let that put you off. I'm sure many other people who are older (30+) see Adult Swim and automatically think obnoxious and immature game, like their shows, but that is not the case here. The game doesn't take itself TOO seriously, but the little humor it does have isn't over the top stupid like you'd expect from Adult Swim.The controls themselves are good, and the interface works well. The only down side, and I guess this is a big one, is the combat. All shooting is done left and right. Don't get me wrong, this doesn't ruin the game, it just makes fire fights feel a little less meaningful.One of the cool parts of the game, aside from the fact you can talk to every single NPC in the game, is that during conversations you can literally point yout gun at the person your talking to's face. Sometimes that will make them stop talking to you. Sometimes it will make them run. Sometimes it will make them attack. Sometimes it will make them give you their money because they think you're robbing them. And sometimes they will give you a clue about the killer.The game itself isn't very long, about 4 hours. However, there is infinite replayability in the sense that every time you start a new game, it's a brand new killer. So if you bought the game and enjoyed it, you shouldn't feel dread whern you complete the storyline, because you can just do it all over again and huint a new killer.Plus the fact you can shoot and kill anyone in the game is always nice when you're craving some ""GTA like"" blood lust.Overall, I would recommend this game. I do think the $14.99 is a little high considering the length of the game and the fact that not everyone will want to replay it. I think 9.99 is a more appropriate price. But for ME, I do not regret spending the 15, and therefore I can recommend it to tohers."
,Recommended,275200,35409879,Posted: 2 October,all,Agent Seamoose,"It's simple to learn how to play, but challenging to be good at it.It has a good story that branches out into different paths, some that take you one way, others another.Different weapons have different characteristics and aiming.Lots of replay value as you try to get different endings.Different characters you unlock have different characteristics, like death after one hit for those that like a challenge.Music is pretty nice and doesn't really get annoying (unless you stay on one map for hours playing Blackjack).You could kill anyone in the game and even get a reward for doing so.Lots of quests to do. Bounty hunting and Blackjack are profitable means of gaining money.The boss fight can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥though. Go prepared, cheese the fight, enjoy the game before that point because the ending is the literal end.No manual saves, only autosaves.Fully recommend the game. Great fun, great story."
76561198274241786,Recommended,275200,35398503,Posted: 1 October,all,solomondleach,"I think that this is an amazing game. I love how the creator perpously made it look old fashion. I am not a fan of how you repeat. It's a little annoying. Also, the card game in the salloon is just luck. But it is really cool. I would really reccomend getting it. On a scale from 1 to 10, I give it an 8!"
