user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,275290,15195913,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Zoom,"This is one of those games that confuse the hell out of you at first. First time I installed it, I hated it and regreted my decision of buying GTOS. Later on I cooled down and have read some of the other reviews and gave this babe another chance to prove itself.I spent couple more evenings trying to figure out what the hell is going on on my screen, studied a few tutorials and manuals online and then one moment it struck me. Damn! This game is absolute blast.I've played 90% percent of the WW2 games out there, no exagerrating, if you know some obscure WW2 FPS/RTS/Tactics, chances are I've played that. I'm wargames nut, I've played old and new games, I've played good and bad games. I've tried almost every popular and obscure WW2 games, it'd be pointless to list them all. But this one, believe me, will deliver you insane amount of fun if you will spend a bit more time learning how the stuff works here. Give gem a little care, treat it woth patience and it will treat you in return. It's new, it's fresh, it's a gorgeous game, beautiful and stunning outside and very deep and complicated inside.It will suit all your WW2 nut needs. Amazing, breath-taking, painfully realistic, grim, brutal tank and infantry battles (with some close air support & artillery options). I've never seen a combat in a WW2 game portrayed so gritty. Yet I've played Close Combat, Combat Mission, Men of War, Theatre of War (all of which I love and play till this day) but none of them could reach this level of aestethics. Men will scream, bleed to death, sand will fly in the air, shells will strike the ground and leave you deaf.It also has such important aspects as realistic radio & wire lines system, something very similar to Combat Mission if you've played that. Chain of command is obviously present in the game too.And the best thing? You can set everything and anything in this game, extensive number of options lets you edit the game experience to you liking, making it either a true, die-hard, hardcore war sim or arcade RTS, or even a mix of both. If you don't like micro-managing stuff too much it's okay, little men on the battlefield are smart enough to act on their own.Few words regarding the setting, atmosphere and premise of this game. It's set in Ukraine/Russia circa 1941 to 1943. (Two of the DLCs are set in some-what moden time). One thing I'm going to say that is, Graviteam developers have hit the nail here. The land, terrain, nature, forests, atmosphere, sky.. Oh my god, it looks stunning. It absolutely perfectly depicts and resembles real places and lands. I myself was born in Russia and as a little kid, I used to walk around a lot, exploring all those forests and big, endless lands of my country and let me tell you a thing, if you're a foreigner, who wants to see true russian nature and not stereotypic stuff, play this game. It's art, pure art.Do you like war movies? Hell, you can just start a battle, grab a glass of whatever favorite drink you prefer and watch the hell let and break loose.One of the best games I've got from steam and absolutely deserved money that I paid in the past year. If you feel like it's too much for you, try waiting for a bit, they do have discounts sometime but nobody can predict when those happen.No doubt, reccomended. Buy and see it for yourself, don't listen to anybody complaining about interface or other stuff, you WILL get used to it and it's going to be comfortable using it. Also keep in mind, this is not just an RTS, it's tactic, so all these buttons matter.Last thing about DLCs. Yes, yes, yes, get all of them. (except hi-res textures, game looks fine as it is.) I oppose the idea of DLCs in general, but these are good, believe me, they are worth the price.P.S. If you get in this game, after playing few battles you might want to get ""Aunthetic Battle Sound mod"" and the ""Uniforms mod"". These two are mandatory for even better experience and are available on the internet. Do a little googling.Feel free to ask me questions if you have any. Have a nice day."
,Recommended,275290,10176823,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,XShadowY,"With help of the manual, tutorial messages and forum you have made it past the clunky UI of the operations map. Your units have been resupplied, at least most of them, and you figure out that it will have to do for whatever is coming next.You arrive on the battlefield at 06:48 a.m., the morning mist creates a surreal look of the environment. Will you even be able to make contact with the enemy? You wanted to take your time and encircle him, at least secure your flanks. But he surprised you and attacked first...Are his units as battered as yours or did he bring reinforcements in without you knowing it? You have no idea about what`s coming at you...One thing is sure, however, you don`t want to let objectives Amethyst and Malachite fall into enemy hands. So, you decide to split your forces in two battlegroups. One is worn out, but has better equipment left and the other one... well, they are rookies, but you don`t have anything else. And the tank, what will you do with the tank? Should he try to break a possible attack in the first minutes or do you keep him in reserve, as a last option when everything else has failed?You decide to leave the tank behind and use him as a wild card, if one of your battle groups is wavering. Both task forces are set up along the way to the objectives, based on the environment you found good ambush spots and hope that the enemy will pass through them. You are confident with the way you placed your forces, the only thing which makes you worry is ...both battlegroups are separated by around 3 kms.07:14 a.m. and still no contact. You chose the most battered squad and send them on a recon run in the hope to get a position of the enemy`s assault force. 20 minutes later you are sure, the opponents main attack will hit the rookies...What will you do with your units of the second road block? Should they hold their position in case of enemy activity, should they rush for aid to help their fellow comrades at the first road block? 5 minutes later you are still not sure, if you need the second ambush point at all? Meanwhile forward elements of the enemy have made contact with your weaker task force. Mortar rounds are pouring in on them, the whole task force is in danger of just being swept away.You decide to mobilize the units of the second ambush point. It seems to be more important to support your buddies than waiting for an enemy who might not even arrive. But it`s 3 kms through rough terrain, will they make it in time? And what about the tank?The tank will maintain his position and you decide to only use him in case of utmost emergency. In the meantime the mortar fire on the first task force has stopped and it looks like for the moment they can defend their position.Battlegroup No. 2 is still on its way and around 1,5 kms out. Suddenly, they receive fire from a small forest and you think about dealing with them first or to continue to their original objective which was ""helping out those rookie guys"". It looks like the rookies earn their stripes and haven`t moved back an inch, you decide to clear out the forest to secure the flank of the rookies.Halftracks are moving in, infantry disembarks and you follow them into the misty forest. The halftrack with the much needed 7,5 cm gun takes the first hit, it goes up in flames you can only feel pity for the ejecting guys. Yet, you don`t know what hit it. Infantry is continuing their march into the woods when they suddenly spot an AT gun, secured by an HMG. Your people are in the line of fire of both guns and hit the ground earlier than you could order them to fall back. They are pinned down, one by one is being taken out, but still, they are crawling towards the guns and still push forward.Of course it has to be like this way, while your second task force plays hide-and-seek in the forest the rookies are giving in to the pressure and it looks like the line is ...vanished. Time for the tank!You have high hopes for the steel beast to turn the tide of battle in your favor. Eagerly you follow your tank while it uses the road for faster movement. After about 100 m something explodes around the tank, you zoom in just to find out that the enemy has secretly managed to sneak engineers through your lines. The tank treads are gone... Why didn`t you at least spare a squad to secure the tank? You will never know, meanwhile the tank, stationary like a AT gun, is fighting for survival. The engineers throwing everything they have, ...but miss. Burning spots around the tank, but the crew inside manages to stay calm and takes out the enemy one by one until he surrenders. The tank didn`t live up to your expectations, but, at least he is not lost.Unfortunately that can`t be said about the units in the forest. They have overcome both guns, but at what cost? After having sacrificed 70% of their strength you move them back to the halftracks, let them embark and try to save the rest of what`s left of task force 1. There is not much shooting anymore around the first ambush point, it seems both sides are exhausted.A few minutes later the halftracks finally arrive at your first battlegroup and bring much needed support, though tiny in numbers. But, as soon as the first vehicles open fire the enemy is offering a cease-fire. Will you accept it and call it a day, ...or, what if, the enemy is close to break? Should you risk to go all-in with your tiny relieve force and take a not so glory victory back home?You decide to go in for the kill and, at least this time you were right, soon after the transported infantry disembarks and joins the fight the enemy surrenders, the battle is won.It is 08:33 a.m., you lost 85% of your combat strength and you think about, if there`s enough left to continue at all. Then you notice that your enemy lost even more...For the battles to come you will adapt, ..and you will repair your tank. And you won`t make the same mistake twice.And, since this round lasted almost 2 hours, there`s still laundry to do and your wife needs help with the kids, you decide to leave the game behind for now.Yet, you surely will return. You lost 85% of your troops but you feel like General of the Month...At least until your wife enters the room and recites the ""today`s to-do list"" in front of you..."
,Recommended,275290,12820771,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,40s & Blunts,"Rating: AGraviteam Tactics is a game that used to be called Achtung Panzer, but after some sort of nonsense involving the old publisher, they had to change the name when it went on Steam. Or something. I don't know the specifics.But it's a good game. More people should know about it. It's not very accessible and the UI is confusing, but once you get the hang of it, it's a good time. Though I'll admit, after nearly 25 hours so far, I still don't totally know what I'm doing. That speaks partly to the game's depth, but also how to the lack of transperancy regarding mechanics.At its most superficial level, it's kind of like a Total War game set in World War II. But it's a lot more of a sim than Total War is, and the design intent is very different. The Ukrainian fellows who made Graviteam Tactics are well known in sim nerd circles for their tank simulators, at least one of which used to be on Steam but doesn't seem to be any more and I don't know why. Their obsession with WWII and tank damage models served them well for making a game of a grander scale, where you command little germans or little soviets in squads and weapons teams, and whose lines of communication and chain of command you must manage as you order them to march onwards towards the slaughter. After a battle in this game, one can find the battlefield littered with meat. Manflesh, to be exact.You have a bird's eye view of the happenings, starting with the turn-based operations map where you move companies of men and tanks around, check their supply and tell them where and whom to attack. Once a battle commenses you get dumped into the planning stages of the real-time mode, where you set up your little soldiers and give them their opening orders. Opening orders are important, because they have no command cost and allow you to set up your plan and watch it unfold. Your squads and teams for the most part work on their own, though you can of course order them, but they decide on their own behind which trees to take cover, when to shoot and when to hit the deck -- you have no control over such precise details. The best you can do is tell them a general location to move to and a general direction to concentrate their fire. There is little micromanagement in the game, and you are even disuaded from trying to micromanage, as giving orders costs you command and the more into the fire your men get, the harder it is to command them. It's a neat little system, but it isn't readily apparent when you start the game up. It took me more than a few games--and reading more than a few game guides, of which, I might add, there are scant few--to know what the hell the blue bar at the top of the screen meant and why it would change when I tried to order my half-dead, panicking engineer squad to suck it up and advance into machinegun fire (which is a terrible tactic, by the way).Between battles you can manage your men, splitting up their squads and allocating ammo and fuel for vehicles. It's a fun a little management game, and is pretty simple. You cannot build units in the game, so what you start with is what you get, though there are usually reinforcements showing up on certain turns and whose arrival and availability you are well informed of.Operations are dynamic and different each time you play, with the possibility of fighting over the same town or the same hill across multiple battles, each side taking and subsequently losing the objective over the course of one or two in-game days. It gives the game a fun, fluid and unpredictable narrative that enhances replayability.In addition to the operational campaigns, you can also play individual battles with units from force pools on any part of the included maps. What's kind of lame, though, is that you can't set it to have the computer generate the enemy force, so you always know exactly what the enemy has right from the get go. Major bummer for me.BUT IN CONCLUSION: it is a solid game that deserves more press and more people talking about it."
76561198046530140,Recommended,275290,16386424,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,schimmel72,"Ever played a game where you hid your troops in an unforgiving, winter wasteland with no real cover except for maybe a shellhole from some battle before (when your group was at full-strength and chock full of ammo) or among some skinny trees?  Oh, did I mention they're short of ammo, at half-strength, and their Commander was killed in the previous engagement four hours ago?Well, here you are, a young German soldier swallowed up in Mother Russia in 1943 manning a hill with 5 combat effective infantry units left out of the twelve you started with and it's 3 a.m. and blizzarding and the Popovs are coming hell bent on a suicidal charge to knock you out of some hard-earned ground.  Hope to God they don't have armor because your Engineer Squad got decimated and the Pak gun you have won't penetrate what they've been rolling out.  Well, at least you have some mortar support to call in but those rounds are few to spare so be careful in calling it in because if it's just a probe and you waste your rounds, well.......Soviets show up,  In force.  No one is dug in.  You call in what few mortars you have left to break up and hopefully stop their assault  because if you can survive till reinforcements arrive then maybe, just maybe there's a chance because the half-tracks you rolled into this winter hell in are either smoking ruins or immobilized and you're damned lucky to have survived with anything.  Now is usually when the praying starts.Mortars fall heavy in their midst but it's so sporadic because the spotting is off that it kills no one except 3 men of yours because the ♥♥♥♥ing mess fell short and they run off screaming into the night ablaze [that is not drama folks; your troops will burn, and they will scream, and you will try to block it out after a while].Then the mortars finally hit spot on and after watching your enemy suffer a bit as they burn and scream and run off into the frozen landscape to satisfy your revenge, you call off the bombardment early to salve your last sense of humaity.   And you relax.  The battle's almost over, you may just hold this worthless piece of real-estate.  Time to call for a Cease-Fire and hope Ivan is as tired and spent as you are.  Resupply is on the way...just survive this turn.Then, without warning, an uncannily accurate artillery bombardment rakes your position and destroys a large chunk of the men you have left...Because YOU called off the mortars before his forward artillery observers were killed.  Live with it.And are those advancing tank engines you hear in the distance...?  Sheisse !Welcome to GraviTeam Tactics kids.This is not a nice guy's wargame.[There's my drama laden review.  With 700+ hours and counting on this game, it's safe to assume I recommend it enthusiastically, but only if you're willing to learn it's daunting rule schematic.  For you old wargame grognards, it's like ""Squad Leader"" come to life.  Nuff said]"
,Recommended,275290,9068512,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Shadrach,"(NOTE: Even if Steam says I've only played 0.1 hours of this game, I have played probably hundreds of hours before it was released here.)If you are into deep, thoughtful tactical simulators this is the game for you.GTOS is a game that allows you the time to consider the options and react accordingly. The battlefields are huge, and your resources usually limited, so you'll need to deploy and use your troops taking a lot of factors into consideration.While GTOS is an RTS, this is not a game played with ""clicks-per-minute"" and macro spamming, but with thought and tactical finesse. But when the sh*t hits the fan you'd better know how to react or expect your troops to be suppressed and panic in no time. However there is no need to micro-manage, the AI will defend themselves.The vehicles have proper penetration values - there are no instant fireball when tanks are hit here. What kills a tank is mostly unseen things - crew is killed by shrapnel, engine destroyed, internal fires, weapon broken. But devastating hits do happen, and a burning tank often leads to pretty explosions of ammo cooking off a long time afterwards. You get the feeling a tank is a really hard thing to kill - as it should be, but beware of getting too close to infantry - Molotovs and AT-grenades can still kill or disable a reckless tanker.Weapons are realistically modeled, and guns can be fired over long distances. Artillery takes a long time to call in and needs to be planned correctly - but when it does hit it's truly devastating. Nothing says ""we need to move NOW"" like the blasts of artillery pinpointing your position.The game is far from easy to get into  - there is very little tutorial and hand-holding, and the manual can be hard to understand, in bad English or simply outdated. The AI can be on the quirky side or just plain stupid side at times, and the process of applying patches to the game is sometimes a challenge in itself...But if you are into realistic war games, consider yourself a war gamer or ""grognard"", GTOS is well worth the investment."
,Recommended,275290,13292514,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,HaZZarD,"Graviteam Tactics comes closer than any other game I have yet played to representing the complex situational challenges of the WW2 battlefield. It is a superb game, limited only by a clunky interface and weak marketing, that every serious war gamer should definitely have in his or her stable.Graviteam has clearly been designed by a team with a deep understanding of military tactics and a passion for realism and historical accuracy. I can't praise the game highly enough and I can only say to those of you who have not yet purchased it, or who gave up on Graviteam because the interface had you baffled, that you are missing out on the opportunity to experience and contribute to the finest WW2 simulation ever made."
76561197994687910,Recommended,275290,12839693,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Lord Kikkawa,"Graviteam Tactics: Operation Star is not for you if you are simply a gamer.  This is a game for tacticians;  The armchair generals who have the patience to get past the immense learning curve.  Do not expect to just jump right in and take command.Your troops won't always just go and do what you tell them.  If they are being torn apart, they may run away terrified on their own.  Your soldiers may take the initiative and, with a lack of orders, charge headlong towards the enemy to destroy his positions.  If your unit commander dies, multiple assets and communication break down.  If your communications aren't effective, your units can't recieve orders.The interface, though at first confusing, begins to make sense after paying attention during tutorials.  If the player is willing to accept some devestating losses in the first few attempts, it isn't so bad.  The layout is effective enough to apply all the necessary options for troop formations, movement and types of fire.  It just takes some orientation to understand how to apply these options.I am somewhat well versed in combined arms tactics and skills covered in Marine Corps warfighting doctrine (MCPD-1) and easily understand how  and why this title is actually utilized in European militaries to train infantry officers and platoon leaders.  The enemy UI is challenging and responds realistically and effectively to offense, but tends to do poorly when advancing or attacking.  He tends to stop dead in his tracks during attacks when fired upon and consistently maintains a defensive posture.  Hopefully in the future this can be tweaked a bit to give the UI a more impactful attack pattern.You will find that application of standard military tactics per doctrine is played out extremely effectively.  I.e. Deploying maching guns with long and unobstructive lines of sight, overlapping with infantry and armour.  Or, combined arms suppressive fire.Graphics are of the era this game was originally produced.  Don't expect a melt-your-face mindblowing world here.  But the graphics are good enough to get the job done and can still really impress at night.  Smoke, tracers and explosion lighting give the game a real atmosphere.  Speaking of atmosphere however; the ambient audio makes me want to throw my speakers across the room.  Noises like a rooster♥♥♥♥♥♥a-doodle-doo'ing every 10 seconds become like nails on a chalkboard.Fans of the Close Combat series, Combat Mission series, and even the Total War series will likely appreciate this game.  Be warned however, the learning curve is several hours.  Highly reccommended with enthusiasm."
76561198018273148,Recommended,275290,13502304,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Aza280,"A night operation. I'm not a military man but without night vision equipment it would be difficult to see the enemy. However this works both ways and I had the advantage of greater manpower and greater weapons.So the operation started at 4am, my halftracks rumbled in towards the town from the left and my infantry from the right. A platoon of halftrack engineers I sent to the river crossing next to the town so I could move straight over after the battle. Barely five minutes later, one of my infanry platoons saw the enemy pretty much right on top of them. With my firepower and supporting troops the firefight was over quickly with the entire enemy platoon being eliminated. I was pleased and ordered my troops to converge on the village.However at the river my engineers began taking fire from a single machine gun from the forest, perfect positioning to engage my forces as they crossed. However the engineers were no rookies and followed my orders to attack the forest and clear it out, the battle was still in my favour. To the right hand side of this engagement the enemy was spotted, I assumed it was another machine gun, set up to give a crossfire killzone and so I quickly ordered my reserve squad within the platoon to sweep in and at least supress it with support from my heavy halftrack. This gun was eliminated with a lucky shot and was immediately destroyed as the dismounted engineers closed. As a looked at the destroyed weapon my eyes widened with fear. It was an Anti-Tank gun, well people, they never travel alone. I ordered a platoon in the villlage to come to the aid of my engineers as there were now more men in the forest than I had thought.Suddenly as I looked for heavy halftrack to move to engage, it burst into flames. The unlucky crewmembers running out ablaze, in between them I saw a lone Russian solider crawling by the vehicle, he had slipped by and had molotoved my heavy support. Following this my men in the village came across entrenched Russian infantry, bogging them down in a firefight so they were now unable to support my isolated platoon, a retreat could not be ordered as they were already in too deep into the forest and to bring them out was suicide. Two minutes later the village was in my control and the enemy was offering a ceasefire. I had won at the expense of a platoon, a hollow victory.However I now knew exactly what the enemy had and I knew exactly what to use aginst them. After all that was just the first battle."
,Recommended,275290,9719681,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Lymanity,"Let me preface this by getting the bad stuff out of the way because the bad stuff is nothing compared to how great this game is.It is a little buggy. It is a Strategy First release. It is almost never on sale (except sometimes on Gamersgate).Now for the good.First of all, it has a demo. Try it. That was enough to convice me to buy the game.This game is a turn-based/real-time strategy game. There are turn based planning phases with real time battles, which you can pause, speed up or slow down.Due to the nature of variables this game has an inexhaustible amount of combinations possible for each battle. In other words, it is infinitely replayable and no two games are the same.If you desire a change in campaign, Graviteam has you covered. There are some Eastern Front WW II DLC you can get... or you can purchase the China-Russia 1969 border conflict DLC, the 1979 Russia fighting Iran in Afghanistan DLC or the 1988 Angola Bush War DLC. These DLC are unfortunately not cheap, but there are sometimes sales.This game will kick your♥♥♥♥♥ The A.I. is superb at actually engaging in tactics, which is something that is missing in a lot of strategy games. I've had to rush in order to protect my flank because the A.I. actually learned that they weren't getting in the front door and they turned the tables on me in a way that I couldn't have anticipated, but at the same time it is fair. The A.I. doesn't cheat, unless you want it to (options menu setting).The game also requires you to manage fatigue, morale, fuel and ammo.If this sounds like something that would interest you then you cannot go wrong with this title."
76561198026940760,Recommended,275290,21600755,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,SEEK,"it's a good simulator of the eastern front.the first thing you must learn about the eastern front is the eastern front is ♥♥♥♥ing TERRIBLE.there are three colors (at least in the taranovka campaigns) grey, white, and red (red being entirely blood)survival is brutally difficult, victory is harder. often even winning doesn't feel like winning; casualties of over 50% on both sides are common, first you'll run out of support, then you'll run out of rifle ammunition, then you'll run out of men. often campaigns come down to two almost entirely destroyed formations desperately grasping at the other's throat in a series of maneuvers by exhausted, out of ammunition, panicked soldiers who have been on the front for far too long.essentially the game nails exactly how brutal the hinterlands of russia are to fight in, along with a very realistic model of the vehicles and arms involved makes it a fantastic game if you can handle the despair."
,Recommended,275290,10403262,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,CloacAttack,"I had this game on Gamersgate and bought it again just for the convenience of Steam, and to support the devs. It is great! Imagine ... Total War with WWII soldiers, but smaller scale and very realistic ... imagine ... Company of Heroes but without all the silliness of spawning units.You have a map, like a chessboard, on which you control various platoons. When battle occurs, you get a top down view from miles in the air, and you can zoom right in to see individual men. Tactics are paramount. Very tough! Unforgiving, but with great replayability, because small decisions can have big long-term effects, and dead men and broken vehicles don't just appear again next move. There is very detailed hit modelling for vehicles, and the devs patch to improve things like the way grenades interact with tree branches!If you like real time strategy but don't like cartoonish exaggeration ... if you like realistic WWII games in which your tactical skill makes all the difference ... if you want to hear lonely dogs howl in the darkness of a Russian village as men die in the snow ... This is a game for you."
76561197996051698,Recommended,275290,15763519,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Biggus Dickus,"Like probably all the other reviewers out there this game♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off and seemingly sucked at first. I'd try playing it, get angry and quit for a day or a few hours then i'd try playing/learning it again, rinse and repeat. Finally I looked up a tutorial, got a bit of bearings going, and while I still suck at the game, I am improving and when you understand the mechanics and facets of the game it becomes probably the closest thing to actual WW2 battlefield simulation you can find. Sit your troops in a spot for a while and they will dig trenches, add a Artillery Spotter or Air Support Spotter to a platoon and give them a little more oomph, replace dead troops in a squad or vehicle by getting them to a conscript unit and refill their ammo by sending them to a supply group and replace any busted vehicles and fix any that can be repaired. You can order your troops to do things but theres so many variables that can hinder their progress or cause them to not achieve their directive. Of all the things that make this game hard to get into at first i'd say this is the largest. I STILL have a very hard time getting my tanks, soldiers, vehicles and ESPECIALLY MY GOD DAMN ARTILLERY GUNS to do what I tell them. The mortars seem to work fine, but even when I keep commanders from my Arty unit spread out to relay orders and spot land for fire missions they still often just sit there with their thumbs up their asses. The other problem is that about 60% of the time my troops will not target the targets I pick out for them. When i desperately need a tank to be killed and even when my AT guns/Tanks have clear lines of sight they sometimes just will screw around a lot more than actually do something productive. It causes me to panic and usually makes my troops far less effective in combat than the AI's. The odd thing is, i'm not even sure if it is an ACTUAL problem or just my units acting unpredictably, as would happen in real life. There's so many different outcomes to even the smallest scenarios that it could just be circumstances and the game is doing exactly what it should. I just can't quite figure out whats going on, but its really the only major complaint I have, however, and its concerning an important part of the game so It needed mentioned. My only other really big complaint is that there isn't very many units. All the units are authentic to the time period and are extremely detailed, I just really wanted to see some Panthers and T-34/85s and IS-2s and other awesome late war tanks.Overall a fantastic WW2 RTS/SimulatorPros-Very detailed environment, map and units-Authentic everything. Map layout, terrain, units available its all authentic.-Pretty nice graphics in my opinion. Nothing amazing but very solid.-Really realistic reactions from soldiers and units to the various situations. A squad that suddenly loses 3 or 4 men from a mortar could easily be panicked.-A ton of strategic depth-Play as germans or russians of course-Custom battles-Very specific and in depth settings for difficulty and gameplay-Runs fine and no crashes in the 30 hours i've played-Completely dynamic map and battlegrounds. Where your troops are on the strategic map is where a battle will take place in the RTS portion. Its very dynamic but i can't think of a good way to describe it.-Varied time periods in the DLC expansionsCons-Not very many units to choose from even though they're all authentic-Only a single strategic map. The map is huge and has quite a few different areas but still theres only 1 and it'd be nice to have at least 1 or 2 more. **EDIT** (I don't know if i missed them or if its because I bought some DLC on the recent sale but theres more maps to choose from than 1. I know for a fact some of them are exclusive to the DLC but I believe I was wrong in assuming the base game only has 1 map, at least for quick battles. Its still only 2 or 3 at the most so its staying on the cons list)-Relatively large learning curve combined with a ho-hum tutorial.-Overpriced and stupid Hi-Res textures DLC-DLC Doesn't seem to add very many WW2 units, if any, and just adds a new battle area/battle map-Confusing UI and difficulty getting units to always follow orders.Overall, worth getting especially if you like detailed and realistic WW2 games. This is the pinnacle of WW2 strategy when it comes to realism and authenticity, its better than Men of War in that aspect. Its got some quirks but something about it keeps me coming back even when the AI kicks my♥♥♥♥♥and I rage quit I still find myself coming back to it."
,Recommended,275290,9073891,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,No.111_Grunt,"Definatly not for the average strategy gamer, if you don't like complex and realistic games, this one will probably not be in your taste. If you are a fan of Combat Mission, Close Combat, Theatre of War, or any other games of that nature, i would recomend it. It has excellent sound elements, good weapons balistics, and an overall feel of authenticity. Graphics are not overwhelming, but they go look nice on the large scale."
76561198003220720,Recommended,275290,26587499,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,23grp,"I bought GTOS three days ago. With help from ""you tube"" and community posts I  learnt the basic concepts and controls in about 20 hours. I have even won some battles ( Playing as Germans on the easy settings ).The best bit of advice I found was to view the game as a ""Total War"" type game.  Turn based until the battle faze, a map area in which you move your forces, a deployment faze, a initial orders faze, then a  battle faze and then the outcomes from the battle.I am 53 and if like me you grew up throwing a dice and push little plastic soldiers and tanks around a sheet of wood.......You will love this game."
,Recommended,275290,9106809,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Kointoss,"A masterpiece of a WW2 game. Not for the impatient, as it has a steep learning-curve and a depth of realism not seen since combat mission (at a fraction of the price, i might add). I definitley recommend this for anyone looking for an in-depth strategy game that they can really sink their teeth into.Would recommend watching the Let's Play videos on YouTube for a more in-depth tutorial if you're having trouble and the in-game is kind of lacking."
,Recommended,275290,21439140,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Spanish Inquisition,"Great game, The realism is amazing. It's not your typical balanced Strategy game like COH2 or Men of War etc... It is realistic and gritty. Your units can get ♥♥♥♥ed and run out of ammo. Have their moral smashed from watching their brothers die around them. Engagement ranges unlike most strategy games arent within 100 feet they are longer. The realism of being able to destroy lightly armored stuff with MG fire the lines of communication and the gritty realism it has is 10/10Would and will spend many more hours in this game."
76561197976656272,Recommended,275290,20313075,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Terminal Lance,"Did you grow up with games such as close combat, the total war series, combat mission, sudden strike & Sid Meier's Gettysburg? Did you relish all or some of those games? Then get this one. As someone who has played wargames for 20 years and served in the military, this is one of the best and most realistic wargames I've played ever. I especially like how the soldiers in the game will listen to your orders, but arn't mechanical robots who will do your every whim. It makes you think about their perspective as well as the bigger picture which is something real life commanders have to keep in mind, and this is the only game that replicates that.It has a learning curve but considering it's complexity actually only takes an hour or so to pick up. Buy it."
76561198004354097,Recommended,275290,12759785,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,diavolaccio,"Awesome game! If you are a Combat Mission fan or love tactical battles of reiforced company size, you have to try this out.Campaign are tought and add strategic level to the game, while quick battles are a fun and rewarding experience...UI is not intuitive and manual is somehow lacking in details, but with some effort you can go over that... and discover an excellent game :)"
76561198007960391,Not Recommended,275290,19570179,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Didz,"This game has a very steep learning curve and is not for the faint hearted.  I've played a lot of RTS games and I'm a big Totalwar and Wargame fan, but this game proved a challenge both for my skills and my patience.   The biggest challenge is just working out how the game works, never mind trying to work out how to win it.  Until you fathom out the former the later is an impossible dream.If you have the commitment and patience to overcome the poor interface design the game itself is well worth the effort.  But don’t buy it unless you have the determination and time to invest in establishing the mysteries of the interface.  It's really unnecessarily complicated and cryptic to say the least.Basically, great game hampered by a poor UI."
,Recommended,275290,18317049,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Brutal,"i've played a lot non-steam version.Personally, I'm not a big fan of wargames and hardcore simulators: just average an player who likes challenges. Graviteam Tactics is the best RTS I've for a while. I was worried I wouldn't pass the learning curve, because it would be boring but I dived into the game in the first 30 minutes. I just chose a random scenario, and after that I got the idea. You don't have the direct control of your units. You just command; like real officer, to your comrades.They will obey, but do the job with initiative and figure the best way to do it themselves. Also, you got to establish and keep radio connection to receive info/give orders, like in real war. Also it has no stupid limits in physics. So if you shoot with an anti-tank rifle it will be the same as it is in real life, no more kiddie's limits like in Company of heroes.WW2 scenarios are very close to real history, And yea, there isn't stuff like ""balance"" in this game. You will suffer as you try to stop Nazi armadas with anti-tank rifles and few cannons and no one will help you. Forget about balance. All weapons are accurate to real life, no stupid limitations. So for me Graviteam Wargames is a milestone in my experience, and trust me i've played a lot of RTS, it has great potential. All it needS is PvP and some polish like a shiny engine and style. But Graviteam is a small team of enthuasiasts from eastern Ukraine, Kharkiv. Despite your political views devs need your help with money. Don't let the great idea die, support and enjoy it.ProsFresh unique gameplayAtmosphere of warSound(I got an endorphine boost when heard russian winter sound and dog barking in Shilovo42 campaign)Optimization -- runs smoothly on any 5 years old year RigHistorically accurateGood ballistics and physics -- you just feel it, cause its based on real stuff.Large variety of campaigns. WW2, Afganistan 80s, Africa Cold war 90s.AI is smart. Always trying to flank you. He is playing for objectives, and doesn't want to destroy you. So you need to surprise him, ambush, suicidal attacks, call arty on youself, whatever is neccessary.ConsLack of style, it's just brutal like in any wargame. But, maybe thats the style itself?Graphical engine is out of date, models are detailed(late DLC) and you can buy new textures for the first DLC.Ugly «burn the eye» types in menu and in-gameIt's on sale now. I advise you to buy Shilovo42 and Operation hooper if you're fresh to the game."
76561197972094945,Recommended,275290,25017652,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Froggyluv,"As an old gamer, this game at first infuriates due to utter lack of any real explanataion of well..anything!! Wasnt really turned on by anything early on except feel of vehicles plowing thru snow on winters night. The only hook that kept me trying to find ""that feeling"" was the testimony of like minded players just saying ""be patient. it gets good"".Well, it finally got good. Real good. So good its really messing up my work schedule and my eyes look zombified. There is just so much done right here in terms of the deep, deep unerlying mechanics of the game that its hard to cover, but trust me it is very good. Just dont expect to jump in and start having glorious battles, this is one game where sometimes it feels good to retreat -thats saying something in todays market of ""Im a God -God mode me bro!""Once im finished with this (which im not sure is possible), cant wait to move onto sequel Mius Front with all its new and improved goodie-ness."
76561198002933633,Recommended,275290,11549895,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,animalshadow,"ENG:First of all - I had sceptical attitude to Graviteam tactics, but my friend recommended this game to me.I've said - ""Ok"" and tried demo - it was a worst experience I've ever had with wargames.In case with this game's demo, it is true. Demo version is unpatched and very unfriendly to new players.But you know, I've bought it at Steam store, cause friend told me - ""If you tried demo - you've tried nothing"".It's fun, but right after purchase I've spent my whole weekend trying to save 320th I.D. near Taranovka and this was best and fun experience what I had for the last year.Developer's love to details are great - terrain is beautiful, units and especially APCs & Tanks are modeled in amazing detail, game mechanics offer you so much aproachs to the game in operational and especially in tactical mode, that every time you start new campaign you will have diffirent experience.It's a shame that I have missed this title.According to devs site Graviteam Tactics have lot of DLCs - as soon as they'll arive on Steam, they're instabuy for me ;)Conclusion:If you are intersted in tactical wargame with operational elements, good graphics and unique gameplay mechanics - Graviteam Tactics should be your choice!RUS:Начну с того, что этот варгейм мне порекомендовал друг, до его рекомендаций и последующего приобритения по отношению к Graviteam Tactics у меня было скептическое настроение.Вначале я попробовал демо, но это было ужасно. Тем не менее, я приобрёл эту игру, т.к. по словам друга ""Даже если ты попробовал демо - ты ничего не попробовал"".В общем он был прав, т.к. демо не пропатчена и с первого взгляда очень сильно отталкивает.Вам покажется это смешным, но после приобретения я провёл все свои выходные спасая 320-ю пехотную дивизию из окружения и знайте,- это было шикарно, я давно не испытывал такого в играх.Любовь разработчиков к деталям удивительна - местность выглядит отлично, боевые единицы и особенно БТРы и Танки смоделированы шикарно, игровая механика даёт игроку столько возможностей на оперативном и особенно на тактическом уровне, что каждый раз начиная кампанию можно быть уверенным, что вы получите новую порцию позитивным эмоций.Очень жаль, что я пропустил мимо себя эту серию игр раньше - придётся навёрстывать.Судя по оф. сайту, Graviteam Tactics имеет немало DLC, включая современные сценарии(прим. Ангола) - как только они появятся в Steam, для меня это моментальная покупка :).Итог:Если вы заинтересованы в тактическом варгейме с элементами оперативного уровня, хорошей графикой и уникальной игровой механикой - Graviteam Tactics это ваш выбор!"
,Recommended,275290,22841873,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Hans,"+Realistic wargame.+Good detail of Unit (forcus on Infantry) is very awesome.+large scale battle in Tactical Phase(real time battle).+have a setting for set difficult to easy for beginner.+Night battle for me is have two choice in Night battle.1.wait for enemy get closer, for troop can detect and engage with them.2.use artillery spotter, to call flare support. (that good for preemptive strike or ambush)+Objective is have Only in operation phase but, in tactical phase you need to have own objective, Taken Keypoint or wipe out all enemy force if you want.+Mission Editor is very important for every strategy game, because some game is not have skirmish mode, and can recreate battle or create alternate operation or battle.-Dumb AI for sometime and enemy in operation phase is attacking but in Tactical phase they sitting in trench.-in default game is have two Campaign.1.Operation Star.one Battle for German and two Battle for soviet.2.Kharkov defence operation.two battle for German and Three battle for soviet.-For me about DLC, Zhalanashkol 1969/Operation Hooper/Shield of the Prophet is good to be dlc because year it based around cold war era and, WW2 dlc i think it shouldn't to be dlc.Overall is very Good game"
76561198101326212,Recommended,275290,12676576,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,gen.latrommi,Very realistic and tatctical. Lots of planning involved on the  campaign map. It's something new and rich and I think it wasn't targeted for a North American market. That's what probably makes it so different.
76561198053503180,Recommended,275290,30158667,Posted: 24 February,all,Markusmarx,"Wargaming Guilt.My SS soldiers had assaulted a soviet unit holding a river. Due to my soldier's skill and an unexpected ambush, all the soviet soldiers were on the ground shell shocked. However, they had not technically surrendered even though they were too shell-shocked to use their weapons.I watched as one of my officers shot a soviet soldier cowering in the snow in the face. I watched as a soviet communication man hiding in a bush was shot in the leg. And somehow survived and screaming somehow surviving the shot in the leg. He was shot again and again. Eventually dying screaming.10/10 Best Game Ever gave me crippling depression."
76561197960948341,Recommended,275290,15854940,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,a432,"If you are a fan of strategy games buy this, you need it in your life. Similar to total war series where there is the turn based phase (called operation phase) and the real time phase (called tactical battle phase). So think total war but WWII and this is the game. However the scale is much smaller as you are fighting for a single city municipality region instead of an entire country. Also no base building but you do get reinforcements. The AI does a fair enough job, although you will wish they made this game multiplayer. This is a slow strategy game like sins of a solar empire where patience pays off. My only gripe is on the line of sight system, I swear to all things explodie that I should be able to shoot something but yet my guys are like nope can't do boss. Also pro-tip wait for sales as otherwise $15 per DLC is kinda a rip....All in all Great Game 8.5/10"
,Recommended,275290,15332479,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,goodpoints,"Simply put, the best tactical wargame around, cardboard or PC. It's not all that difficult to learn, nor is it loaded with tedious micromanagement, so don't be indimidated thinking this is the land version of Harpoon/Command:MNAO.  However, it is time consuming and the slower pace will likely bore those without a serious interest in Eastern Front military history. The manual/tutorials are not very helpful but the UI is really quite simple to pick up with some experimentation. If you've played less realistic games like the Wargame series, Combat Mission, or Theatre of War you should feel some familiarity. As far as subject matter, it's primarily WWII eastern front, but DLC operations are available to expand it into the rarely covered Angolan Civil War as well as a Sino-Soviet border skirmish and a hypothetical Iranian intervention in the Soviet-Afghan War. (unfortunately if you want an actual Soviet-Afghan War scenario, you'll have to look to GT's other game, Steel Armor)I consider Graviteam Tactics to be the first honest-to-goodness tactical land combat sim, sort of like the squad-level version of Command Ops. No gimmics, no turn-based time segmentation, no motivational speaker leaders rallying troops on to heroic feats; just cold hard weapons statistics.  Graviteam is also renonwn for their tank sims so every weapon and ammunition type is individually and accurately modelled against every type and section of armor (yep that's hull, superstructure, and turret!) for range, ballistics, penetration, etc. It's also the first game on a small unit scale to seriously model communications and command & control: issuing orders requires a level of 'command', which is increased by such factors as being near the commanding officer, squads operating together as a platoon/company, and the presence of comms units. Your units will not always follow your orders, or enact them the way you planned, and once a squad becomes engaged, it can often be very difficult to modify it's orders. Other vital soft factors are accounted for as well with very granular systems for morale, supression, and fatigue.I can find little wrong with the core tactical system, it just works. The only major flaw is that close quarters combat can get a bit wonky, soldiers often ignore enemies a few feet in front of them and often rush into hilarious melee combat.(alternately exchanging rigidly animated kicks and rifle butt strikes) I'd also like to see a more fleshed out orders system with more control over unit frontages, support weapon usage, line of advance, etc., or the AI's performance in those regards be improved. Some more hotkeys would also be nice.The operational system serves primarily to generate skirmishes, but there is some nice detail in the way of fatigue from moving on the operational map carrying over to skirmishes and supply lines for fuel & ammo. I'm a bit baffled why a square grid was chosen for this though as it has the tendency to generate odd engagements (with all units within a square area being drawn into battle) and encourage some gamey tactics as far as unit positioning. A hex grid would have worked far better imo. It doesn't detract all that much from the game, the heart of which is in the tactical mode, but it can cause frustration at times.You really have to play the game to realize the level of ambition here. Just astounding. Blows every other squad-level tactical wargame out of the water."
,Recommended,275290,13620145,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Krax,"good game, bit of study/learning involved to understand all game concepts, but a cool simulation game. i think its a must have for all you war strategy demigods out there!"
76561197976753956,Recommended,275290,16346264,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Wyatt,"If you like these things. This is hands down the best ww2 strategy game on steam.-Realism (this is as real as it gets, huge armor penetration tables , realistic ballistics)-difficulty (all of your soldiers will get wiped out, multiple times, because they ran out of ammo)-Satisfaction (after winning a overwelming victory its incredibly rewarding)-Scale (its big , very very big)If you love ww2 and strategy games and are willing to get used to a weird learning curve (once you get it , everything falls into place) just buy the game. Its a crime how under rated this game is.Tips for new players-Line of sight is everything, make sure to check it. Because you might THINK you have your guys in the perfect position. only to find out that a slight incline or a bush is blocking their line of sight or line of fire-Dont habitually mash commands like starcraft, it actually ends up confusing your soldiers. Eventually they will go insane and literally stop listening-No the game is not broken , if your guys are suddenly not doing what you say , they either have low moral , are tired, or their commander was killed."
76561197971318294,Recommended,275290,10173518,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,seany1977,I found this game by accident and read good reviews. So I downloaded it. What a great game. It has a steep learning curve but after I watched a couple of You Tube videos I was away. A reviewer  said it plays out like Total War where you move counters on a map and then zoom into live action 3D when a battle occurs. As soon as I understood that it made things alot easier.I love how battles are very organic and unexpected events constantly happen. You have to have your best strategy head on to get the upper hand in battles.I love the game. It is one of the best 'wargames' I have played for along time. I wont say RTS game because it is so much more than that.
,Recommended,275290,13888352,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,MarvinARVN,"This is a legitmately good game, more detailed than any tabletop wargame I've gotten a chance to play, and the manual is now in English.  The company is Ukrainian, so here is an ancient joke from the country:A Ukrainian man is in the forest cleaning his gun.  His wife runs out of the house.""The Russians have gone into space!""""All of them?""""No.""He continues to clean his gun."
,Recommended,275290,23174954,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Brunswick,"I grew up playing games like Close Combat and Combat Mission, but I always felt like those two games could be improved upon. Close Combat, particularly the 2nd and 3rd games in the series, were a great mix of highly tactical combat with campaign systems that allowed your units to fight battles which affected future battles and operations. While the later games went on to have bigger battles and maps, they lost a bit of the magic of the early games where the battles felt much more like struggles and where your past mistakes could lead you to be stuck in situations in Arnhem, or wherever, where you had 4 squads and needed to hold on for a half hour to get a decent cease fire. On the other hand, the Combat Mission series took the war to 3D but kept the extremely complex morale system and tank combat. Yet I never found the series quite as engaging due to a lack of any meaningful campaign system and clunky, abstracted interface and graphics. What I always wanted more was a strategic system like that of the later Close Combat series mixed with 3D graphics, and I think I've found that in the Graviteam Tactics series.I've now played a handful of different operations on some of the expansions as well as the original map and I've enjoyed it immensely. There was much talk about the terrible interface and whatnot in the reviews, but I think if you've played Close Combat or CM the controls are more or less normal, especially when using the right click interface to use the most common movement commands. That being said, the learning curve here will still be large for anyone new to the series and you probably won't do well your first battle. Incredibly, the game starts you out with a night mission where you will probably wonder at first if the game is even working. Once the first firefights kick off and you see tracers flying you'll probably be entertained enough just watching, but most people will probably be baffled as to how to do anything. The graphics and sounds as a whole do a great job of making you feel like you're really in a frozen battlefield, though the sounds aren't the highest quality.I somehow won my first operation, despite having no idea how it really worked. I still don't really understand resupply or what half the indicators mean, even after reading the manual. But it's still a ton of fun and gives some really unique gameplay. The strategic layer adds a ton to the game, leaving you to make the decision to press for an attack with weakened troops or hold back and regroup. Sometimes you'll find yourself forced to defend for the 6th battle in a row with a couple of platoons reduced to a few squads with no ammo in a town reduced to rubble. When it comes to the battles themselves, they're an hour or less in length and vary wildly in how they go. At times you'll have battles where you and the enemy immediately cease fire because you're so weak. Other times you'll have a 45 minute long running gun battle with tanks exploding left and right and hundreds of casualties.Generally your men do what you tell them to do, though you don't need to micromanage too much in this game. Even just using the right click command modes, there's a great variety of commands to give you flexibility. Morale and command are modeled well and I haven't seen many times where my men reacted in unexpected ways. Most battles I have played I enjoy, even when getting destroyed by the enemy, which happens more in this game than I'm used to from other games! Enemy AI tends to be smart and will maneuver around you if they find a way. Cover is well utilized in the game, with buildings, forests, hedgerows, etc giving your men cover in what feels like a realistic way. Using certain commands you can tell your men to find cover when they get to a place which is a great feature.That all being said, this game isn't perfect. Tank pathfinding can be terrible and inexplicably dumb. Tanks will sometimes crash into a tree and not realize that they can back up and go around it. Sometimes things happen when it comes to the results of a battle which make no sense, and there's no real explanation of why you just knocked out 10 tanks and lost none but got a total defeat. Sometimes your men decide to lay in a field rather than the fence with bushes 5 feet away from them. But my biggest complaint thus far is with the friendly AI units.In operations where you have allied units they will be AI controlled on the strategic map as well as in any battles where you have your own troops involved. I have found that on the strategic level they're worse than useless, with Tiger tank units moving to a far off, peaceful corner to defend nothing while Russian tanks destroy my lines just to the side of them, or my lone KV units deciding they just don't feel like fighting battles and moving behind my lines to hang out. If by some unfortunate event end up in a battle where you have all infantry and the AI controls your tanks or AT guns, forget it and just run away. The tanks will probably go get stuck in a ditch (or in one case, my AI tank decided to crash into a destroyed tank hull and get stuck there) or drive off away from your defenses. The AT guns will probably be in the middle of a forest and will ignore that road 20 feet away where the enemy tanks have to drive. Luckily, I've read that you can turn the AI control off and use the units as your own, with some penalties, which is still much better than letting the AI ruin your game.Overall, however, the pros far outweigh the cons. This is a highly realistic, beautiful wargame which is a great successor to the Close Combat series. If you always wanted a 3D version of that and found other games lacking, this game is worth checking out. The AI isn't perfect, but the enemy AI at least is generally good and can beat me much of the time. The DLC that I have played are all very cool and well worth picking up, especially during a sale when it's 2 or 3 bucks for an operation which should give you 10-20 hours of new gameplay. I plan on buying the next game in the series once I've finished this one and all the DLC I bought, and I expect it to be great as well!"
76561197971732382,Recommended,275290,31702890,Posted: 12 May,all,Paul,Great Game worth the time needed to learn it. This is a very well made game and the graphics really good for its age it can be mesmerizing to watch a night battle with starshells flares tracers secondary ammo explotions smoke ..great stuff.The Ai is very good too it exploits weakness and will stop sending troops into a choke point meatgrinder if it gets too ugly.Alot of the maps troops etc are historic accurate.I recommend this game.
76561198026184618,Recommended,275290,23877555,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Uncle Timo,"BUY IT.  BUY IT NOW.The UI takes all of 10 minutes to figure out.  The communication, control and command (C3) will take weeks.This is better than Combat Mission, because while CM is one battle and it's over, this has whole operational campaigns which are DYNAMIC and where you place your troops, tanks, AT guns, commanders on grand map then translates into tactical combat.So you have both operational and tactical layer.Brilliant."
,Recommended,275290,34988650,Posted: 15 September,all,Azir,"""It's one of those games"", that's what I planned to make my review about. Until I put more thought into it and realised it's not ""one of those games"". It's the only game of its type.1. Full, FULL command simulator. No pixel lives, no cursor-following 'units', you're someone behind the lines holding a map sending orders through radio, wire telephone, or voice. Through command-chains2. The most realistic combat simulation I have ever seen in a strategy/simulator game3. ♥♥♥♥♥ons of potential playtime (8 campaigns in stock game, up to 100-150 hours of play-time) not mentioning DLC's4. terraformable terrain. A feature that I greatly appreciated in MOWAS.5. Night-fighting, lots of it. Realistic, confusing, intense, pure unfilterd night-fighting.6. I'm gonna have to resort to using the sentence ""this is one of THOSE games"" here - It's one of those games that don't cater to title-bait casuals, this is made by a small dev-team that doesn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about selling and more interested in spending hundreds of work-hours into obscure conflicts or battles that took place around their homes. It's not Normandy/Omaha beach or Stalingrad or Kursk or the Ardennes or whatever attention-grabbing battles to people with a very generic view of WW2, I never learned about things like Kampfgruppe Peiper until I played this game. This is one of those games that cover many conflicts some people never heard of7. Cold war DLC's. Straight-up the most fun I've had with this game. Includes a massive fictional tank-battle set in an alternative-history scenario if you want to fulfill your western-vs-eastern massive tank battle dream.8. Physics. This game is old, but their physics game is on-point.I don't know what else to mention, but overall like I stated at the beginning. This is not ""one of those games"". This is THAT game, one-of-a-kind, only of its type."
,Recommended,275290,10573276,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Unknown_user,"This is a hardcore rts set on the eastern front during world war 2.the maps are huge to say the least where you can sometimes spend 30 minutes to even find the enemy but equally you both cuould stumble onto each other in the middle of a wood.its accurate down to small details like weapon penetration, and tanks continuing to drive after they have been hit, slowly loosing  a track while leaving a burning trail of fuel as the crew are incinerated. yes its brutal and realistic as the engine is basically a tank simulator converted for strategy game usage.be aware its a russian game so expect the odd language issues"
76561198014227166,Recommended,275290,12811017,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Face of Insanity,"Probly the best battle sim game i have played in a long time, the DLC's are a must also, theres so much to this game im still learning things here and there, playing one of the largest battles the game slows down, but that is to be expected on my rig thats fairly old, but it still plays pretty well with no glitches or bugs, i highly recomend this game :DTL;DR 10/10 buy!"
,Recommended,275290,11985413,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Wintermote,"The Bad:Too easy - The AI isn't challenging in the slightest and does not make any real use of tactics beyond ""charge straight ahead"".Doesn't have multiplayer, so you can never get an actual challenging match.Default version on Steam has a game-breaking CTD when you increase game speed - requires hunting down a patch outside of Steam to fix.Expensive DLC in the $10-$15 range, each of which only add a couple scenarios. (Perhaps ~4-8 hours of content each, at best) Not worth the price and over half the DLC isn't even available on Steam anyways.The Good:The fundamental core mechanics are good, the gameplay is good, the UI is good, and the game runs pretty well.But the above issues, especially the lack of multiplayer, really hurts the game overall.This is a game that absolutely necessitates multiplayer to overcome its greatest shortcomings: Easy AI and lack of content.In light of the fact that I /have/ put a good number of hours into the game (though most on my record are from idling with the program open), I've decided to change my review to a recommendation. But know that without multiplayer support, this game is seriously missing out on replayability and challenge."
76561198138890042,Recommended,275290,23325940,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,gribelo,"Graviteam Tactics: Operation Star is a WW2 heavily realistic RTT game.You are taking role of a commander in a series of historical decisive battles taking place around Kharkov a Soviet megapolis and important industrial and scientific center. Battles are fought in two steps, first you make chess-like turn based moves on the operational map and then you fight a series of corresponding real time engagements.Main game concepts and mechanics are direct descendants of Close Combat series. With squad level control, attention to morale, weapon loadouts and rough realism, however visual part of game is a huge leap ahead. You will find one of the best 3D scenery you ever saw in strategy game here. Lighting, shading, weather effects, complex landscape,terraforming, etc.. Everything looks great and really belivable here and Total War series is the closest what comes to mind if you want to compare visual style.Battle part provides from \""little\"" to \""no\"" compromise in this game. Single bullet hit usually means dead soldier, mortar shell on your position usually means dead squad and enemy tank is your  worst nigthmare. Germans are mechanized, better equiped and organized, so all Soviet campaigns are even more hard to play. No balance or helpfull scripts here. DEFEAT means DEFEAT.Absolutely must have for everyone who like challenging realistic wargames. Game is pretty old, but dont be fooled by that, it looks perfect and dont have even close analogues anyway.PROSStrong concept, mix of Close Combat indepth detalisation and Total War beauty.Photo realistic scenery, dynamic weather and day\\night cycle.Realistic physics (terraforming, ballistics, weight, traction and torque for vehicles, etc..)REAL night battles (this will impress you)High replay abilityAI capable to surprise (you will see)Realistic and hard wargame not for everyone, no balance and cybersport ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t (you are warned)CONSLimited choice of locations and units (compared to mainstream games)Not the best unit animationsVoiceover is trash (who needs it anyway)No fancy tutorials (not a big problem for a dedicated wargamer but a nightmare for a casual)Some questionable things here and there (just couple of them)Heavy impact on system. Forget about recommended system specs. You will need a TOP 2016 hardware to turn everything on.No multiplayer (biggest dissapointment)Highly recommended!9 out of 10"
76561198008331975,Not Recommended,275290,25724063,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,pmarvin7,"I'm giving up on Grav Tac Oper Star...sadly, because it's a well-designed work, with great atmosphere, and the feel of authenticity.  But its interface is too complex, which makes its infuriating lack of meaningful documentation a deal-breaker.After many hours poring over user tips, guides, and You-Tube videos (kudoes to the folks who produced them), I still get lost in the simplest functions during tactical battles.  ""Stick with it...tough it out and you'll be rewarded...trial-and-error will lead you to the right processes"", say many on the forum.  But forcing new users to do this is no way to treat your customers!But let's be constructive; maybe the producers can yet correct the two major issues:1.  Rework the tactical battle interface towards simplicity; but most importantly:2.  Contract (with Beta tester or online-guide/video author) to produce a MANUAL.  An organized pdf document, with illustrations, is now common, and folks like these could produce a good one quickly.  (That illustrated text file is an afterthought, and manifestly inadequate.)I'd like to come back to this fine product after the above, and reward the designers with DLC purchases.  (And thanks again to the guide/video makers with whose work I spent many hours.)PM[Note to Steam:  You bear some responsibility to inform potential buyers when a product isn't documented.  Please post on your Store page, alongside other factoids about the game, the presence/absence, length, and format used for its manual/documentation.]"
76561198009419239,Recommended,275290,13148998,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,nstudt,"Outstanding tactical waregame. This game nails it in terms of realism, stability and AI. Like CM without the huge bugs."
76561197970690486,Recommended,275290,13377739,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Murkz,One of the hardest and most frustrating RTS games I have ever played but I keep playing it! I also have all DLC and am looking forward to Mius....A great simulation and worth every penny if you like World War 2 tactics.
76561198030864003,Recommended,275290,10327623,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,alexisneverlate,"""All that is gold does not glitter""""Diamond in the rough""its just about this game.Casual gamers - run away from this page, this game is not for you.Others, who wish to experience the true difficulties, complexities of being a battalion commander of ww2 on a 1-1 scale - welcome in.If you stay long enough, you will see just how much ahead of its time this game is.Worth every penny for hardcore strategists, who love thinking and ww2 history!P.S. Played a lot of non-steam game, bought this to support the devs"
76561197999937701,Recommended,275290,21978686,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Maestroshake,"Graviteam is a Ukranian based game developer, the same one responsible for acclaimed Tank Sims like Steel Armor. In Operation Star, they have very much brought their extreme attention to detail to bear on one of the most well-rounded WW2 RTS games on the market. Highly detailed renders, an expansive selection of units, massively scaled engagements, and a well developed campaign mechanic make Operation Star one of the most tactically realistic games out there, with countless opportunities to make the Ostfront yours.The downsides: To play the game well, you face  a sizeable learning curve, as Operation Star will walk you through multiple interfaces that can control units from the company sized level, all the way down to the individual soldier. The interfaces themselves can be somewhat esoteric and time-consuming, and there are many ways to make mistakes. Communication lines, supply, morale. All of these things can work against you when first learning the interface.Operation Star is also very graphics intensive, with its massive scale and sometimes overwhelming number of units. The optimzation is not ideal, and the issues will be taxing for older or less powerful platforms.All in all, Operation Star is intensive and not without its issues, both in gameplay and system requirements, but you are very much getting into a game that will provide an immensely accurate and realistic depiction of what it takes to command an army.9/10"
76561198024495517,Recommended,275290,13918690,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Gringo,"Bit of a learning curve, like everyone says give it a couple of days and you will get there. Heaps of videos in youtube and great DLCs."
76561197992022758,Recommended,275290,11951467,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,MOTHER LOVER,Great war game if this is your jam. Nice balance between the strategic management and the high intensity combat.
76561198132514002,Recommended,275290,27869420,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,cemtufekcioglu,This game has one of the best game mechanics in any of the wargames. It tries to be as realistic as possible and it succeeds in that in a lot of ways. Unit communications and morale are modelled in a very realistic way.  Armor and bullet modellings are top notch. Weather effects on unit performance are also modelled in a very detailed way.You can run this in a modest hardware and the graphics look gorgeous anyway.Speaking of the cons it has a lot of waiting sometimes. Nothing happens and you just wait. Even if you use the time compression it is not very effective and you wait anyway and you cannot skip. Otherwise this game is perfect.
,Recommended,275290,14298925,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Simdeck,A fantastic game with some quality tactical elements to it. I love the fact it's none scripted which makes the replayability  great. It is open and almost sandbox in it's approach which frees you up to think about how you tackle each battle. This is right up there with the likes of Combat Missions if not better in some respects.
,Recommended,275290,27658757,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ArmchairCaptain,"Unlike some other tactics simulation games (CM e.g.), this one does not put players in the role of God over their forces. When playing as a company commander, a player doesn't teach a single rifleman where to find cover or when to throw the grenades. Instead he controls the platoons and squads through the chain of command with his authority restricted to his position."
76561198057633592,Recommended,275290,15844546,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Eclipse22,This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ WW2 buffs buy this now you will not find a better experience anywhere else trust me i have tried. The only con ive had about this game is there is a learning curve but once you get around that theres a diamond in the ruff. Amazing game. Great job to the developers.
76561198024278107,Recommended,275290,17674562,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Volksgrenadier,"Graviteam would have to be my most favorit Game. I like playing CHO2 and MOWAS2 But Graviteam tactics is somthing els  once this game is complete this will be the an amazing historical ww2 game. I have only played about 50hrs of Grav and have so much more to learn! also I havent won much battles because the one battle isnt the same as the last! :) I really hope that they make the ''Battle of the Cherkassy Pocket'' jan-feb 1944 that would truly be the greatest :)Just giving you a heads up....This game is generaly deep and involved in setting up, you have to think carfuly about each battle in setup mode and understand what your troops can/ cant do! this can take some time. If you are one of those BF4/COH2  ''rush in think later players that cant stand losing!'' this game might not be for you!"
76561198026048450,Recommended,275290,28123063,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,{E-Z}Poli,It took 16 years for Close Combat 3 to get a worthy succesor.
76561198061398544,Recommended,275290,14069149,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,miltonlost1,...As close as one can get to reliving the battles on the eastern front!!! The detail and research Graviteam put into the game is unparalleled in my opinion; This is a must have for any war strategy enthusiast!!!
76561198019846652,Recommended,275290,33465086,Posted: 11 July,all,joachim peiper,"This game is a time machine :).Its made with love , passion and respect for the soldiers who died in ww2.its blitzkrieg mission kursk but in simulator version.Only negative things i can say is the lack of multiplayer with an easy operation builder included and AA units ^^ :).Besides this i recomand this game for sure and shows again that Big money is not the key for quality."
,Recommended,275290,32403122,Posted: 13 June,all,Ickie•°,"When i first bought this game it wouldnt work i got the infamous black screen and NO units just snow drops,6 months later i got it going......So Graviteam dont optimise their games and they dont seem to like nvidia cards too,considering that,this game GTOS for short has come out on tops out of all the graviteram games and its alot cheaper too.The units all look much better than MF and the latest Tank battle wich is awfull.Get GTOS and its great DLC for less money than the other two and you wont go wrong.it looks far better,if you get the settings right,yes i said before these games are not optimised they dont even recognise my latest gtx1070 i have to alter the memory myself it doesnt pick it up.But i reccomend this game over the other two in this series,you get more bang for your buck too.And it still looks far superior to their latest mess.And if you come across the Dev id be Nice if iw as you!..."
76561198025733104,Recommended,275290,13696967,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,darthodinarius,"Realistic, exciting and tense, it`s the best wargame I`ve tried so far. And that comes from someone who finished the Close Combat 3 campaign 17 times :)"
76561198074253436,Recommended,275290,26514886,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,mikaelyan,"Ok so I played Mius Front first so I didnt have any nostalgic bias. I can definatly say Mius Front is the better game in general. Control over units is far superior and ai seems better. Also the way Mius Front organizes squads is better imo. I dont like how you can not spilt squads or  seperate them from their halftracks in OPstar. Very unwieldy. If I had to pick one - Mius Front. Both have good content and campaigns.Update: I have played more OP Star and have come to appreciate its differences. I heard someone in forums say OP Star was more of a ""simulator"". That's a good way of putting it. You do not have as much direct control over your forces as in Mius Front. This is a good and bad thing. It's bad because you have less control. It's good because it causes you to plan better and creates a more nail biting experience.The campaigns are also smaller, you have less men in each battle. That also changes the dynamic.Overall I love OP Star in it's own right. It is a different experience and I would recommend getting both games if you are a fan of either. Stick with it, you will feel like you troops are dumb and your vehicles will pull donuts until YOU understand the command and control system. OP Star requires more patience and a more economical approach to giving orders.Dont write this game off thinking it the poor brother of Mius Front!"
76561197982349464,Recommended,275290,29804864,Posted: 9 February,all,melmoth2,This isn't for the casual gamer. There's a steep learning curve but once you get your head around the relationship between operational planning and tactical battles then you have an intensely realistic and unpredictable recreation of the Eastern Front. Very much a grognard's game on the same level as Command Ops 2 or Command: Modern Air/Naval Operations. The attention to detail is staggering. In night battles tracer rounds light up the snow. After the first artillery barrage all the dogs in the village I was defending started barking! Highly recommended for anyone looking for an ultra-realistic simulation of the Great Patriotic War.
,Recommended,275290,13253466,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Ragga,"An Intense RTS - realistic in the best way possible:  slow movement, true fog of war, lines of comman (unit will not take orders if they are pinned, out of range, or lack communication - cool feature), etc.Although there is no MP, the SP is very enjoyable if you are interested in hardcore war strategy... this is no CoH RTS and you will find yourself lost for the 1st several hours, but there are several Youtube videos and the Community Hub has a few really helpful individuals.Also... the DLCs are pretty sweet and go on sale at least once a month..."
76561198054146168,Recommended,275290,34490620,Posted: 25 August,all,TheMidnightRider,Probably the greatest tactical-operations level WW2 wargame on Steam. Its a masterpiece!
,Recommended,275290,17373613,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,STU,"Damn! If it wasn't for Steam's glorious sales I probably never would have found this beauty!Judging by the name it sounds like some sort of idie space game, but boy you'd be wrong, this is the next WW2 strategy game you've been looking for.If you're like me and have alaways been saying ""Why won't they release a WW2 Total War already!?"", this game is for you.Easy to pick up and it's just super fun to watch your armies tracer rounds light up the night sky as they decimate the enemy line."
,Recommended,275290,25375144,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,GrenadeBait,"LOAD HEAT...!HEAT UP...!FIRING NOW...!!!!...WHAM...!!!ON THE WAY...!!!!...KABOOM...!!!GOOD SHOOT.Almost everything about this game gives you a sense of what it was like. The look and feel segway you into a glimpse of warfare more than 70 years ago. From the interface screens to the planning elements, you feel like some colonel trying to meet orders with limited resources and equally limited intelligence.The graphics are pretty good, with realistic environments and equipment. The physics seem to have been worked out fairly well, and movement and ballistics make sense too. The all important line-of-sight seems to have been treated well and you don't get a lot of spectacular through the trees and around the hill shots that spoil your day and make you say 'what the funk'!The only beef I would have is in what seems to be a bit of a weak AI. It sometimes seems to sit on its♥♥♥♥♥and do nothing, which could also be considered realistic when you factor in that sometimes if you want something done right, you gotta do it yourself.Another weakness is the interface for the 3D environment and for the map overview. Both are gorgeous and really give you that sense that you're at war and it's World War 2. However, the myriad of symbols and controls can be overwhelming and this leads to a steep learning curve in the game.In fact, I think most people will not appreciate the game, or won't even be able to get into it, because of this very high level of realism and poor interface design. For me, it took a while to get into the game and I absolutely love realistic simulators.This game is pure old fashion strategy and tactics: It's great at S&T, it's great at simulating mechanized warfare, and it's great at illustrating the past. However, for the more casual gamer it will overwhelm and possibly bore, but if its reality you're after, then welcome to the battlefield buddy...Seriously, with more polish and a few changes, this game could be used to instruct at the troop or even squadron level for basic mechanized warfare."
76561198039732455,Recommended,275290,10035977,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Pseudokun,"A fantastic game, i love WW2 and strategy games in general and boy does this game push my buttons. Lovers of depth will find alot of joy here. Give it a punt and see"
76561198046533401,Recommended,275290,15706802,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,primoaurelius,"a fun, but hard operational level combat sim. line of sight and positioning is VITAL. you move units into place on an operational map, and then fight tactical battles on a battle map. the DLC make this game much much better. recommend for those of you who enjoy a challenging combat game with lots of depth"
76561197973552330,Recommended,275290,15802246,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,XOskeletal,"Anyone who liked the first generation Combat Mission games, would definately like to have this game. I can already tell my $6.59 didn't go to waste."
,Recommended,275290,13617161,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,PMK,"If you like a chalenge, strategy war games and an extremely high learning curve, BUY IT!!!!!"
76561198002461925,Recommended,275290,18972343,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Porkibus,I came across this game quite by accident. There is virtually no advertising for it anywhere. And that's a real shame.GTOS is an outstanding tactical military game. Bit of a learning curve but there are good youtube vids you can watch. A lot of great details and features in the game. To top it off you are never quite sure how things are going to work out.Some really interesting DLC available for it as well.It's a diamond in the rough!
76561198008444445,Recommended,275290,15882443,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Monster Fart,"Original Review May 2015Amazing game. Just bought on sale and a couple of DLCs as well. The game is as advertised, a Battalion level tactical game set in eastern front WW2. You command your Regiment on a strategic level while your battalions on a tactical. The DLCs provide a nice modern twist. Well worth the money. If I didn't have my capital tied into other investments, I would invest in this developer and have them create more of this genre on the western front during WW2 and some more modern conflicts.Updated Review March 21 2016Worth every penny and it never gets old."
,Recommended,275290,30342719,Posted: 5 March,all,Foster,"*Waiting for Russian assault on encircled troops, sees tanks* ""Oh, they are stuck in snow."""
76561198002672444,Recommended,275290,15250263,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Javolenus,"I played a lot of pc wargames over the last 10 years. This is one of the best. Huge, detailed, beautiful maps. Huge, detailed, beautiful OOBs & Equipment. Several DLCs expand from WW2 to the modern-era. There's a lot going on -- and so there's quite a bit to learn -- but if you have patience you will be rewarded. The games comes with many campaigns but I usually set up custom scenarios via the ""quick battle"" editor. The game models realistic command & control -- so don't expect to issue 100s of orders & have them immediately obeyed. In fact the AI is capable enough to handle the details, so it's best to lay down a simple initial plan and then watch it play out ... whether your win or lose, the game always feels realistic, and is therefore very immersive."
,Recommended,275290,15089178,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Haddedam,"An amazing RTS,  next step down the ladder from MOW into the depths of wargaming.This is a neat game which offers a mixture of Total War lite, and Men Of War with realistic ranges, more realistic ballistics and penetration, less Russian bias.This game is the first time I've felt scared in an RTS, facing the unknown number of enemy from who knows what direction, but hearing the sound of their engines and tracks, while my Recon crawls around trying to figure out what is happening.Another very interesting aspect is the simulation of command: You don't issue orders telepathically, they have to go through channels, reach the troops and be issued.  Giving bunch of orders ends up with nothing being done and confusion, giving one order and watching AI act it out works nice.Overall fun, detailed, realistic RTS with a little learning hump at the start.PROS:>DYNAMIC SNOW>AMAZING ARMOR PENETRATION SIMULATION>DEPTH AND REPLAYABILITY!>LARGELY CUSTOMIZABLE DIFFICULTY>AN RTS THAT FEELS FRESH>LOTS OF DIFFERENT ERAS AND BATTLEFIELDS WITH THIS REASONABLE DLCCONS>hi-res texture dlc price makes people angry>Slavs got drunk and crashed the AT gun I gave them into a fence>a chunk of the game is hidden behind a large learning curve>HUD and UI needs to be designed by an proffessionalBuy this game, cause the studio has been doing what they love and they do it well."
76561198007440668,Recommended,275290,24664218,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Strongboy,"Forget some of the more clunky cousins of this family of game style. This engine is agile, it's intense and provoking to realistic historical scenarios. You will find yourself and your opponent blundering into eachother in a messy and oh so rewarding gambit. Often times you will be in awe at the sheer aversion you will develop to assaulting entrenched enemies.This is the real deal, and I've played most Hardcore wargames.If I might make the reccomendation of combining GT:OS with Gary Grigsby's war in the East for a complete and highly articulate Third Reich-Soviet war wargame experience.Clunky cousins, do some review.. you have some catching up to do."
,Recommended,275290,15000497,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Randall,"Graviteam Tactics brings certain elements to the table not found in many other RTS games.TL:DR at the bottom.First off the game does a wonderful job of mixing turn-based strategy like the Total War series, with real time strategy like Men of War and Wargame, but also mixes in a beautiful level of depth similar to Hearts of Iron.GT has several levels/phases before you actually start fighting.  Now, before you get too far, you need to understand that just because the game is similar to the games I mentioned above, it is also very different in other areas as well.  For example the phase that reminds me of Hearts of Iron is the Operational Phase where you are looking at a macromanagement screen moving units around the table to strategic locations.  Here you can rearm units, interchange between other platoons, and give them movement orders all while being careful not to move them too far due to fatigue and fuel usage.After the Operational Phase comes the battle phases, starting with the Deployment Phase.  Simply put this is at the micro level where you deploy your squads at the beginning of the battle.  In the screenshots of the game you'll see a green, red, yellow, etc. grid system.  This is confusing at first but that is basically telling you what the terrain is like in that 10 meter section of ground.  It basically tells you the cover rating, if you are able to trench, etc. but this grid will go away after you deploy.After the Deployment Phase you will have the Initial Orders Phase where you will be able to give your many units some orders so that you are not rushed once the Real Time aspect of the game kicks in.  This is a very important phase in my opinion and can be the difference between you winning and losing.  I like to really plan out my tactics and strategy in this phase and really take the most time here so that I'm not wasting time later on.  This will also help your overall command level which is very important later on.  Basically, unlike Wargame and Men of War, your units will not just follow your orders directly every time you tell them to do something.  In fact the more orders you give them the less they will obey.  You have to remember that most of the battles taking place in Graviteam Tactics are taking place before the use of satellite radio systems and you have to establish a wire connection for most orders to get to your ground troops.  This is something I find very enjoyable and different than other RTS games.  You can actually see your wire teams working to establish communications for your officers.Once Initial Orders Phase is complete you will be fighting in real time.  This is where the RTS kicks in and you get to see the bullets fly, and let me tell you, some of the explosions and tracer fire is top notch in this game.  You can zoom all the way in and really get a feel for the action.My only recommendations are to buy the Vanilla version of Graviteam Tactics and possibly wait for some sales for the other DLCs.  I was lucky enough to get most the DLCs free from a friend, but I really like all of them.  Each DLC has something different to offer.My only gripes with the game are the voice acting (when you zoom in real close).  They are not really done the greatest but it's not something I really care about.The other thing is that there is no multiplayer which is a complaint from many players.  This is what I think holds this game back from being more popular at least.  It doesn't mean the game is bad by any means because it's very good really, but it would be really fun to play with other people either through Co Op or against them in head to head or even against someone in a full scale campaign where you could potentially save progress.  I know a lot of people out there prefer to play Single Player anyways, so that they can take their time, it would still be nice to possibly play with a new player who is trying to learn the game.  It's awkward to teach someone while not being able to show them the ropes first hand.  Other than those two things there is absolutely nothing I have to complain about.  I know others have complained about the User Interface but I don't understand those complaints at all really.Just be aware that the game is NOT something you'll be mastering straight out of the box.  It really takes some expirmentation and practice to get a grasp on.  But if you like a difficult challenge and are willing to put the time then this could be one of the best RTS games you've ever played.  I'm not sure if there is a demo or anything, and I know there isn't a whole lot of good videos on youtube or anywhere else, but if you're ever interested in seeing the game you can PM me and I'll screenshare with you on Skype or here on Steam.P.S.  If you end up buying this game and really enjoy it, I also recommend buying Graviteam's Steel Armor game here on Steam.  It's basically the exact same game, but you're able to jump in and fight with two tank variants;  the M60A1 and the T-62.  There is also a game called Steel Fury which has a few World War 2 tanks but is not available on Steam at the moment.Anyways, thank you Graviteam for making such an awesome game and I hope you all can find the time and money to purchase this incredible game for yourselves.TL:DR...-The game is very difficult but very well worth the learning curve.-Total War series meets Men of War meets Wargame meets Hearts of Iron = Graviteam Tactics.-No Multiplayer-Bad voice acting when zooming in, but who cares really?-Somewhat expensive DLCs but just wait for a sale which happens pretty often for this title.-If you end up liking, check out Steel Armor: Blaze of War (on Steam) and/or Steel Fury (not available on Steam currently)"
,Recommended,275290,14102213,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,VictorQvintus83,"Great game!The interface can be a bit tedious before you get used to it.The gameplay is hard, real tactics are neccecery to achive victory, my ordinary RTS ""more men into the fire"" tactic is not working very well in this game :)Sure you can win some battles with this tactic but you will end up with broken platoons and out of supplies before the campaign is done.The visualts are ok, i mostly spend my time zoomes out to get a good overview of the battlefield.Im used to oldtime strategygames Harpoon etc. so visuals isnt high on my list anyway.Only bug i´ve encountered is that the game CTD when trying to speed up timecompression, not a big problem either i enjoy the 2h operational parts."
,Recommended,275290,10851113,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Jaffacake239 [20th AIB],"I LOVE THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME! Graphics are nice, models are brilliant for a stratagy. And once you get the hang of it, it is very fun!EDIT: I posted this review quite a while ago, and while all of the things above still apply i have found the true potential of this game. If you love a realistic game, this is what you want. The places this game can go. The scenarios that they can bring out, if they continue to listen to the comunity then this will truely be one of the best games i have ever played. Which brings me to the point of the DLCs. As much as they are good, they are a little expensive. This however is countered by the fact that they have sales quite often. They release new DLC every now and then which shows they still care, which is the thing we all care about the most."
76561198007904734,Recommended,275290,22165753,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,DiegoDog68,"For me it is an awsome game. Good graphics, extensive game replayability. Own all of thier titles and just got Mius front which is having some birthing pains but it looks like it will be another title for this company. Highly recommend"
76561198274010039,Recommended,275290,31902246,Posted: 22 May,all,sergentguns85,I like it but needs anti aircraft guns badly because it's pointless to even play this game if u abosolutly have nothing to use against aircraft like small arms can't do crap against aircraft like the IL 2 which pretty much a armored monster in the air so please add anti aircraft guns to your games or there going to be pointless
,Recommended,275290,28698051,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Nativemann,"Helped continue a great series, and keep the stepping stones coming.10/10 would stick with Graviteam"
76561197970404448,Recommended,275290,14315010,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,-2d- Oucheh!,"For those who like the strategy wargames deep - this is it.The learning curve is daft and not made any easier by the fact that the developers are a small Ukranian outfit whose English translations in laymans terms 'suck♥♥♥♥♥♥. Compound that with a non-existent tutorial, hard-to-fathom controls and confusing user interface and you'll  begin to think this review is dooming the game to hell.You couldn't be further from the truth.Yes the controls need to be clearer.Yes you have to invest time before it makes sense.Yes you will be frustrated.But by god you have THE best strategy game bar none.A strategy game that is a grognards wet dream, that rewards and punishes in equal measure but leaves you wanting more. Only battlefronts Combat Mission series can hold a candle to Graviteam Tactics Operations Star (GTOS) but Battlefronts offering doesn't have GTOS beautiful graphics, huge sprawling battlefields that retain the carcases of the dead (human and mechanical) in future battles.Post battle AAR is amazing, every vehicle details every hit taken, which were superficial, which penetrated, which caused the kill shot, its a sight to behold with the vehicles often looking like virtual pincushions.The devs are a commited bunch too, constantly updating the game and I just love them for this game!One thing I would love to see added to GTOS is a turn based system the same as Battlefronts. GTOS is so beautiful yet I often find my self zoomed out to view the larger battlefield missing the incredibly detailed untis and the stories that unfold of indivual units in combat. This is one area that Battlefront is incredible, with the option to watch, re-watch a mintues worth of action from the battlefield at any angle.Anyway GTOS 10/10!"
76561198023023915,Not Recommended,275290,13012530,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,hagakuremoi,"This game is like an upgraded version of Theatre of war, The game consists of individual missions, there are different objectives in each mission but apparently the true victory conditions are domain of terrain and enemy casualties. The game starts in a map when you move your troops and finish your turn, then the AI makes its moves and the battles begin, you click on the battle spots and the battle begins where you move your companies and vehicles. The battle time is roughly an hour.ProsIs realistic, your units need supplies, the engagements occur at realistic distances and the graphics are great.ConsUseless tutorial and useless manual, complicate controls.The playability is very confuse,  for example your tanks get stuck for no apparent reason, you can have 7 tanks against a single platoon of infantry without AT weapons in open field and you cannot attack because your tanks are stucked. In the strategical map you cannot move your units with freedom even with no enemy presence, do you want to amass your troops for a full attack? you can't.In general an interesting game with great potential but it needs a complete rebuild of its interface.I played the first two missions of Operation Star"
76561198026256384,Recommended,275290,22773930,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,57fight,"Fillmonov had never wanted to be a soldier but when the motherland called he took up arms, assigned as the leader of a small squad of artillery spotters in Makeev Halit's regiment. He didn't know much about the operation they were being sent on, only that the Germans had holed up on a hill and needed to be dislodged so the army could advance. It was his first taste of battle. Makeev led the regiment through a forest quietly and everyone thought that the germans must have gone home as they had received no fire. That notion was ended as they reached the end of the woods and ran right into the german's dug in fighting positions. They had been waiting and opened fire. The lucky men managed to get into cover behind trees and soon Fillmonov was one of the senior leaders still standing. He tried to call in artillery but the chaos of the battle made it impossible. Makeev went down to a burst of machine gun fire and the regiment was scattered to a few pockets of men desperately taking cover. Unaware of their prediciment the commisar ordered them forwards again. Fillmonov refused the order and instead stayed in cover behind the trees with the few remaining memebers of his regiment. He could tell by the gunfire in the distance that the other regiments were also getting hammered by German fire and he just kept his head down and prayed that they would break through to rescue him and his men. This didn't happen. Fillmonov took a fatal rifle round to the chest just one minute before relief arrived to sweep over the German positions. His regiment ended that battle with only three men left standing. All were killed in the battle to take the next german position farther along.10/10 would madly rush all of my regiments into machine gun fire for the glory of the motherland again"
76561198071724942,Not Recommended,275290,21672775,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Latios,"I have no idea what I'm doing and no indication on how I'm doing...the game is a wash with too meny complicated controls and very little information. It has very little in the way of viewing the battle, and no explination in what I'm supose to do."
76561197965074200,Recommended,275290,28513855,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,71st_AH_Mastiff,"What a truly RTS game and very detailed set up...The new walk through briefings and hover mouse lables working. and what is what buttons, is awesome.Now I can play with out trying to figure out what all the convoluted buttons where for."
76561198021816241,Recommended,275290,15898126,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Cenobite,"As a fan of its closest competitor for many years, I failed to give GTT the attention it deserved, Big mistake!Persevere with the initial interface confusion (clean but complex), forget the ""chess"" style play you may be used to and be prepared for the single most brilliant and realistic RTS war game on the market, period."
,Recommended,275290,15979996,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,The_Hermannator,Alright so let me state my opinion on the hidden but very enjoyable Graviteam Tactics: Operation Starthere are many problems with this game but even so it is still very oddly enjoyablePROSlots of diffrent unitsno 2 battles are ever the same or have the same outcomevery nice sounds other than voicesvery realistic morale systemvery realistic tacticsCONSvery bad animations and very fewvoices for dlc are straight from google translate :)hard to learn at firstoverall i rate this game a 8.9/10 it has some problems but it is very enjoyable and i recommend it to anyone who likes fun stratagy games. if u need help with anything look it up in the descussion guides.
76561198016032401,Recommended,275290,25447446,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Dajve Bikinus,"Best WW2 game ive played. Not like Company of Heroes, Assault squad etc. This stands alone. Takes a little while to get used to, but when you get it, its great. More hardcore than the ones ive mentioned. Looking forward to trying the sequel Mius Front."
76561198074306850,Recommended,275290,25407041,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,yetiwso,"If you are into historical war gaming or have ever played a miniatures War game get this game.  The learning curve was steep, but after owning it for a couple of months (like 4) I decided on a business trip I would learn it to see if I liked it after playing Blitzkreig series.  Needless to say I was impressed.If you are looking for a simple game mechanic, this isn't it.  But, if you are interested in a well researched tactical battle simulation that far surpasses an ordinary RTS game, this may be for you."
76561198019417237,Recommended,275290,14991994,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Hauggy,Lets hope they can make us a decent tutorial for their next game because I had a very hard time getting started.The game is not bad but lacks a bit of historical accuracy especially concerning the skins of the vehicles.Certainly a great strategy game imoFor 5 or 6 € I can only recommend it !By the way there is no multiplayer lol I know right ?!? I thought it was a 21th century game but nope more like a copy/paste of previous titles with few improvements.The actual name of this game is achtung panzer apparently :P
76561198104377869,Recommended,275290,15909574,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Frank's Pickle Barrel Ass,"If you're looking at this game while it's on sale, just buy it with all DLCs.  For about the price of a movie ticket you will have years of enterainment in terms of both cinematic presentation and extraordinary depth.  The various game options allow you to make it as easy (arcade-like) or difficult (intense wargame) as you want.Engrossing on every level: operational-level campaign planning, tactical-level warfare, beautifully accurate units and environments, wide-ranging theaters of war, skirmish modes, military encyclopedia, real military honors awarded to your troops in real time and more.You will have to understand formations, logistics and the order of battle.  The game rewards proper organization of battalions, companies, platoons, squads and commanders.WWII buffs: in the Krasnaya Polyana DLC you can use a Russian Infantry Division to hunt down and kill Commander Joachim Pieper as he leads the exact units Pieper actually used to rescue encircled Nazi soldiers in 1943.Buy it and invest the time it takes to understand it.  You'll be entertained for years.Because there is no multiplayer, it's important to note the AI is good and replayable in this game.  That's impressive to me because I've found no challenge in other games' AI, such as the Wargame series, Close Combat and Combat Mission.  Somehow the Graviteam AI is strong enough to keep me coming back."
76561198048923063,Recommended,275290,15808010,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,marcares,A deeply detailed and realistic war game simulation but a steep learning curve.
76561198013533191,Recommended,275290,16339308,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,richlux,This is World War 11 strategy game 5 years ahead of it's time. In 5 years I might have figured it out! An absorbing variable strategy game with a steep learning curve....but worth the investment in time. It is not an arcade game. Interestingly not much web info on the game which is surprising . Wish an updated manual be re-issued.
,Recommended,275290,31424091,Posted: 28 April,all,Peursum,Took a while to get used to it. But its a good game.
,Recommended,275290,11460352,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,YOUR DRUNK UNCLE,"For those who seek a more groggy experience in RTS games, check this game out. The UI is horrid but it works very well once you figure it out."
,Recommended,275290,15820566,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Fausty,It's basically a modern Close Combat.5/5 Would lose an entire company of vodka chuggin' Ruskies to a squad of Wehraboos again.
76561198088932500,Recommended,275290,15995841,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Smile | V.Š.,"Heard about this game by chance and being a  WW2 nerd, decided to give it a go.So far I have not been disappointed. Quite the contrary. It really is the ultimate WW2 RTS simulator. There is simply no other game that is so detailed and thought-through than GTOS.I must admit that it took a couple of hours of me watching Youtube tutorials and walkthroughs (Arch Warhammer has a nice channel) to actually start somewhat understanding how to play it. But it is worth it once you get an overall idea.So, apart from developers trying their best to make sure that people do not play this game (inexistent marketing + awful tutorial), I must say that the game is a blast. You really feel that a lot of love was put into it.Verdict: If you are into the history of WW2 and want a game that offers a realistic and fun experience, go for it! But be prepared to commit multiple hours of your time to just learning the basics. Steep learning curve."
,Recommended,275290,21993569,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Austria-Hungary > Prussia,I as the soviets defend a hillGermans charge everything they have at said hillGermans begin overwhelming my troopsI call in all arty I have on my hillI kill almost every single soviet on the hillThe germans retreatDecisive soviet victory.
76561198037825772,Recommended,275290,21600120,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,ジーザス!?,worth every single penny
76561198033984592,Recommended,275290,22789931,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Steve,i played as 90s era South Africa fighting Nazi Germany on the China kazakhstan boarder10/10 would use 90s tech and still be crushed by Nazi Germany again
76561198010199313,Recommended,275290,13230916,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,=BKHZ= hnbdgr,"Admittedly hard to get into due to a counter-intuitive UI, once you're in you're not leaving.It is THE best wargame for history/strategy/military minded people. I was looking for a close combat series successor with enough depth and this game has it all and more.9/10 if the UI + sounds were better then 10/10"
76561198063543879,Recommended,275290,13247566,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,jmaxj,"I prefer Combat Mission, but in many ways this game can provide a more epic experience, as my old laptop can handle many more units on much larger maps without sacrificing too much in the way of graphics quality. It looks and plays great, and the campaign is a really nice touch, but the lack of multiplayer is disappointing as the AI can only do so much."
76561198062101479,Recommended,275290,17944934,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,76561198062101479,"When i started to play it, This game threw me completely.You may find, as did i, that the start up phase is a little confusing . However , when you see how it works, it is in fact quite simple.If like me ,you need a little visual aid to get you going, then there are some tutorial vids on youtube.   The best of which is one by , simdeck- actually its for steel armour. But steel armor is made by the same crew that make this and the setup maps etc are exactly the same.  OH ,by the way,  please dont be put off by the simplistic view you get from the setup map.and ignore all the squares . They soon go and it gets a whole lot better when the game actually gets going.The playability is very good. and the AI seems to be quite inteligent. For instanse, allied units you dont have control over, will sometimes move up in support of your units. all very clever stuff.there are a few things i would like to have seen changed however.   The close up CQB is a little off , not so much beyoneting as teeth kicking in, you will see what i mean as the game goes on. And sadly , there doesnt seem to be a multiplayer version , which is a shame . Well, maybe in the future eh.But despite that, for sitting at home and directing battle after battle . This game does get a thumbs up from this armchair general.  Well worth staying with it."
,Recommended,275290,15983150,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,angelosnau,"Best battlefield depiction I've seen in a game,combined with good graphics."
,Recommended,275290,16445117,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Chef,"Awesome game! I have never played a similar RTS. This game is so incredibly realistic. It just takes so many things into account like fatigue, experience, morale, communications, command, etc. Super steep learning curve but if you just dedicate an hour or so to getting the basics down, it will be worth it. When I first got it i was completely confused and I regretted buying the game but I tried it again about a year later and it suddenly just clicked. This is probably my favorite RTS. Although the scale of the battles can be massive, the small details and smaller fights feel great too (unlike Wargame Red Dragon in my opinion). If you are interested in WWII, the Eastern Front, or RTS in general, this is a must have"
76561198024819187,Recommended,275290,16668784,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,General George C. Marshall,"This is a great game, it has a lot of deep and replayability value. It is extremely realistic and its damage models are amazingly detailed!. Get it NOW! luckly I got when it was on sale!"
76561198049942897,Recommended,275290,24063147,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,SoupDragon,"Really like this game alreay. Picked it up in sale with DLC and just starting to get to grips with the basics. It has a learning curve - partly from a slightly non-intuitive UI and partly due to complexity/options involved - but underneath, the actual mechanics of playing are faily simple. Similar to Total War games in that you play a strategic layer and then resolve battles yourself. The battles are at a slightly abstract level compared to say combat mission, but much more realistic and (I think) more interesting than say a Wargame: game such as European Escalation.It's obviously going to depend on your interests and game play style, but I've been looking for a game like this for a while.. and great to find this one. After a couple of early crashes (one solved in support forum) I've found it pretty stable so far (early days but some play sessions of several hours with no issues)..Visually it is not cutting edge by any means, but somehow puts in enough authentic details for the battles to play out amazingly well and in the middle of a pitched battle it can really start to be immersive to zoom down into each conflict.Control is more complex than a simplistic RTS style, but at the same time discourages 'micro' levels of control, making it feel closer to platoon or company leader levels of management, with some great sim mechanics including unit fatgue, state of mind, communication system (telephone, radio, flare etc) and as far as I can see ok AI for everything below your level of control (snipers automatically take cover in belfries, machine gun teams auto deply, soldiers ride on tanks etc).At sale price definately worth a try, but if you like the genre and didn't know about it, it might just be a 'find'.. Plenty of lets plays on Youtube to watch before buying if still unsure"
76561198113053873,Recommended,275290,24662029,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Lorenzo,"This game is very realistic and slower than most strategy game out there, but it is a lot of fun. If you like games like Theater of war or combat mission then this game is for you"
76561198058629794,Recommended,275290,25403262,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Homicidal Llama,"its is really boring at first but then you play it for 20 minutes and 21 hours later you emerge from your hole going ""WHAT YEAR IS IT!""To summarize, it's brilliant."
76561198107647426,Recommended,275290,25417393,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,MilStratSur,"Just now getting the basics 2hrs in and Wow this game is amazing! It's got so much to learn and to sink your teeth into, but once you start getting the hang of it it is a beautiful thing. So, keep at it, there's a few really good YouTube tutorials.. Seriously this game is the real deal. It's like the Arma of RTS. Definitely worth every penny of the sale price. Can't wait to learn more about it and get back into it. Has me thinking of strategy all day long.."
76561197993864252,Recommended,275290,29044269,Posted: 5 January,all,†VLAD THE IMPALER†,This is the best World War 2 Stratagy game I've ever played period.
76561198001071964,Recommended,275290,30044803,Posted: 19 February,all,Stalkerfriend?,The game is good. My command vehicle drove into a ditch. 10/10
76561198010185603,Recommended,275290,14534118,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Michael Wittmann,Well good game but... my tiger hit t 34 5 times and been killed  by this t 34 with 1 hit.... no multiplayer big - but game is quite ok and hard lol!!!
76561198119502396,Not Recommended,275290,26544327,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Baron | Internet down on and off,"I wanted to like this game, I really did. But I just can't. Though the strategy is a good concept in itself, the interface just seems so clunky and a lot of content seems to be missing, such as a tutorial actually showing you how to play. I get it's a steep learning curve and all, but I shouldn't have to search the internet to find out how to call in off-map artillery.Now, I'm not saying it's a bad game, because it's not. Actually the game is pretty good, but personally I just can't bring myself to enjoy it as others have. Mius Front looks a whole lot better, so I'll give that a try when I can, and hope for the best."
,Recommended,275290,25092606,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Alex,"This is one of the, if not, most compelling game I have ever played... but also the most frustrating (You will note by the amount of time I've played this game that it's good frustrating)You study the units under your command, their type of weapons, speed, all historically modelled and then you carefuly construct and work out a plan of attack... over many attempts and probes you make one that will work perfectly, maximise their losses for minimum casualities, off go your men.It worked this time!! But the AI adapts to your moves and and defeat you time after time, though this just makes victories that much sweeter.If you love military history get this game, it rewards you for your work and effort and you really wont regret gettting it."
,Recommended,275290,25907191,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,|RD| Nahkämpfer,"I have never been so excited being this confused. Once I figure out how to really play this game, possibilities are endless. The other reviews are right, there is endless replayability. If your new to these types of games like me, really take the time to learn how everything works and how to really command you armies. Read any and everything you can, watch youtube videos. It all helps. If you try to go click crazy like in COH, you will be destroyed rather easily and swiftly. For me it adds a whole new dimension when you you have to account for sending your convoys down roads. In other games all your vehicles just off road like no ones buisness. I only bought this version because it was a bit cheaper, but now that i think about it, i will pick up mius front as well."
,Recommended,275290,25487831,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,JWNoctis,"Fairly detailed, highly interesting. Learning curve is steep but fun when you figure it out. UI is not the most usable, but functional enough.And absolutely nothing else I know of had such an equipment library that covered both mid-WWII eastern front and high-Cold War era at the same time, and allowed you to pitch them against each other in some unlikely hypothetical scenario, if only to see how far land warfare equipments has advanced over the 20-odd years."
76561198159514699,Recommended,275290,35199322,Posted: 25 September,all,Spookbuster,"Brutally realistic, extremely frustrating, aids tutorial and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of fum."
76561197974913260,Recommended,275290,17812524,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,JimmyJazz,I really love this game. It's complicated and very hard to play but it gives you something more than other strategy games.I recommend this for every hardcore strategy fans.
,Recommended,275290,18284973,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,[EcG-S] Drake,"A very deep and rewarding strategy game.  I recommend this game but not to people who find it hard to learn computer interfaces. This game isnt like other games of the Genre in general. That is both a good and bad thing at times, the good however outweighs the bad in my oppinion."
76561198055372875,Recommended,275290,16472254,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Chadthony Fantano,The best strategy and tactical game I've ever playedMuch better than Men Of War or any other competetor
,Recommended,275290,17122389,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,falkowich,A very good but underrated way of playing some interesting and intense tactical combat
76561198021658679,Recommended,275290,16802584,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Noob Van Noob,"highly detailed and realistic tactical WWII wargame.if your looking for something more realistic than Company of Heroes and Men of War, get this.  If you're a fan of Combat Mission, get this.   this game is simply incredible.  it may have a somewhat confusing UI but if you can get past that, the scale and authenticity of battles in this game is completely unrivaled.  probably the best real time WWII wargame out there."
76561198246279712,Recommended,275290,22125643,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,ethanmcquivey,this is an amazing RTS game want a challenge get it if you don't your wasting time even looking at this game this game is a hardcore sim if you have no experience in RTS I would not recommend it has a little curve to learning but in all I think This is  one of the best RTS games out there hands down.
,Recommended,275290,14922718,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Sproink?!,"Brill-o-bananas game.The UI is opaque, it hates you but once you get to know it you'll get on fine with it."
76561198058899859,Recommended,275290,21919724,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Rollonleviking,If you want a deep military tactics and realism and historical accuracy then this game is for you. But beware this game is not accessible to everyone !
,Recommended,275290,10485779,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,erixx 11,Great realistic game.
,Recommended,275290,21910684,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Vander,"7/10Being from Namibia, this where the one of the theatres play out, so I like that. The engine is a bit old and the UI clumsy in my opinion. Very tactical and worthwhile, eventhough scenarios are a bit too short and not varied in scope regarding resoureces and strategical planning."
76561198022194768,Recommended,275290,34208524,Posted: 13 August,all,Rostov GTOS,stream打折又买了一次，gamesgate时代就买了，应该说GT系列沿着拟真战术模拟方面继续走下去了，战役回合制，战术即时制，指挥链，真实穿甲系统和交战距离，和那些血条，开视野，兵种相克的，是两个世界
,Recommended,275290,15792522,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Painless,"Outstanding tactical war simulator.  This has a steep learning curve but if you dig in and keep digging it will all start to make sense.The AI can be brutal at times, surprising you just when you think you mopped the place up.If you're a fan of tactical war games, this is a MUST OWN for you."
76561198023020277,Recommended,275290,18326505,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,DutchDefense,Great strategy game. Strange that I only discover this now.
76561198030980450,Recommended,275290,15848787,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Tallestdavid,fun but slow pace combat.
76561198029035848,Recommended,275290,16517527,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Cardinal,"hehe mosin is best wepon in sobiet armies fritz is♥♥♥♥♥♥-Takes german fire-OF ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S GUN IS MALFUNCTION ND I OF BREKINGS RADIO-Mass casualties-I AM OF ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S PLS SOBIET COMMANDER DO TCTICS PLS-Order not sent-PLS COMMANDER OF DOINGS ORDERS PLS-Order not sent-COMAND PLS I AM OF DEADINGS YES?-Order not sent-*Dead*-yuo of are failings of sobiet commands, is timings of removal ob sobiet leder.-Game over.10/10 Suka ♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,275290,18309449,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,PLAYERUNKOOKED,The most realistic RTS everSo nice
,Recommended,275290,32204871,Posted: 5 June,all,average cuck...,hooper is an awesome dlc
76561198259178940,Recommended,275290,26665236,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,paulsapo55,LOVE THIS GAME GREAT EASTERN FRONT LOOK
,Recommended,275290,24194634,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Alex ☭,"I liked some parts of the game despite it having a steep learning curve. Technically, what killed it for me was that if I changed literally any options it would crash and not make a difference the next time I launched the game, and since it was lagging with the settings it was on I was frustrated enough to eventually just get a refund. This frustration stems from speaking with either just one of the moderators or admins of the game or one of the developers about it, which sadly didn't do much despite a really great try from this guy!Anyways, onto what I did play of it with my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥FPS.Like I said, the game has a steep learning curve. Other than that it seems that shrubbery dotted around the landscape stops your line of sight really fast (I don't remember if it was just a couple 100 meters with a Halftrack. I imagine that it simulates the field of view from mister machine gunner on top of it, but like I wrote, couple 100 meters of line of sight. Other than that I drove a convoy of tanks and halftracks into a russian ambush where suddenly a tank was on my left flank, and then a bunch more came, along with infantry from all over the place except for behind me, 70 meters from me. This is an overreaction about the amount of units they had, I just got rekt really hard. The part about them being 70 meters from me is right though. This is all like 40 minutes of gameplay out of the about 8 Steam said I had.I wrote this review at first with a dislike in mind but now I actually miss the game. Weird, right? I get the feeling that I missed out on a lot of the game by getting a refund... But it didn't work. It still gets a recommendation for what it is when it works, as I do like it in practice but there were technical problems.Edit: I got the game again with my new PC and it is now playable, 60FPS. I'm having a good time in general, but have not played much more yet."
76561198119622204,Not Recommended,275290,21013977,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Veriticus,"Tutorial is virtually non-existant and what is there is confusing and annoying (type-writer sounds while words are being displayed gets really old quick.) I shouldn't have to go to YouTube to figure out how to play a game. I read the reviews here and it seems like a game I would be interested in, but I shouldn't have to spend hours searching the web to learn how to play."
76561198049341711,Recommended,275290,22772699,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,jkhan337,this game is complex but fun.
76561198021183434,Recommended,275290,21845349,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,ZME_Matchstick,an amazing rts and is by far one of the best ww2 rts I have played but not the best ww2 strategy out there. Th UI and lack of a proper tutorial hurts this game very badly. The one thing that annoys me the most about this game is the very limited number of units. compairing this with Panzer Command: Ostfront and Combat Mission: Barbarossa to Berlin. Makes the game feel very stripped down.
,Recommended,275290,22862635,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Was it autism?,Make Guderian proud.
76561197983131478,Recommended,275290,18246986,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,loki1944,"This is an ok game, fairly similar to MoW, but with a bit more detail and bigger areas and number of units. If you play this thinking it will let you role-play what it's like to command /run operations for a company/company(+)/BN(-) you will be disappointed if you have ever actually done these things; this is very much a game first and a simulation second. The AI has some issues, but nothing game breaking. UI does not play well with multiple screens; it's either huge or tiny. All that being said it is still an entertaining game and if you like MoW then you will like this. Be advised that the camera controls are very clunky and the game definitely has a low-budget vibe, but don't let that throw you off; it's still fun times.Probably the most accurate way to correlate this game with something previously made is that it plays like  a 3D version of Close Combat III (but bigger map sizes and unit selection than G.I. Combat).There are some historical inaccuracies in the game, just a heads up for those of you that are into that stuff; for example the camouflage pants some of the Waffen SS soldiers are wearing were not issued during that time frame."
76561198123362577,Recommended,275290,21244263,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,dikiyyk,better than world of tank
76561198006759756,Not Recommended,275290,22517571,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,bbjay.hogarth,"I have to say I really wanted to like this game...BUT its learning curve is impossible for a casual wargamer like me- the tutorial is poor to say the least.I really did try to get into it, but this is meant to be lesure time,its a GAME for gods sake!!If I had wanted to go to Sandhurst or West point then I would have .Sadly the only good thing to come out of this is  the steam refund works  fine!!"
76561198064544628,Not Recommended,275290,24872892,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,warlordrex,I wasted 5hrs of my life with this game 2hrs of it were waiting for the AI to shoot the enemy tank the was 10ft away the AI has a hard time deciding if it wants to shoot or just sit with a thump up it's a**
76561198352202106,Not Recommended,275290,29773887,Posted: 7 February,all,Cumandtokeit1776,I wish I could play this on my monster PC but every time i get past the set up phase and the actual battle is to comence it crashes or just shuts down the game.  And it looks soo good!!!!  aaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrggggggggg!!!!!!!
76561197965447908,Not Recommended,275290,31088785,Posted: 11 April,all,rlg007,"Many bugs. Install bugs. Game play bugs.Very rough around the edges. Buy this game when it is on sale only. It has a lot of neat features but the UI and some game design choices make it frustating. You spend most of your time figuring out how to do what you want or trying to figure out what is going on. The UI feels like a beta game.** Update ** After playing a while, the game does not get any better. The good parts dont out weight the bad. Ran into another bug, I will have to restart the operation or reinstall the game, AGAIN.Just like George Orwell said, ""If you want a vision of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face forever."" This game is the boot and guess who's face it stamps...The bad -1. Battle maps too large compared to the forces available. You will find some battles where you have 50 guys to cover a couple square miles of battle map. The game, literally, will not let you concentrate your forces. The operations map (where you move your units before battle) limits how many units you can attack (or defend with). Every battle (EVERY one) will create a map too big for your forces. Large battle fields, 1 platoon per square mile, and a horrible battle field AI (more on this later), make for a pretty crappy battles. You might say, ""well some battles were small unit action. Sometimes You wont have enough forces to cover the front."" Well, what if I do have enough forces? I might be in a operation where my units are packed as tight as I can get them on the operations map. There are time when I have plenty of units on the operations map. Why would country send a couiple platoons into a town while the rest of the battalion sits and watches them die? If you have a battalion, why not send the battalion? Since you cannot concentrate any of your forces most of you battles will be one unit vs. one unit. Or two units vs. two units. Or three units vs. three units. All of the battles are pretty evenly matched. Most battles are battles of attrition. BORING.2. HORRIBLE battlefield AI. Yes caps. The battlefield AI has no clue what it is doing. It has not clue what the strategic points are on a battle map. And the game mechanics are built with the AI's limitations in mind.In one of my battles, I saw the battle map, saw a town on a hill (with a large objective marker), and I figured the AI just had to attack that town. There was not much else on the map -  some fields, a couple roads, some woods. My units sat in ambush, waiting for a battle royale. The AI slowly apeared from the left. My units waited for the perfect moment. But the AI did not advance toward the town or the objective point. The AI decided to take an open field to the far right of the village. The AI made a nice little parade in front of my troops. I openned fire, but since most battles are setup to be evenly matched (see 1 unit vs 1 unit above), the battle was not a slaughter. I might kill 2:1, but that is not enough.The AI has not idea what points are important. But saddly, the game does not place any importance on map points that would make sense in real life. The game has objectives sprinkled around the map. If the AI takes two objectives in open fields, while you hold the town at the crossroads, on hill the battle will end a ""total defeat"". All objectives are equally important to the game design, so all objectives are the same to the AI.This creates two new problems. One, it is hard to defend and win battles when the AI attacks random points on the map (it attacks random points and wins the battle). Two, since all objectives are the same (more or less) and maps are so huge that you can not cover it, the AI will win battles by sneaking squads around the map, capturing objectives. These ninja squads ruin the ""feel"" of the game. I have used ninja squads to take most of the points on the map...The game relies on huge maps with few forces, so the AI has a chance to randomly attack where  you are weakest. If you were able to concentrate your forces in some battles (if you have the units available), and have a more favorable unit count to map size ratio, the AI would seem even worse. So, basicaly, te huge map size and very low unit count is there to mask how bad the AI is at attacking the most important part of a map.*** Edit *** The good points, but my current campaign still has a ammo bug, so these good points do not out weight the many bugs of the game.-The one thing this game does very well is line of sight and projectile modeling.From what I can tell, very few things are abstracted in the game and this is a good thing. If you zoom in and it looks like there is a clump of grass in front of your soldier, then guess what, there really is a clump of grass there and he wont be able to see.Luckily, the AI that controls how the individual soldiers act is not too bad (I would give it a score of 7/10). Your soldiers tend to get behind cover correctly, but sometimes your soldiers will run and jump, and go prone in the middle of the street. Sometimes your soldiers will deploy at the begining of a battle in the middle of the street too and this can take a surprising amount of time to force the AI to deploy in a better position.As for projectile modeling, the game is well know for having accurate tank to tank modeling, but I lked watching infantry fire.In one battle the AI tried to converge on an objective in the rear of my lines (serious error on the AI's part) and had to pass between two other objectives on the front line, which I was heavily defending. As the enemy was trying to pass my men, they were getting a beating. A lone bren carrier made it past the main kill zone but found itself in the middle of one of my platoons and they were hosing it from three sides. The game showed the bullets impacting the bren carrier. It was ""funny"" to watch. The driver was killed and the bren crew kept firing. One by one you could see the crew slump over dead (the game shows a red cloud of of blood when a crewman is hit). When it looked like all of the crew was dead (the game marked the carrier as still alive) my men kept firing. It looked like the game still showed red clouds of blood when ever the dead men were hit again and again by bullets.Despite my disfavorable review, I will be looking for the next game in the series, Mius Front, to come on sale to see if it is any better..."
76561198011432984,Not Recommended,275290,18273681,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,twinny28,Cool game not bad for a sale. It just seems that it is a poor cousin to the Combat Mission series of games. Definately worth getting on sale otherwise look elsewhere.
76561198038466696,Not Recommended,275290,14766445,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Downright.,"Ok what I like about this game is that it is a difficult  IQ test and an excellent example of lateral thought to get it to start.What I dislike is that I am too damn dumb  to get it even set up let alone start . The manual has lots of werid symbols and man it is obscure but no use unless you really want  something deep to ponder or get very angry about quite rapidly. But wait you say who reads manuals anyway,  hasn't some guy done a walk through? He has but its a lot about his tactics,right flanking and pincer movements, where to deploy, etc etc, rather than"" just  show me  how  to get it to go' and then he fires up the big   guns and you can not  hear zip. I know this is a top wargame  and for it to be so it needs  to be complex and some brain required.But it also  needs a tutorial."
,Not Recommended,275290,18271571,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,尋覓交配對象,"I want the strategic interface like hoi while remaining its 3D tactical interfaceI just want they continue making it better you know a positive review will not make people to view it especially developersThe game has good base, however, it is extreme sad, that this game has too little contents to prevent it to be a remarkable one.The following contents is now missing:Battle of KurskSoviets counterattack of 1944 and the road to berlinGerman Units likePather, King tiger, wespe, Hummel jadgpather, jadgtiger, Elefant, Brummbär, Sturmtiger, Wirbelwind, Ostwind, PanzerwerferSoviet Units like Katyusha, SU-85, ISU-152, T34-85, IS-1 IS-2 IS-3you know this game HAS EXTREME GOOD ENGINE which is similar to close combat series, it will be extreme interesting that this game to be a 3D version of close combat series.Advantages of close combat is :you can upgrade EXPERIENCED units all over the campaign...it will be best if you can make us able to fight dynamically like in Hearts of IRONS series, such that each battle results will affect where you fight and the result of whole campaign.I know it is hard to make everything. but the engines is already there, so next to do is just make models and campaign history mapsand modern computer are so great such that if you want to combine a series of one campaign to a grand campaign or even making a whole grant campaign map like hearts of iron is not difficult and users computer should capable of running it.-it will be EXTREME FUN to upgrade all the units at the battles... and finally change the history after all-the 3D engine will be wasted if the battle of kursk of greatest tank battle is not shown-you can use facebook and steam to get users willingness to buy additional DLCs or even a ver 2 of the game!COH or COH2 also does not make a real good 3D engines such that this game had! So keeping going, mate!Thanks for reading."
76561198091607806,Not Recommended,275290,21063167,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,SteelxWolf,"very interesting but very boring at the same time. if u want to stare at boring gameplay, buy this game. but if you know better you wont spend this games 4 dollar gameplay when its worth 30 so no dont buy this"
,Not Recommended,275290,15940087,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,LuciasDA,"I'm really annoyed because I had such high hopes. Let's start from the basic's, when installed this game will come up with an installation error for no reason (later in the game it does this too). I know many people are saying ""well is your P.C spec correct"".. well after installing it on 3 different machines I can safely say that the issue isn't P.C spec. I have plenty of games on here with much higher demands and they are fine.After getting the game to finally run you have a lengthy tutorial on how to run the game. I will say now, that if you do not take RTS seriously turn away (take note: this isn't an RTS as its still very much turn based). One thing this game is great for (and is sort of its curse), is that you really need to think tactics and not just click away until your heart is content. Going back to what I meant in the tutorial, I really think this could have been simplified and sped up with a commentary tutorial (or have tutorial hints that aren't directly in the bloody way of what you are doing)....At this point the installation error happened once again. Frustrated I have looked online to resolving the issue and installed it over and over. I have play this game once and that involved me getting past the tutorial to be almightly !@#$ off at the £5-6 I just spent.I'm sure the game may have promise, but right now I feel like I've just had Steam and Graviteam (like two school bullies) shove me about and walk off with my lunch money."
76561198020921666,Not Recommended,275290,23838833,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Diddly Squat,"Triple Monitor PC SystemThis game does not support a Triple Monitor PC system and as such, the screen size would not change no matter what resolution I chose, so, I was stuck with all 3 screens active but the aspect ratio wrong which left parts of the map un-reachable.The game has a very steep learning curve as it is but when you try to learn with a triple monitor system, well, lets just say it's easier to breath in outer space then play/learn this gam. The lack of triple monitor support leaves me no choice but to get a refund.I did do a search in the files to manually change resolution/aspect ratio and also checked several fourms. This problem goes back several years with this series and the Devs have made no attempt to fix/address it, they simply do not care about those with triple monitor PCs.Bottom Line: If you have a triple monitor PC system, DO NOT BUY, it won't work."
76561197976385569,Not Recommended,275290,15689207,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,76561193681418273,"Game looks promising, but crashes way too much for me to make an accurate review. Should have only been a $10 game. Not worth the full price. Wait for discount."
76561198006756264,Not Recommended,275290,26508589,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Edgewalker,Interface
76561198000949711,Not Recommended,275290,18801090,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,tlsteel,Don't waste your money......B O R I N G!   (yawn)
76561198033834522,Not Recommended,275290,33583269,Posted: 16 July,all,6Taylor4,"Game Developers who try to reinvent the wheel (interfaces) usually end up with nothing remotely resembling a wheel.Interface is very bad. Unless you've played every other wargame in the world, skip this this one, or if you enjoy figuring out UIs and love tiny type, go for it."
76561198018608570,Not Recommended,275290,32177876,Posted: 4 June,all,Two Dogs,No amount of tweaking settings has resulted in a readable interface.  The text size is too small.  I feel this has been a waste of money.
76561198007748553,Not Recommended,275290,15846506,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,rzimmer,I can't get the  game to load .
76561198023031812,Not Recommended,275290,31141117,Posted: 14 April,all,skanner30,Dosent work..................................POS game
76561198007973717,Not Recommended,275290,15844844,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Joshua,I spent half an hour reading instructions clicking one after another of overly complicated hard to follow instructions. Dull.
76561198010284620,Not Recommended,275290,16365674,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,kwolf_80917,BAD!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,275290,31089898,Posted: 11 April,all,guidonthief,"Simply aweful. Horrible graphics, bland flat maps, impossible UI, useless tutorial."
76561198017759574,Not Recommended,275290,10194946,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,BadWolf,"All i can say is i wouldnt recommend this game for anyone with mid or low end computers because of how much cpu and gpu it takes up to play it, i bought this game but later found out it was to demanding on my computer to play and turned out to be a extremely hard thinking game with lots of strategy involved, more so then men of war. unfortunely i dont think i can get my money back but if you have a similar style of gaming or computer this game is probably not for you im afraid."
,Not Recommended,275290,14070987,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Moise,Is like a %*$# combine with icecream. The idea is genial but the gameplay is %*#$.
76561197967210579,Not Recommended,275290,32663171,Posted: 22 June,all,ranger1909,"Big Hearts of Iron fan and love COH.  This one is not intuitive, bugs out, hard to understand, and generally sucks.  Why this has positive reviews I will never really understand.  Do not waste your money.  I would ask for a refund but STEAM is STEAM.  I am almost done with STEAM and all this wasted time and money.  STEAM lost me on a lot of glitchy releases that you really cant get your money back on.  F this game"
76561198074855075,Not Recommended,275290,30647648,Posted: 21 March,all,Scaredhorsey,False advertising. This should be called Nazi Themed Historical Re-Enactment Simulator....
