user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,275850,25117102,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,rexwood05,"It doesn't actually feel like a real universe, there are no planetary physics and gravity is the same on all planets. There are no actual solar systems. The planets don't rotate around a sun but are stationary, sitting together in a blob. The moons don't even go around the planets.All of the various wonders of the universe (neutron stars, supernovas, pulsars...etc) are entirely absent.There are no stars, they're just part of the skybox but you can't fly to them.The 18 quintillion planets that was so heavily marketed isn't impressive when you realize what that actually means: if you took 11 things and come up with 50 variations for each, that is close to 18 quintillion combinations. Most planets are entirely the same but with different bumps and colors, they have the same objects on them and largely the same resources. Once you've seen the first dozen planets, you've seen them all.There is no actual differences between the ships, except the number of inventory slots. There are no ships specializing for say speed or combat.You don't have a sense of scope / scale to your journey. In the galactic map you can see other stars but there's no sense of where you are in relation to the center of the universe. Likewise you don't have a way to track where you were. No mapping or history, waypoints or other ways of tracking your progress.There needs to be a way to see how you're progressing and also give some meaning to how far you've gone.You can't actually fly between these systems or go into say the dark space or outer asteroid belt. The only way to travel between them is to open up the map and click warp, which initiates a loading screen animation and loads up the new planets. There is no deep space. You feel like you're in an instance with 3 or 4 planets that are mostly the same, then you load up a new skybox with a new set of similar planets. It's nothing like say Space Engine, where you actually do get a true sense that you're in a real universe.You can't even fly your ship. You can't fly low across a planet as there is an invisible boundary and you can't crash your ship. The controls are terrible, it has none of the complexity of other space flight sims.You can't manually land your ship, you simply press a button for it to autoland. Tons of other maneuvers (like entering a space station) are entirely autopilot.The asteroids which are everywhere have insane pop-in issues, they only show up like 50 meters in front of you.The freight ships don't move, they just sit there passively forever. They add zero gameplay depth.The space stations are all basically the same.The planets are littered with outposts, all identical and with a single NPC alien standing still and staring into the wall.The NPCs are entirely shallow, there is literally no point to even talking to them since they never say anything interesting and simply give you something random you likely don't need. Even the automated quest giving NPCs in Bethesda games that hand out those Radiant AI quests would be a massive improvement.All of the monoliths are the same, it's nothing but a chore to chase them down. The words you learn don't add any depth to your interactions with the aliens, since they never have anything interesting to say anyway.There are no actual biomes on each planet. Each planet is the same no matter where you land.The animals are build on 14 different skeleton designs, with a bunch of random animal parts scrapped on top of each section to maximize the number of permutations and there is no attempt to make the animal make any sense in it's environment or have anything unique in it's behavior. The animals have no evolutionary history and their behavior is incrediby shallow.There are no tall trees like were shows in E3, they're all saplings. There are no large forests, no large creatures. There are no large valleys, huge mountain peaks, no giant volcanos, all terrain is uniformly similar across planets.The grinding which makes up most of the game is not only boring, but frustrating due to the completely messed up inventory management.The interface is absolutely atrocious. It's amazing that it can be messed up this bad, the fact that we need a mod just to remove the requirement that you have to hold each click for a second speaks volumes.You need to load up a menu to do anything, and the menus are terribly designed and completely unintuitative.The game is a technical mess. It looks like♥♥♥♥♥yet runs with all sorts of framerate issues.The traveling on foot is insanely slow and tedious. There should have been a buggy or car, or at least some sort of fast jet pack like in Tribes.It fails as a survival game since nothing in the game leaves you threatened. Each planet is seeded with abundant resources, and the few things that do attack you are easily defeated. Compare to minecraft where there's a very definite risk / reward system to exploring a deep cave system. Nothing really threatens you in a meaningful way.The different minerals and resources don't really matter. Since most of the upgrades to explore the universe are yours within the first hour / two hours all the rest are kind of nice add ons.There's no challenge to exploring. There's very little combat and what combat there is is very boring.Inside a solar system there's no way to decide if a planet is interesting or not without actually visiting it. There should be some 'classification' of the planets e.g. class M, class X, etc that allows you to say a certain type of planet might be safe vs unsafe.All planets are accessible right from the start of the game. I was excited about the idea of acid planets, radioactive planets, cold planets ... I was thinking that in order to explore a radioactive planet you'd need to craft some special gear. There was a pretty obviously gameplay loop where the dangerous planets had better minerals / ruins / whatever but were very hard to explore. Instead every planet is basically just a copy of the others.The constant need to recharge things, which don't really serve a purpose. It makes the game very grindy without any positive feedback. Instead of feeling free to explore the world around me I feel annoyed that if I see something cool it means 30 seconds of tedium while I mine the abundant plutonium. I end up not landing and exploring because of how annoying it is that to take off again I have to enter a menu and recharge my ship.None of the aliens interact with each other or have any sort of AI other than 'walk around a bit'.There's nothing to sit and watch. An occasional ship will fly overhead but they don't do anything. You never really see a battle take place or the ships acting in any sort of interesting manner."
,Not Recommended,275850,25284231,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Mulgen,"Now on the store page:""The standard Steam refund policy applies to No Man's Sky. There are no special exemptions available. Click here for more detail on the Steam refund policy.""The fact that Steam had to put a disclaimer about their refund policy on the front of a game's sale page should give you more information than any opinionated review ever could.The game is a complete lie and everyone who bought it got scammed, plain and simple."
,Not Recommended,275850,25583628,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Xritav,"Pros-Lots of Space-Lots of planets-Lots of animals-Lots of Aliens-Lots of Ships-Lots of settlements/structuresCons-Lots of space filled with things that you've seen within the first 2 hours of the game-Lots of planets that have all of the same resources and are different colors/hues-Lots of aliens, but they apparently hate eachother and you will never see more than one in a settlement/outpost/structure/space station-Lots of ships but they all handle exactly the same way-Lots of settlements strewn out throughout billions of planets... that all look exactly the same and have one resident alien in themPlease, don't buy this game at full price. The only reason you should buy this is if it was <$10.(Edit: Forgot to tag in 'at full price' after saying Please, don't buy this game.)"
,Not Recommended,275850,25796818,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Queen Ayrenn,We need to petition a mass refund.
76561198006462621,Not Recommended,275850,25376543,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,BeatRoot,"All the things Sean Murray said would be in the game, but werent.-Faction's Waring-Amazing Ship Customization-Amazing Crafting System-Landing on Asteroids-Destroying Space Stations-Large Creatures Affecting The Landscape-Multiplayer"
,Not Recommended,275850,25760931,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,SONARIS,"The perfect scam:Bait players into playing past the refund deadline, using false advertising, so Steam won't refund the purchase.???PROFIT.Welcome to the future of gaming, folks.Edit: This review was a mistake.Edit 2: 1.1 update sounds like it makes NMS more like Empyrion, except it still costs > 3x more and gets less regular updates and additions. Just buy Empyrion instead."
,Not Recommended,275850,25085256,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Takedown223,"This game has endless possiblities.Almost all of which are not featured in this game.I had a great time playing this game.For the first 8 hours and then it was just a grind.I just couldn't stop playing it.Mostly because I hoped for something awesome at the center.But there isliterally nothingat the center.It actually takes things away from you instead.I got all the achievementsBut, I still don't have all of the blueprints.Message Found, Message Already LearnedThis Game is greatat wasting your time.18/18quintillionWould recommendtossing this game into a blackhole."
76561198127956930,Not Recommended,275850,25850966,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Veditor,"''As wide as an ocean, but has the depth of a puddle.''Angry Joe - 2016"
,Not Recommended,275850,25747267,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,tymon,Let this be a lesson to us all: never pre-order anything.
,Not Recommended,275850,25616494,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Fexele,"Sean Murray, thx you a lot.You taught me not to trust screenshots, videos and promises of developers before release of the game.You taught me not to buy something on prerelease to get some reward (especially that breaks the game)You taught me not to play game more than 2 hours to see, what else developers didn't include in the game.You taught me if game has a lot of bugs, crashes, FPS drops, bad optimization, localization - this is good reason to refund it, but not wait for fixes.You taught me never trust you and Hello games.I paid the price for this knowledge in full."
76561198046351280,Not Recommended,275850,24937494,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,ForcedPOOP,A mile wide but an inch deep. I can not express it better.
76561198030983684,Not Recommended,275850,25023960,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Tempster,"First of all, I really tried to like the game, and in all honesty, I do to a certain point. I pretty much achieved and did everything there is to do right now, the immersion is there, but everything else falls flat. This review is centered around the four cornerstones of the game.ExploreAs you may already know, the game procedurally generates a whole universe. This sounds, and is, awesome, but after a couple of systems you won't see anything special anymore. The planets are kind of the same and after a while you will know, if a planet will be worth it to land, or not. Landing on a garden world feels refreshing, but after two or three they too aren't that special anymore.The planetary physics are nonexistant. There are no gas giants, the sun is just a bright spot on a sky box, the planets aren't rotating, or moving at all. They are very close together which conveys a very unrealistic feeling.The plants and animals are also procedurally generated, but the pool is pretty limited and the animals' behaviour is also very limited. You can scan the animals to 'complete' a planet, but that's more a chore than fun.The real fun killer are the three space races, though. Every system has a station, every planet is inhabited by them, so every system is already kind of explored which actually contradicts the game's name itself.FightThe systems behind ground and space battle are, to put it mildly, shallow. The sentinels (the drones patrolling every planet) are just annoying and are canon fodder after some upgrades to your multi tool. Their stronger versions are destroyed with 2-3 shots of the same weapon. You still can just run away and your wanted level will be removed after a couple of seconds.The dogfights are just bad, plus they're only in space. Early on, space pirates are pretty much the only way you could die (I never died in this game) because they can pile up pretty quickly and your initial ship will suck at fighting back (more on ships later). With a good ship and some upgrades, they're just annoying again, otherwise you can just land on a planet or station and they will de-spawn. You have to recharge your shields manually in real time which isn't a good design decision.TradeThe trading system in No Man's Sky makes no sense at all. After just a couple of hours into the game, you will realize that units (the main currency) are pointless. The galactic trade market sells crafting materials and 'rare' items on a very limited scale and you're better off farming them for yourself.Selling things is also pretty much useless, unless you want to buy a new ship, but they are horrendously overpriced. Finding crashed ships on planets is way easier, cheaper and faster to get you a new ride. Crafting consumable items isn't worth your time because you can refuel your space suit and engines with the raw materials. Also, consumables and rare items aren't stackable which results in a very limited inventory (which is already limited in itself).Speaking of the inventory. Getting a bigger inventory is just a carrot on a stick. You can upgrade your suit with more inventory slots (the only place where your units are not pointless) and new ships have a chance to have more slots than your current one. So you will be interested in upgrading your stuff, which gives you something to do. But. With everything upgraded to the maximum, half of the existing crafting materials aren't needed anymore. The result is that you upgraded your inventory just to upgrade your inventory. After that, all the space isn't needed anymore and the needed crafting resources can be found on every single planet.SurviveAs I wrote earlier in 'Fight', the combat part of survival is very shallow, so are the more passive things in No Man's Sky. Most of the planets have a certain hostility modifier, like hot, cold, toxic and radioactive. The problem here is that as soon as you get behind the mechanics, it's very avoidable by just entering a building, caves or your ship to recharge your protection level, and you can do it manually, too. Again, with a properly upgraded space suit, hostile environments are pretty much nonexistent in the end game.Rare resources are paired with more hostile sentinels, see 'Fight'.Anything ElseEdit 28/08/16: Hello Games released some minor patches for most of the performance issues. I leave the outdated stuff below in brackets because it was important to me at that point. The fixes won't change my decision to not recommend the game.I don't want to comment the launch problems of the game because there are plenty other reviews out there already describing the problems.Outdated: (The performance problems shouldn't be there, and after two patches my game still crashes sometimes. Other problems, like FPS drops when entering your ship, aren't fixed yet.)I know that my play time shows that I had my fair share for my money, but I still think that 60€ was a bit too much. 30-40€ would have been okay for what you'll get.You will like the game when- you like farming for farming's sake- you just want to chill out and relax- going on interstellar sightseeing tour is your thingYou won't like the game when- you get bored quickly by repetitive content- you want to have a in depth trading or fighting system- you like realistic simulation- building stuff is important to you"
,Not Recommended,275850,26743603,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Elvis Prime,"I put my fair share of time in (nearly 36 hours at time of writing). I grinded out most everything. I have fully explored several planets, maxed out inventories and travelled accross countless star systems. I spent hours simply building up language database. Do you know what i have to show for it? Nothing. it was a waste of time.To be clear, this is a beautiful looking game, with lot's of hope and wonder, that leads to absolutely nothing. I spent hours building up resources and inventories and amassing fortunes. With nothing to do with it. All that time spent learning languages, and there was no point. Anything important story-wise, is in common language. I had much hope, waiting for something to happen. It didn't. You build random items and fuels, but that's it. You can only move from one place to another, and very little changes. Buildings are virtually identical and evenly distributed on EVERY planet. You can spot them and know exactly what they are, and what they will contain. They are unbelieveably generic. Every NPC is the same. I spent hours learning languages of a particular race. 20+ building oup relations of 1 of the 3 races, so much so i was able to decipher almost the entire language in every dialogue. Do you know what I discovered? That it didn't matter. As soon as I discovered the 2nd race, it didn't matter that I didn't know a single word. They were identical. Sure they looked different a little, but every interaction was identical. There is no point to any of the languages, they amount to nothing at all. By the time you get enough to start deciphering the exact words, what they have to say is entirely useless anyway. Did you like that outpost you were at? Too bad, you'll never find it again because navigation is terrible. But don't worry, it doesn't matter because there is another outpost that is identical, just jump in your ship and fly in any direction for less than a minute and you'll find the same damn place with a different name.This game was like the ending of the TV Show ""Lost"", lots of buildup for a complete let down. Accumulate for no reason, talk for no reason, explore for no reason. I like a grind, but you don't even have anything to show for it. You'll never go back to wherever you were, and you'll never be able to share what you find with another human being. Cool, on this planet I'm going to name everything after memes. cool. What's the point? I'll never see that planet again when i leave for the next one. I gave this game far too much of a chance, and too much of my time. Go play minecraft, at least here you can build something. Play an MMO, at least there you can talk to someone. Go play a game with any form of campaign, at least you'll get a story. NMS is like all those games, without the things that make them great. No story, no meaningful building, no social. This feels entirely like an MMO that is empty. Accumulate wealth to buy nothing of worth, to quest with no one, and find nothing of note."
76561197971028361,Not Recommended,275850,25360651,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Reaper,"We need Bob and his Army.Shame on Steam for supporting false advertising and fruadluant game companies.  I have been a long time Steam member and after applying for a refund well with in the terms this is the response I get from customer service.Hi, after applying for a refund on the basis that the advertised game is not what I was sold I was declined.I lodged for a refund with in the 2 weeks of purchasing the game although I have played the game for 18 hours.I truly believe that I am eligiable for a refund on this purchase due to the misleading and false advertising of this game.  If you take a look at the games trailer and compare it to the actual game you can clearly see what I received is far from the product sold.As for the features missing in the game which were said to be in the game please see the list below with link to the source.1. Landing on AsteroidsSource:https://youtu.be/n0uYnwqlslU?t=5m8s2. Destroying Space Stations And FleetsSource:https://youtu.be/GjKTJblJpw0?t=27m7sSouce:https://youtu.be/U9muD249qNM?t=10m46s3.Giant Fleets of ShipsSource:https://youtu.be/MZO40WBNA60?t=1m44s4. Large Freighters Actually MovingSource:https://youtu.be/RRpDn5qPp3s?t=1m11s5. Faction Affiliations w/ SignificanceSource:https://youtu.be/D-uMFHoF8VA?t=9m37s6. Trade Ships Docking w/ FreightersSource:https://youtu.be/BXUrOFVItgs?t=2m57s7. Large-Scale, Joinable Space Battles Between Factions.Source:https://youtu.be/v5sBbjckyzU?t=34s8. NPC Ships Launching From The GroundSource:https://youtu.be/WQhSP82uhY4?t=33s9. Ringed PlanetsSource:https://youtu.be/GjKTJblJpw010. Planets Rotating and Orbiting Around a SunSource:https://youtu.be/ueBCC1PCf84?t=1m34shttps://youtu.be/ueBCC1PCf84?t=7m58shttps://youtu.be/D-uMFHoF8VA?t=3m14shttps://youtu.be/v5sBbjckyzU?t=1m40s11. The Technical Possibility of Flying Between Star Systems ManuallySource:https://youtu.be/GjKTJblJpw0?t=2m14s12.Actual Ship Classes And DifferentiationSource:https://youtu.be/h-kifCYToAU?t=24m2shttps://youtu.be/D-uMFHoF8VA?t=14m38shttps://youtu.be/D-uMFHoF8VA?t=17m45s13.Naming ShipsSource:https://youtu.be/GjKTJblJpw0?t=38m18s14.More Natural Flight CharacteristicsSource:https://youtu.be/MZO40WBNA60?t=2m20s15. Resources Depending On Distance From Sun, Environmental FactorsSource:https://youtu.be/it_9pUYO2AY?t=4m33shttps://youtu.be/BXUrOFVItgs?t=2m2shttps://youtu.be/D-uMFHoF8VA?t=2m48shttps://youtu.be/D-uMFHoF8VA?t=10m32s16. The Ability To Play The Game Solely As A Trade or Solely in SpaceSource:https://youtu.be/BXUrOFVItgs?t=56shttps://youtu.be/D-uMFHoF8VA?t=15m57shttps://youtu.be/GjKTJblJpw0?t=35m20s17.Crafting That Has ComplexitySource:https://youtu.be/BXUrOFVItgs?t=2m8s18. Find Elements By Checking Galactic MapSource:https://youtu.be/BXUrOFVItgs?t=1m19s19.Large Creatures Affecting the LandscapeSource:https://youtu.be/MZO40WBNA60?t=1m12s%22https://youtu.be/0APP5WcX8v8?t=47s20.Creatures Doing Things They Don't Do in the GameSource:https://youtu.be/WQhSP82uhY4?t=1m21shttps://youtu.be/MZO40WBNA60?t=42s21.Large StructuresSource:https://youtu.be/RRpDn5qPp3s?t=32shttps://youtu.be/MZO40WBNA60?t=2m30shttps://youtu.be/0APP5WcX8v8?t=32shttps://youtu.be/0APP5WcX8v8?t=43s22.Crashed FreightersSource:https://youtu.be/RRpDn5qPp3s?t=1m19s23. PortalsSource:https://youtu.be/WQhSP82uhY4?t=1m37s24. Sentinels in Large PacksSource:https://youtu.be/-sb-clg3Tlw?t=4m27s25.Maintaining Wanted Level IndoorsSource:https://youtu.be/D-uMFHoF8VA?t=11m49s26. Ambient Walker SentinelsSource:https://youtu.be/WQhSP82uhY4?t=40s27.Being Able To See and Play With Other PlayersSource:https://youtu.be/n0uYnwqlslU?t=58s28. Beacons Marking Points of Interest With WaypointsSource:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v5sBbjckyzU&feature=youtu.be&t=5m13sWhy Does It Fall Short of What Was Advertised?Explore:Planets are less diverse than we'd been told, and with less features. They also don't seem to become appreciably more interesting as you move towards the center, if at all. The pool of resources is shallow, and they're spread more or less homogeneously among planets. There are no objects on planets that you will not have seen in an hour or two on your first planet, and no objects in space that can be found through exploration. Explore should be renamed Sightsee, as that's more or less what you're doing when exploring because you quickly run out of significant things to discover.Fight:Ship combat was trivialized by the removal of classes and ship attributes. Large scale space battles were cut as well, and you cannot destroy space stations or freighters as we'd been told. You will fight sentinels and pirates alone, all of which fly ships which are functionally identical to your own. Ground combat occurs with only a few sentinels at a time, and poses no challenge. Fights are easily won, escaped from, or avoided entirely.Trade:Trading offers few benefits outside of selling valuable items to upgrade to better equipment. There are few items you'd actually ever want to buy from a trader, and few things to sell that are worth using an inventory slot on instead of a gold/emeril stack. Grinding for elements/rare items to sell is as far as most will ever go, and money quickly becomes useless in the game. You probably can't play as a space trader exclusively, and trading between systems doesn't seem worth the hassle even if you can. Trading with factions is a non-consideration as you will max out in rep for everyone very quickly. There simply isn't enough elements in the game to support deep trade, as there's little to actually need, and little worth actually selling.Survive:Everything you need for basic survival is bountiful on every planet. Sentinels pose no risk. The only thing that poses any particular risk is extreme planets, and there's zero incentive to even really visit those as they've got nothing you couldn't easily find elsewhere, not that the risk they pose isn't easily mitigated and/or dealt with.As you can see, the game we were told we'd get is a far more feature-rich, complex and dynamic game than the one we actually got. What we got was a static, lifeless and paper thin experience by comparison.I know I have played the game longer than the 2 hour refund peroid, but there was know way to know if any of these features we were sold on were in the game with out longer play time.  As you can see I consistently played the game for those 18 hours when it was released.  But I have not play it since after finding out all these features we were shown are missing.As well as the missing features there are also performance issues and random crashes of the game.  My system specs are as follows.i5 2.67 GHz12GB RamNvidia GeForce GTX1070Windows 7 Professional 64bitI have been a long time Steam member for over 10 years and have a lot of games I have purchased from the platform in those years.  This is the first one I have ever bought where I have felt cheated due to the  misleading advertising of the game.  I will seriously consider purchases with them Steam in future if the refund isn't resolved.I believe on these grounds I am entitled to a full refund.I am live in Australia and consummer law states I and entitled to a refund if:Does not match descriptions made by the salesperson, on packaging and labels, and in promotions or advertising.match any demonstration model or sample2 Message by Support Tech Rosie on Tue, Aug 30 2016 9:52Thank you for inquiring about a refund for No Man’s Sky. There has been some recent confusion in the community about Steam refunds for this title. Our standard refund policy continues to apply to No Man’s Sky, and playtime continues to matter when refunding the product. Unfortunately you do not qualify for a refund."
,Not Recommended,275850,25599179,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Balto the Wolf Dog[Pvt Pilot],"I gave this game the benefit of the doubt. Unfortunately I gave it that benefit a little too long to refund, and I regret to say I regret that. I'd heard a lot of bad news by the beginning, but to be honest I wasn't looking for much in NMS I didn't think I could get better elsewhere (Star Citizen/Elite). What drew me to NMS anyway was character, or rather the character I expected. As much as I love space trader sims, I really wanted a space game to express the impression of scale and solitude provided by a good astronomy lecture or binge session of Cosmos, and I thought NMS might be the game to do it. Unfortunately life, sapient and otherwise, is so ubiquitous that even if it lived up to its perported diversity it couldn't manage to be awe inspiring. Contact with sapient life is guarenteed on a per system basis, and as such it's too common to be a respite from solitude and too bland to offer a sense of companionship if there had been solitude to begin with.There was a lot of potential in the language system, and I was and still am happy to see a space game finally address the language barrier. Very engaging stories could have been told with that system, even procedurally. Two individuals with virtually no similarities physically so much as culturally meet each other and are the only two individuals for lightyears? Perhaps the only two examples of biological life for lightyears? They speak with one another with clumsy and sloppy symbols if only to communicate an emotion for the first time in months? There really didn't have to be much. As it was, there was too much. To be honest some of the random building encounters could even begin to communicate that sense, but after the fifth in a few miles let alone a few light years, and with so little to learn about each of them, I just couldn't find much of a reason to keep looking.In conjunction with solitude, I expected scale. It's difficult to communicate scale without being extraordinarily boring; I understand that subject is difficult to approach, and that I have greater taste for long-haul flying than the average gamer. That said, there are a lot of stopgap measures that can go a long way to making a reasonably navicable universe feel as big as it really is. Elite is a good example of a lot of them. Having played both games, one of the things that works most in Elite's favor in that regard is the interstellar navigation system. In elite, star systems are spacially relevant to one another. You can even navigate between them in real time at high C numbers if you're patient. Generally you never end up flying between them in real time, but it's important to the sense of scale to know you can. It provides tangible evidence that the systems you visit are actual places, not just another set of planets in the same skybox. One of the simplest examples of such a measure is elite's hyperspace system, which you normally use for interstellar navigation. Ultiamtely, after all the technobabble, you teleport. You are, however, required to face your target to do so, and I've found that little rule means a lot more to a sense of tangibility than I ever expected. Unfortunately NMS falls victim to teleport syndrome, and visiting a new system doesn't feel so much like travel as it does a map switch.I really wanted NMS to be the game to satisfy the part of you that, when out camping somewhere, looks up at the Milky Way and knows that each point of light is as real a place as the ground you sit on, and that collectively, even as they comprise nearly all you can see from Earth, the lot of them are virtually negligable in the local group, which is in turn virtually negligable to Laniakea. I wanted the awe of looking at hubble deep field photos and understanding that those bright lights aren't stars, but galaxies. I never expected great gameplay from NMS, but I expected to feel small. I'm sorry to say that I didn't.Go mess around with Space Engine."
,Recommended,275850,34187807,Posted: 12 August,all,Ghosticus,"After launch, I waited quietly.They added bases, and I waited.They added vehicles, and I waited.They added a camera, which was silly but I liked it, and then I waited.Now Atlas Rises came out, I find myself READING to LEARN things about the LORE. I want to keep exploring because planets have CLASSES now. I fell into a cave that was filled with water. I flew over giant oceans and huge continents, and I haven't even ventured outside a starting solar system yet.With each update, the game becomes more like a first person Starbound and I LOVE IT.Edit: Spelling"
76561197999700898,Not Recommended,275850,25067325,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,✪eVo,Pros:- mr Sean Murray sold it well- the hype train was cool- i got to return it and get my money backCons:- the actual game
76561198016642627,Not Recommended,275850,29809148,Posted: 9 February,all,Zbug,"Pretty good for a $10 early access game. Oh wait no, it's $60, and it's marketed as a finished product. My bad."
,Not Recommended,275850,31593230,Posted: 6 May,all,DepressedNapkin,Why is this still 60 dollars
76561197970651568,Not Recommended,275850,25072599,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,SYLOH,"Let me preface everything by saying that I actually bought this game on impulse before watching the trailers.I like space, I like exploration, some of the early reviews were positive, so I bought it.I regret that impulsive decision.Take it from a 5 year veteran of Eve: Online this game is BORING.Imagine Eve minus the hordes of players trying to kill you, it's more boring than that.There is supposed to be septillions of stars and planets generated, but their algorithm is poor. This results in maybe 12 different planet types and 30 animal species. I'm being very generous with the planets, for the most part they are just different colors with a different icon showing you what is killing you today.Now I wasn't expecting Spore like creature variety, but this is insulting. All of them look the same. There might be some slight variation between the crab like species trying to kill me, but I honestly couldn't tell.The entire game is far too easy, in my trek from the start to the center of the galaxy my shields dropped a total of maybe 10 times, I still don't know what the death screen looks like.The interface is utterly terrible. You have to hold to click EVERYTHING. I cannot fathom a reason this has to be for literally EVERYTHING. The galaxy map is the single worst aspect of the UI, a rather galaring flaw for something that wants to do space exploration. The path to the center is utterly useless, as I got close to the center it literally got stuck in a dead end. It ignores your hyperdrive upgrades meaning it's course will take you through about a dozen short hops and then abruptly stop, while you can reach the end in one jump or infact go much futher. There is a total disconnect between ""Distance from Center"" and ""Linear Distance"", 500ly for the former is about 1,500ly for the latter. You are down to luck for finding any particular location, even ones you've visited before.The game play is more or less a resource grind, you land on a planet, shoot at a rock with a mining laser, you leave the planet to go shoot at a different rock. There are NPC, they are of three races, all of which just stand or sit alone in one place. They never do anything, you can talk to them and maybe get a blue print or something, but thats it, there is no personality, not even real interaction.There was an Atlas quest line, that brought you to 10 admittedly rather spiffy looking space stations. Actually I lied, there are 4 rather spiffy looking space stations that are repeated a couple of times in no particular order. It starts no where and ends in a non ending. This may last you a couple of hours (or however long it takes you to realize the map system is trash and just jump to the end). But it pales in comparison to reaching the Galactic Center.Thats the final insult, what happens at the center. I'll rant in a spoilerific manner after the next paragraph. Suffice to say if we reached the center and had a planet sized MIDDLE FINGER to explore, this would still be less of a ♥♥♥♥ YOU than what we got. Because at least the Flipping Bird of God would be an object of interest and discussion.It was after I had played for a while that I went out and watched the trailers, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I wanted to play that game, too bad it's not what I bought. I'm angry I wasted money buying this, I would have been furious if my expectations were that high. This isn't a case of a fandom hyping in a vacuum, the developers were outright lying to us. Not just in the trailers, but in the words they were speaking. ♥♥♥♥ this game.SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILERYou start jumping to the center, the game silently says ""nope"", plays prog rock as it holds the scroll backwards button on the map screen, fade to black and dumps you at the start of a new practically identical galaxy with all you stuff broken. I think it might even have gotten the color on my ship wrong. I can't tell because my game bugged out and put me in slow mo, and I was already fighting the urge to just toss my computer out a window. So no, you don't even get to see what is so shiny at the center of the universe, you just start over again.Seriously ♥♥♥♥ this game."
,Recommended,275850,34178552,Posted: 11 August,all,The Somber Joker,"For a game that got crapped on by everybody and has become a joke. Hello Games is still working to improve the game and listen to its customers even now, instead of taking the money and running. To me thats worth a lot in the gaming community."
,Not Recommended,275850,24957964,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Tango Crime,"I played this game for 23 hours, and I did not have fun.Some will say ""You must have been having fun, otherwise you wouldn't have played it for 23 hours. Why didn't you stop after 5 hours?""The answer to that is: Because I BELIEVED it would get better. I had faith. People kept saying things like this:""Planets get more interesting closer to the center.""""You just haven't given the game enough time yet. It gets better once you get more inventory slots.""""Keep playing, I've had an amazing time.""Lets say someone came to me and said ""Lets dig to the center of the Earth. Theres a pot of gold there and you will be rich. Heres a shovel"", and I start digging. After 10 hours I say ""This sucks. I'm going back up the ladder.""The gentleman says ""No keep digging. It will get better. It will be worth it.""After 23 hours of digging I'm still having a terrible time. Do I give up and say ""that was no fun"", or do I keep digging?How about if I had paid 40 quid for the shovel?edit: I wrote this review immediately after closing the game and saw ""23 hours"" - Steam updated a few mins later to add the last few hours I'd spent playing. I haven't played it since writing this review."
,Not Recommended,275850,31800647,Posted: 17 May,all,Armitage,"The fact that this title is still $60 says a lot about the ethics of Hello Games. The blatant lies told by the devs and the use off pre-rendered footage passed of as ""actual gameplay"" prior to release. The continuation of lies after the game was released. Yeah, they're adding new content (small amounts of it), but too little too late. It was a cleverly disguised sham of a game that took you around 4 hours to dig below the thin surface to find out what you thought you bought was nowhere near what you received, allowing both Hello Games and Steam to skirt the refund policy. Quite possibly one of the worst game puchases I've ever made in 30 years of gaming."
76561198118751449,Not Recommended,275850,29438305,Posted: 22 January,all,Memelord,"Love it or hate it, this game is unfinished. The devs know it. Sony knows it. Everyone who bought this game knows it. It's able to sell because the game at heart has a great idea, and the devs and publisher know how to market it. The question is if you would pay $60 for an idea or a game. If you buy No Man's Sky, all you'll get is the former. If you're looking for the game, you won't find it here. They will tell you that you're buying the game (just look at these trailers and screenshots) but it's not. It's deceptive, disgusting, and borderline fraud, but it's business. Only purchase if you have faith in Hello Games, even after they lied to you."
76561198030899100,Not Recommended,275850,25256815,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,kestrel_65,"I played this for many hours thinking that I would eventually get to actual gameplay behind the endless grind of upgrading the slots in your inventory.  The farther in I went, the more it became apparent that there WAS no game here.  What the developers have created is an excellent platform to build a game in.  They just never got that far."
,Not Recommended,275850,26261325,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Lyskal,"The game creates the illusion that it is going somewhere for a few hours and then begins to become a grind... which works for a lot of titles. The grind can be welcome. Look at Minecraft, MMOs, Warframe and even games with ranked matches. People love to grind to improve, or collect or move forward. That is not what I am talking about when I talk about NMS.The grind in NMS is a grind without reason or goal. You simply exist to repeat the same pointless acts until you get bored... the reason there is such a tidal wave of rage is because you get sick of this 60+ dollar game extremely quickly.Pros:Reading up on the lore for the races is interesting.Cons:I didn't pay 60 dollars for a comic book length read about 3 alien races.Space combat is terrible and feels like it was never tested.Where are the goals?No end game.No mid game.Creatures are all frankenstein combinations of the same parts.Scanning birds is buggy and doesn't react fast enough. General advice is to just kill them and scam the corpse.Worlds are ugly and garish due random asset dumping without thought or care.It is designed to be a timesink and only a timesink. Your money is better spent elsewhere.If you absolutely feel the need to buy this, try to stop playing before 2 hours and really contemplate if it is worth keeping... they didn't put up a ""we don't offer refunds outside of the rules"" warning sticker on the store page for a while for no reason. This game looks and plays nothing like advertised and worse than that, barely functions as a game. Maybe if it sold for 20USD it could be justified... maybe.1/10 refund simulator, stops working if you leave it on too long while googling when the fun is supposed to start."
76561198135985059,Not Recommended,275850,29764589,Posted: 7 February,all,putmetowork,"I originally reviewed this game back in 2016, and gave it a negative review. Back then, the game was so bad, that my gaming friends and I started calling it the worse game ever made.It was absolutely horrible. The only thing the game allowed you to do was shoot rocks in order to get resources that you could use to power your ship, in order to fly to an almost identical planet so you could shoot more rocks in order to be able to repeat the process again and again with absolutely no point to any of it.The game had horrible texture bugs, the creatures were almost all identical, ugly little crabs and dull planets. You had a limited inventory, portals did not work. The only thing you could do was shoot rocks with your gun, and even then, it was limited so you could only shoot at the rocks a bit, with the tool both overheating and running out of fuel.I got the game 100% based on Steam trailers, on a whim. I was not a disappointed fan boy that fell for the hype, to be honest I did not even know there was any hype. The game only came on my radar a couple days before actually buying it.I played the game for 60 hours exactly, 1 hour for each dollar spent on the game. Just so I could say I had given it a fair chance before ripping it to pieces in a review.Afterwards, I learned from Youtube videos who Sean Murray was, I saw the broken promisses, the false advertising, and thought to myself that Sean Murray must be a con artist, and that I should never buy anything from Hello games ever again.Soon after, Sean Murray seemed to disappear, and I thought to myself that they had took the money and run.I then forgot all about the game, until unexpectedly I heard that an update had been made for the game. I had absolutely no interest of ever playing the game again, but because I believed the game had been abandoned by devs that had gone totally silent, I had to take a look just out of curiosity.Now here we are, with an updated review. Another 12 hours put into the game so I could explore the update, and see what had been changed.So, what do I think about the game now? Well, I think it is still probably the worse game that has ever been made. I find the base building missions to be slow and monotonous, a series of fetch quests.However! ... While I still would not play the game again even if you paid me, they have made some improvements, and to me that speaks volumes about Sean Murray and all the other devs and people at Hello games.These people could have taken the money and run, they had been forgotten about, they had been challenged by the Advertising Standards Agency and won, they could have got away with leaving it at that.Instead of taking the money and running, they tried to make good.The planets are no longer all boring, dead, monotonous and the same, they now have much more diverse creatures and plant life. Doing this has messed with the performance of the game, causing me to experience some frame drops on a 5000 dollar gaming rig, but they have at least done something about it.While the game before only had like 5 or 6 kinds of rocks to shoot at for getting resources, the game now has like 10 or 12 kinds of rocks to shoot at. This still feels like being slowly water boarded in some nightmare-like limbo, but at least they have tried to do something to improve the game.Before the game had no base building, but now it does. While I find the base building to be totally pointless, and find the amount of things you can build to be very limited, the system at least functions and snaps into place in an intuitive way, and again, they could have not bothered.The devs have also tried to improve the game other ways. Before there were no large scale battles for you to participate in like the trailers showed, but there now is some kind of a battle system in the game. You could not own any large ships before, now you can own one, and before there were no working portals, but now there are.All in all, taking everything I know into consideration, I would still not recommend this game to anyone. I honestly think it is one of the dullest things I have ever seen. My opinion of the game has not changed.What has changed however, is my opinion of Sean Murray and Hello Games.I'll be honest. If I had been in Sean Murrays shoes a few months back, at some point under all the pressure, I would have probably sold off Hello Games to the fist bidder for a dollar, and I would have taken the millions from No Man's Sky, and I would not be living in luxury on some tropical island no one has ever heard of.No Man's Sky will go down in history as one of the biggest mistakes in gaming history. Nothing can be done at this point to change that.Appart from the disaster the game was, the PR and the way they went silent was also its own disaster. There are a million ways they could have done things better, both with the game and the PR.Despite all that, I don't think Sean Murray is a con man, and I don't think Hello Games are guitly of false adertising anymore.Even though I think the game is still terrible, I think they did the right thing, and I think they deserve a second chance.If I see Sean Murray is involved with making another game again, I will now give him the benefit of the doubt and see what he produces, rather than automatically dismiss the new game.I am still socked to see they want 60 bucks for this thing, but because of the attempts to improve the game, because they did the right thing, and because the game has almost become a historical document that we can learn from, I would say if you have a lot of money, and you see this game on offer for 5 bucks, maybe pick up a copy.This game is not worth playing, but maybe after this bad experience, the next game that Hello Games makes will benefit from that experience. I don't like this game, but after their attempts to at least do something to improve it, I am curious to see what they make next.Hello Games went from a small company that was making low budget lame games no one had heard of, to a company that made one of the most hyped and anticipated lame games ever. As bad as that sounds, it still shows they have potential, because it is not easy to go from making small 2D games to making something like No Man's Sky. If they can make a leap like that again, I would be interested to see what they make next.In principle, the idea of No Man's Sky is good, it could have been good. But in practice it was not.Forget the mistake, move on, and lets see the next game."
,Not Recommended,275850,25080053,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,toohuff,"If you want to pay $60 dollars for a game that runs terribly, has at most 5 hours of interesting content, an inventory system worse than Destiny's, combat worse than Minecraft's, numerous bugs/glitches, an insulting ending, and a developer that won't address the fact that they lied to everybody, then you should buy this game."
,Not Recommended,275850,26500179,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Oldrd,I'll make it shortPros:-1- first two hoursCons:-1- The entire game after the first two hours
76561198128131629,Not Recommended,275850,25229878,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Rhynoslayer,"Lies include, but are not limited to,MultiplayerFreighter destructionFreighters crashing into planetsDesert planetsShips that have unique strengths and weaknesses- Added in update 1.2Multi tool discovery and naming- Added in update 1.2, however, no discovery and name is only for youShip discovery and naming- Added in update 1.2, same as with multitool discoveryFaction warsFreedom with flight (not being limited to how low you can fly)- Somewhat added in update 1.2And moreDon't forget the terrible lack of planet, plant, and animal variety, and also the repetition after about 5 hours. - Planet variety is slightly better after the updatesDon't buy this game unless you want less than what the interviews and trailers show - Still trueSorry Sean, but this is not close to a full and finished game that is worth the 60$ - Get on low price sale now, its coming along and these free updates will redeem the game if they keep coming"
76561198056282652,Not Recommended,275850,25137609,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Morty,I made a little poem to review this game:No Man's SkyOne Man's LiePlease Don't BuyThe End.
,Not Recommended,275850,25410130,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Gen-Q4k ツ,"As for the features missing in the game which were said to be in the game please see the list below with link to the source.1. Landing on AsteroidsSource:https://youtu.be/n0uYnwqlslU?t=5m8s2. Destroying Space Stations And FleetsSource:https://youtu.be/GjKTJblJpw0?t=27m7sSouce:https://youtu.be/U9muD249qNM?t=10m46s3.Giant Fleets of ShipsSource:https://youtu.be/MZO40WBNA60?t=1m44s4. Large Freighters Actually MovingSource:https://youtu.be/RRpDn5qPp3s?t=1m11s5. Faction Affiliations w/ SignificanceSource:https://youtu.be/D-uMFHoF8VA?t=9m37s6. Trade Ships Docking w/ FreightersSource:https://youtu.be/BXUrOFVItgs?t=2m57s7. Large-Scale, Joinable Space Battles Between Factions.Source:https://youtu.be/v5sBbjckyzU?t=34s8. NPC Ships Launching From The GroundSource:https://youtu.be/WQhSP82uhY4?t=33s10. Planets Rotating and Orbiting Around a SunSource:https://youtu.be/ueBCC1PCf84?t=1m34shttps://youtu.be/ueBCC1PCf84?t=7m58shttps://youtu.be/D-uMFHoF8VA?t=3m14shttps://youtu.be/v5sBbjckyzU?t=1m40s11. The Technical Possibility of Flying Between Star Systems ManuallySource:https://youtu.be/GjKTJblJpw0?t=2m14s12.Actual Ship Classes And DifferentiationSource:https://youtu.be/h-kifCYToAU?t=24m2shttps://youtu.be/D-uMFHoF8VA?t=14m38shttps://youtu.be/D-uMFHoF8VA?t=17m45s13.Naming ShipsSource:https://youtu.be/GjKTJblJpw0?t=38m18s14.More Natural Flight CharacteristicsSource:https://youtu.be/MZO40WBNA60?t=2m20s15. Resources Depending On Distance From Sun, Environmental FactorsSource:https://youtu.be/it_9pUYO2AY?t=4m33shttps://youtu.be/BXUrOFVItgs?t=2m2shttps://youtu.be/D-uMFHoF8VA?t=2m48shttps://youtu.be/D-uMFHoF8VA?t=10m32s16. The Ability To Play The Game Solely As A Trade or Solely in SpaceSource:https://youtu.be/BXUrOFVItgs?t=56shttps://youtu.be/D-uMFHoF8VA?t=15m57shttps://youtu.be/GjKTJblJpw0?t=35m20s17.Crafting That Has ComplexitySource:https://youtu.be/BXUrOFVItgs?t=2m8s18. Find Elements By Checking Galactic MapSource:https://youtu.be/BXUrOFVItgs?t=1m19s19.Large Creatures Affecting the LandscapeSource:https://youtu.be/MZO40WBNA60?t=1m12s%22https://youtu.be/0APP5WcX8v8?t=47s20.Creatures Doing Things They Don't Do in the GameSource:https://youtu.be/WQhSP82uhY4?t=1m21shttps://youtu.be/MZO40WBNA60?t=42s21.Large StructuresSource:https://youtu.be/RRpDn5qPp3s?t=32shttps://youtu.be/MZO40WBNA60?t=2m30shttps://youtu.be/0APP5WcX8v8?t=32shttps://youtu.be/0APP5WcX8v8?t=43s22.Crashed FreightersSource:https://youtu.be/RRpDn5qPp3s?t=1m19s23. PortalsSource:https://youtu.be/WQhSP82uhY4?t=1m37s24. Sentinels in Large PacksSource:https://youtu.be/-sb-clg3Tlw?t=4m27s25.Maintaining Wanted Level IndoorsSource:https://youtu.be/D-uMFHoF8VA?t=11m49s26. Ambient Walker SentinelsSource:https://youtu.be/WQhSP82uhY4?t=40s27.Being Able To See and Play With Other PlayersSource:https://youtu.be/n0uYnwqlslU?t=58sWhy Does It Fall Short of What Was Advertised?Explore:Planets are less diverse than we'd been told, and with less features. They also don't seem to become appreciably more interesting as you move towards the center, if at all. The pool of resources is shallow, and they're spread more or less homogeneously among planets. There are no objects on planets that you will not have seen in an hour or two on your first planet, and no objects in space that can be found through exploration. Explore should be renamed Sightsee, as that's more or less what you're doing when exploring because you quickly run out of significant things to discover.Fight:Ship combat was trivialized by the removal of classes and ship attributes. Large scale space battles were cut as well, and you cannot destroy space stations or freighters as we'd been told. You will fight sentinels and pirates alone, all of which fly ships which are functionally identical to your own. Ground combat occurs with only a few sentinels at a time, and poses no challenge. Fights are easily won, escaped from, or avoided entirely.Trade:Trading offers few benefits outside of selling valuable items to upgrade to better equipment. There are few items you'd actually ever want to buy from a trader, and few things to sell that are worth using an inventory slot on instead of a gold/emeril stack. Grinding for elements/rare items to sell is as far as most will ever go, and money quickly becomes useless in the game. You probably can't play as a space trader exclusively, and trading between systems doesn't seem worth the hassle even if you can. Trading with factions is a non-consideration as you will max out in rep for everyone very quickly. There simply isn't enough elements in the game to support deep trade, as there's little to actually need, and little worth actually selling.Survive:Everything you need for basic survival is bountiful on every planet. Sentinels pose no risk. The only thing that poses any particular risk is extreme planets, and there's zero incentive to even really visit those as they've got nothing you couldn't easily find elsewhere, not that the risk they pose isn't easily mitigated and/or dealt with.As you can see, the game we were told we'd get is a far more feature-rich, complex and dynamic game than the one we actually got. What we got was a static, lifeless and paper thin experience by comparison.I know I have played the game longer than the 2 hour refund peroid, but there was know way to know if any of these features we were sold on were in the game with out longer play time. As you can see I consistently played the game for those 18 hours when it was released. But I have not play it since after finding out all these features we were shown are missing.As well as the missing features there are also performance issues and random crashes of the game. My system specs are as follows.i7 2.67 GHz32GB RamNvidia GeForce GTX1070Windows 7 Professional 64bitI have been a long time Steam member for over 10 years and have a lot of games I have purchased from the platform in those years. This is the first one I have ever bought where I have felt cheated due to the misleading advertising of the game. I will seriously consider purchases with them Steam in future if the refund isn't resolved.I believe on these grounds I am entitled to a full refund.I am live in Netherlands and consumer law states I and entitled to a refund if:Does not match descriptions made by the salesperson, on packaging and labels, and in promotions or advertising."
,Recommended,275850,34825107,Posted: 8 September,all,RadiantOnyx,"So I pre-ordered this.At the time, when I first played it, I came to regret that as a mistake. I sank a couple hours in here and there, but I just couldn't get into it. The story felt dull, the landscapes were just... off, and it just wasn't what was advertised.I cast it aside, too late to refund.Base building came out, along with vehicles, creative mode, and a camera. I played around with them, and they were fun - but the survival still felt lackluster. Creative mode got boring fast, and the camera (probably one of my favourite game features at the time) was hardly worth going into the game to use just for screenshots.And now, after the Waking Titan ARG - we have Atlas Rises.To be honest - I'm impressed. Suddenly, I find myself wanting to play survival because it's fun. Hell, I find myself wanting to play the game itself because I enjoy it now, not because I'm bored and need to sink time into something. The story is interesting and I want to see more, dozens of tiny little things that weren't there suddenly are...It's a new experience.In all honesty, I would have much preferred to see the game in this state on release. That way I would have been spared a year of disappointment. Hello Games has done what few developers would have done after the disaster of the release, and has spent time and effort making this game into something they can be proud of. It's clear they believe in the potential of No Man's Sky, and I find that inspiring.I can finally, in good conscience, recommend this game.I think the price is still too steep - but I would recommend it on half price."
,Not Recommended,275850,25360726,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Eshaha,Basicly everything exciting for the game was a lie.I would refund if I could. :/
,Not Recommended,275850,25705173,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Dreaded Fate,"I've played 11 hours of this. Needless to say, it's not going to stray away from the other reviews on it. It's a failed promise. The developers said that, upon release, the game would have a whole lot of bells and whistles, that ended up not existing in this game.I have never refunded anything on Steam before, so I thought I might get a little leniency having put 11 hours into it. (I'll grant you 2 hours is 2 hours, but I needed to see for myself if there really is anything more.  This was within the 14-day period. And after I tried refunding it, I haven't played it since. But no such luck.) Moral of the story is, buyer beware, don't be the first of the first to try a product. Especially not in todays gaming marketplace. More likely than not you'll end up with a steamy log of false promises.Don't buy this unless you're prepared to be disappointed.PS I'll return to this game in a while and see if the developers make good on their promises, and i'll revise this review to reflect that."
76561198095329028,Not Recommended,275850,24927705,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Chunky Lover,"""A mile wide but an inch deep"" was the title of Haedox's review, and a good one sentence summary of No Man's Sky. Since its release on PC, the amount of negative mobilization against the developer has been alarming, and overly harsh. However, behind the slandering and swinging punches there are some basic valid points. Two of which are that is was indeed released too early on PC, and it is overpriced. But for me, neither of these are why I'm not recommending the game at this time.The main issue with the game is in its DNA. Whilst being procedural allows for everything to be different, this randomness is still limited by the depth of its algorithms. Visit 1 planet and you've essentially seen all 18 Quintillion - Colours, animations, flora and fauna may be randomized, but it all starts to look roughly the same. You start to see the parameters set by the algorithms - eg. placement of objects and resources, max terrain elevation. And this problem with depth is not just aesthetic, it affects the biological and geographic complexity and interactivity - extreme temperature shifts should be reflected in the flora and fauna, life should spring up around pockets of liquid on barren planets, a two ton dinosaur shouldnt walk on the hind legs of a bird. Whilst randomness may seem like a great way of creating a whole universe, the reality is our own universe is anything but random - rather a series of interconnected and relative processes. This is what makes it interesting to discover, and what is lacking in the NMS approach.For a game that relies on exploration as a key motivator to play, I just don't feel like I'm discovering anything spectacular or original. The first three hours of the game were fantastic. Good premise - ship has crashed, needs repair. A new alien world to discover - your time on the first planet is really brilliant - taking in excellent sound design, strange plants, spotting your first creature. However once you arrive at your second, third, and fourth, you start to realise that the game's main incentive - to discover new worlds, simply doesn't hold up under the weight of procedural limitations.The interactions with aliens are entertainingly worded, but again, shallow and repetitive, as is resource collection and trade. These galactic duties are perhaps repetitive in reality, true, but where's the sense of danger in walking a few hundred meters to get that mineral, whilst the temperature is dropping 2 degrees a second? Where's the fear when you enter a planet's atmosphere, wondering if your ship will hold together? I can't really 'feel' that sense of exploration.These are my criticisms, and something that I hope can be resolved. Sean Murray had the very best of intentions for our collective experience in NMS, I sincerely believe that. and you can see them throughout his creation - however, I can't help but feel that the game would have been more interesting if it wasn't entirely procedural - A single star system, where getting to your home planet was key - each planet uniquely different, with bordered 'maps' like Destiny, rich with unique plant life and atmosphere. As a discovery and exploration game, that would have been incredible. It makes me long to relive that first thrilling walk along the lonely coast of Dear Esther.So should you buy the game? I will say this, make an assessment based on what I've mentioned in this review, but regardless of your decision, consider that the small team responsible wanted to build the game that WE wanted NMS to be, and perhaps they'll get there. But regardless, respect has to be paid for dreaming and aiming big."
76561197972523293,Not Recommended,275850,24928299,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Sdspecter,"So I never knew space was so boring.No man's Sky is a great idea that just never lived up to the hype. For the record I have had none of the technical issues that most players have had, and have around 10 hours on the game at writing this.The problem of the game is simply this. There is nothing epic in this game. No real reason to travel to the center of the universe, except to maybe see a cut scene or something similar hopefully making the game worth it.Once you have had an hour in the game, mined some stuff, catalogged some animals, done some repairs to your ship, and flown into space, that is pretty much it. Gameplay is repetative and more then a little grindy. Everytime you take off your ship burns 25% of its total fuel. You fly usally less then 30 seconds, land near an unexplored point, (which are bland and unmemorable), click on the point, record that you found it, rinse, repeat. Then since the game is so much fun you need to tediously mine low grade minerals to fuel your ship, power your laser, and keep life support running. Which you need to keep doing because you consume a lot of resources. Then when you mine too much you get attacked by the sentinel ♥♥♥♥bots, because, you know, mining is so much fun they need to make the game more annoying.There is a simple crafting system in the game that has done nothing to grab my attention. The ships are exactly alike in every way except the way they look and how much storage they have. If you didn't mind grinding constantly to keep supplied and liked the look of the first ship in game, there is literally no reason to upgrade otherwise. They manuever the same, they accelerate the same, they feel the same, just look a little different. Same with your multitool. All of them are exactly the same, except look, and storage.Lastly there are the alien races in the game. The ones that always stand in the same spots in their drab little settlements on every planet you visit are boring and have no real AI. The best part about them is that you can't understand them at all until you fly around to even more points, to go to ancient ruins and the such, to attempt to learn their language. One single word at a time. That's right kiddies, at 10 hours in, I have compiled somewhere around 50 words and still have no F'ing clue what they are talking about. Usually around the aliens are mathmatical puzzles to unlock items or to highlight yet another place for you to go to, which is fun right? No. These puzzles are usually noticing a pattern in numbers and could be solved easily by the average 2nd grader. Also where are the Alien cities or the like? The only thing that aliens do in this game is make you feel a little more insignificant, because actually you aren't discovering anything. You are just renaming stuff they apparently already found and are sitting on. Aliens on every world. That isn't exploring, its sightseeing.Sadly I guess I am just bitter. I really, really wanted to like this game. I wanted the feeling of epic adventure that we all dream would accompany exploration and space travel. The game just doesn't deliver. I will keep playing the game for a bit just to see if there is anything else waiting for me over the next dune, so to speak, but I am not confident anything will be over that horizon.Lastly, WTF is up with all the pastel colors. They don't have real greens, etc. in space?Epic idea, poorly executed, and not worth a price tag of $60. This is why I never preorder a game.Wait for this to be less then $20, and hopefully it will be upgraded with some revision and DLC by then."
,Not Recommended,275850,25399165,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Darkness Rush,"*Note: This game was posted 1 week after it got released I will not be updating my review for any future updates.*""No Man’s Sky is a game about exploration and survival in an infinite procedurally generated galaxy""That is what this game was supposed to be a game with an amazing galaxy which you could explore with loads of features which were promised.But in reality we got a game that is all about grinding.You start of with a crashed space ship on a planet, you will have to find resources to repair your ship, which is a relatively easy task unless you spawned on a planet with almost no resources which was my case.After you finished that you can finally explore the ""infinite procedurally generated galaxy"" but after around 10 hours of gameplay you will realise that the ""infinite galaxy"" with ""endless possibilities"" doesn't really have ""endless possibilities"" especially with the planets.When you played the game and paid attention to details you will know there are only a few types of planets: ""water planets with a few islands, extreme planets, ice planets, dead rocks with no form of life and plants, hot planets and planets with a lot of flora and fauna"".all of these types of planets for example two different ice planets all have very similar flora and fauna which gives you a feeling that you already explored that planet while you didn't.Once you saved up enough for a new space ship, buying your first space ship is very exciting you get excited you are hoping for a faster ship, you want to rename your ship as they promised in the trailer, you hope you will have cool weapons for your ship.But after flying for a couple of minutes you will realise that your ship functions the same as your first ship, there is no different speed in any of the space ships, you don't have ships optimized for combat, trading or exploring which was also promised you can't even rename your ship which was of course also promised.The space combat is not exciting either, you are always out numbered and the space pirates have 100% accuracy.The space combat feels boring and annoying, every time you are traveling with your pulse drive those space pirates show up you will think to yourself: ""god why?""Of course you can decide to ignore the space pirates by flying into the atmosphere of a planet or a space station, but then again they won't follow you in the atmosphere which was also shown in the trailer.if you happen to find a portal at a planet don't even bother to try activate those things they aren't working, this was also promised in a trailer by the way.Want to play with your friends like Sean Murray said in a interview, don't even try you can't.If you happen to come across a research facility you can shoot your way inside, if you fire a couple of rounds at the door then the sentinels will come after you, but don't worry about that just shoot the door until you are inside then the sentinels will leave you alone, you can just ignore them because they are barely any threat.I think I made my point here the game is repetitive, boring and after a while it just turns into a grinding simulator.It's really a shame to see the game end up like this I've been following development since 2014 and have been hyped about it since I knew about it.But if you compare the trailers to the actual product you will realise that Sean Murray has been lying.I am done defending this game I defended it for a couple of weeks but ever since I saw playstation users are getting updates I am done defending it.The developers took a huge♥♥♥♥♥♥on all PC users.Coming to a verdict I am giving this game a 4/10 it was fun for a couple of hours after that it becomes boring and repetitive.I recommend for the sake of your 60 euros to stay away from this game as far as possible."
,Not Recommended,275850,25507104,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Jasmin,Too expensive for what it offers!Don't buy.
76561198028004126,Not Recommended,275850,24984482,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Meowfurion (Marty),"*UPDATES BELOW* READ THIS FIRST BEFORE BEING A SNARKY D*****BAG!https://www.reddit.com/r/NoMansSkyTheGame/comments/4y4i3a/wheres_the_nms_we_were_sold_on_front_page/AND THIS:https://www.reddit.com/r/NoMansSkyTheGame/comments/4y046e/wheres_the_nms_we_were_sold_on_heres_a_big_list/AND THESE:https://www.change.org/p/hello-games-compensation-for-no-man-s-sky-playershttp://www.onemanslie.info/the-original-reddit-post/Let me start out by saying that I WANTED to absolutely love this game. But after playing itover 40 hours, enjoying what little bit there was, and having seen 90% of what the game has to offer, I can, without exaggeration, say that that FIRST Trailer video you see on Steam, almost NONE of that happens. Incredibly misleading bait-and-switch advertising at its finest. And, the people saying that they've experienced all of that themselves? Sorry, but I don't think you're being honest. Don't change the facts to fit your views. Change your views to fit the facts.I haven't seen one single marine creature on any of the dozens of planets I have explored so far. Not one single fish, clam, shark, ray, whatever the heck you want to call them alien creature in those vast oceanic worlds.  I've yet to see ANY ""rhino"" type monster rushing through trees and causing debris and trees to fall as it chases prey. I've yet to see a single giant striped dinosaur (or anything striped for that matter). The asteroids are NOT shaped like that. They are goofy weird long looking things and a lot more sparse than the movie shows. You won't EVER be flying behind a formation of ships in an attack pattern to group-attack some formation of enemies or freighters.The landscapes NEVER form that smoothly and quickly, even on my SSD. The graphics aren't that neat and crisp, and I have a rig that I just built myself and got top of the line EVERYTHING. Money was no object.  ALL of the alien creatures make the same noises. All of them.  I estimate there are maybe....what. like 20 different ship designs total? Really sad.  Want to visit a thriving alien metropolis? Doesn't exist. The ONLY place you actually see more than ONE alien together in the same room, is at the spacial anomaly stations. Two. Total. Just TWO. You want to see your friends exploring by chance on another planet, or any other player for that matter? Too bad. It doesn't actually happen, either. They lied about that.  I have never felt more robbed on a purchase in a game in my life.  Never.  $60 for this? $60. Think about that. This long in development, THIS hush-hush about its content, and $60 for such a huge gamble.I honestly upgraded my PC with this game as one of the biggest motivators to do it in the first place, and THIS is what we get.  And since I gave it a legitimate shot and played it over 2 hours, I can't refund it.  I really, really wanted to love this game. I did. But right now, I rate it at a 5/10. That's it.  It's average. They promised so many things and delivered maybe half of what they hyped up in interviews and on articles on websites.  This broke my heart.  I hope they patch and add so many other things (Like gas giant planets, ringed planets, different freakin' gravity levels for MOONS and different sized planets for the love of pete!). Gun/weapon modes? Three. PEWPEW bolt blaster, BZZZZZZZT mining laser, and KABOOM plasma grenades. That's it folks. And so far in my ship? two attack beams.l PEWPEW lasers and BZZZZZT mining laser. Ship controls are abhorrant. Literally the most terrible clunky ""flight sim"" control I've ever felt in a game. I'm just so terribly disappointed.I had such high hopes! I really did. Please, Hello Games, add more content! Add more realism! Make the space stations look DIFFERENT inside!  And guess what you'll spend most of your time doing in the game? Playing inventory tetris. That's right. You are so incredibly limited on inventory space across both your suit and starship cargo, it's just ridiculous. Like a sardine can you have to fit a watermelon inside. Oh!!!! but yet you have to stockpile SO many minerals to be able to craft and upgrade. Really makes it hard to do that, guys, when we can only carry the materials to upgrade one single thing at a time, and sacrifice carrying fuel and needed components. Ugh!****As an addendum, I will say: the graphics are beautiful when fully loaded (which is slow, honestly even on an SSD. Boggles my mind. 16 gigs RAM and 8 gigs video RAM. I don't get it. Perhaps I need to adjust something). The exploration IS fun. Finding strange things in space and on planets IS fun and exciting, and I have enjoyed that aspect immensely, but this is space, and part of the selling points of the game are the huge variety of, well, everything --- but it's not the case. Before you troll my review, please be sure to play as much as I have and see if your opinion changes. Thanks.*****UPDATE - I DID finally see one sea creature. A big predatory weird giant tadpole fish.  One. In a world almost totally covered by ocean, I saw ONE fish. I swam around for about a half hour trying to find another.  No luck.  And yet again, I pass by several building landmarks that cannot be entered, no entrance to break open or walk through, no way to bomb around them and get in.*****UPDATE - Game said I acquired Atlas 3 pass. Nowhere in crafting menu. Nowhere anywhere in inventory. Restarted game, nowhere to be found. Reverted to old save, repeated process, said I acquired the blueprint: nowhere to be found, anywhere, not in crafting menu, ship menu, tool menu. Nowhere.  LOL*****UPDATE - some of the crafting patterns require elements that are so rare and hard to find it's just not worth the hassle involved. The sentinels are so weak and easy to kill - I landed on a moon filled with little ugly aggressive crab creatures who swarmed me and killed me, but I've never been in any danger from the big bad scary sentinels. LOL Even the mech walkers are just an easy pathetic joke to kill. Zero difficulty. What's going on, Hello Games? How about triple the damage and armor/health of the sentinel walkers and dogs?  How about add more sentinel enemy types?"
76561198145305584,Not Recommended,275850,30915652,Posted: 2 April,all,Elc6767,Why is this game still $60?
76561198025670493,Not Recommended,275850,25361866,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Galactic Space Wizard,"As it stands this game isn't what it was supposed to be, it's just an endless grind that leads to nothing. I don't mind games where you have to grind materials, exp etc as long as there's some sort of payoff, currently there appears to be none. An infinite universe of carbon, which is pretty much used exclusively to power the stuff you used to get the carbon... fun.Comparatively, I still play Escape Velocity to this day as that felt like a living universe with stuff to do, goals to achieve and massive great ships to eventually attain. I had hoped to have the same experience with this as I had with that, but alas this appears to be the bare bones (and not all of them at that) of what the game was supposed to be. I'm afraid the flesh and the rest of the bones will come in the form of paid DLC and considering what we've been given for £40, I don't have much hope for it."
76561198022065957,Not Recommended,275850,24931584,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,n0nesuch,"I tried REALLY hard to like this game.You shouldn't HAVE to try to like a game.It's a $20 indie title passed off at $60 AAA.Sooo, after giving the game over 25 hours.... I've officially given up on it. It irks me that the fake game trailer that they tried to pass off as actual gameplay footage is still the first video on steam for this game. THE GAME DOES NOT LOOK LIKE THAT. Seriously, how the ♥♥♥♥ is that NOT false advertising? Yeah i know a lot of games do that♥♥♥♥♥♥but that doesn't make it right.The game is just a nothing game.. boring and empty. Which is a shame because it looked like it had a lot of potential. It just seems like they didn't get around to adding any content for it.Some people like it, I'm glad you guys found something worthwhile in it. I wish i could say the same... but another walking simulator with some bad space combat thrown in isn't a game i want to spend anymore time in.Absolutely the LAST time i ever pre-order anything on the basis of E3 videos and developer hype."
,Not Recommended,275850,25361229,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,glλsissnake,"Now first things first:i am a huge fan of ""only-exploration-games"", i spent several hours in Space Engine and when i saw No Man's Sky the first times a few years ago, i thought that this is the next big game for me.I started to follow the development of the game one or two years ago and i liked every bit of the game.but now after i saw the final product and many posts on Reddit and videos on youtube, i am disappointed.I think that Sean Murray had many Ideas and when the release date came closer the team realized that they ♥♥♥♥ed up.The developers lied about the game, even things like on the E3, where Sean Murray played the game on completely ""random"" planets have been proved scripted. In the whole game after 20 hours of gameplay i haven't found planets nearly as beautiful than the planets shown by Murray.Everyone who bought this game because of the features shown by Hello Games in the last few months, has bought an product which was wrong advertised.It's just the same thing every time, the Terrain on the planets are not worth exploring because everything looks the same and in Bases or ""Houses"" you will always find the same stuff over and over.now about the missing features:If i order a Pizza with extra-cheese and i pay for a Pizza with extra-cheese but i just get a Pizza without extra-cheese i have paid for a different product than i got, and this is also the case for everyone who preordered No Man's Sky, it has been advertised as a different product than it is.and this is pure scamming of people who are ready to pay for the features named by the developer.I think the game is not worth 60€/$."
,Not Recommended,275850,25211646,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Mr. Dusk,This game has two different endings.1. Finding the Center of the Galaxy2. The Refund ending.Spoilers!! The Refund Ending is the better option.10/10 Best Periodic Table collecting simulator ever!
,Not Recommended,275850,26423469,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Aylomen,I could have bought 2 bags of weed instead.
,Not Recommended,275850,25009902,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,filthy commie,"Hello.I wanted to love this game, I heard about it in early March and was instantly enthralled by just how unbelievable the scope of it was, and the potential it had.For the first 24 hours in the game, I can say I really did love it, anyone who asked me about the game I’d recommend they buy it. Around the 25 hour mark I started to notice just how repetitive the game is, not in what you do, as I always knew that was the case. However the planets were all the same. Every planet class has certain materials you’ll find on it, and those materials won't be found on another planet of a different class, even if it has the same characteristics of that other planet.. Ex: Planet X is cold, it has Element X in abundance, however Planet Y is inhabited by hostile sentinels, it has Element Y in abundance, Planet Z is cold, and inhabited by hostile sentinels, it has neither Element X nor Element Y, instead it has Element Z, which is found on all planets. That’s not me just being unlucky, In my 30 hours I’ve gone to 19 star systems and over 50 planets. This along with the massive list of features shown in the trailers which simply aren't in the game has made me realize that me wanting to like this game made me blind to the obvious issues that plague the experience for me.This will be a game I’ll reluctantly go back to after major updates, but that’s only because I can't get a refund. I believe it still has potential, but no longer will I listen to anything Sean Murray says that hasn't gone through a PR department.Thanks."
,Not Recommended,275850,24849441,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,RexSol,"Overhyped, poorly optimized, indie game made by 15 people, being sold for AAA price. It's shallow, empty, repetitive and boring. Their 18 quintillion planets are just a bunch of re-color of the same assets, randomly generated with different combinations. Their representation of the universe is inaccurate, every single planet and moon i've seen is inhabited with life and/or vegetation, there are no gas giants, no ring systems. Also, black holes are literally portals. So astronomy enthusiasts, beware, if you thought this would be a space sim you're wrong, it is vaguely based on the real universe.About the gameplay, you scan stuff, you mine materials, find some outposts, fill out your ship and your gear, run out of inventory space, go to the nearest space station, sell your sh*t, and then you move on the the next planet. That's basically what you do until you reach the center of the galaxy for a NG+. About the combat, the ground and space shooting are mediocre at best. All planetary outposts and space stations look the same. There is a very limited variety of NPCs, there is 3 different intelligent species you can interact with, the same 3 guys with different clothes basically, all NPC interactions are essentially the same. All ships look like toys. And all alien life forms look like they were made by a child using Spore creature creator. The excitement lasts for about the first few planets, then the repetition sinks in, and you're left with a feeling of huge disappointment.I have completed the Atlas Path and completed all achievements, i'm on my way to the center of the galaxy, but i'm not sure if i will continue, because i'm already bored of the game. UPDATE: I have now reached the center of the galaxy after 14 straight hours of warping only stopping on planets to recharge the warp drive. I ended up in the Hilbert Dimension, the second galaxy. Uninstalled the game. DO NOT BUY, YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.Also, what i really want to talk about is how they straight out lied about it being multiplayer. And the game simply does not look like it did on the trailers.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A8P2CZg3sJQThe problem is not the fact that you can't see or interact and play together with other people, it's the fact that they said it was possible and it isn't. I'm perfectly fine with the game not having multiplayer, i play single-player games and i enjoy them. What i have a problem with, is they straight out lied about it being multiplayer, that is unacceptable, a game developer cannot do that and get away with it.I am sick of these vague as f*ck tweets from Sean Murray implying something but not stating it clearly. It's just a series of shady moves they make over and over again, careful choice of words leaving multiple interpretations, misleading disinformation. Not even the press knows what to make of it.They actually covered with a sticker the multiplayer icon from the PEGI score on the Limited Edition box. Sauce:http://www.pcgamer.com/no-mans-sky-limited-edition-box-has-online-play-icon-hidden-under-sticker/After years of clearly stating that it was multiplayer, ONE DAY BEFORE the PS4 launch, they tweet that the game is not ''a multiplayer experience'' then tweet that ''The chances of two players ever crossing paths in a universe this large is pretty much zero'' contradicting the previous tweet.Sean Murray specifically said on interviews you could see and interact with other players, and play together. Then on the first day it has been confirmed by two streamers that tried to meet up, they were in the same system, same planet, same spot, and couldn't see each other, for one of them it was day time, for the other one it was night time. And the kicker? Hello Games are celebrating that ''two players encountered each other'', and then say that they were having server problems, implying that's why the players couldn't meet. How can they be so deceitful?Do not buy this game. This should be in Early Access and it is worth $20 max. I honestly don't understand the mentality of ""Give them some time. Eventually be good."" Sorry but if the game's release price is $60, it should be worth $60 at release. This is not a beta or a Early Access, although it looks and plays like one, this is a full release.If you're looking for a good single-player exploration sandbox game, get Subnautica. A indie game with a indie game price. 92% overall positive reviews. Has actual survival mechanics, crafting mechanics, building mechanics. Better graphics and VR support.Update: Jimquisition quoted me!http://www.thejimquisition.com/metabombed-no-mans-sky-is-worthless-in-every-way/"
76561197974037832,Not Recommended,275850,25501170,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Shooting Blind,"Tried to refund this game 12 times with no luck, will keep trying.  Only game ive ever tried to refund in the last 11 years, this game is a scam and a lie.edit: somewhere around 32 attempts nowedit: somewhere around 55 attempts now, must not give upedit:134 attempts, i hope they never make another game again"
,Not Recommended,275850,25071581,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Lord King,This game isn't worth paying that much for it. they say it's a vast universe but the game size tells another story. I think it gives you the illusion that ur travelling in space while all it does when you hit the light speed travel button or enter a black hole is that it regenerates the same place randomly the funny thing about it is that you still keep doing the same thing over and over again the story is weak and not even interesting the aliens are boring even the Atlas mission ain't worth following I deeply regret buying this at all.
76561198299245061,Recommended,275850,32551762,Posted: 18 June,all,Dev Rossik,"New Review for Atlas Rises UpdateFrom the perspective of one who has played this game from the first release...Hello Games, with the release ofAtlas Rises, you have vandalized countless hours of patient discovery, rendered thousands of units of stored products obsolete, damaged my base, ravaged my home planet, and killed my dog.*But, before I go all John Wick on you, I suppose I can put in a few hours of play to see if this new version of No Man's Sky has anything to recommend it --- at least I will after you stop patching it so that I can update my mods properly....* Note: Claim of dog murder may be exaggerated.....After Installing Patch 1.35I'm still wrestling with the mods, but never mind, I'll play unmodded for a while.I didn't start over from scratch, but I did play through the officialAtlas Risesquest line.  It's not bad.  Without spoiling it, I can say you will learn a lot about the back story of the three sapient lifeforms, and your own story as well.  It will also introduce the new mission system and some new factions.As I mentioned in my opening rant, the new update resets a lot of what came before.  The planet generator has been revamped, and in the process all previous planets were regenerated.  That beautiful, lush paradise that was your favorite hang-out?  Gone -- replaced by a newly generated world.  It might still be nice, or it might be a wasteland.  That is particularly annoying on the world where you have your base.  And, if you built parts of your base outside the defined boundary, those parts will be gone, too.The worlds you discovered and named still exist -- sort of.  You discovered them, they're in your list, and yet you must re-discover them again.  When you scan for creatures, the old ones you found before are still listed, but they are around anymore, and there are new ones.  It's really odd.I'm not sure why the discovered worlds couldn't have been preserved.  Resetting them has no impact on new players, but it's upsetting to the veterans who've spent the most time playing, and the most time supporting this game.  It seems short-sighted.I was so depressed about the changes to my home planet that I decided to move away.  Far, far away.  After completing theAtlas Risingquest, I traveled all the way out to the 10th galaxy, which is namedEissentam.  TheNo Man's Sky Gamepediareports that it seems to have a larger number of lush planets that other galaxies, which I thought sounded nice.  I found a pretty place to build a new base, and I'm settling in quite well.By the way, the games still breaks all your stuff when you jump to a new galaxy.  I don't put up with that crap.  I just open the save game file, search for""DamageFactor"": 1.0, and replace it with""DamageFactor"": 0.0.  Problem solved.New StuffThe new planet generator supposedly produces more rational planets.  I don't know about that, they seem pretty much like the old planets.  There are some nice new things:Exotic Planets- These have some very different types of things in place of the more conventional flora and fauna, such as shards of metal, bubbles, glowing cones, and weird cog-like things.  It's pretty cool.Crashed Freighters- There are crashed freighters on some planets, which you might be able to loot.  It will at least make for some dramatic screen shots.Freighter Hyperdrives- Speaking of freighters, you can now use your freighter to jump between systems with you and your ships inside.  If you are playing without mods, the freighter, when maxed out, is capable of jumps that are about 20% farther than your ship.  To actually jump, go to the place where your freighter's captain stands, and approach the glowing spherical map thing.Inventories- On of the better new things, these are extra inventory pages in your exosuit, starship, and freighter.  All three gain an extra page for ""Technology"", where you can install technology upgrades without consuming general inventory slots.  It sounds great -- but there's a big catch.Certain technology items are ""core"" units, which can't be dismantled or moved (at least not without mods).  Those units must remain on the General inventory page.  Since you need to add technology upgrades in slots adjacent to their main unit to get the synergy bonuses, all of those upgrades will have to stay on the General page too.  Also, you will want to keep rechargeable technology on the General page, because it's much faster to open that page for a refill.  All of that leaves a limited range of technologies that you will want to place on the Technology page.  It's not useless, by any means, but it's a lot less helpful than it could have been.Your exosuit also gets a third inventory page, named ""Cargo"".  This is the most useful one.  The slots have a high capacity, like your ship slots, for substances or products.  Once you have built up a supply of stuff, you can operate independently of the resources in your ship.  Technology can be recharged, and products and base elements can be crafted directly out of the Cargo inventory.However, moving inventory between the General and Cargo pages in your exosuit is absurdly clumsy.  There should be a simple left-and-right layout like when you are swapping ships -- but no, you must laboriously move each item by switching from page to page.  Worse yet, there appears to be no way to access the Cargo inventory while trading goods.  Really?Mission System- You still have the old main missions, like ""Atlas Path"", but now you can have a  whole list of secondary missions.  This includes familiar ones like the base technician missions, but also faction-based missions for the three sapient lifeforms and the new Guild factions:  Merchants, Mercenaries, and Explorers.Standing System- You still have your basic standing with the three sapient lifeforms, but there are now multiple factors that contribute to that standing, and new standing ratings for the new Guild factions.Portals- I never understood all the hype about the portals before, but anyway, they are now a thing that work, if you know the glyphs.  There is some major lore around portals.Terrain Manipulator- Interesting idea, but it's a crude first attempt.  This needs a lot of work by the developers to become useful.Game Guide- Finally!  A built in guide to how stuff works in the game.  The original game was needlessly obscure and confusing.  The new guide finally explains things you should know, given that you are out in the universe, flying around in starship and so forth.  Why were you so ignorant of everything before anyway?(Actually, thatmightbe explained during a certain quest...)Seeing Other Player's Avatars- I haven't seen this.  Going by the samples, it looks a bit silly, but it does mean that there is now infrastructure in place to begin supporting multi-player.  I'm not sure if folks really understand how challenging real-time multi-player interaction is.  It requires a big investment in hardware and software infrastructure to connect, move, and coordinate the required data.  Multi-player was the big promise that was broken by the developers, of course, so I guess they feel compelled to make it happen.  Personally, I don't care all that much.SummaryI was really disappointed that things that I had built got trashed.  From here on I will assume that it will happen again, and act accordingly.  But with a nice new storyline, new stuff to do, weird new planets to visit, and all the old features still there, I will definitely enjoy the game more.For new buyers, it's still overpriced.  With the current feature set, I'd call it about a $35 (USD) value, maybe $40 max.  Adding some actual player interaction would change that quite a bit."
,Not Recommended,275850,32213571,Posted: 5 June,all,BrⒶvo,"I wish there was a nutral review.  I didnt enjoy nor hate this game.  I seleted no for recomendations because I feel a negative review more suits how I feel about this game.  I like the idea of exploring an infinate universe.  Although there needs to be something to do in said universe.  No Mans Sky falls so short on so many reguards.  First of all, the game has no real point other than travel to the center of the universe, something easier said than done.Plus when you finally reach the center it just restarts youThe game has great ideas, and if it was $5 or $10 I would recomend it.  But because of its price and the fact it gets boring after the first 2 hours.  I would recomend Starbound.  A game similar to this except in Starbound the focus isnt just exploration.  Spend your money elsewhere."
,Recommended,275850,34200163,Posted: 12 August,all,honelith,"1.0 = No way.1.1 = Hmm.1.2 = Getting there.1.3 = This is how the game should have released.1.4 = I'm very excited to see what comes next.No Man's Sky, not only is it a very unique game but it was released in quite a state with many talked about features missing. It seems Hello Games are commited to fixing their game and are well on their way to delivering these missing features and adding a whole lot more. Atlas Rises was a suprise to me, I wasn't expecting so much to be added and changed. I vaguely followed 1.1 and 1.2 and wondered if one day this game will be something even more special and I reckon it now is. A shame the way they handled this game at release but oh boy is it now a game everyone will be watching and talking about.Weldone on the improvements, keep it up!"
,Not Recommended,275850,25257686,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Keytone,"I cannot in good conscience reccommend this game.Misleading marketing, incomplete features, buggy systems, incoherent game mechanics, etc infest this game. While undoubtedly a technical achievement, perhaps this should be better called No Man's Game. I have utterly lost faith in the developer of this game.Of the many things that were hinted at and promised, the only good thing I've appreciated it for is making nice screenshots. This is an unacceptable level of quality for the price of this game.DO NOT BUY"
,Not Recommended,275850,25501377,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Unbirth,"So, I don't really know who this game was meant for. I can honestly say that I am totally the kind of player who loves to explore the more mundane of games, you know the collecting, farming, or oh man if there is mining. Something about mining really gets my engine going in the worst of ways.When the initial reports were coming about this game not quite being what everyone thought it would be, it didn't really stop me as it still sounded like it should be right up my alley. Yet when I played it, there was just nothing interesting there to keep me going. Sure I was collecting and arguably mining, but to no end whatsoever. I couldn't really use it for much, I couldn't collect just egregious amounts of it to flaunt my opulance. I just had no reason to do anything really, and so I returned it.I hope this game becomes a game one day, and I look forward to that day. For now though I can't recommend this game to anyone."
,Not Recommended,275850,28532134,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Akogishi,"The game is okay, but needs more content. Simply put the game lacks substance. Other than the scenery, the majority of features feel rushed and are uninspiring. The features are there so that the game can say, ""yes, this feature is in the game."" However, my biggest complaint, which is strictly my personal opinion, is that for an exploration game that allows you to ""discover"" things, there sure are a lot of outpost/space stations/aliens everywhere. Not once did I ever feel like I discovered anything for the first time. The only enjoyable feature of the game are the pretty planets. Even then, the moment is ruined by ships flying overhead or robots scanning you. In its current state, I would not recommend.Edit: I have not, will not, and do not have any desire to play the game with the updates or with mods."
,Not Recommended,275850,25393738,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Wall Builder,"I regret buying this more than I did Brink. I hate this game with every fiber of my being, but I hate myself more for buying into the hype."
76561198026458255,Not Recommended,275850,24969002,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,501stVadersFist,"Rinse, repeat. Rinse, repeat. Rinse, re…. wait, is that something ne…nope. Rinse, repeat.No Man’s Sky, one of the most anticipated games for the 3rd quarter, couldn’t have been a bigger let down. The game basically got a running start at something great, then slowly got its head ahead of its feet and is now tumbling down head over heels into a smoldering pile of crap. I honestly don’t even know where to begin with this game.First off, I have invested roughly 12.5 hours at the time of this review, and I cannot speak for any technical issues as I did not encounter any (not to say that there aren’t any).The biggest issue with this game is there is absolutely no motivational factor to get you to complete this game or ‘reach the center of the universe’. There is nothing to get you going or interested and even to want to begin that journey. Unless of course you enjoy stopping at trillions of planets ‘procedurally’ generated along the way.Every planet is incredibly repetitive. Yes you find a few new species and a hot planet rather than a cold, but unless you desire to find every species on that planet or just walking around smelling the flowers, you do exactly the same thing on every…planet….you….visit. You basically start mining and gather enough resources to launch yourself off the rock, warp, then arrive at the next system……only to land and mine and gather enough resources to launch yourself off the rock, warp, then arrive at the next system……only to la….   Woops, almost thought I was playing the game there.The ships and inventory of such are clunky and impossible to navigate. The only advantage to getting a new ship is its inventory space. Other than the outer shell of the ship, there is absolutely no difference in handling from the first ship you receive, to the ones towards the center of the universe. If you really desire your starting ship, all you have to do is upgrade your inventory….. and once you’ve got more storage? You have completed 25% of the game! The game is basically a journey of being able to store more crap in your pockets.Do you like exploring and discovering new planets? Finding all the new animals and critters running around and getting to name them yourself? Well you obviously aren’t playing No Man’s Sky. The various alien races in the game are conveniently sitting in their huts all over every planet you visit. Not only that, but they must have had time to build a space station in every system. So in reality, you aren’t discovering anything, you are basically a tourist on vacation to the outer rim. Then there is the alien races language, I have managed to accumulate at least 250-300 words from the various races but I still have no freaking idea what any of them are saying!In the end, this game was a major let down, however the developers did a damn good job on getting everybody to board the hype train, but I could not recommend this game in its current state, not that it would ever change. This game could have been an amazing space exploration and discovery adventure, but it fails to deliver any of that, and will likely continue to fail. Very poorly executed. If the price falls (which it undoubtedly will soon) I could see someone purchasing this or if it falls within the $20-30 range, but until then, don’t waste your money or something deserving of an Alpha status.But remember not to spend all your money if you do get it, the paid DLC is coming soon! To add what they said would be in the initial release!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A8P2CZg3sJQ"
76561198298451515,Not Recommended,275850,25705430,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,austinw24,"As someone else mentioned, the fact that there is a refund disclaimer on here says enough. Steam sadly chose the side of the developer instead of the community.The game is nice for about 30 minutes until you realize that 90% of what was promised or shown in the trailer is not in the game. Cash those checks Steam, clearly supporting blatant lying to the community is important."
,Not Recommended,275850,25872745,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,CJIA,"As both a gamer and someone who runs an agile development team in real life, I can say that I'm thoroughly upset at the half-baked product that Sean Murray and Hello Games released.  I wanted to convey a few thoughts as to what drives this angry feeling:1) over-promising and under-delivering:  Regardless of the size of your studio and their development capabilities, you have a fundamental duty to your users to accurately depict what you're creating for them.  Sean and co. did not do that. They promised a full, complex universe that emulates what it would be like to traverse worlds, planets, and star systems. What they sold was a two simulators slap-dashed together and stuffed with a random attribute generator. If this is a universe emulator, it's a really depressing one that's more of a soul-less minecraft knock-off with crappy crafting and a sub-par space/flight sim bolted on.The lack of multiplayer was especially a drag, but given how little you can actually do in the universe, I'm not sure it would have materially added to the experience. The NPC development was also laughably sub-par.The joy of discovery wears really thin when there's nothing of note to discover.2) The in-game UI:  Did they not do any play-testing whatsoever?  The interface is infuriating. the long-clicks, the insanely long, not-skippable transitions to talk to NPC's, the inventory management- all of it.  It's some of the worse UI I've seen in a game.3) the lack of communication from HG/Sean:  There's two things that can act as a multiplier for gamer outrage: the price paid for the game, and the extent to which the developers stop communicating after releasing a broken game.  At current count, it's been 48 days since Sean Murray communicated anything at all to the users. There's simply no excuse for that.That's especially true when you look at the economics of the game realase: at least 750,000 copies sold at $60 a pop. They released an early access game at a AAA price point, and effectively stopped communicating with their user base (aside from resolving some critical usability bugs).This studio took in at least $45 million in revenue for a broken game, and then stopped communicating with its users. I've spent a fair amount of time playing the game, partially because i wanted to give it a fair shot, and because i gave in to some of the grindy game dynamics for a while. Yes, it can generate some decent screenshots, but overall It's not satisfying, it's not fulfilling, and it's a frustrating experience to see an entire broken universe created without any meaning to it.No Man's Sky is as expansive as it is shallow and broken."
76561198065824230,Not Recommended,275850,29729062,Posted: 5 February,all,Jerv,"Pre-ordering this game was maybe my largest regret for 2016, and given me the resolution to never pre-order a game again."
,Not Recommended,275850,32420629,Posted: 14 June,all,Spöka,"What has been achieved on a technical level is truly incredible. However after those magical first 4 hours of playing the game descends into repetitive monotony. This game would be very worth it if it was maybe 20$, but 60$ is a joke."
76561198083932486,Not Recommended,275850,25501477,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Kraxzus,Really need a refund.
,Not Recommended,275850,24978657,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,RefTyy,"WARNING SPOILERS.I'm gonna revoke my posetive/supportive review of this game. because its absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.I made it to the center of the galaxy. to do what? watch stars fly for 5 minutes and as i waited, MY GAME, resets to some ""game +"" just with my current ship and multitool....... are you serious????To sum this game up.10 first hours = the experience was amazing, i had this whole ""woooow"" feeling as i explored and had fun with the game...but after those 10 hours i got to relise, planets? its just basically reskins most of them, they look nearly exactly the same even closer to the center..... ANIMALS. a big one. MOST OF them look exactly the same or they have drastic changes. But what does it matter when... they all act the same, they eat the same, they behave the same.and to add to that, ALL the buildings in the game, from the 3-4 different factions.. have like wut? 3-4 different buildings which is just copied and pasted in all over the planets?THE GAME. is about EXPLORATION.... exploring the same♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over again... is that fun to you?it even lacks in the exploration part cuz all you do is basically just rediscover, and see the same♥♥♥♥♥♥all over again...And on top of that. sean murray the founder or whatever lied multiple times about the multiplayer aspect of the game, just to get it to the selling point, and then revoking that making it a singleplayer game before the release day..... Litterally this game will die out in less than half a year if they dont make some drastic changes.Cuz as it stands now the only way to make money is by farming on planets, griding for no purpose at all...  BUT OH the game has a PIRATE SYSTEM. you get ABSOLUTELY nothing out of killing ships AND the combat system in the game, lacks majorily. Its not enjoyable at all. Theres not even a bounty system, so you cant deliver a ""kill"" to get some cash...I could go on and on. but the point is. The game is absolute garbage and boring as it stands now...they should have waited another year before releasing this 100%. such a scam"
76561198065774109,Not Recommended,275850,25062818,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,skeetineaton,"I'm far from the first one to state this, but for as much possibility as this game has, it falls flat on pretty much every level. The only consistently interesting thing about this game is the initial plethora of new and exotic looking species, and planets. But even that gets stale after the 6th or 7th planet you've visited. It might be worth a play just based on the often stunning visuals some of the more exotic planets give you, but the graphics just don't hold up. They may look tolerable while stationary, or scanning an item but as soon as you get moving the FPS plummets. Save yourself some money and time and just pick this up when it drops $40-50."
,Not Recommended,275850,26291840,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,RUBBIES = CUMMIES,No Man's Sky was a mistake
76561198034098515,Not Recommended,275850,25192969,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,akstrappedmane,"This isn't a game for most people and 60 bucks is a lot considering what is being offered. For some it will be worth the money, for me it is too much.While I still have fun playing it, I just can't recommend it for most people in its current state.However, check out mods for this game. They can improve it a ton and even add some of the missing features you saw in trailers, such as:-large space fleets-way way bigger and more dense flora and rocks (forests finally feel like forests if you know what I mean)-bigger speciesThe list goes on.Modding might just save this game."
76561198024606345,Not Recommended,275850,25067981,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Rickyboy716,"THis game is a scam, Don't buy because you're going to waste 60 euro's for only 5 hours of happyness after that everything gets boring because they're NOTHING to do in NMS"
,Not Recommended,275850,24917821,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,gehsekky,"This game is not worth $60. Props to the small dev team for making something as clever as they did, but it's not $60 clever. I honestly don't understand the mentality of ""Give them some time. They will come out with more stuff and it will eventually be worth $60."" Sorry bro, if the game's release price is $60, it should be worth $60 at release. At some point in the future, if I feel the updates are worth it, I'll probably buy it again. But for now, I refunded this garbage and have zero regrets."
76561197972453979,Not Recommended,275850,25072539,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Bankroll Fre$h,"$60 to mine, fly, mine, fly, mine, fly, sell, fly, mine, fly, mine.0/10 will never play again.No multiplayer, paid DLCs coming, game is full of false promises more than it is full of features."
76561197971153101,Not Recommended,275850,24998875,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,raynak,"Key reasons why I don't like it:- Buggy & slow engine (stuttering, rendering in low resolution despite selected player resolution)- Shallow and repetitive gameplay- ""Exploring"" these random worlds are like finding shapes in clouds... it feels utterly pointless after a while- I don't like the UI and menus- You pay 60 EUR for something that feels like a buggy, unfinished tech demoWhat's good about it:- Takes you a couple of hours to realize how bad the game is, so at least you get a couple of hours of gameplay out of it"
76561197997171140,Not Recommended,275850,25093007,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,thethinktank,"They built a great platform, but they didn't build a game. Sadly, they charged for both. I'm terribly disappointed with this purchase."
76561198050361182,Not Recommended,275850,26609808,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Lugia,This game has more cons than planets.
76561198006222811,Not Recommended,275850,28931006,Posted: 1 January,all,cryo_stasis,"I'll admit it - i was sucked in by this game just like most who bought it. It's horrifically unfinished. At best, within a month of launch (i bought it in launch week), my thoughts were ""Oh well... hopefully it will be like Minecraft and in time, become a fleshed out and amazing game"". Now - I don't think that is at all likely. Possibly one of the most disappointing games I've bought in my life. If i'm looking for a silver lining - No Mans Sky has reminded me why it's pretty much always a good idea to wait at least a couple of weeks before buying a game, especially if there isn't a multiplayer component as there's no real reason to be an early adopter with singleplayer games. (To be clear - i never expected NMS to have any multiplayer, that is not amongst my many complaints about the game)Save your money. I don't think this would be worth it even in a $5 sale."
,Not Recommended,275850,24990183,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Septis,After many years of promises and false expectations. iv had enough. this was the final strawhttp://www.pcgamer.com/no-mans-sky-creator-walks-back-no-paid-dlc-statement/Guys wanna know how the PC version is? its a drag nd drop of the console edition..Love being able to look around my cockpit as well.Read the above article to get an idea about these Liars. this is a historical moment for gaming. and a lesson well learnt.NO MANS SKY -> ONE MANS LIE.more appropriate title.and before this review gets hated on.. i LOVE exploration games.. but the fact of the matter is this game has almost NOTHING of what was promised to us.. just do some research.  the wildlife sucks.. the AI sucks.. so many things suck . and im a fan. its hard for me to admit these  things. because i was fooled like the rest of you..but the only way to prevent this from happening again.. is to start a movement.. WE THE PEOPLE.. share this knowledge. make HELLO GAMES PAY for conning all of us.
76561198128151032,Not Recommended,275850,25207715,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,iNiNjX,"This game is worthless after a few hours. I've seen people saying things like ""You'll get bored in a few hours"" ,""All you're doing is resource gathering"", ""This game is repetitive"". However, me being naive, I ignored it and thought I would have a lot of fun. But after about 7 hours, the game started to feel like a chore to play. I've only found 2 cool planets, and the rest were just a total waste of time. All you do in this game is just gather Plutonium, Carbo, and Thanium just to go see bad reskins of planets and terrible wildlife that either run away from you or attack you. Don't forget to mention the cool screenshots and trailers that are shown with awesome space battles, portals, and beutiful terrain with amazing exotic wildlife. Please don't fall victim to this fraud of a game and waste your precious $60 like me."
,Not Recommended,275850,29977324,Posted: 16 February,all,Lil Roguey,"Not the same game as I watched an amazing trailer for.  So different in fact that I feel I've been sold a completely new product, once I've never seen before nor like.  I regret my purchase whole-walletedly."
76561198084909316,Not Recommended,275850,24998874,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Gealic Platypus,"As the game stand right now, I wouldn't be able to recommend it to anyone unless it went on sale for 30 dollars or less. What everyone else is saying is absolutely true. Once you been to about 20 planets you start seeing the same things over and over again. There just really isn't that much to do in this game. Maybe once the updates start rolling in to fix and add things to the game I'll change my review.P.S. Don't believe the E3 footage that is still being displayed on this page. Nowhere near anything like that."
,Not Recommended,275850,24923211,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,iBenParry,"No Man's Sky: Rating - 6/10Review contains minor spoilers you probably know about, nothing related to the ending though.TL;DR Edition:The game is great fun until you complete collecting Atlas Stones. After you complete that objective, it becomes tiresome just travelling to the center, which is extremely annoying to grind and will require you to go through over 100 black holes. While the game is extremely unique and the fun I experienced in the first 24 hours, it becomes repetitive. Buy it when it's £20 or less.Too Long; Still Going To Read Edition:This game offers an experience like nothing I've ever played before. Endlessly going to new planets and star systems has been one hell of a ride and journey for me. These planets really do have real variety to them, I've seen so many different mixes of terrain, as well as the species. The game really is something special and unique, but in a world so massive and randomly generated, how can Hello Games allow No Man's Sky to become repetitive for the user to play?No Man's Sky works off the idea that you need to get to the center of your galaxy. It doesn't tell you how to do it, it just gives you a ship and a multi-tool to work with and away you go. This idea is actually a great concept, it allows the player to come up with their own story, their own objectives and make decisions on what to prioritise doing. So you eventually fix up your ship and you are starting your journey. Now, at the beginning, you are asked if you would like the help of the Atlas, which will allow you to then join the Atlas Path and collect Atlas Stones, which are used later on in the game, which for me, was my main priority. So from that point on I spent 20 hours going planet to planet, system to system, learning as much about the species that inhabited these worlds, while also building up to my goal collecting Atlas Stones and I was loving it.But then I got all the Atlas Stones I needed and it was laid out for me, get to the center. This was it, the final objective, the last task this game had for me. I crafted warp cell after warp cell, going through countless black holes in a race to get there before anyone else could. But by the time I travelled through 15 of these black holes, I had only travelled a tiny 15,000 light years, with a frustrating 160,000 to go. This is my main problem with No Man's Sky and Hello Games. They expect you to be okay going through over 150 black holes to reach the center of the galaxy, they think it's an acceptable game element to have, when quite frankly all it does is drive players away from playing.This is where the repetition really hits in for you as a player. You just want to reach the center, you've done everything else, you've got a good ship, a large inventory and a great multi-tool, but that doesn't change the fact you need to grind all those warp cells to travel through 150+ black holes to reach a point you're starting to lose interest in. It kills me to slam this game because I've been enjoying my time with it so much and I love it, but this final act really does kick you in the teeth and is a disappointing end, to what is a great game.Conclusion:While Hello Games have crafted one of the most beautiful looking games I've played and how they've achieved what they've achieved with 15 people is astounding. But in turn, you've created a huge environment that makes the game feel so empty. This game needs more, give me tasks to do on the way to center of the galaxy, create new stones for different races, such as Gek Stones, just to keep us busy. This game is going to be updated and content will be added overtime, but I would strongly advise waiting until this game dips to around £20 before you pick it up. £40 is too steep for an asking price for what you get given in such a little time of play. While the game isn't a bad game, it just needs work. And with the right time and mindset, Hello Games can make No Man's Sky one of the most memorable games to ever grace the market.Edit:Game completely blows, with no updates, do not buy this crap, ggwp Hello Games."
76561197970999714,Not Recommended,275850,25124695,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,bizkitmaker13,"Don't buy for $60, this game is at best a $20 early access game. The gameplay is boring and repetitive, and after a couple hours you will have seen 95% of what the game has to offer. Go to the subreddit and look at the pretty screencaps people post and you'll get more enjoyment for free. The only bits that had me interested were the Atlas storyline and getting to the center to see what all the hype was about. Both are an utter letdown SPOILERSThe Atlas story seems like it was written by a 5 year old... the big reveal of the story is that you are in a computer simulation. Really...? Really, that's the big mystery, you're playing a simulation. ♥♥♥♥ you Hello Games. Oh and when you get to the center there's nothing, the game just says “Hahaha, wow, you actually wasted your time getting here” and pulls you back out to the edge of a new galaxy for you to start over. It's NG+ without the +2/10 don't buy."
76561197970886599,Not Recommended,275850,24967209,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Snarke,"See those screenshots and videos up there? Those are lies. False advertising, precisely catered assets arranged in ways you will never find them in game. It pains me to do this, but as long as they keep advertising this game with media that is not representitive of the actual game, I can't in good conscience give it a positive review.The irony of the situation is that if this game had released with no fanfare, no hype, no press, and no promises, I believe it would have been quite well recieved. Myself honestly, I am having an okay time. I paid for the game, and will get what enjoyment I can out of it. It's not a bad game after all. It's pretty chill, and every now and then I found a world that really impressed me, and I spent hours just wandering and exploring. The technology at work here is pretty impressive, and although most of the features seem to have been dumbed down considerably, it is still a worthwhile experience if the loop of harvesting and crafting for its own sake appeals to you.If only there was a bit more progression. Something to change the game up a bit. But I was mining iron and plutonium during my first hour, and 20,000 light years later I have basically all the tech and a huge ship, and I am still mostly just mining iron and plutonium. At first the creatures, despite being far less diverse and complex than promised, occasionally surprise me. However, after a dozen planets I realized I'd pretty much seen everything.Still, if this sounds like your thing, there is a lot to like here. Just keep in mind that you might get something different from what was advertised.Oh, also the current version's performance is garbage."
76561198015132325,Not Recommended,275850,25783618,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,[G] Mark Abrams,"I want a damn refund...for over a month now the damn game is unplayble for me.crash after startup.no reaction from the HG support.no known workarounds are helping (reinstall, setting file editing ect.)beside all that .. i really tryed to give this thing a fair chance... i really did .. for round about 60 hours.honstly ... this game is the biggest ♥♥♥♥up 2016.i just hope a lot of people learned a lesson from this.i was against preoder and hype before this turd hit the fan,but now i'm so against that even femnazis would think i'm to radical.sriously from now on all devs can go suck a big one until they have prooventhat they have a finished product wich is in a working order."
,Not Recommended,275850,25242003,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,google pixel 2,i want a refund
76561198034307099,Not Recommended,275850,24959084,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,IsRuMe,"As for right now. It's impressive. The game is massive and nobody is going to explore it all by themselves. I've never tried harder to like a game in my life. I hopped on the hype train at their e3 trailer. I knew this game would be someting else, and it most defenitly was.The sense of direction they've given you is very minor, almost non existant. You mine some stuff. get rid of some stuff to mine more stuff. Bring it to your ship and off you go to another planet. There's no building you can do, you can't inhabit a planet. You're lost. you have a ship and whatever you can find to survive.Good parts about this game, though.-Amazing soundtrack.-You won't do much/any backtracking- Can prove a challenge- Freaking MASSIVEBad parts-Not for everyone- Hype train ruined what was supposed to be a small exploration game- Repetitive- Planets are re-skinned and the animals ARE NOT what you see in the trailer.All in all the game isn't bad, but isn't great. There are multiple games i would reccomend before No Mans Sky. This is also not worth the 60 dollars. 30 would be a reasonable price range."
,Not Recommended,275850,25122544,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Tadres,"Lies, lies, lies and lies about anything and everything.All ""gameplay videos"" is misleading almost in all aspects.Core GameplayIs repetitive chore:Collect resources to repair ship, collect resources to fuel up the ""space engine"" and ""launch thrusters"" - go to different planet, search for ship/resource/stuff to scan; collect resources to fuel up the  ""space engine"" and ""launch thrusters"" - go to different planet, and so on and so forth...Cosmos ActivityIs lacking...You can't blow up large starships and space station.You can't interact with others starships in cosmos.You can't dock to large starships.You can't fly to sun, because it's a background what means - there no planetary system, what means - planets always stay in same place and they not rotate.There only 3 alien races.No faction battles that shown on ""gameplay"" videosWhat you can do in Cosmos:You can destroy container on a large starship to getshistuff that you don't need, because when you need it your ship is to week to handle one hit from that starship.You can fight with pirates, but in 90% they always outnumbered you.You can fight with Sentinels(Cosmos Police) ships, after few killed small starships a large battle starship shows up and will throw 20~ small starships at you, after few minutes they just disappear.40% of time you spend in battle goes to inventory menu for:Repair shields.Refill weapons.Move items from your starship to your suit, because if you picked up items and you don't have a space in starship they just deleted aka ""nothing to found"".Collect resources from asteroids(nothing even close to EVE) in 8/10 just to fill your engine.CraftThere like 40+/- recipes to craft, but mostly you will craft ""Warp Cell"" for ""Hyperdrive"".After 1~h you will start to getting alot of messages like: ""recipie already learned"" and ""inventory full""Two recipes (atlas pass v2 and v3) are more like unicorns only few people find it.State of the game at release:Game have ""Arkham Knight"" level of optimization, fps drops, lack of setting, controls of the starship is poor, broken and not respond properly to the mouse movements.At release to improve game expirience, people needed to edit game files and set fps ""max"" and change sound settings of pc to fix ingame sound ""cracking""Instead of an apology for bad start, we got support that say: ""Hey mate download new drivers it's sure fix all problems ¯\_(ツ)_/¯""In short:This game it's not even a close to finished game - it's a early access game with price of AAA game.P.s. At first DEV say that game will have free dlc and now they will be paid..."
,Not Recommended,275850,31650868,Posted: 9 May,all,Sartorius,"Excellent aesthetics is literally the only thing this has going for it. It's another survival game where you harvest stuff to make stuff and so on and so forth, and it's not particularly interesting to play. It feels like a tech demo."
,Not Recommended,275850,28917854,Posted: 1 January,all,FFFRRROOOOTTTTT,How the hell is this a platinum game?
,Not Recommended,275850,25697943,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,FarleShadow,"Ah, No Man Sky. How do I review you?Take a delicious, hard earned serving of world building batter. Put it in the oven and allow it to gently rise and gain a golden crust of fantastic, infinitely different textures. Take it out of the oven, you master chef, then place it upon a golden user-built plate of perfection. Then give all that to your release, sorry, 'finishing chef', to give the final touches.Then watch as he slaps a thin veneer of interactivity over it and then goes on a smoke break.No Man Sky? More like No man would buy this shtako because it is basically an indie game in the extensive robes of a main stream title.And, to complete this review, I will answer the blurb on the store page:“Will you be a fighter, preying on the weak and taking their riches, or taking out pirates for their bounties? Power is yours if you upgrade your ship for speed and weaponry.Or a trader? Find rich resources on forgotten worlds and exploit them for the highest prices. Invest in more cargo space and you'll reap huge rewards.”I won’t be anything, No Man Sky, because trading is pointless, fighting is pointless and the rewards, thanks to a truly idiotic inventory system where a pearl takes up the same space as several tons of uranium and upgrades that somehow TAKE UP INVENTORY SPACE EVEN THOUGH THEY’RE, LIKE, A CPU!”Anyway, I normally wouldn’t mind dropping 10 pounds for this stuff, but no voice actors, no real interactivity, no… well nothing. I applaud them for the advertising campaign and excellent delivery. I resent them for trying to make me thing this game has any value beyond a tech demo.In short: I, having played it, will kindly give the reader of this review an invitation to message me and ask for the game that they thought NMS would be. So I can complain more.Regards,Farle Shadow."
,Not Recommended,275850,28599033,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Mandarin,"This is one of those games where I wish they had a maybe option as it's not for everyone. I bought it when it was on sale and I believe I have gotten my money out of it.  It's a very beutiful game with lots to look at and explore. It is however, as others have said, very repetative.I found the hightlight of the game to be wandering from planet to planet looking for my next bigger ship. When you find a new broken ship you eventually learn to only fix a few systems, then fly off looking for your next ship. Once you find a planet with lots of little buildings on it, you can stay there and keep looking for ships until you find your 48 slot ship or you are bored enough to move on.There are these ancient stones littered on some of the planets that teach you how to converse with the different alients. I had made it a point to search them out until I learned that its not really necessary, You can pretty much figure out what each alien wants just by viewing the choices that the alien gives you.This is supposed to be an exploration game and so you want to land your spaceship near every building you find, but you then realize you will have to hunt for fuel each time you do that as it is very expensive to take off again after you land. But like the rest of the game, there isnt much point to landing on every building as they are all the pretty much the same. Keep any eye out for transmission towers tho as those will help you find crashed ships. Sometimes it will be the same crashed ship you didnt want to switch too earlier.Space stations, buildings, even planets start to look the same after awhile. Planets look gorgeous, but lack rivers. The random species tend to look the same after not much time and space stations look the same after the first one or two.You cant have more than one ship and you cant sell your existing ship when you purcahse a new one. You just have to pay the price whithout any sort of discount for what your ship is currently equipped with. Hence why its better to just go out and find new ones.The foundation update that just came out seems interesting as you will need to go out and hunt for various resources to build your base. Unfortunately, you can only have one base. It would have been cool to have multiple bases placed on worlds that have the resources you want so you can come back and harvest them later."
,Not Recommended,275850,26097969,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Romantic Old Man,"I’ve really given this game a chance, but is not what it seems. Despite being presumably gigantic, is actually pretty poor in content. All resources look the same way on each planet, all the structures found on planets look the same way (I’ve found the same 3 types of aliens all across the explored universe). Even if somehow the planets are different (with different plants and ridiculous looking animals), you can feel that basically they are the same stuff. Also I’ve found that many of the animals start to look the same way after you’ve explored a number of planets. Also the space stations look EXACTLY the same in all solar systems. So bottom line, this game had been better off if the developers hand-made 10 awesome planets, instead of randomly generating endlessly the same things. Oh, and yes, there is not much to do in this game really and I’ve discovered over and over again the same technology (technology tree is very limited too)."
,Not Recommended,275850,25004454,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Tuvia,very repetitive and lack of content
,Not Recommended,275850,28875799,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Bimm3rG33k,"Words can't describe how dissapointed I am with this game.  Advertisement, story and gameplay.... all a joke. Biggest let down of 2016."
,Not Recommended,275850,25230924,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,[DC] McKay,"It's♥♥♥♥♥♥You visit the same 6 planets that are the same, but differently coloured. On each planet you mine the same resources and meet the same characterless aliens in a bid to build a warp core to travel to the next solar system to do it all again until you reach the center of the Galaxy. Once you do this, you wake up in a new galaxy to do it all over again. Basically everything Sean Murray said about the game was a lie."
76561198014863855,Not Recommended,275850,25849471,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Geevum,"Even though I did play this for almost 60 hours, it was a bit disturbing that a majority of what was promised was not found in the game at all.  I really tried to like this game and hoped that after multiple systems I would eventually find a creature remotely similar to any of the preview videos I've seen prior to release.  This game is simply a bait and switch money grab pushing the limits of what can be legally exempt from false advertisement.  It's rather disappointing that Steam supports this type of fraud.***TLDR: Don't buy this game, unless you want to be cheated out of $60."
,Recommended,275850,34181218,Posted: 11 August,all,Jay Spinz,"While I kinda ""enjoyed"" the game at release, I was quickly dissapointed by the expectations that they forced upon me. I eventually gave up after about 100 hours because it just wasnt what I wanted.Advance time by one year and here we are. With their latest huge update, they showed me that they do care about the state of the game and they brought it much closer to what I once believed this game would be judging by the videos and screenshots of E3.I had to mod this game to actually enjoy it previously, now?Most of the mods I used are implemented into the game and I don't even think I really want to mod the game anymore other than maybe reshade.You can now:-call your ship to you-teleport to your freighter-farming-building-terraforming(you were able to destroy, but now you can create)-vehicles-more quests and factions-more variety-muchhhhhh better graphics-30hr story expansion-Multiplayer(sorta like a beta but it works!)Honestly I can go on, but I really just wanna go play..!! With the special its on, if you were ever hesitant about this purchase, do it. You'll immerse yourself into a grand sandbox universe.HG really pulled it off. Late, but they did it. Give them a chance, I don't think you'll be dissapointed, not as much as release anyways.Keep it up team, you have my vote."
76561197967082891,Not Recommended,275850,24988035,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,TheAlliedGhost,meh game. its a mining simulator where you mine to upgrade your ship and exosuit so you can mine much more resources so you can upgrade your ship and exsuit so you can mine some more.................4/10
,Not Recommended,275850,25214082,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,RReid | Boostmooster,"The amount of false advertisement going on with this game is unbelievable. If you compare the screenshots and videos on Steam as well as from other sources, you will notice a DRASTIC difference when you actually play the game. I have no come across any such ""beautiful"" planet that is shown from the videos, not even close, and I am able to play the game on high-end settings. That brings me to my next point, the game is poorly optimized and falsely advertised minimum requirements. The game has a minimum requirement of a GTX 480 but even on my GTX 970 I have constant crashes and FPS stuttering out the wa-hoo. The 11 hours of my game time on this game is spent loading up from crashes or trying to close the game since it freezes for me and seeing I can't close it until I force close Steam from my task manager. Also, if you're looking for multiplayer from this game, find it somewhere else as this game boasts multiplayer and seeing other players, but there is ZERO multiplayer interaction."
,Not Recommended,275850,25263004,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Mr.Slendy,I actually hate Sean Murray
76561198081775797,Not Recommended,275850,25202194,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Ferrowbane,"This Game has really not lived up to any expectation.from the start i was expecting, as we had seen in the adverts, worlds brimming with life with smooth beautiful game play. What i got was a barren wasteland with the same trees and rocks forever coupled with a sensitivity on the mouse that made you feel a bit nauseous even when set at 0%Having pre ordered this and looked forward to all the worlds to explore, i would rather pick up Pokemon go and explore my garden than play this game again.if your on the fence about it, you will be very dissapointed very quickly."
,Not Recommended,275850,25582401,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Gummymonk,Decent game. Would recommend if it goes on sale for around $15. Complete rip-off at current price.
,Not Recommended,275850,29796205,Posted: 8 February,all,🅲🅷🅴🅴🆉🆂🆃🅴🅺,No man's refund
76561198083082166,Not Recommended,275850,25207640,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,TimmyNoThumbz,"Cons:The game itselfSean Murray's lies and deceitPros:The refund mechanic works wellBrief comments:In all seriousness, stay away from this game. The devs have lied from the very beginning. No MP, very little to do once you've go a working hyperdrive, just rinse and repeat for 40 hours. And now, they've done a u-turn on their DLC policy. Basically; ""Sorry guys, when we said all DLC would be free, we really meant that we'd hoped that you would feel obliged to buy the DLC because you feel cheated about the base game.""Full price for this garbage is the biggest joke since EA's Battlefront. Avoid like the plague."
,Not Recommended,275850,25704773,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Yabuki Joe,this game shouldnt even be free-to-play
,Not Recommended,275850,25376983,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,RWR92,"So much wasted potential...If I had to narrow down a review to only 4 words that would be it. Once you get past the initial awe and amazement when you first spawn in, seeing this beautiful world before you, the first feeling of ""awwwww yeah I'm gonna love this,"" you start to see the flaws. At first they're minor, like the tiny inventory, or the lack of instruction. But then, when you leave your spawn planet, that's when even more issues are found, for instance the very lacking interior of the space stations, or the empty space where fleets of trader were supposed to be. As you continue in the game, the overall lack of a real game starts to emerge. With the same repetitive grind you have to make as you try to go from system to system....It was at that moment, when one question came to my mind, ""WHY DID I SPEND $60 FOR THIS GAME?""Overall the game is boring, and excesivley repetitive, also don't even get me started on that god awful excuse for an ending.I would refund this game but I think it may be some semblance of entertaining in like a year or more. Hello Games, please if you want to even stand a chance at keeping any fans at all don't even think about charging a dime for any future DLC's you may release."
76561198015360302,Not Recommended,275850,31630290,Posted: 8 May,all,Guigui,"Some said it is headed in the right direction with the recents updates, and I agree. To me, this game was released unfinished and now they are working on it. But hell, I paid 60 euros for this crap when it came out. This is absolutely not worth the money. They lied to the entire comunity about their game, it contains only a tenth of what they promised... Know what? Even a friend who illegaly downloaded the game felt robed."
76561198171504439,Not Recommended,275850,24940690,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,foxton,"Update 18/12/2016:Playing No Man's Sky is a bit like trying to knock a house down by bouncing a rubber ball against the wall.Ultimately the only options available to you are to perform the same unsatisfying repetitive actions over and over again. If, against the odds, you actually succeed in breaking through the wall, you find one exactly the same behind it and have to start again."
,Not Recommended,275850,24966617,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Shekels,"Trailers cant be trusted - BE WARNED -READ THIS POST BEFORE YOU CONTINUE -Video -https://youtu.be/Kuz3WETd4ugReddit-https://www.reddit.com/r/NoMansSkyTheGame/comments/4y4i3a/wheres_the_nms_we_were_sold_on_front_page/#img17This game is a mile wide, but only a foot deep. If you enjoy survival games like minecraft, go look somewhere else, its only exploration and tracking meters. Game is not worth $60, wait for a sale if you really want this game.""There's a massive difference between a your interpretation, a Minecraft-esque community around crafting (which is quite massive and in depth) and what he said, which is that people won't know the recipes in advance, just like they didn't in Minecraft and that the community will track which minerals are more likely to be found on which planets."" - Mr_Dr0ne- THE SUN IS JUST A SKYBOX PAINTING!!!!- Ice planets close to the sun.- Ship functionality BASICALLY THE SAME!!!!!!!!- Sicence ships are just as sgood freighters and fighters are just as good Sicence Ships (really annyed there is no difference (only cosmetic)- NO CUSTOMIZATION - You buy your ship, thats your ship - A BROWN TURD - or green- Planet variety cut down (No desert planets - check origial trailers)- Eco Systems are non existant - (a little hard to deliver on, but no simple interactions between animals exisits)- BIG sentials dont just walk around on planets (I WISH THEY DID)- Portals in monoliths DONT EXIST (wtf where did they go)- NPC conversations are bland and generic- NPC are basically identical- Kill a bunch of one aliens people, they don't care (Standing means NOTHING)- Factions are meaningless- Dogfights are♥♥♥♥♥♥- Rivers (Far and few between)-"
76561198046401604,Not Recommended,275850,25218158,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Felix Snowlily,Refund simulator 2016
76561198284964906,Not Recommended,275850,28110690,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Warney93,"Where to start with this game. . .Prior to Hello Games popping their heads out of the sand with update 1.1, this would be a negative review with a few swear words, a bundle of anger and a lot of disappointment (as the majority of reviews have already).Sean Murray did boast a ton of features than didn't exist and that were the main reason for people buying this game. I am not condoning his actions nor has he been forgiven but, this update to the game is a promising sign for the future of the game.The 1.1 update includes base building which is surprisingly extensive and includes features as (base building, obviously) hiring aliens to work in your base, a teleporting feature so you can store your valuables and return to your base via space stations, two new game modes, survival (which has a major difficulty increase) and creative (like mine craft where you can create anything, craft anything and have infinite health ect).There are other improvements which you can view in the patch notes (I haven't explored the update that much yet).Before this update, it was a huge thumbs down and I would recommend anyone avoid No Man's Sky like hot Sh|t but now, I'd say, keep your eye on the progress of this game and maybe look at getting it in the future if Hello Games keep their promise of fixing this mess."
,Not Recommended,275850,25410732,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,potaytoh,False advertising Simulator 2016
76561198157519697,Not Recommended,275850,28960750,Posted: 2 January,all,Sailor_Taco,"I put more than 50 hours into this and came with the simple conclusion that this game is just not done.The lack of things you can do starts after 10 hours of gameplay, than you're just building meaningless buildings like you're playing minecraft.BUT: hello games is working on this game, and even after how they released the game I can appreciate that.To sum it up, just wait before you buy it. This game is just not done yet but it got a lot of potential."
76561198239101082,Recommended,275850,34719599,Posted: 3 September,all,ASB,Amazing after the update. Dont. Stop. Updating.
,Not Recommended,275850,24886455,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Devorum,"As much as I want to love this game, I find myself increasingly frustrated and disappointed by it.  Partially because of the terrible quality of the PC port, but mostly because it is a barebones indie game at a AAA price.There's simply not enough in this game to justify the price tag. If it had been $20, or even $30, I would likely feel differently."
,Not Recommended,275850,29515133,Posted: 26 January,all,The Elusive Higgs Boson,"There's just not enough there.I followed the hype. I believed in the team. Ultimately, the product they delivered has been a huge disappointment."
76561198013167670,Not Recommended,275850,24925622,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,StugeGG,"Overall, it's not a bad game, but it's nowhere near worth $60.The PC version plays like an untested, unoptimized port that was an afterthought to boost sales.The gameplay itself can be fun, but is quite repetitive.After several hours, I ran into the same bugs as a lot of other folks, where the basic breadcrumb trail that leads you to key recipes and items broke.  Unable to procure those extremely necessary recipes to be able to progress through the game as intended, I'm forced to make a choice.  I can wipe my save and start over, randomly search everything trying to find what the game was supposed to lead me to, or just stop playing.I chose to stop playing.  Unfortunately, I am not able to get a refund due to my played time, as this is the first game I've ever bought that I'd actually want a refund for.At some point, if they add more content and fix the numerous issues, I may give this game a shot.  Unfortunately I'm already out the $60 for what feels like an early access game."
76561198109063346,Not Recommended,275850,32828234,Posted: 26 June,all,ninjacouch132,After two hours you have done everything you will ever do....enjoy doing it again and again and again.....you can also build bases now that you can also do nothing in.....buy a giant cargo ship and enjoy countless hours of doing nothing in them....
76561198030792096,Not Recommended,275850,24908629,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,jlm4us,"First time reviewing a game; that’s how much I would warn you to not buy No Man’s Sky. Even if the game didn’t constantly crash, even if the FPS were good, even if the game did not require constant grinding to simply wash-rinse-and-repeat with no true progression, I would not recommend this game. If it were $20, maybe but not $60.That being said, I will hand it to the creator; the mechanics behind No Man’s Sky are truly impressive and mind boggling but it ends there.---------------A few more hours in: Crashing is fixed for me now and the FPS are stable with no more dips from 40-50FPS to 10FPS.The game pulled me back again and I have given it another try. Yet after each session I set down the controller and feel empty. I enjoy survival/exploration games. I do not mind monotonous tasks, in fact I quite enjoy the pace; it allows me the time think and a medium for rebuilding resiliency. I am always compelled to see what on the other side of the next hill, not because there something to be gained, rather just to do it.However, No Man’s Sky still leaves me with very little sense of accomplishment. When I take a moment and look around me in our virtual universe I realize that where I am now is similar to where I have been and not too different from where I am going. Every day feels like Groundhog Day/Same-Same but differentㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ. This in its self is something that I would expect from a game of this size and complexity (or lack of complexity) but where my issue lies is that there is very little tying me to NMS. I do not really impact the universe and the universe honestly doesn’t impact me (maybe that’s the point?).We do NMS no justice by stratifying it against other games. With that being said, in other games that I enjoy there is this dynamic relation between me and virtual world which can manifest itself in many fashions. Even if I’m grinding for resources just to simply build something. At the end of the day I can look around and see my efforts regardless if I’m going to do the same thing tomorrow. In other instances, I may make not impact the virtual world at all, but I usually feel this sense building experiences when I can think back at my time in a game and “remember that one time that I that thing because it was cool” even if it is insignificant to others. NMS gave me similar experiences for the first couple hours but after warping to dozens of stars I can say that I still feel empty.In my opinion it is not a bad game and has a good foundation for more. But for now its not worth my time and defiantly not worth the $60 I played."
,Recommended,275850,30427873,Posted: 10 March,all,Nem Nem,"Before updates: TrashAfter updates: MehIts trying to become good, and its going the right way."
,Not Recommended,275850,24973699,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,alphatapir,"(Updated) This game was highly anticipated and I was really looking forward to it. I like many ideas and concepts in the game and the general look and feel is gorgeous. The game feels very relaxed and enjoyable. It could be a lot of fun. But.As of today, this is why I would suggest to wait for at least the next two or three patches before buying this game (aka: 3 months or so):* the storyline feels a little ""thin"" and is easy to miss alltogether.* (FIXED!) the game stutters and lags like hell, even with the latest ""No Man's Sky optimzed"" drivers.* the ""radar"" is basically a hoax / dummy and does not help you in any way. It is just a waste of GUI-space.* your ships' scanner looks neat but thats it.* your personal scanner is very picky about what it revaels to you. While it tends to miss ressources you are needing, it keeps pointing out others you already depleted (espec. platinum flowers, for example.) The scanner won't tell you about animals / aliens.* buildings you see don't necessarily get flagged.* (probably fixed) Locations you discover as a tag on screen will be lost on reload, espec. operation centers and factories which really sucks, since you need to invest ressources to discover them.* The chance of not getting the antimatter recipe is stellar and if that happens to you, you are grounded for ages (two real days now in my case).* landing on landingpatches or generally anywhere close to where you intend to land is a matter of pure luck.* many important functions and features of the game are not explained anywhere (are recipes for the multitool consumed? why does one sometimes launch from ground to orbit, sometimes not? etc. etc.)* avoid space/air combat vs small ships. they will outmaneuver you no matter what.* Why aren't there personal notes (saved locally, not uploaded) to a discovery? Like ""Is hostile"" or ""Rich on copper"" or whatever?Due to the fact that you need antimatter to do interstellar travel, getting the recipe for creating antimatter is a cornerstone in the game. Unfortunately it is very very very easy to miss that step. There is no second chance in case of a blunder. Same will possibly be true with other ""story milestones"", which feels like the game was not really thought through. Sadly, this is true for many detials throughout the game.One can actually find the missed recipes, but it takes some serious time and effort. In my case it took more than two days of grinding only factories and operation centers to finally get antimatter. The game itself does not exactly help you there.All this cobined: To some degree No Man's Sky is exactly the game that at the same time I always wanted and never wanted to play. No Man's Sky has a lot of potential and many shortcomings and bugs. It sure is a lot of fun and a lot of frustration.As said above: Wait till the first two patches went into the game before buying.The first patch helped with most of the technical issues (stuttering, lag)."
,Not Recommended,275850,24982304,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,[TWB]Elgonidas,"Not an awful game, but it's worth about 1/3 of what they're asking with the features currently in."
76561197968244741,Recommended,275850,34199801,Posted: 12 August,all,Napalm Sushi,"Most devs whose game faced the reception that No Man's Sky received would have immediately burned their offices, faked their deaths and retreated to a remote monastery.Hello Games did not do this.A year on, the game has absolutely received a year's worth of hard work that has fundamentally changed and improved it, with entire fully-fleshed new systems being added with each major update. Perhaps this is a sign that, yes, it was released far too early, or it should have released into Early Access, and it's not going to change the fact of a 1.0 release that's universally referred to with terms like ""debacle.""But this isn't a review of 1.0; it's a review of 1.3, in which, by the way, you can now build colonies and buy capital ships and employ aliens and drive hoverbikes and oh my god so much more.1.3 is Hello Games' redemption."
,Not Recommended,275850,24938584,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,NGC_6357,"After first few hours, the gameplay begins to be filled with repeated contents. What's the point of making 2^64 planets while only 10 of them are different? Mission types are few and boring. The game cannot be considered finished since lots of stuff in the trailers are not appearing in the actual game at all. The team wanted to create miracle through randomness, but it just didn't work out. I'm ranting because I've waited so long and expected so much. In addition, the PC version has significant performance issues. The game is overpriced too much, think twice before you buy it."
76561198271635804,Not Recommended,275850,25269149,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,artic-,Sean Murray change your company to Goodbye Games
,Not Recommended,275850,29334338,Posted: 18 January,all,jackal187gaming,"UPDATE - 8 / 19 / 2017Tried to play it again on a 3440x1440 Ultrawide and learned that my save (10 or 11 hours) was trashed so I needed to start over and I did just that. NEW BEGINNINGS.About 30 minutes into it I was settling in and actually started to enjoy myself a little.CRASH to desktop (last 30 minutes lost) I didn't start over again.UPDATE - 4 / 4 / 2017I tried the game again today with a single card instead of SLI and ran it at 1440P resolutioninstead of 4K resolution. I maxed every single setting fully with the exception of havingAnti Aliasing turned off completely because it was cutting my framerate in half and doesn'tseem to make any graphical improvements anyway at 1440P. But overall the game lookedgreat. I was getting 80-150 FPS and it ran very good. As for the gameplay, I'm not ready todive back into that yet. A few more updates and I might. I just wanted to let you know thatthe game is definitely running and looking a **** ton better.Well.... I guess I'm finally giving up. I sincerely felt bad for Hello Games the way it all went down. They just got caught up in the marketing hype train and rolled with it I guess. So I just tried the game again on Jan/18/2017 because I played it for 11 hours on release trying to force myself to love it because I too was on the hype train and one of their biggest defenders.My Computer Speci7-4790K @ 4.432 Gigs of High Speed Crucial Ballistix RamSabertooth Mark S Special Edition MotherboardDual EVGA GTX 1080 Superclocked Graphics Cards @ 2050 MHZ EachEVGA 1300 Watt G2 Power Supply3 Samsung 850 EVO SSD Drives with 2 TB's Of StorageA Sony 4K Monitorand the game not only looks like pure mudd butt with every single setting maxed but I get frame rates in the 20's and 30's at 4K.. If I'm running Star Wars Battlefront which looks like a CGI Movie at 120-150 FPS Maxed in 4K, while this game literally has Nintendo 64 textures in many areas, it's now obvious to me that they'll never make it what I thought it was going to be. A million updates won't make it what I thought it was. I yelled at a lot of people while defending this game. I was just a moron defending my own ignorance. HYPE TRAIN !!!This game is terrible2/10  but only because the concept was amazing"
76561198019534699,Not Recommended,275850,29986706,Posted: 17 February,all,Tim Fletch,"$20 early access game at best, the other 40 goes to potential/hope."
76561198067415926,Not Recommended,275850,24925618,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,RegularMixture,"I hate to give this a negitive review, but after 7+ hours of play, I can only feel cheated on paying $60. Its  beautiful in terms  of looks, and the seamless travel from space to planet, however its lacking. Glitches are common, and when grinding towards something only to be setback by a glitch is almost unplayable. Devs/Sony misrepresented what this game is, and sold me scooter instead of a car. Sure you can enjoy the scooter, but not if you paid the car price tag."
76561198139384484,Recommended,275850,34186128,Posted: 12 August,all,Rad,Gets better with every update.
76561198009111079,Not Recommended,275850,24934260,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Jurav,"The game has potential, but still needs alot of work to make it worthwhile.Starting off, you are on a planet with no real backstory as to why you are there, or where you are going.You learn how to collect resources and build the things you need to get your ship working, then you are off to explore.The exploration is definately fun, and the scope of the galaxy and planets are massive beyond compare, but it lacks alot of basic features and content.There is no planetary map to know where things are that you have already explored.There are no character skills, it's all gear/ship oriented.There are no civilizations, no cities, no communities on planets at all, just random little sheds with a single alien, or ancient ruins that speak of great alien races that are now just scattered little random encounters.Space combat is there, but has no basic features of target selecting, or even ship identification.You can craft some items and enhancment for your gear, but there is no ship building, and no ability to create your own buildings or anything.The whole game seems focussed around getting more inventory slots so you can collect more resources, which you really have no use for other than keeping your ship and gear running so you can do some more site seeing.The search for the ultimate space adventure continues. Sadly this isnt it.If you are looking for better space emersion I recommend the following:The X series by EgosoftMass EffectEmpyrion Galactic SurvivalAs much as I enjoy just flying around and exploring, it gets old fast without any goals or reason for being where you are, and the lack of anything really interesting to explore other than just randomly generated planets and creatures.So I cannot recommend this for $60.00."
,Not Recommended,275850,25906639,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Nickernator,"No Man's Sky, one of the worst scams of the 21st centuary.Please nominate this game for the 'Best Scam of the Year"" AwardThis game features 18 quatillion planets, they look the same and have the same glitches, resources and bugged creatures.Aliens that have no meaning, besides having very slow paced conversations, they do nothing.Space battles? They are a lie, the worst spacecraft vs spacecraft system I could have ever imagined.Factions? They give you a minor discount on items, faction vs faction doesn't exist.Survival? A pointless grind, the resource you need to survive is always nearby.Adventure? More like exploration without any dangers.Epic soundtrack? After 2 hours you will disable it and use your own music.Achievements? Never before has earning achievements been annoying, they interrupt your gameplay.Epic ending? It's the same as an empty box, there is nothing.Reasons to buy this game?Want to suffer from glitches, crashes, bugs, are you unable to get bored with very little content, you want to join one of the worst communities, and you want to support a devloper that ignores any feedback and have been silenced for almost 7 weeks?"
,Not Recommended,275850,29865572,Posted: 11 February,all,☭OceanMan☭,"I've been pretty conflicted about this game for awhile, but I'm going to make this short and sweet. I appreciate that the developers are trying to fix this mess, but the damage is already done. Unless they can somehow make this into the game we were promised, which I just don't see happening, I will never be coming back to this game. Even with the foundation update I just didn't see a difference in the game, quiting within ten minutes. And I was right to do so, as a lot of the features in the foundation update are just not enough to make up for the $90 (NZD) I spent on this. I can not be more serious when I say this game has put me off pre ordering any game ever again...I would feel ripped off if I pirated this game.Edit: I have seen some reviews claiming to be impressed with the free content No Man's Sky is adding, and comparing it to other big budget games that charge for extra content. The reason Hello games don't and won't charge for the content they are adding to the game is because they are adding content that we were promised to be released with the full game. It's almost as if Hello Games released a small fraction of the game, and plan to slowly add content to the game until it builds up to the game we were promised. (Including Multiplayer) And hey, if that is the case, I'll be sure to leave this game a positive review in three years time after 3 delays."
,Not Recommended,275850,31913485,Posted: 23 May,all,carmelfb,"I know i have 100H on this, but let me explainNo Man's Lie is a game that had a massive potential and it♥♥♥♥ed it up. so bad....It has plenty of stars thats true, but they are all empty,nothing but a few repetetive tree & plant models, as well as animalsthat after a while you realize their all the same repeated model.Its a farming simulator. You are finding yourself constantly farming for no reason.Plutonium, Carbon, IronPlutonium, Carbon, IronOh i need alluminum as well!Plutonium, Carbon, Iron♥♥♥♥♥♥game. i play it just to pass time.DO NOT BUY. its a flat lifeless & contentless game.im sorry for not waiting untill the reviews came out...."
,Not Recommended,275850,25251429,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,BankableSwine,Terrible. I hate myself for buying it.
76561198002271064,Not Recommended,275850,24980599,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Starfury,"Well I generally don't write reviews, perhaps because I buy very few games and generally play them for ages. This, however, is not one of those games, and quite frankly I feel cheated out of $60.I tried to like this game, and I want to like this game. Unfortunately there is nothing to like about it. The next planet is essentially the same as the last planet with different colors. Absolutely every planet seems to have an atmosphere and the vast majority have life, so much for ""variety"". Most of the animals I have seem are at the very best unremarkable.I can just hope that in the future the game will improve to the point where I don't regret spending $60 on it, but it's not at that point here. It's at best worth $20 and that's probably a stretch as well."
76561198000063406,Not Recommended,275850,25252567,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Silkie,"horrible 'early alpha version' game that definitly not worth 60 euros, maybe 15-20 euros, total ripoff"
,Not Recommended,275850,31781832,Posted: 15 May,all,The Milkman,First two hours are good but then it just becomes the same old♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,275850,24911567,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Ríκudöu Hîκó Sēìjurö,"Overhyped $60 2+GB sized game that just lets you do this:Go to planet, shoot whatever you can, collect same cr...minerals, use those to craft items to fuel your ship/tool, go to planet. RINSE AND REPEAT.I know I got the game at full price, but we all make mistakes. For those who haven't purchased this junk, I suggest you spend that cash on something else. This is a game that will go on sale for less than 20 in 3rd party websites pretty soon no doubt. Get it then.Now the game does have some good aspects, but the bad overcome the good by a large margin.Good:+ Lots of planets to explore+ Lots of farming (if you are into it)+ Upgrade tools or buy/trade new ships+ Procedurally generated ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ looking animals+ Trading system of some sortBAD:- Lots of ""I've seen this type of planet for the 100th time already"" planets to explore- Boring planets that are void of intelligent alien life forms- Interaction with few aliens found are boring and very short- Trade system is weak in its overall setup (be it trade of ships or items)- No story- Star map has poor navigation system that does not show where you came from, where you are going, what system it falls under and so on and so forth. A good example of such can be found, for comparison, in Elite Dangerous.- Space combat is boring and beyond arcady. Atmospheric flight is not full of freedom as the AI ""holds your hand"" in specific maneuvers- The entire universe feels dead compared to other space sim/rpg games out there. I thought Elite Dangerous was boring, but I changed my mind after playing this.The list can go on. You are welcome to check youtube or steam for detailed reviews.The game could've been better but considering the contents it delivers, it is no where near a $60 AAA game. At best it is a generic one and fails to do what previous many games already did better.Last time I spent $60 for a game and felt buyer's remorse was ID's Rage. This game feels worse than that. Just save your cash. You will not feel sorry for not being able to play this junk.4/10"
,Not Recommended,275850,28138821,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Sergeant Toast,"At release this was a very good basis for a game, it had some content, a good premise, a unique gimic, and great graphics, but as for actual playability the game was somewhat empty, the only goal was to try to make it to the centre of the galaxy with very little reason to do so.In my opinion what the game needed to round it out into an amazing gaming experience was plentiful, but did not include removing or redoing what was already there, essentially, all they needed to do was realise they had made an incomplete product and then finish it, as for finishing it, I would say the key features they needed to add were the following:Game Mechanics:1) Some sort of base-building ability2) The ability to purchase capital ships and modify them in the same way you do your smaller craft3) A far more advanced stellar mapping system that allows you to see the galaxy as a whole and plot your own courses, allowing meet-ups with friends (though this may still take weeks to reach an agreed destination) and for you to keep track of visited worlds4) Some sort of faction system allowing bases to be shared between other faction members and allowing you to recruit NPCs, maybe even claim territory which can be taken by other players and vice versaFixes:1) A few fixes to stop exploits which allow infinite crashed ship spawns on 1 planet2) True Multiplayer (the fact that you could never actually interract with another player in the same map was disappointing3) More difficult survivalThe fact that they have released a new update is encouraging especially since they have intrudocued several of the features that I stated above would complete the game, namely more difficult survival, base building and capital ship purchasing, thats actually almost half the list checked off.The main problem with this game though is that a game can either focus on giving the player something complicated to do or letting multiple players make something to do for themselves, but this game seemed to try to do both without actually giving a multiplayer.I think that if they continue to develop the game and listen to the more constructive criticism without completely compromising the game's original concept, this could still turn into a real winner of a game, however, they have some serious credit to win back with the playerbase, so its an uphill battle for them, I just hope they can make it, because before I ran out of things to do (which admittedly took way too little time) this game was actually quite fun.For now I dont recommend this game, however I do recommend you keep an eye on it because there is a chance, however small, that this game could still turn out to be a real winner in the future."
76561198067853149,Not Recommended,275850,24845666,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,thelordvalor,"Crashes on open every time. gg*For the complainers, for $60 I expect a game that works*"
76561197995247582,Not Recommended,275850,24967214,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Dynoknight,"Dissapointed, to say the least. Performance issues really make it hard to get in to the game. After giving the game a little time, I decided to request a refund. Perhaps I'll pick it up again in the future, but what we have now is not worth $60."
76561198354851254,Not Recommended,275850,31611455,Posted: 7 May,all,MemeBean84,"6/10. To be completely honest, I enjoyed this game, I really did...for the first five hours. When you first start playing, everything is so fresh and exciting, like buying a freighter or discovering a new planet.After a while it all gets incredibly repetetive and flying around space feels more like a chore than a game. Once landing on a planet, you have to spend three hours mindlessly shooting rocks and looking for plutonium just to leave so you can repeat the process on a different planet.Overall, it's a fun time-waster, but not a game to get invested in."
76561198113023718,Not Recommended,275850,31305488,Posted: 22 April,all,Jay-Slingz,The most dissapointing game I've ever purchased in 25 years of gaming.I really hope they pull it around and prove people wrong. There is ALWAYS hope...
,Not Recommended,275850,29636327,Posted: 1 February,all,BBelleGames,I wish I could get my money back....Honestly that was $60 down the drain :(
,Not Recommended,275850,24969011,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,AJ,Sean Murray is a liar
,Not Recommended,275850,24967199,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Malichos,"In a sentence: Procedurally generated hype simulator..BUYERS BEWARE! NOT WORTH $60 AAA price. Even if you LOVE space exploration, you will burn out FAST.I have a current love/hate relationship with this game, mainly because a lot of what was said to be included in this $60 title did not deliver on launch. I do love space games, and exploring the universe of No Mans Sky can be fun (at first) .. However, that alone is not nearly enough to deserve a positive review at this time unless changes come to deliver what was promised.I've put in a fair amount of time, hoping for more change the futher I explore. However they say the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over expecting a different result, so I guess I'm going insane.The game is NOT worth $60, at best I'd say $35-40 in it's current state.. Honestly, the irony is if this was billed as another early access for say $25 and the dev team asked for feedback it would be well worth buying.. The game offers very repetitive gameplay mechanics no matter where you go in the quintillions of planets across the galaxy and the lack of anything else is what makes this so depressing right now due to the price of expectations vs the reality.Aliens don't move around, everything is predictable from how stations will look, what aliens will do and how sentinels behave. Even with the generation of planets and lifeforms it still just feels like you're dealing with the same thing because of how it's delivered.For example, every planet has a set of different outposts all of them generally do the same thing and look the same, with the same set of things you can do inside. Interacting with aliens has no immersion, the only NPC's moving around are the pilots coming and going from planets and stations. Even the huge ships that warp in just stand by idle in asteroids either doing nothing or fighting pirates.Flight is very lackluster, the fact you can't even look around in the cockpit or nose down toward the surface when traveling makes piloting very wonky at times. Even though it's not on rails, it sometimes feels like it is due to the restrictions..The list goes on and on, but for a detailed version of what's in game vs what was promised and/or missing check out this thread to pretty much sum it all up.https://www.reddit.com/r/NoMansSkyTheGame/comments/4y046e/wheres_the_nms_we_were_sold_on_heres_a_big_list/"
76561198015721385,Not Recommended,275850,24990182,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,ZeusGR,"The game is a big lie, everything that is there shown or said wrong, it freez the game mechanics is not working as it should, flying is almost impossible,lands where it wants not even on a landing spot warks right. The first time that I'm refound and everyone who wants to buy the game finger off, it is not worth 60€. Even the pics and the videos here on steam are not what you get in the game.Hello Games should be ashamed"
,Not Recommended,275850,26349801,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Commando Cat,At least it uninstalled itself.
,Not Recommended,275850,25074296,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Woody Bobo,"G*ddamn, where to begin? First I should say I initially gave this game a positive review. I was just gonna edit that review and add below the reasons for me changing it but f*ck it. Deleted it. This has to be one of the biggest disappointments I've ever experienced. Not going to get into too much detail because honestly it's been covered to hell and back.The game for me, started out fun, even with the empty promises I still found myself enjoying my time in the game. I tried to convince myself that I was still enjoying it 20, 30, 40 hours later. And at times I was, in small doses. The drive I guess was to keep seeing more planets but honestly, its all gone now. I cant do this sh*t anymore. Its the same thing over and over again. Literally, everything. Same buildings, same npc aliens. UI is terrible. That on top of every g*ddamn misleading videos/articles from HG leading up to release. Its just shady♥♥♥♥♥business. I'm ashamed of myself for supporting this garbage. $60 for a misleading, half♥♥♥♥♥alpha that was suppose to be complete.And getting to the f*cking center. Dont even get me started. This game aint nothing but a slap in the face from HG. Sh*t really just pisses me off the more I think about it, all the videos and interviews I've been following for years now. Had HG been up front, released the game for $20-30 and in EA (earlly access) everything would be different here, but since they sold their souls to Sony, and sony doesnt allow EA games, that didnt happen. One day maybe we'll see the full version but as of right now, f*ck this game."
76561197975224754,Not Recommended,275850,24846686,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Cakefist,"Runs between 8-40 fps, if it doesn't crash on start up. I'll leave this for a while and come back in a few months."
76561198044205438,Not Recommended,275850,24903295,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Nithydux,"This game in a shellnut: Triple A price with a pre-alpha amount of content. (Not even sure this is accurate, I've played alpha games that go deeper and have more content than this one.)Really enjoyed the first few hours, but you run out of new things and new game mechanics within that time.Update: Being unable to refund, I've been playing the game a little here and there. Gotten to the point where it just closes out completely without warning during gameplay.I guess I can expect a bugfix patch to be a paid DLC in the future."
,Not Recommended,275850,24850442,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Königstiger,"Sort of hard to tell if the game is worth the hype when the performance is this bad. I have a respectable rig and I suppose the game is ""playable"" in the strictest sense of the word but the frame rate is all over the place and it has random stuttering that I can't account for. I would say save your money."
,Not Recommended,275850,25024607,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Yaoi HARDER,"Like everyone else, I was really looking forward to this game. It charmed for a couple hours but every single task becomes a chore and you find little reason to bother moving on and exploring because 80% of the planets are sterile rocks with acid rain. All the creatures start to look the same and you even begin to recognize geological templates. I played for over 20 hours, maxed my ship inventory, and then asked myself ""WHY?"" a bunch of times.The biggest problem?: They are charging AAA prices for a ""Concept"" of a game.If you like doing chores with little payoff, play this game."
,Not Recommended,275850,25004353,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Cesar The Salad,"So let's say one day someone said to you, ""Real soon, I'm gonna bring you a box with the 10 most delicious ice cream flavors you'll ever eat in your LIFE!""You would, of course reply, ""Awesome! I love ice cream! I'm looking forward to that.""So when you ask about the ice cream box, this person gets really excited, and tells you about all the different flavors and all the delicious toppings they come with, and he even shows you pictures and videos, and he assures you that all those great things will come in that one box, and he gives you a reasonable price for it.Of course, you would say, ""Sweet! I'm getting all of that for that price? Of course I'm getting it.""So the day finally comes when you'll get your box. You pay the man, and he opens the box. Inside, you find a single bowl of your favorite flavor of ice cream. You go ahead and try it, and it's absolutely deliciouS.So you say, ""Well, this is some darn delicious ice cream, it's got a decent topping and all. It may be the most delicious ice cream I've had in a long time. But.... what about the rest of the flavors you promised?""And the guy says, ""I'm glad you like the ice cream! We worked very hard to make this ice cream, and we love that you enjoy eating it! As for the other flavors, those MAY come down the line later. Maybe. Well, goodbye!"" And with that he leaves.So after finishing the ice cream, you finally realize what happened.The question is not whether the ice cream is good or not. Cause it's some darn good ice cream. So good in fact, that you'd recommend it to other people, it was so delicious. The question is, where's the rest of the ice cream the guy promised you and that you paid for?Will he ever come back to give you what's missing? Will he charge you more for getting it? Were the other flavors even real?You don't know. You just don't know.So...... would YOU recommend someone to get the box of ice cream you got.... or not?"
,Not Recommended,275850,24846039,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Pixelbuster,"One of the worst PC ports ever, I swear it stutters way too much and just runs like crap on almost any system.Avoid like the plague until it gets fixedEdit: Was able to get the preformance fixed, just had to disable V-sync but I won't change my review until most of the issues have been resolved because right now the port is a mess.EDIT 2: After spending about 10 hours I can say that it's an OK game aside from the issues with the port which will hopefully be resolved. My biggest problem is that it's very repetitive and usually I only play about 1-2 hour sessions. Also since there's no multiplayer so I can't reccommend this at $60 but once the price drops down to around $20-$40 then go for it. By then the issues should be fixed.EDIT 3: Guess I was wrong, looks like this may not be fixed. I wasted 30 hours on this game. Just do yourself a favor and don't even bother waiting for a price drop.In short........................./´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\...Screw this game"
,Not Recommended,275850,28541652,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Sinister Pink,Good concept but it's missing a lot of features that were promised pre-release so gameplay gets repetative pretty quickly. The recent patch is a step in the right direction but this game needs a lot more patches / features to bring me back. Not including multiplayer was a mistake.
,Not Recommended,275850,25114880,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,JimmyVape,"Pros:Seamless planetary to space transitions. The abilty to fly your ship off world and land on another world, the ability to visit millions of galaxies.You have a weapon and a ship you can add upgrades to said weapons and ships.You can feed animals and mine resources.You can Rename planets, lifeforms and Fauna.Cons:Missing 90% of the game shown in the trailers.Missing 90% of what was offered in the developer interviews.The only difference between each Multi-tool and Star-ship is the amount of space for storage and the skin. There are no benefits or performance variation besides storage space.Final:The game is not a $60 game. The studio is small and they have raked in the cash without delivering the product that was advertised. If there was a way to sue for false advertising, this would be a great game to start with as it is so abundant with false claims. This is a $5.99 game. I have seen deeper game play on my daughter's leap pad."
,Not Recommended,275850,24923210,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,rizefall,"If you just want a game where you fly around in space, collect things to get better things and with no real goal then this is for you.At it's current price, lack of features and real content i can't recommend this game. While i myself do enjoy to just fly around and explore everything, many others wont. For me this is a type of game to enjoy mostly because i love space, game looks great (but runs like crap) and it's a great timesink that for me does not get boring. But as an oldtime gamer i can see and understand peoples frustrations with it and the lack of things to do is the biggest problem. While exploring is fun it's going to test your patience when you explore pretty much the same planets, scan the same trees and wildlife and visit the same space-station to walk into the same room to sell your junk.Overall it's an overpriced early access game that should not cost 60 Euro. I myself enjoy it quite a lot but it's going to be a hard sell to the public.If you like the idea of a randomly generated universe where you travel around in your ship, collect resources, scan everything into your ""Pokedex"" and just trying to get the best things and reach the middle of it all then go right on ahead. I'd say wait for a price-drop/content patch before you do though."
,Recommended,275850,34173964,Posted: 11 August,all,Tasty,"Played 40+ hours on ps4 at launch and quit.  Update 1.3 took a massive step towards what this game should be.  Multiplayer, improved environments, graphical overhaul, 30+ hours of story, and the list goes on and on.  It's actually a lot of fun now."
76561198078961825,Not Recommended,275850,24845914,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,SlowMax,"Game is nothing but crashing. £39.99 for a game thats been in development since 2008, delayed multiple times and it still does not work, I want a refund"
76561198260443998,Not Recommended,275850,24846688,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Stavross,"Note: Game runs even worse after patch, great job on that 'optimising' patch hello games.Pc Specs i7-5820k @ 5ghz (I have tried lowering clock to 4.2ghz @1.2v to help with stability but it made no difference) and 2x gtx 980ti in sli config.After messing with settings and using the g-sync fix the game still runs terribly at high settings with no AA, V-sync disabled and frame rate cap at max at a res of 2560x1600.The frame rate consistently gets to a point where the game is unplayable and 'average' frame rates are still way to low for a game that looks like a turd running on my specs.It's a fun game and I still haven't done much but my opinions of it so far after 7hrs are:Cons-Performance, for a game that looks like a turd smeared across my screen it runs worse than my dead grandmother and yet still requires more expensive hardware than her to keep running at a pace that doesn't give me epilepsy-Flying feels like you're riding a whale both in atmospehere and to a lesser degree in space with little to no control of the craft near planets as the game practically flies it for you-Weird issue with flying through space stations and planets-Game crashed to desktop when re-filling shields-Alt tabbing back into the game doesn't work.-Every now and the the fps drops to 9fps and only restarting the game fixes it-Once you've played 7hrs you've seen all the game has to offer-Costs the same as a AAA game-No multiplay (that I can see)-No variety in planets and space stations-Destroying structures in game leaves floating shards with shapes that look very glitchy and probably only have a polygon count of  <6 and have really weird streched textures-It's a tech demo that costs the same as a AAA releasePros:-Fly in space?My advice: Don't buy(Answering Gtwy I get average 130fps and min 90fps in witcher 3 @ 2560x1600 at high settings with AA off, on a pirated copy) You guys are salty, I always pirate games before I buy them to make sure I like them before I waste money on the game, always have always will."
,Not Recommended,275850,32324118,Posted: 10 June,all,TitanReece,"Pre-Ordered the game because the trailers looked nice and interesting as there wasnt a game like it.Yeah well that wasnt the outcome... instead of mythical creatures, dinosaurs and other animals from the trailer. They decided to add walking Chicken Nuggets instead.The Planets serve the exact same purpose and that is to gain the same materials apart from one of two that spawn on a different planet, Plus they just change the colour of the floor.Very poorly made. But COULD HAVE been a good game. Whether it is improved in the future who knows but hasnt been an update since 27th march (2017). So The Dev has most likely given up because he got what he wanted: Money."
76561198167399860,Not Recommended,275850,25070674,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,MARIUS,"Boring, buggy, shallow, insanely repetitive, falsely advertised, pointless waste of time since there is nothing in the Center of the Galaxy. Failed to get a refund on this game but I might save you $60."
,Not Recommended,275850,24846048,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,ShortEnglishman,"At the current state, it's not optimize at all for anyone.Hold off till a patch..."
,Not Recommended,275850,28861187,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Ugundanpuddyslaya,"People give this game waaaaaay too much flak. Probably just to seem cool and go with the popular opinion. In reality the game is far from the worst. And if you consider the technology required for this game to work as well as the fact it was made by a small indie studio is pretty darn cool. That being said, the issue with this game is the price which is hard to justify. If it were around $10-20 maybe it's be better off but at its full $60 price tag it's not worth the content provided. The devs are working on patches and seem to be keen to fix this issue.0I'm afraid most of these issues are the fault of the community (the uproar over the original delay sent the team a very clear message not to delay it again so they didn't have time to finish development, also Sony's marketing was terrible). The hype pretty much killed this game as well, people were expecting something perfect and I kind of feel sorry for the devs being actually BULLIED over the game by kids who don't understand how making games works.tl;dr - Price is too much. People need to stop being mean over the game though."
,Not Recommended,275850,24859966,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Hammith,"Currently runs terribly and graphics look pretty grainy on high. Not like 'gritty', but as if they were added through a random noise filter on Photoshop. Then there's the added issue of it crashing my graphics card drvier on closing or alt-tabbing, requiring a full computer reboot to be able to do anything at all.Controls within the game are also horribly strange, with holding down buttons for a few seconds being required for anything from launching your ship to crafting and picking up things. Looking around while in your starting ship also feels like you're swiming through syrup."
,Not Recommended,275850,24846697,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Ghoul,"Runs like absolute garbage. I way surpass the minimum requirements, and get something like 10 fps. Worse than Arkham Knight on launch. Don't waste your money.Edit: rofl misspelled waste"
76561198072840279,Not Recommended,275850,24850420,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,123,"Updated review:Had a problem with my processor and its compatibility causing the game to crash on start up, they have since fixed this issue and the game is now playable.However.The game feels like an early access game in terms of content. It seems the only thing to do is mindlessly drift towards the center of the galaxy and it gets boring really fast, there is minimal ""side quests"" and events and the npcs in the game feel like theyre nailed in place, they dont move from the post they are found in and it kind of ruins the interaction. Planets are also really barren other than the same variations of buildings ( or settlements?) showing up over and over, there is no sign of civilization past or present and there isnt a lot of stuff to do other than collect resources.The game looks amazing but the only thing holding it back is a serious lack of content.Tldr: needs more contentUPDATE 3/10/2017They added a bit more content to the game (basebuilding, freighters,some cool land vehicles) game is still missing more than half of the promised content from prerelease hype.still needs more content."
,Not Recommended,275850,24845900,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Eric,"I'm disappointed the textures looks terrible, I have fps drops on a GTX 1080, the game looks garbage.I expected more on the PC version but it looks just as bad on the PC as it is on the PS4.What game forces you to restart if you change the monitor to borderless?!? this is 2016 ..I was really hoping that this game would be good but it isn't.. I do not recommend buying this game."
,Not Recommended,275850,24846055,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,✪ Eater_of_@$$,From a Delayed launch to a crappy pc port this game is not worth the time or the money
76561198050529553,Not Recommended,275850,25077175,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,RupertBanano,Huge scam. Angry Joe's review and reddit post about missing features pretty much sums it up.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTTPlqK8AnYhttps://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/4y1h9i/wheres_the_no_mans_sky_we_were_sold_on_a_big_list/Not recommened.
,Not Recommended,275850,25365523,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Alien,100% a scam. Do not buy.
,Recommended,275850,30402455,Posted: 8 March,all,Sixx,"Atlas Rises 1.3 update:They did it...they finally did it... they fixed the ♥♥♥♥ing game! This is a huge overhaul to the game, which adds almost everything they promised from the get-go. The game is a lot more polished (better gfx, better optimization), has a lot more story, economy, trading, combat, exploring.  This is very close to the game that we all wanted, and as the trailer says ""Much more will come"". NMS now reminds me of an arcady version of Elite Dangerous, which is awesome.  If you haven't gotten the game yet, or have refunded it a year ago... I recommend getting it now!Also, despite the horrible launch and the terrible PR last year, I have to tip my cap to the devs for sticking with this and making it a mission to deliver the game they promised. Nine times out of ten, the devs would've just taken the money and ran, but HG are keeping their promise... After seeing this update, it seems like it was Sony's fault all along for not letting HG finish the game..Pathfinder 1.2 update:You know if the reviews went from ""Overwhelmingly Negative"" to ""Mostly Negative"" for this game, you know Hello Games are doing something right!Nah in all seriousness, if they keep making these updates and listening to the community, they will definitely turn this around!  Little by little they are winning back the people who have pre-ordered the game.I will update this ""review"" after every update."
,Not Recommended,275850,24990175,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,BL,"Do Not Buy This Game.The developers took the most boring repetitive and tedious parts of flight simulators, resource management, crafting and exploring and combined it into one horrifying whole.Boring flight simulator part:  The controls are dull and don't allow stunt flying or exciting maneuvers.  I do more high speed maneuvering on a motorcycle in GTA 5.  Everything in NMS is life-size.  Planets are as big as real planets, and it takes just as long to get anywhere.  There is only 1 point and click and thats when you warp from star system to star system.  Everything else, like going to from a planet to a moon, has to be done in boring flight simulator mode.  The space engine has different speeds, but you still end up waiting 10 minutes with your fingers on the acceleration key.  No autopilot, so you can't even read a book or surf the web while you're waiting for it to be over.  This flight simulator mode and running around on planets is what you spend the great majority of your time doing.Boring resource management:  You need resources for everything, but these barren planets don't give you what you need and your ship has the cargo capacity of a little red wagon.  You need to refuel your spacesuit, laser-mining-multitool gun, and life support every few minutes.  It's a tedious chore.  The tiny cargo capacity, big enough for a pepsi and a pack of cigs, doesn't let you stock up on vital resources.Crafting:  Another tedious chore to support the boring resource management.Environments:  Buildings have almost identical interiors.  Aliens are humans with different heads.  The procedurally generated animals were a novelty at first, but that quickly wore off.  Barren planet after barren planet, while I run out of resources to craft the components I need to build the supplies I need just to get the heck out of wherever I am.  Oh, and did I mention the security robots which mysteriously inhabit these planets are on me like white on rice whenever I shoot and/or harvest something?  The environmental hazards are all exactly the same and they are dealt with by refueling your spacesuit every minute or two.  Toxins, radiation, heat, cold, all exactly the same, and there's ALWAYS a storm which makes you refuel your suit every 30 seconds instead of every minute.Exploring is boring.  Your character is the most out of shape astronaut in the history of space travel and can only run a short distance.  So you trudge and trudge, or you hop your spaceship everywhere.  Soon you're not exploring and discovering at all just hopping from one point of identical interest to another, dealing with the security robots and running out of resources.Your Character:  You don't get to make your character, or even NAME your character.  It's all first person and in my spaceship I can't turn my head.  It's hard to see and be aware of what's going on.Anyway.NMS does what it says it does.Everything is procedurally generated, and 80% similar.There are animals and environments.There are zillions of stars and planets that you can go to.You can discover things and name them.There are plenty of barren wastelands to explore while refueling your suit and searching for resources.There are space battles, sort of.Tragically, all of these things are extremely tedious.  Not one of them is more than a novelty for the first few times.I was so excited for this game.  I love exploring, I like space games... I had such high hopes for this game.I'm utterly disappointed."
76561197970680944,Not Recommended,275850,32302485,Posted: 9 June,all,Dark_Friend,"Still $60? So boring, yet so beautiful. The idea for the game is amazing. The execution blows chunks. Worth $9 at most as it is right now. The silly comical aliens are cringe-worthy."
76561198174944843,Not Recommended,275850,24846690,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,STFU,"open game wow nice titlecuts to white screenconfusion ""what now""crashreopen gamenice title againwhite againcrashrepeat lots to be able to write reviewps will change if this game is ever fixed"
76561198095908271,Not Recommended,275850,31299123,Posted: 22 April,all,Attman,"If you are looking for a fun space explorer, then this game isn't for you. It is very fun, exploration-y, and new for the first 6 hours. But after that, it gets very repetitive. Basically, the whole game is, ""Okay, I need to harvest this mineral to create this device to create this device to create this device to create this device to create an upgrade for my ship that barely affects it, nevermind that it took me about 3-4 hours to get all of the needed materials to make it."" Also, how do you refund games again?"
,Not Recommended,275850,25170493,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,CiP.TK,This is the worst case of false advertising in a game I have ever encountered.I cannot reccommend more strongly that you do not purchase this game. It is absolutely nothing like the trailer or screenshots shown.
,Not Recommended,275850,24874606,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Jaden,"10 hours in.First hour was the same as hour 2-9-  All you do is collect the resources till you can buy/make enough fuel to warp to the next solar system, and repeat.Exploring around the planets is fun and all, but around hour 9 I ended up finding enough blueprints that I could craft the fuel to warp using basic materials I could either buy from the galactic trade, which is floating around every solar system- Or if I wanted to be cheap I could simply mine asteroids for a few minutes then craft the fuel.At that point I saw no reason to ever set foot on a planet, so it just became- Warp to solar system, make fuel, warp to solar system, etc..That's about the point I went ahead and applied for a refund.The game is a really nice work of art, its really well coded, it didn't crash once, and for the most part ran at 25-30 FPS, so playable at min settings.. But as a game, doing the same thing over and over, making slight improvements to fairly useless ship/inventory/guns, like, why?There is no carrot here, no reward, just keep going to the middle of the map, and about the whole ""quintillions of planets"", the game has an optimal path for you to follow, and I can't see any reason I'd ever leave the path, and considering I'm only one person, I can't see what real difference it would make if everyone was on the same exact path, with people never meant to be able to ever cross paths, why not just make it purely single player, with everyone doing the exact same path, like in theory we wouldn't even tell the difference unless we watched someone elses gameplay- Without a multiplayer the only point of a different planet layout is replayability, and I can't see any reason I'd ever reset this game after putting in the effort of leveling it up etc, like there is no real different paths, its all about making cash and upgrades.Maybe in a few years after they add some actual gameplay and not just eye candy it could be awesome, but by then something else pretty would come along, lets be real.I'd reccomend watching someone stream that already has made it to the middle of the first galaxy AT LEAST, so you have some idea of how repetitive/samey/pointless the gameplay is, and if you really think that's enough to keep your attention, buy it."
,Not Recommended,275850,24845932,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,JubJub #Netneutrality,ignore the recommended specs i guess recommended ment 10fps on lowest settings i blew the recommend specs out of the water and this gane runs like cancer the menu only get 10fps  and the game run on  lowest setting gets a max 15fps on an i5 that can run arma 3 on ultra settings 40fps cant belive all the wait for a game i cant play... $60 boysEDIT: it seems the devs are listening hopefully within a few days it will be fixed if so review will change if not hopefully the refund botton works
,Not Recommended,275850,24850411,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,forbiddenfortune,"A great idea with bad execution.Very clumsy and clunky gameplay, that ultimately devolves into grinding materials.If you want a better space fighter sim, there's plenty out there. (Elite: Dangerous comes to mind.)If you want planet exploration and development, there's Starbound.I could justify buying this at $30, but it's too overpriced for what it is at $60. As of this review I am refunding, and will take another look at it after the game has had time to mature.It's basically an Early Access game without the label.This is my opinion, and your mileage may vary."
,Not Recommended,275850,28947491,Posted: 2 January,all,Fake Soul Butter,I feel so guilty for contributing to this being a platinum game...
,Not Recommended,275850,24850421,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Neves_Meid,"I literally opened and let the game crash about 100 times so I could get the five minutes ""play time"" required to write this review.Like many thousands of other customers who bought this game, it immediately crashes at the opening splash screen. And like many thousands of other users, my PC is far above min specs, has all of the correct drivers and packages installed, and it seems the developer is blaming the customers for this incredibly botched launch. Worst launch I have ever experienced. Worse than Sim City 5 and Diablo 3, and those were apocalyptically bad. HELLO GAMES should change its name to GOODBYE GAMES.Let the buyer beware."
,Not Recommended,275850,25070156,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Sunduck,Repetetive grindfest.
,Not Recommended,275850,24988050,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,naterough,"Well, I gave the game an honest go, and there for a few hours it was interesting, and maybe a bit enthralling, but then it quickly faded into a grind that I had hoped to avoid. Not to say that the game is bad, I do see a ton of potential in this platform for a super-expansive world to play in, but this game and grind felt flat after a while.Here was my experience:It took me a while to get the first 3-4 atlas stones, but after that I was power warping from getting my 4th all the way through my 10th... Fine whatever the grind was getting old as it was. Ok, what now? I am going to head to the center of the galaxy. Cool! Blackhole! I am 179,000 lightyears away, let us do this... Game: You've traveled 54,000 light years! I look at the distance left and I am 177,000 lightyears away from the center still... Ugghh, ok, I find another blackhole along the path.... Booom 100,000 + lightyears traveled... You guessed it... only a few thousand closer. I think I made it to about 173,000k after 3 or 4 black hole visits. Not to mention somethingbreaks"" when you go through the holes, forcing you to land and gring and grind and grind until you get bored of that planet, head out, get attacked by space pirates, kill all of them, fix your warp drive upgrade just to do it all over again, and again, and again and again............."
76561198066185874,Not Recommended,275850,24950308,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Inpachi,It's clearly not worth 60€.
,Not Recommended,275850,24857130,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Miporin,"Overall Score: [ ★★☆☆☆ ]Despite the charming, yet relaxing GAMEPLAY that I fall in love with. The current PERFORMANCE is less than desireable with too many stutters, and drops. As a result, No Man's Sky turns into annoying game, than the relaxing one.edit:Let's say I got 60 fps while staring at my ship, in-the-face close, when I turn/move to the stone next to my ship, it drops to around 20, and it happens at random (sometimes is fine), which doesn't make sense at all.The stutter is annoying for a supposed to be relaxing game. It is there no matter the setting I use (already try messing around settings, but it is still there). I am on i5 4690k/ram 8gb/gtx 970, an average PC, but should be more than enough to handle this.Do not misunderstanding my RED, I really do recommended No Man's Sky for its GAMEPLAY. If you happen to have no stutters, drops then it is good for you. It is currently known that some monster PC owners are having the same problem.I will definitely try NMS again later after patches/fixes, and will change my opinion accordingly. This is a refunded for now.NOTES: set FPS limit to MAX helps smoothing, then limit it with vsync seems to help improving the stutters / drops problems."
,Not Recommended,275850,25186667,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Hellfire,"A fair portion of the game is missing, based on what was provably claimed to be the feature set. There is no indication whatsoever that this was anything but intentional. The complete lack of contrition or any resemblance of empathy for the huge portion of people who feel cheated is staggering.The core gameplay loop doesn't change through the entirety of the game after the starter planet. Play for an hour, explore the place and you've literally seen 100% of what the game has to offer. The only differences are palette-swapped planets populated by random abominations.Ship anything is a steaming garbage fire. Even with a mod that improves planetary flight it's still absolutely terrible. The space combat doesn't even rate as a bad joke. I wasn't expecting Elite Dangerous or anything, but this is honestly just sad.Inventory management is just ridiculous. If there was more than five minutes spent on the entire inventory/upgrade system I would be both surprised and astonished. It's the kind of shallow, simplistic annoyance you find in a mobi or web game. Not a $60 ""AAA"" title.Not for nothing, but if you talk about features on the Tonight Show, you probably should at least pretend to have them in the game.Edit: There is no special Steam refund circumstances. If you were dumb enough to put more than two hours in under the false assumption that it gets better, you're out $60. Lesson learned -- never pre-order!If HelloGames hasn't completely abandoned the game as a hype-train cash-grab it might be worth trying again in a year. Until then, run away. Run far, far away."
,Not Recommended,275850,28256208,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,HaydenC53,"My original review was really negative. They have recently made some valid attempts to improve the game, and to listen to us as players. They are really trying to make up for the original release, and I can appreciate that. I still can't recommend the game, but if it keeps going in this direction, I hopeflly can one day change that. Keep up the good work, developers! Currently at 5/10, up from 0/10, for the willingness to listen :)On a side note, one thing I would like to see in the future is the potential for a server based multiplayer, akin to what Don't Starve Together has, in that you can host your own server and have friends explore with you. A suggestion for this is to make ships that have more than one seat, even if it's just a passenger or even a gunner seat. I haven't tried out the freighters yet, and I'm excited to see what they are all about."
,Not Recommended,275850,25075634,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,argoe,I am not angry i am just sad
,Not Recommended,275850,24881499,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Pyrris,"TL;DR last paragraphFor a second lets forget about the:Awful optimisationGame straight up not working on some computersThe developers lyingIf you want to more about these issues be sure to take a look at other reviews and look online, there will be plenty of people complaining about it (and rightfully so).This review will be reviewing the actual gameplay and what you will be getting when you buy this game if it works.No Man's Sky is a pretty controversial game gameplay wise, mainly because it fits a niche group of players (which I would consider myself among that group). On one end of the spectrum you see people saying the game gets boring after two hours, and on the other you see people praising it for it's endless entertainment, why is that?Well the fun from NMS comes from the exploration more than the gameplay itself. If your looking for strategic and engaging combat this game isn't for you, on foot the combat is more of a level test than actual combat, Space combat on the other hand is a bit different, it sometimes it feels like a dog fight, others it feels like seal clubbing. Also this might just be me used to the Elite Dangerous piloting controls but I feel like the lack of vertical thrusters contributes to the lack of depth in space combat.Exploration and adventure is were this game truly shines. Structures and interesting becons to explore are rather dense on the planets which gives plenty to explore, not only that but there are randomly generated caves you can find on some planets which are rich with resources and materials. Each planet is unique in it's own way either with different colour grass, sky, water, different creatures and unique terrain generation.Now everything you just read probably makes the game sound pretty bad, but I'm having a absolute blast playing this game currently, finding a planet that no-one else has ever come across, naming the flora and fauna and claming the planet as my own feels great. I feel like future columbus except I only come across Phallic looking creatures and name them some variation of Bigdik because I'm a mature adult.All that being said I honestly don't think I can reccommend this game, I've heard the phrase ""Vast as an ocean, shallow as a puddle"" applied here but that does not feel right to me. That still being said I dont think there is enough exploration content to justify the 60$ price tag. This should have never been released as a AAA game, I wish they went the Elite: Dangerous route and slowly update the game as they go on, or add official modding support so people can do it themselves."
76561198057892748,Not Recommended,275850,26351379,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,melectrian,Do not buy! I repeat. Do not buy!
,Not Recommended,275850,24845989,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,gicii,Game does not run more than 20-30 fps on all low settings upon starting game. Changing mouse sensitivity is unresponsive. I cannot commit to a $60 game that may not become optimized. I'll come back if I hear things change and adjust my review.
76561198185191922,Not Recommended,275850,25211567,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Ailingduck,Game is a huge lie
,Not Recommended,275850,24846049,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,I'mLukeI'mFiveAndMyDadsBruceLee,Crashes on startup after the No Man's Sky screen.
,Not Recommended,275850,24850419,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Blessed Blade of the Windseeker,Procedural generated Disappointment
,Not Recommended,275850,25051502,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Tiger,"OMG on the Pc where I can play Doom(2016) on ultra above 90fps basically 99% of the time I had max 35fps while playing this cr@p and its often dropped below 15!!! Tried EVERY settings from low to high, with crossfire off and on. Could'nt get it above 40fps.I'm sorry but this is pure garbage. Even batman arkham knight ran better on my pc at launch. And the graphics are uncomparable.I could live with it if the price would be below 30E. But they ask for 60?!?!I'm not going to mention the boredome which this game represents. Many people claim its get repetitive after few hours. I got bored within 30 minutes.And its not the hype. This is Early access material at best. With lacking features and optimization. Unfortunately they claim it to be a 100% fully developed game.This was the fastest refund ever. I never even hesitated.Short: Avoid!!! Unless you don't know what to do with your money. But instead of buying this piece of &)($&)(&_""$_£)*(""&%)(&%£""!!!!! buy a sandwich for a homeless person.p.s. my english is cr@p, I know. Don't need to comment about it."
,Not Recommended,275850,24921193,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,RuoskaNZ,"This is a fantastic concept and I applaud Hello Games for taking a risk here.The game in its current state feels like it should be a beta.The numerous glitches and performance issues can be fixed easily so I won't complain too much about them.To put it out there, the game is far too overpriced for an indie title.In terms of gameplay the planets are far too populated and points of interest are too common,  it feels nothing like you are an Explorer as was advertised, all the planets already have outposts with teh main factions in them. Intelligent life and life in general is everywhere, this really shatters the immersion. Coming across life should be a special occasion, not run of the mill.Of all the planets I have visited all but one had animals and all had plants with numerous point of interest dotted every 500m.This has got to be by far my biggest disappointment about this game. I followed it from the start and this seems like they sold out to the hype for mroe to do.Flying and landing are very painful, I am not sure what they were thinking with this. WTF. It si bearable but flying is not fun (Dare I mention spore).In stations there are no NPCs walking arounf or anything, everything is static there. Not too annoyed about that, it is just noted.On the plus side, I thought the terrain generation and HUGE planets with rolling weather patterns to be absolutely fantastic. Top job there with great variation.With the animals though, the same model with random bits stuck to it gets rather old but I am not too fussed about that, there is still a lot of variaion with some entertaining combinations.Crafting is another strong point IMO, though it would be nice to have a similar feature with the multi-tool as the ship. Where you could swap the parts before trading, some of those mods are expensive.As much fun as I have had with it, I cannot reccomend it for this release price. The fans cannot help but feel lied to with a lot of the stuff.Edit after a while:  The fans were straight conned and ripped off. They knew they would never be able to live up to SMs promises and so chucked up the price ready to run. I hope they never make another game. I have learnt my lesson about waiting for reviews, and I hope others have too. 50% of those hours were idle afk time."
76561198025263568,Not Recommended,275850,31958626,Posted: 25 May,all,Russel.,Simply fraudulent. worth £5. no more
76561198012003888,Not Recommended,275850,24952605,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Deus Meister !,Model example for false advertisement..
76561198138838537,Not Recommended,275850,25222835,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Brony Starsex,"We were promised endless possibilities. What we got was endless repitition of the same basic stuff. The wonder wears off pretty quick. The mechanics are poorly thought through. You are supposed to be an explorer, and yet you cannot keep a map...... So very, very disappointed in this game."
,Not Recommended,275850,24845916,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Blem,doesnt even ♥♥♥♥ing open well done
76561198040367719,Not Recommended,275850,24845992,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Hadrionic,"Wow, what a joke. i7 6700k at 4.6 GHz, GTX 980 ti. 32 GB 3200MHz DDR4 RAM...and the game stutters and drops fps to single figures more times than I can count. Does anyone remember the Batman Arkhum Knight fiasco?Will be asking for a refund."
76561198106631003,Recommended,275850,34753365,Posted: 5 September,all,Arnold Rimmer,"I can spend hours exploring just one planet, looking for settlements, crashed ships, building a base and setting up a farm. And then there's millions more to discover after that. This is a beautiful game now that brings to life all the dreams I had as a kid to explore space."
,Not Recommended,275850,25114891,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Eldiora,"Do not buy into this overhyped game. Its shallow, has no real content. All its features were overhyped and most of the stuff that was promised is not even there.There is only some boring and over simplified crafting and resource gathering and nothing really apart from the repetitive exploring.An infinitie universe? More like an infinite letdown because after a while every planet looks the same only in another colour.I do not really want to rant on but if I hear one more ""life support low"" I am going to throw my keyboard at the screen.Worst game in the past decade."
,Not Recommended,275850,24915296,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,REDSHIRT,"Not worth the price. This is an early access game mascarading as a AAA game.I wrote a long review that didn't stick, but in short:Game has many PC performance issues, probably because Hello Games didn't hire their own QA team until the day before the PC release, before that they were using Sony for QA.Many bugs, some of them game breaking. My favorite right now is finding blueprints to build technology needed to advance, and it doesn't show up for me to use. If I find it again, it says I already have it. So I guess kiss those upgrades goodbye.Terrible flight model and Interstellar map. You can't fly near the surface of planets. Automated landing and docking. The map doesn't have any functionality making it useful beyond finding the next system to jump to. No planetary map.No variety to planetary points of interest.I think that's enough. This game should be priced like the indie game it is, and it should be in early access."
76561198117762420,Not Recommended,275850,24845787,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Rectomb Wrecker,"If you like the first 5 seconds of the opening screen over and over again, this game is for you. As for the gameplay, i have no clue because apparently its to hard to implement a game after having it finished for a long time."
,Recommended,275850,35172965,Posted: 24 September,all,Blackbird DK,"I purchased NMS very recently, since the 1.3 update, and I have nothing but good experiences to share. The developer seems to have pulled a complete 180 and is very responsive to player feedback. New updates come out regularly and relate directly to player feedback. The game is beautiful and immersive and has kept me interested well beyond 100 hours. I still have tons of story left to work through and don't feel like I have wasted my time.Very highly recommended.8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,275850,32058419,Posted: 30 May,all,MRMAN58,That fact that this is still 60 dollars and never goes on sale is insane. Should've been dropped to $15 a month after launch. Then free to play another month later. And it still wouldnt be worth the space on your hard drive.
76561198025112130,Not Recommended,275850,25202162,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,kbrook,"Incredibly repetitive. Lots of potential, none of it realized."
,Not Recommended,275850,24846037,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,ginger_baz,"bag of crap, crashes at the title screen.Don't bother for 3 months or so until they have finished the game."
,Recommended,275850,34173440,Posted: 11 August,all,Alfigue,"We all have the opportunity to redeem ourselves, from the mistakes we learn, and this game and its developers made many mistakes in the beginning with its accelerated launch. We know the story, but unlike companies that create games that fail and then abandon them within a few months to start creating another (Ubisoft), Hello Games has continued to work on its game, learning from its mistakes and improving.Yes, the starting price is ridiculous for the state of the product at the time.But today and with the latest update I consider No man's sky a game more than enjoyable and is the experience that I have always sought to explore space and planets.I totally recommend it if you are looking for exploration and surealist worlds, but do not know if it's full price.Español:Todos tenemos la oportunidad de redimirse, de los errores se aprende, y este juego y sus desarrolladores cometieron muchos errores en un inicio con su lanzamiento acelerado. ya sabemos la historia, pero a diferencia de compañías que crean juegos que fallan y luego los abandonan a los pocos meses para empezar a crear otro (Ubisoft), Hello Games ha seguido trabajando en su juego, aprendiendo de sus errores y mejorando.Si, el precio de salida es irrisorio para el estado del producto en ese entonces.Pero hoy en día y con la última actualización considero No man's sky un juego mas que disfrutable y es la experiencia que siempre he buscado de explorar el espacio y planetas.Lo recomiendo totalmente si lo que buscas es exploración y mundos surealistas, pero no se si a precio completo."
76561198059491348,Not Recommended,275850,28130660,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,RainbowButtBlast,"As of 02/12/16 this game has improved but is still not quite there yet to pay £40 or $60.Firstly, this game had a terrible launch with people criticising it and flaming it for being the worst game to be overhyped in years. Calling Shaun Murray out for being a lying developer and a Peter Molyneux Version 2.0, even I was joining in on it because it seemed like they took their money and ran for the hills. However I was wrong, even after all the hate the dev team stuck around and gave us a rather huge update; 'The Foundation Update' which added base building, patches, waypoints and the ability to own a freighter.I was extremely surprised when I heard about this update, and to some extent proud of the dev team and Shaun for not abandoning the game like some would do. Not only does the update add content and fix a lot of issues but it is a step in the right direction to redeeming the company for the mess they originally put on the market for AAA pricing; if Hello Games keep releasing content updates and patches to make the game as it was advertised then they will hopefully and rightfully regain the support of the community.Although saying this, the game is still at a price point of £40 or $60 which is still ridiculous (Hello Games please lower it to around £20/$30) and for that reason I do not recommend it. You are paying top price for practically an indie game (which is what it is now since Sony has thrown them under the bus) and that is simply not acceptable.I can now firmly say that I have hope in this game (which is more than I could say a month ago) and that this is a step in the right direction for the game and the developers at Hello Games. I applaud Hello Games' determination and hard work over the past 3 months, I also look forward to any new updates in the future but as of right now it is simply not worth the asking price; just wait and see how it develops..."
,Not Recommended,275850,24888110,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Dr ScienceLobster MD-PhD BSc LLB,"This negative review is going to be slightly different, as i have a 980 this game runs very well on my pc, the settings took a little fiddling but i got a steady framerate.No this is not a technical reveiw, it is a content reveiw and the content (i hate to say this) is sub par. you will recive an indi titles worth of content for the price of a triple A game, i would argue this is directly sonys fault but as i am not a developer this is pure spectulation. for almost £50 i expected more than 5 hours worth of content because by the time you have reached that you have seen everythimng this game has to offer... their maybe more but i dont want to sit through 200 hundred almost exactly copy paste planets just to find out what is ""at the centre of the galaxy.""the worst part is im giving up playing this on the 13th (one day after release) to go and play fallout 4, a game i have already put easily over 300 hours in to.Chances are ill play this some more since i can get a refund after 2 hours and this game was practically designed to keep you on home planet for atleast 2 and half, and chances are this reveiw will stay negative (definatly almost)ive never been so disapointed in a game that really should have been goty :(and no im not going to waste my time to speel check this, it really doesnt matter that much.[POST FOUNDATION PATCH UPDATE: games the same, there is slightly more to do, but grinding to do those things is still a chore, alot of the update is focused on removing the grind, but you must still grind to get those things. the building is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ no really, its truely aweful. people complain about Fallout 4 settlements....... try no man sky base building.if im being fair, which this game does not deserve, its a single step in the right direction. its just a shame theres still 500000 miles left to walk.]"
76561198047261390,Not Recommended,275850,25092329,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,TRON,"Boring, repetitive, mundane, waste of $60."
76561198055144891,Not Recommended,275850,24853332,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Kirionx,"If you feel alone in real life, buy this game so you can be alone in the game too"
,Not Recommended,275850,25211565,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,☢๖ۣۜ⚜HawkSP⚜[P-S]⚜,I made a little poem to review this game:No Man's SkyOne Man's LiePlease Don't BuyThe End.
,Not Recommended,275850,24845910,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Norman Paperman,"Crashes on launch, lots of people are having this problem, don't expect to be able to play this game right away.Edit: I've been talking to friends who actually were able to get into game, and they said it was a cheap port from playstation.Edit 2: You can get a refund here:https://help.steampowered.com/"
,Not Recommended,275850,24959006,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Coema,Not much more to say than this:https://www.reddit.com/r/NoMansSkyTheGame/comments/4y046e/wheres_the_nms_we_were_sold_on_heres_a_big_list/?st=irxstjf3&sh=b2020615I want my money back.
76561198046674456,Not Recommended,275850,25037147,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Carnivorous Walnut,"Buy it on a sale. It's a fun way to waste a weekend, but everything gets repetitive incredibly quickly. Random generation can only produce so much variance."
,Not Recommended,275850,25366779,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,TheBarracuda,"Imagine Taco Bell with its dozen or so ingredients. You can only mix and match so much until it ends up being the same thing. ""oh, no this is a different taco. The tomatoes are UNDER the lettuce""That's what it feels like to play this game.even better:Imagine a bowl of alphabet soup. The first spoonful will be full of brand new letters, the next might have new and different ones, the third a few less and by the fourth spoonful, you've eaten every letter and realize they all taste the same. That's this game.This is overpriced at $60. I'd feel very comfortable paying $12-$15 for this and abandoning it forever after the first 4 hours. At $60, I expect a fully realized game at the level of Skyrim, Fallout, or Call of duty. It is impossible to overstate the level of repetition this game has. You'll find identical things on most worlds except one will be a slightly different color or the flower will be in a different place or the animals legs will be a different size.I'm only still playing so I feel like I got my moneys worth.  If It was cheaper, I'd have abandoned it on day one and never looked back. Because I paid $60 for it I played the absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it so I didn't feel cheated and by now I'm below $0.85 per hour played and still feel cheated. I don't know why I'm punishing myself.Did I mention the repetition?  Because it's got a lot of repetition.Lots of it.too much"
76561197969228770,Not Recommended,275850,24845908,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Navero,"Hello Games is the first to earn the Alientate User Base At Launch trophy.  Because so few players were able to get past the splash screen, NMS went from a high Mostly Positive rating to a rather low Mostly negative one.  One hour for a 50+ point drop.Enough about the studio, though.  Let's talk about NMS itself:  The single most expensive (and boring) splash screen I ever bought.  The top line of the logo, aptly, appears to be an EKG showing the single optimistic blip where the game launches then dies.  The remaining lines show the flatlines for community responsiveness, coroporate give-a-darn, and quality assurance.In a bold move, the devs appear to have gone drinking.Bugger this."
76561198254866059,Not Recommended,275850,26469189,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Sage,"I got a joke your you. How many years do you think it will take Sean Murray to fix No Mans Sky? 18 quintillion years. This game is way too reppetitive and there is nothing to that keeps you playing the game for more than 10 hours. Sean Murray could have accomplished so much with this game but he rushed the game out too early and lied to us. If you have less than 2 hours in this game heres what you do. You refund This game ""IMMEDIATLY"" and buy a game that is actually worth 60 dollars, Fallout 4, Civilization VI, Hell I would even go as far as getting Infinite Warfare in replacement for this game. You know, a Space game that is actually multiplayer. This is the reason I stopped pre-ordering games"
,Not Recommended,275850,24846033,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,quiet,"My experience with it so far...I installed the game, was in it for five minutes. Three of those minutes were spent wondering why I couldn't change frame rate from 30 to max, and then I BSOD. Turns out I BSOD because I didn't accept the terms & conditions which were covered up by the game itself.For the whole 2 minutes I was actually playing the game it was very sluggish and had constant FPS drops. My rig is also overkill for most games I throw at it. It was also set to 30FPS by default.Now I can't start the game.UPDATE 13/08/2016: 5 re-installs didn't work. So I decided to install it to my SSD, it works now. Barely."
76561198022846214,Not Recommended,275850,25141599,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Vurt Con,"Well played it for about 4 hours and have seen most that the game has to offer. Sad really because I was really looking towards this title. See if I can get a refund as I will not be playing it anymore.This game has nothing to do with the picture all over the net, it runs so poorly on my PC that it makes the game fill like a drag. about 80% of what was promised  in the game is not there.I am very upset with the way I was lied to by the people that made this game and hope that they learn from this and never do it again.If you are thinking about getting this DON'T, please do not fall for all the hype I did. I'm hoping I can get my money back as the game has made me think twice about paying any game on day of release now."
,Not Recommended,275850,25222851,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Hanreas,"1 Hour into the game, some interesting mechanics to work with, the idea of improvement seems appealing, you run around finding new things occasionally jumping into your ship2 Hours into the game, the mechanics start being streamlined, you use the ship to move from point of interest to point of interest3 Hours into the game, you find a new planet and continue the PoI hopping with new scenery, occasionally naming new things4 Hours into the game, you have experienced everything this game has to offer and have successfully wasted £40 and 4 hours of your life"
76561198012194849,Not Recommended,275850,25060836,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Krexington,"I Feel Like we were ripped off (mostly) after playing this. The hype was too igh and I was looking forward to this myself. (sigh) What a shame, let's hope Updates Improve this games depth!"
76561198108703466,Not Recommended,275850,25216345,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,MisterMaroon,no mans liebad performance bland planets and not what you see in the video
76561198011483528,Not Recommended,275850,25080946,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Nozum,So damn happy i got it refunded!
,Not Recommended,275850,30451919,Posted: 11 March,all,Polite People,"I bought the game right after the Pathfinder Update was released, and game's recent reviews turned from Mostly Negative to Mixed.Unfortunately it didn't live up to my (very limited) expectations even after the newest update. The gameplay feels very bland and  lackluster, maybe it's just me. I don't find hours spent mining billion of periodic table elements with my constantly overheating laser exciting.Performance could still use tweaking since the game lags and stutters, while the picture doesn't look that good, and the models of wildlife are decent at best.All in all this game is not for everybody, I guess for me it's a bit too simplistic in what you do most of the time which is shoot at rocks with your laser a lot."
,Not Recommended,275850,24953576,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,borismihajlovic,"Altough i enjoyed some moments of this game, mostly i wouldnot recommend it. Its very shallow. Mid to end game is simply not finished imho. Progression, NPC interactions, guidence - its simply not finished. But most of all, PC interface sucks big time. Its obviusly made for consoles and not ported well at all. Bloody why i have to hold anything for action to take place? Its not acceptable on PC.Maybe i'll come back to it after 3-6 months of fixes. ATM i regretted buying it."
,Not Recommended,275850,24886411,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,AzzaB,"Want the No Man's Sky Experience? I'll give it to you.Picture yourself holding £40Place the £40 in a fireplaceIgnite the fireplaceCap your eyes to 25 FPSWell done, you just played No Man's Sky."
,Not Recommended,275850,24859964,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Happymask Salesdergan,"-Stuttery-Audio CracklingThe audio was giving me a headache, C'mon Hello games!  It works fine on a PS4, not everyone has a horrible PC and I'm not the only one with these issues.  How could you mess this up!"
76561198150478185,Not Recommended,275850,25062780,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,SixTree,"This game is basically just a screen saver that generates random alien landscapes to look at.But instead of automatically moving to the next slide in the slide show; you have to shoot a rock, tinker with a menu, and sit through the count down timer of space travel before seeing the next slide."
76561198131131904,Not Recommended,275850,25500808,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,westcomb9498,"I pre-ordered this game because I fell for the lies that were shown in the demos and trailers. Played it for many hours. After the 20 hour mark, my smile and excitement for the game became a frown and boredom. This didn't stop me though. I still was desperately trying to find that excitement again. After the 30 hour mark, when I came upon the 7th Atlas Station, the orb told me something that resembled what I thought. It said that ""the Atlas was USING me"". Yes, I was USED, but not just by the Atlas. I was USED by the Dev.s too. Take it from me, don't buy the game 2 hours is too little amount of time to realize the game is boring and straight up just bad. That being said, 2 hours is just enough time for you to realize that you just wasted $60 that you could have used for other, better, games that you would enjoy more than this ""game"". Take it from me- an angry passenger on the derailed NMS hype train who can't get a refund. It was pretty tough not cursing in this review. Now excuse me, I'm going to put my head through a wall. :)"
,Not Recommended,275850,24881177,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,FailCake xㅅO,"Eh, after playing 3 hours, it got pretty boring... i would wait for it to be discounted."
76561198091650345,Not Recommended,275850,25190574,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,RaDiKaL,Turns out to be nothing like was shown off or as promised. Devlopers have even seemed to have disappeared since the game launched.
,Not Recommended,275850,24846062,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Night Terror,"This about sums it up:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RvAwB7ogkikAfter 2 days of having the PS4 release rubbed in my face, I install the game and it doesn't work. Hope they get it sorted[EDIT 1] they seem to have identified the problem I'm having as something to do with my processor not supporting SSE4.1; although my chip is way over the minimum spec there's still no fix.[EDIT 2] Running the experimental version and now it crashes to desktop after the title sequence.[EDIT 3] 3rd day of release and still nothing from devs about the unstable experimental version.[Final Edit] Finally got sorted and I got to work playing, it was great for around 6 hours, beyond which you'll soon realise its the same thing over and over and over again. NMS fails to deliver on a great deal of what we were promised. This game is a huge dissapointment to me, but serves as good lesson: Never pre-order anything again[update] I'm still furious about not getting a refund for this mis sold garbage"
76561198210803099,Not Recommended,275850,24845866,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Dantheratman,"Looks good enough, but runs like a horrible early access game no matter what settings applied.  What a joke.  Refund in process."
,Not Recommended,275850,25199570,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,chippxero,So much was promised and so little was delivered.At best this is really an early access title that might have some of the things added in over time.
76561198061645043,Not Recommended,275850,25251532,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Yeng2x,finally got my refund after 5 tries... around 23hrs of playing i think? :D
76561198006574980,Not Recommended,275850,25257642,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Kae,"This particular piece of software operates as a good tech demo and proof of concept for a larger gaming framework. The actual game, however, has yet to be encorporated."
76561198008470385,Not Recommended,275850,25186699,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,[RA] Marv,Such a sad project with so much potential. Complete waste of time and $$$.
,Recommended,275850,30400787,Posted: 8 March,all,The Brown Weiner,"They are trying to fix argueably one of gaming largest PR nightmares.1.) I applaud them for trying.2.) The game has come along way since release. However, there is still a long way to go.3.) This game does has massive potenital.4.)This game should have gone the early access route.I really wish this game the best, I'd like to someday play what we all envisioned.Let's hope for a great finish after a horrible start."
,Not Recommended,275850,24857127,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Tortilla Farmer,Steam refund simulator 201610/10 would refund againLmao seeing all these triggered people in the comments is so funny
76561198201877740,Not Recommended,275850,25037019,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,digitalben,"In the state this game is in, I am not only not recommending it, but I am not continuing to play it. It is a shallow husk of a game that delivers on almost nothing that the team promised it would. My biggest complaint about NMS is that Sean Murray told us over and over again how this would be a living, working universe. IT IS NOT! The solar systems are static, meaning the planets don't actually move (orbit, nor rotate). Sean arrogantly scoffed at the notion of sky boxes and fake day/night cycles, saying his game will be different. Well thats exactly how he built the game, sky boxes and fake day/night cycles. All of the explanations about planets orbiting their stars and rotating on their axes to provide day and night were lies to peak your interest. This game uses the same technique to make day/night cycles as every other.. SKY BOXES!! FAKE SUNS!! YAY!! He talked of sophisticated mechanics that determined what type of planet it would be depending on how close or far it was from the star. Where elemets would be present on those planets because of their postion in the solar system. All elements are found on all planets, it doesn't matter how far or close you are to the sun to determine a hot or cold planet. Its just random, not procedural. There isn't even a true star in the system, just a fixed point of light which can never be reached. Sean Murray is a millionaire because of us buying his lies. ALL of the major features that he was hyping for the last year are not in the game.. 2/10, would shove down Sean Murray's throat if I could."
,Not Recommended,275850,25113934,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Gus,"Dont waste 60 bucks on this crap, trailers lie and its missing a bunch of promissed features!"
76561198035842702,Not Recommended,275850,25062805,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Kacktus,"This game crashed 10 times in 4 hours. As it is stronlgy based on atmosphere, you can imagine how unenjoyable the game becomes when you return to desktop (randomly). I have a GTX 1060 and a 2500K on 4Ghz, 8 GB ram. Selling a Beta for EUr 60.00 while calling it a ready game is a sign of pressure, which the makers couldnt handle so far. Good luck, I will ask for a refund."
,Not Recommended,275850,25234090,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Fhoer,"100% Scam, sadly got the game as a gift and couldnt return"
,Not Recommended,275850,25199558,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Meowssolini,"This game is decent. I think that if it was marketed and advertised as an indie game than many more people would have been satisfied with the game. As it stands $60 is simply too much for No Man's Sky, and it's certainly ahead of its time."
,Not Recommended,275850,25202187,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Gluten,"Everything looks more or less the same on different planets (a few variations that are repeating with different colors), bad performance, cluncky movement and ship flying, space ""combat"" is a joke, you cannot really ""do anything"" like advertised, choose to be an explorer, trader, fighter or miner - this is actually a game about inventory management, the annoying robotic voice telling you ""no slots available"" becomes nightmare material... and the aliens you meet have less character than cardboard cutouts....AVOID THIS GAME!"
,Not Recommended,275850,24850429,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,UrsaMajor,"Firstly, I did not even get a tutorial, I spent the first 20 minutes figuring out how to make the plating, Then spent about 40 minutes looking for fuel for my Takeoff boosters, And the rest was trying to figure out why the Beacon would not work and then being stuck miles away from anything becaus of the PreOrder ship Warpdrive glitch.Played on a GTX 770 and got massive lag spikes (My card can handle games like Fallout 4 and Metal Gear Solid V with no issues)TL:DR It is♥♥♥♥♥♥dont buy it."
,Not Recommended,275850,24875828,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Hungry Zhug,"This game is one of those games that boarded the hype train and convinced all it's fans to lean to one side by deceitfully saying ""multiplayer"" only to say ""jk"" as the train derails. The multiplayer fiasco is one that has caused a bunch of people to opt out for obvious reasons and now hello games for all fault of its own is as untrusted as ubisoft or todd howard, sucks for them that is the type of thing that won't ever die or atleast not for a very long time.Now onto the game itself.This game is fun. In the repetetive constantly get these materials so you can do this so you can get to here so you can get this so you can get to there kind of way. which is broken mainly by the quest to understand languages and the many weird looking flora and fauna you can find. This game is a Decent survival game even though it lacks a lot of content that other survival games have like building up your own base and stuff like that (though this might change in a future update) which makes sense for what the game is right now an exploration game though not many people like that aspect forced onto them. This game was originally advertised as a multiplayer game or at least according to what todd howard's disciple had told us. It no longer is though which sucks because that one feature would have made this game so much better than it currently is, even if the universe is so large that statistically there was very little chance of ever meeting anyone it would have been the feeling of knowing you could meet someone that would have made this so much better and more worth its price (but yet again who knows maybe the developers will do the smart thing and add multiplayer to this game to make it that much better in the future) I don't believe that the game is currently worth the big $60 I believe it could have been worth that if it had multiplayer in it but it doesn't, So I reccomendwaiting for a sale where it gets to about 50% off as then this game would truly be worth it.The game feels like it should have had a massive ""EARLY ACCESS"" slapped on it's store page, just because of all the content it lacks. This is where some of you might say ""but theres 15 quinquillion planets"" but I'm not talking about content in terms of scale, I'm talking about what you can do on each planet that makes it different from the rest, something that wasn't already there (other than naming some platypus rhino ""god's mistake"") every planet just feels the same, I need these materials, I go to this location I get this upgrade and I go to the next planet, theres no giant cities anywhere no towns to break the sameness that exists everywhere, theres just constant spaceshacks containing 1 alien that asks me a question and gives me something, and I don't get it. Have these people just existed there since the dawn of time? where did they come from? where did they live before this? were they exiled to this planet? why the hell are they here? now I haven't gotten to the centre of the universe maybe it's all explained there but that seems like it'd be a stupid thing to go to the centre of the universe to learn.the game feels like it just needed a bit more work, the fact that it was developed on pc and has this many problems on pc shows that. At the moment I probably won't be putting any more hours Into this game (as I've hit 2 hours) in the hopes that they fix enough of them so that it's playable within the next 2 weeks otherwise I'll be refunding this game and waiting for it to drop in price before I ever buy it again, I'm honestly hoping they do fix it. for now i don't reccomend it but that might change. We'll see.EDIThttps://www.reddit.com/r/NoMansSkyTheGame/comments/4y4i3a/wheres_the_nms_we_were_sold_on_front_page/heres a link to a reddit article that states everything that was stated to be in the game by the developers and is ""missing"" from the game with quotes and sources, I don't know who originally posted this but thank you to whoever it was."
,Recommended,275850,30171047,Posted: 25 February,all,SkunkWerks,"I've waited a while to post a review for this.  Wanted to collect my thoughts on it.  After having watched the drama of this game's release unfold, I'm convinced that there are in fact,threeNo Man's Skys.1. The game 'the hype' promised- and never delivered2. The game that fifty-thousand raging neckbeards can't seem to stop despising3. The game it actually is.As I wasn't on the hype train (I bought the game shortly after the Foundation Update), and I'm not especially prone to groupthink or fits of unreasoning rage either, I'll try to address that third game- because Idothink gaming journalism is messed up.I just happen toalsothink that the primary dysfunction has essentially become a difference of extremes.Which is another way of saying:""trying to buy a game amid all these histrionics is like driving drunk.""Not- mind you- that I don't think that what happened with 'the hype' isn't reprehensible.  It is.On the other hand I also think it's unfortunate in the sense that thereisan audience for a game like this.  It's probably a far smaller one than the hype generated, but it's also probably larger than the wave of hate that followed it's release (thatcontinuesto follow the release) allows for.So what is that third game?  Well, it's an atmospheric exploration game with crafting and some survival elements.It has some action, but it's not an action-oriented game.It has some survival elements- but this isn't ""hardcore""in that regard and I don't see it ever being.It's got some crafting elements- but the list ins't tremendously expansive and the flow isn't necessarily... optimized.It's set in space- replete with different races, lore for those races, factions and so on- but it's not a free-form Mass Effect, no.What it does well is it's sense of ambience and atmosphere, while giving you a little of all of the above things.  Some might find this boring (and even I tire of it from time to time), but I don't think that the mere fact that you can be bored with a game necessarily makes it a bad game.This isn't a game for everyone- as I think I said above.  But if you think you might find the idea of exploring a vast-feelinguniverse for a bit, while occupying yourself with gathering and cataloguing things, you might enjoy playing this game.I know I have.One thing I will absolutely agree with most of this game's detractors on is the price (at least the $60 one used at release).This is a $30 game- at most.That puts it in a similar category with a lot of other games like it.So, if you do get it, wait for a sale- definately.  But again, keep in mind  that there's a lot of nonsense surrounding the game's release.  It's easy to avoid the over-hyping of the game nowadays since it's out and we've got plenty of it's features catalogued and we know what the game is and isn't.But it's still easy to fall victim to the rage train still following the game.  Make your own decision.  Don't let anyone else (including me) tell you what to buy."
76561198053846991,Not Recommended,275850,28916139,Posted: 1 January,all,Brobadiah,"I bought this game on launch and was very excited to play. For me, this game earned the title, "" biggest regret purchase I've ever made on a game."" THe glitches/unstability caused this game to be next to unplayable when it first came out. I gave it a few tries, honestly wanting it to be good, I mean after you spend 60$ on a game you either expect to get a certain level of enjoyment at it or spend enought time playing it to progess and explore the game. I was never able to achieve this through the 15 hours of gameplay. I wish i would have clicked the refund button before I left the game on pause to long to qualify for a refund. Even if this game is on sale, be very cautious. High chance of regreting your purchase.Moral of the story, save your money. Even 35$ for this game feels like to much for what you get.I recommened buying Astroneer, a game in preview stage that fulfulled my need for space exploration, and priced right at 20$, just right."
,Not Recommended,275850,24886478,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,PapaBless,"I will not complain about the gameplay and its repetitiveness, because it's what I was expecting. But the game is unplayable. Of course for some people is working fine, good for you, but for me and other hundreds of players it's just a mess. I have a quite new gaming laptop, never had any problems with any others game, but seems that with this one is just a roulette, if it's going to work or not. This is not a professional way of doing things, a port like this hurts my soul. 60 euros for this, unbelievable. Probably they are going to fix it sooner or later, but that's not the point. At the moment of the launch is a pile of randomly generated laggy poop, I have asked for a refund.Also, the fact that they didn't give out pre launch copies for the pc version to the many reviewers on you tube means that they knew this was crap."
,Not Recommended,275850,25010772,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Shedding,"Why do I keep getting kicked in the balls??  I have made the same mistake of pre-ordering and I keep telling myself not to do it.  You will get kicked in the balls, I keep thinking.  Again, I pre-ordered and just like x-rebirth and minerwars 2081. I GOT KICKED IN THE BALLS.Now, for why this happened to me:The game is definitely a game.  No doubt about it.  It has all the mechanics needed to be a game, but that is about it.  They threw as much as the could to make the shell of the game, then they said ""Game is done"" and charged us $60.00 US American dollars (Living in North America).After playing for roughly 40 hours.  Here is what I find wrong with the game so far:1. When I take off from my ship, randomly, I will be shot up into space.  No trusters, no 45 degree angle into the horizon.  It seems like I have some kind of antigravity field on my ship because that sucker just takes off vertically and puts me right into the stratosphere.  All complements of a weird random bug.2.  Every trading post, colonial outpost, pod, transmission towers or basically any place I visit in a planet is the same damn rehashed building with the same ingame assets.  You get crafting recipes from manufacturing outposts, you get stranded ship beacons through transmission buildings, you get multi tool recipes through abandoned shelters.  Everything is incredibly cookie cutter.  Procedural generated.. My left foot.3. The game ran like a dog limping home after being hit by a bike.  After going to the forums and doing this and that - Opening up text files changing words from true to false, telling my video card it can't use shadows, overclocking my computer (but not too much because else it will freeze again) - The game still ran like the turd my dog took after arriving home limping.  I did the experimental thing and upgraded my video card drivers and now it runs a bit better.  Here is the kicker, and it is still something that still happens.  I can count the amount of times I go in and out of my ship and there must be a magic number of times I go in and out until the game starts to stutter as if my computer just ran out of it's last amount of ram.  My only solution is to restart the game.4.  The thought that went into solving puzzles to get rewards is outstanding.  I go to a transmission building and you have to solve the puzzle of what's next - 1212, 2121, 1212, xxxx - Take a WILD guess what number you need.5. The way the game handles the user interface.  WTF! - When I find another ship the first thing it prompts me ""Compare""?  Uhh yeah.  Show me the god damn ship.  Why should I even press the compare button.  It should just show you the ship and decide if you want to take it.  Now here is the kicker.  I want to dissasemble the items on the ship I found and transfer them to my ship.  I can't do that without me accepting the second ship as my own.  WHY CAN'T I JUST TAKE THE ITEMS AND PUT THEM IN MY SHIP'S TRUNK?  I also can't access my exosuit inventory while I do this, so I am forced to jugle inventory around just to be able to take everything.6. Please give me a damn compass.  Which way is the magnetic north of some of these planets? At least give me Dora the explorer here.  She might have a better idea of where to go.  Or give me some damn smoke signals so that I know which way I am going.  Let's say I find a good source of gold ore, or I just loaded up my ship's trunk with all this stuff and now I need to sell it.  Well, I can't find the trading outpost because the way point has just dissapeared (WTH).  It is very difficult to find your way around because you can barely find your bearings.  Sure, you can travel faster than the speed of light but these ships interior look like my 1977 Nova without a guidance system (how does that even work?) - Again, if this wasn't enough.  When you visit a place you get this damn cut scene that lasts about 5 seconds as if saying ""ohh you have found this! WOW""  but after the 200th time doing this you almost don't feel like even going to the saving pole.  Once I leave the bulding and I want to go back to it there is a way point.  The way point has a deep color if it hasn't been discovered and it is grayed out if you have already discovered it, but there is a damn bug that shows you the way point as fully deep color until you get close to it.  Then it becomes grayed out ""THE RAGE.....""  that is how I feel ""RAGE"" when I travel for 5:45 minutes just to find a way point has already been found by me because this thing can't tell me if I was there or not before.7.  Talking about all these places you can visit in a planet.  Well, if you spend enough time on a planet looking at all the buildings.  Your hud will start to get filled with markers.  SO MANY MARKERS to the point where you can't read what each says or how long it will take to get there.  I used to work for quality assurance at a big video game company and this would've never flown (you see what I did there.  Spaceship - Flown).8. The ship's controls are completely unintuitive.  Even when you manage to move the ship around with a mouse, your yaw movement with keyboard is useless.  It just helps you straighten out the ship - Hell, if they are already not allowing you to crash the ship (as you can see, the ship moves out of the way when you are about to meet a flying boulder) why not just make the ship self stabilizing and only allowing you to move spin if you put it in manual mode.9.  Which takes me to one other thing.  I landed my ship close to two big flying boulders.  The ship decided there was no space to land and moved forward underneath the two flying boulders.  Guess what happened when I tried to take off?  My ship kept on hitting the boulders until it blew up.  Over and over and over with no way to go in reverse or move out of the way because of these clunky controls.  I had to restart my game from an earlier save. - Not cool.10.  The unecessary grind.   This one is not a bug but it bugs me.  Because if the game was noble enough to not insult my intelligence it would be fine to grind for that shinny new object.  Make is smart, make it worthy of something.  But when you are releasing a game that will make you upwards of 50 million dollars have the decency to not treat me as a stupid consumer.  I have to grind in a very methodical mathematical manner to obtain upgrades in a linear fashion.  Terrible.  An incredible uninspiring design.All in all, I did have fun thinking what the next corner was going to show me.  What will the next planet bring and I am still working my way to a fully stocked ship before I start to really see everything the game has to offer - I just have a bad feeling it is going to make me grind towards the center somehow.I give this game a solid 5.7/10 - I had to give it that .7 to express to you that it was almost a 6.  This could've been so much more.  I will update this review as I play more or find more to say."
,Recommended,275850,24911705,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Lazer Laurence,"This game is 100% exploration. Hardly any combat to speak of. Progression is more abstract than concrete. It is solitary, mellow, and a touch repetitive. It's sort of like fact checking.This is a game you probably know beforehand if you will like it or not.I cannot stress enough, this game is ALL exploration. If you do not like exploration, if you don't have a sense of wanderlust, if you don't get gripped by a need to know things or by an air of mystery, you will not like this game.This is a niche game. A very good niche game, but niche nonetheless. It does not appeal to everyone and I doubt it ever will.Me though? I love it.---------EDIT---------First off, I would like to thank everyone who took the time to comment on my review. Everything said has been hilarious at best and interesting at worst. I've never had a review “explode” like this before, so this is been kinda cool for me.Anyways, a few further thoughts in response to other people's thoughts.On the topic of the game not running/being bugged/bad port, I haven't experience this myself. I have an Intel i5-4590, nVidia GTX 970, and 12 GB RAM and I'm running the game 1920x1080, anti-aliasing OFF, anisotropic filtering 2, texture/shadow/generation/reflection all HIGH, and max FPS 30. With those specs/settings the game literally runs just fine for me. I've experienced no crashes and no bugs. Every now and then the game will hang up a second or two went I arrive somewhere new, but that's it for me. This has been a non-issue for me personally. I cannot comment on that aspect further.As for missing gameplay features...this is also more of a non-issue for me personally. I personally don't care if I can see other people in the universe or not. I expected this game to be solitary, so it was what I expected. Aside from multiplayer features, I don't really know what else everyone is saying is lacking from the final release. I did not closely follow the pre-release buzz (because I was going to get this game anyways), so I am not informed as to what else was promised that is not present.Concerns about repetition in relation to limited content and procedural generation are valid. True, the pool of parts the algorithms can pick from is rather tiny indeed. Many planets have a tendency to feel samey overall, and I would say that this is the weakest aspect of the game. However, I personally am willing to accept this limitation as a trade off for the game existing in the first place. I bushed along this this topic in the review above, but I will elaborate a little further: Exploring places that feel similar is a bad thing, yes, but I do not find this to be the focus. The focus is more abstract. I feel this game is more about exploration ITSELF rather than the results of the exploration.Arguments about resource management I would say are half valid. From my experience so far, the resource gather is more “at your pace” than “at the game's pace.” If I want to sit around on a Moon mining gold and gathering a big reserve of Plutonium, I can. If I just want to grab enough fuel to hop to the next system, I can do that too. Your “day-to-day” resource requirements in the game are very low. You can easily get upgraded ships and multi-tools just by exploring and without ever mining for resources to sell. Even warp cells require very small amounts of resources. (50 Carbon, 100 Plutonium, 50 Heridium, 50 Zinc, and 100 Thamium9 in total if you make it from scratch. For reference, your suit's inventory slots have a maximum stack size of 250.) And with just a few upgrades to the multi-tool, mining is very fast. Furthermore, this game is secondarily a survival game, and resource management is an important aspect of survival gameplay. I do not see any problem with the resource system in game, since I feel like this is exactly what would happen in the world of No Man's Sky: decentralized harvesting/production of goods due to extremely advanced technology that allows individuals to be nomads and just grab elements they need to manufacture goods they need directly.In close, I am still enjoying this game, and I anticipate any aspects will be fixed and expanded upon within the coming months. That said, if Hello Games DOESN'T get the PC port better optimized, then at least half the criticism leveled at them will be totally valid. Also, if they don't add more content, then I will certainly be disappointed. I do agree that $60 feels steep for a game “a mile wide and an inch deep,” but I myself personally paid full price as an way of “paying forward” further development and because I was very excited for an exploration game that veered more into hard sci-fi."
,Not Recommended,275850,24846042,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,TazBabyUK,im sorry but i have a really good pc and this game from the start is lag and more lag so cant play it so needs fixed
,Not Recommended,275850,25101439,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Crusader,"Don't buy this game if you haven't already. It's a hot mess on the PC, and that's besides all of the broken promises that Sean Murray and Hello Games left us with.All of those broken promises will be rectified later down the line in paid DLC, I'm sure, based on Murray's quick turn around on the issue, so if you're a complete idiot, by all means, go ahead and pay $60 for a game that's worth maybe $15, then pay $45 for even more cut content that should've been in the original release."
,Not Recommended,275850,34256571,Posted: 15 August,all,DEAVERtheBEAVER,"The game is getting better, so I can understand the Positive reviews, but for me, it still isn't a great game. Yes, it is not fully like it used to be at launch. They added making bases, they added ship/multi-tool classes to try and focus in different areas, they added the ability to buy freighters, yet there still is no true depth to the game.So I want to first talk about the story. So the story quest kind of just feels like a bunch of side quests crammed into 1 (in fact you are forced to do at least 9 sidequests in it) with a couple of very short grand moments added in, and that's it. Once you hurdle past it, it is done and it almost just feels like a long tutorial showing about the different things that are in the game.So once you progress past the story, you might want to work on your base. So you will grind through all the base quests which gives just a bit more content and that's pretty much it. Then the only purpose for the base is to make a money farm. Maybe farming the plants needed to make circuits or some other stuff, and then you will use that money to progress more into the game.Now that you are getting some money, you will think about working on maxing your gear. You will work your way up to getting a max capacity ship and a max capacity multi-tool. Then after a lot of farming, you will maybe have enough to buy a freighter so you go and do that, and you will farm drop pods to max your exo suit. Woot, you are maxed out...now what?And this is where the problem with this game really hits hard. You sprint straight into a nice content wall. Once you have pretty much done all of the above, there is nothing else, as most people say it's a very large ocean, but it's not deep enough to swim in. At this point you also realize that even the quests you did above had you just doing the same things over and over because there isn't much there, it is extremely basic.Now, I understand that some people might like the idea of now just going out and exploring, and it might last a bit, but by the time you do all the stuff above, you would have seen anywhere from 50-300 planets. You might say that there's a lot of uniqueness in more planets and systems, but I fell like once you see at least like 50-100, maybe even less, you really have seen it all you notice all the similarities in the creatures and the planet generation. You might say that going into combat would be a good alternative for random exploration, but the combat is also pretty bland and pretty easy both on surface and in space.So that is why I do not recommend this game, even after the updates. Most of the updates add on neat little features on the surface, but they don't change the core game. If I were to recommend anything to make this game better, I would recommend way more diversity for planets, say multiple biomes, more creature types with more diversity, more things to make planets interesting like maybe generated towns with maybe conflict on planets. Improving the combat and add more diversity on what you fight more enemy types different weapon mods and types. There just needs to be a lot more depth which I feel like is inacheivable at this point.And not to mention the many, many bugs with this game that makes it feel like an early access, many of the core systems just has issues, and it seems like they didn't really test the update either. For example, they added different inventories on the exo suit, and you can't even use the cargo inventory. The radar in the ship only shows planets like 10% of the time, and the rest of the time it bugs out. Crashing on opening the map often making you triple think your saves. And there are many more, that's just what i can think of off the top of my head.TLDR Very large ocean, not deep enough to swim in. Have a nice day ;)Edit: A couple of the major bugs from the release of the latest updates have been patched including the Cargo Slot of the inventory."
,Not Recommended,275850,31334578,Posted: 23 April,all,PeePee Lotion,"This was actually a pretty fun sandbox once I got past a few of the common complaints you might find in other reviews. After obtaining most of the upgrades in the game, I stopped playing somewhat abruptly, but remained hopeful for what the future might bring.I logged back in recently to see what this new patch was about. Within no time at all, I found myself in the midst of a space battle. I defeated the pirates or whatever, but accidentally lased a non-pirate ship  in the process (it was like, right next to the pirate and the target lock switched momentarily...one misclick!), which brought on a sentinel ship chase. I figured destroying the ships would allow me to escape, like with drones on a planet surface, but this is far from the case---it only made things worse. To my dismay, my attempts at self-defense seemed only to result in more of those space-GTA wanted stars. I fled to a close-looking planet (are distances no longer displayed or something?), but it wasn't actually very close and it felt like forever since these enemies disruptin my pulse engine so I had to move slow, and I'm constantly recharging my shields in inventory and trying to dodge sentinel fire (I am close to max space-GTA wanted stars at this point). It ends with me finally landing on the planet, frantically trying to find cover, and promptly getting gunned down by the AT-ST thing that spawned on top of me.I don't know if that's exactly how it's supposed to go down, but I quit playing after that. I'll probably check out the next patch."
76561198152687451,Not Recommended,275850,25273365,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Abaddon,"Well i would have loved to say ""i love it"" as i waited 3 years for this game but...its nothing like they said first off they said Multiplayer was going to be in the game! the videos dont even match the game it runs at about 30 fps when i have way over what the game needs. so many things where said to be added into the game but they never have been so im sorry but this game was a scam."
76561198231772948,Not Recommended,275850,30923598,Posted: 3 April,all,Draden666401651,"To anybody at all who is considering getting this game, just don't. The procedural generation is messy and has little to no variety. Most planets are almost identical, with the differences being less than interesting. This is not the space exploration multiplayer extravaganza people had hoped for. 0/10 would NEVER buy again."
,Not Recommended,275850,24959049,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,m@rz,"Played it for 3 hours and I came to aGod Eye Opening Revelationthat No Man's Sky is a carrot on a stick. And, I am no donkey. But the game design is beautiful however not enough for me to continue on. I requested a refund. Not worth the $60 price. Maybe $7.99."
,Recommended,275850,34247344,Posted: 14 August,all,eustisbuc,"1.3 Is a massive improvement. I reccomend anyone who gave up on this game or hasn't played it yet give it a chance, it's a very good game now."
,Not Recommended,275850,25086284,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Arizona Bay (Learn to Swim),"Alright, now I've only ever written a review for Life Is Strange. That game absolutely deserved it, and so does NMS, but for the exact opposite reason.Look, I enjoy the game, and I like the idea, but jesus christ this is just pathetic, and I can't recommend it to anyone in its current state. It's playable, and has its fun moments, but really I wouldn't buy it unless you're dead set on it, in which a review wont change your mind. Definitely not for the price it's at either.It's a space exploration game, but I have absolutely no desire to be in space or even in my ship. The controls for flying are HORRIBLE, the ship speeds are ♥♥♥♥ing annoying (basically like 1mph, 5mph, and 100mph), and space battles just♥♥♥♥♥♥me off and I can't imagine anyone finding them even the least bit fun. If you're flying in pulse mode (basically planet to planet warp speed) and hostile ships detect your ""rare items"" (you can literally have nothing in your inventories and they'll still detect you...), it tears you out of pulse mode and forces you to fight them. You can't re-enter pulse or warp away to escape, and can't travel fast enough to ever escape unless you happen to be close enough to a planet or space station. Then with the pathetic controls, if there's a handful of ships attacking you you're basically screwed because they can somehow fly much faster than you and it's extremely difficult to even hit one. Oh, and your shield depletes way too quick and you have to sort through menus in real time to recharge it, with elements you either don't have or can't find in space, only on land. So you have no choice but to die basically.And that happens a lot if you spend time in space.Also I have a very highly upgraded ship that was like 47 million credits that has 46 inventory slots, so good luck with any ship.So that leaves running around on planets as the only ""chill, relaxing"" thing to do basically. Which I actually enjoy. Really, that part of the game is fun. However, there's a few things there that♥♥♥♥♥♥me off as well.1. Literally every planet is inhabited. (Probably by other players too if you could actually see them) Theres some sort of sign of civilization every couple minutes of walking distance in every direction. Which is fine in terms of playing, it gives me something to head for and explore rather than just walking around on the dull landscapes. But when it's supposed to feel like you're exploring new territory, planets being overrun with shelters, trade stations, monoliths, etc. ruin that narrative.2. About 95% of the planets I've visited have been some sort of barren hazardous bull♥♥♥♥♥♥ Whether it's ice, radiation, heat, or poison, it's literally all the same. I have to run indoors or shoot my own shelter in a hill every 10-20 seconds to keep my hazard support from running out. That's not fun, that's just annoying and it makes me go to a different planet. And the nice planets I have found that I do want to explore are devoid of anything worth exploring. There's never any rare resources, hardly even any animals, and again I just go and find another planet.3. Sentries are a decent concept, but honestly they should be removed completely. Again, it ruins that whole ""discovering planets for the first time"" thing, and they do nothing but prevent me from doing what the game says I'm supposed to do.4. When discount GLADoS from portal says ""incoming storm"", you have straight up zero time to get anywhere. The storm hits as soon as it finishes warning you.5. I like the idea of unique animals, but they could have actually just dedicated a couple weeks to designing the animals themselves so that they make sense, because most just look stupid. I don't care if that means theres only a few thousand animals versus however many there are, it would look better that way. An extension of that, some of the ships are ridiculous as well, but I am glad that inventory space is not related to size of the ship because I wanted a small ship not two sideways grain silos with a cockpit thrown on top.6. Even though every planet is unique, it all seems the same. There's basically a handful of environments that all look and interact the same, the only difference is the shape of the landscape and where things are.Really though, it is a bit of fun and it's worth trying, but not at 60 dollars. They have a lot of work to do to make this even a good game, and I do look foward to the updates they'll apparently be making (if they try to make any of it paid DLC though I wouldn't be suprised if they have to change their names and move to remote locations).Bottom line is, don't expect to be blown away or even impressed, but it's a nice concept and might eventually evolve into something worth half its price."
,Not Recommended,275850,24883607,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,GanderThePanda,"This game reminds me of Elite Dangerous with planets, the purpose of the game is to upgrade you and your ship to make you run/mine faster, until they add more it's not worth the asking price. Also the graphics aren't as great as the trailers show either.Probably worth it once it's on sale ~£15 and they've added more things to do."
76561198052452191,Not Recommended,275850,25160877,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,asthyril,Bordering on false advertising all the things the developer Hello Games said were going to be in this game but aren't.  Do not waste your money.
,Not Recommended,275850,24870079,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Paisley,"I didnt follow the game until release, but it still was disappointing.Planets are pretty much the same. Crafting and combat is just dull and annoying. The milestone notification coming up every five minutes.I would just play starbound instead of this."
,Not Recommended,275850,24870084,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,DeeDub,Game is fun and interesting but it has some serious performance issues. The lack of frames is decidingly terrifying and annoying. Also sometimes the game decides that it is just done running and will close without a waring so hopefully you've gotten in and out of your ship recently to save the game. Also heaven forbid you try ant Alt+Tab out of this game because then you are just inviting the worlds worst optimized game to literally poop the bed. You can't get back into it if you happen to alt tab away to do something so don't even try.Game needs some serious patching and updating. Thank goodness they delayed it another week for PC because I dread seeing what this would have looked like then.
,Not Recommended,275850,25064264,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,f975gt(a.k.a.97),"https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=uTTPlqK8AnYListen..... I want to love this game. And don't get me wrong. It is nice. There are ""relaxing"" parts to this game that certainly will make you like it. But..... THIS GAME IS EMPTY... THERE IS NOTHING BUT A SHELL OF WHAT WAS PROMISED JUST WEEKS AGO. Look. I want to love this game and hold it up there with the ""game of the year"" level games. But at this point. It's Minecraft in space... With no story and disappointment. Place...watch this review.. it's not long. And it may save you $60. I am waiting to see what is coming with the ""free doc's"" but..... There is so much missing form this game I am actually putting it down so that IF AND WHEN these things come I won't already be so done that I just don't care anymore.P.S. i was bored so i desided to check something today. 09/09/16. there are 4000 people playing this game at this moment. then there is spore. you remember spore.... old game. random stuff. and there are 3700 people playing..... at the same time.... so.... ya..... and then there is ARK.. 53000 people playing... 53000...... so.... let that sink in and just let the fans speak....."
,Not Recommended,275850,24984949,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Kenuty,"Played ps4 version then sold it off to see if the pc version could be any better, in terms of graphics ,fov and options yes but the game still suffers from being a poor port and sometimes stutters on my dual TITAN X. The real reason I thumbed this game down is not because the game doesn't have a slew of options that was talked aboutbut rather the game was paraded by sony as a TRIPLE A title when itis an early access/tech demo due to so much intense medicore gameplay elements. which is a true treason and a fine example of the Peter Polyneux effect. So ambitious to the point of not delivering up to it and many many of tthe features shown in past trailers or talked about is in the game at all, it is heart breaking for everyone..I would recommend this game for the casual/relaxed crowds or those that has never played survival/exploration games before and wants something really relaxing to play or those that never really followed the game for 2 years. Unless you like postcard simulator or can roleplay as a space photographer then this is a game for you otherwise wait for a price drop of what this game really is worth. I hope many people will learn from this hype experience and hopefully the game will update put in the missing features so that it deserves the ridiculous praise it gets from fanatics.Hopefully mods and updates to this game can make it better. MaybeMy Video reviewhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=js93gEHmpQcVideo of the hype and tthe lies and what the game really is promises made and broken  from Crowbathttps://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=3&v=A8P2CZg3sJQ(P..S if you think this video is not real, you are lieing to yourself)Pros+ The procedural Algorithim of the planets and creatures+The music+The weather effects+ Environments+ Mods on pc version to save gameI did not follow the game too much and these are my cons PLAYING the game. Afterwards I've seen the videos up top and realized how much material did not make it into the game at all. WowCons- Annoying button holding interface (Mod this out)- Repetitive mining and upgrading as the only gameplay element- Stale combat on ground and in space with really static AI- Very basic trade system and rep system that doesn't do much in galactic conflict- Lack of challenge to the game when you die. You can always repick up your body death location items and in space also. There will be pirates who are after your booty but they never actually take it... WTF?- Not a single planet is truly barren, they all have a building of some sort all 18 quantillan of them and so it loses the sense of being the first to explore the planet and loses its value in the sense of epic journey and exploration- Exploration ? What exploration? Every caves I have visited has a freakin dead end.- The procedural generated creatures are flawed, those majestic you see in the trailers might not be possible and this applies to planet also because once you see most of the biomes, the parts recycle itself way too much.- The ai is so lacking in this game it is incredible. Most of the creatures I've seen don't graze on grass or drink water or chase another species but they rather run around in circles. You can give them a treat and they will play with you but thats it- Your space ship is invincible, if you hit a space station head on you do not die, if you slam yourself into the planet you do not die, you can't drive your ship into the sun and die. Every damn ship feels exactly the same and  Only time you do die is when someone shoots you down.- out of 18 quantillian planets, you only encounter 3 sentient race in this entire damn game- No multiplayer of any kind and even if you upload creatures name it's just an online database. You cannot see each other in game at all even though this was something that was talked about during the entire process of this game with very vague mentions.- Tons of stuff missing that was talked about long ago.If you think I made all these up, Play the game for more than 40 hours and then tell me these aren't flaws to the game. I have seen 15 dollars games in early access with better gameplay.With all this factored in, this is not a triple A title but a rather overblown Indie title.Do you really want to see developers pulling  more stunt like this in the future?"
,Not Recommended,275850,24972300,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Temko,"No Man's sky promised a galaxy worth of adventure as deep and complex as the oceans. Sadly, it delivered a starsscape of waddling pools.Gameplay is not on steam but on GOG Version. Total gametime is 40 hours.Video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DGgM-ybOLw0Text:Lets start with the issues... because oh boy - are there issues. Most of those stem from two primary problems. First is the technical implementation and the second one is a design choice of ""console first"".From a PC Perspective the game has a multitude of crashes and FPS issues. With options breaking the game and even an GTX 1080 not able to pull a stable 60FPS. Many players couldn't even get it to run due to missing libraries and driver issues.The design problem stems from a PS4 choice in relation to the UI interaction. With little to no effort put into the PC. Scrolling in a menu seems to have been forgotten from the magical land of no mans sky and forbid the heavens if you tried to drag and drop in your inventory.Especially the inventory provided a TON of issues with both it's annoying use and limited size mostly hindered gameplay instead of enriching it.Speaking about inventory size, you'll be doing a lot of jumping back and forth and gathering materials time and again over and over because you cant carry enough with you. Out of fuel? Heh, go gather because no way in hell you could stock up on it. Need upgrades for your character ? Time to relinquish that inventory space you desperately need.Coupled with the massive number of items you 'll gather and no map to find trading posts, you'll be frustrated endlessly.While initially the space exploration sounds like great fun, by the 5th star system and 20th planet it all blends together an you mostly just stop caring and start following the blinking light to the next stop, only getting the bare minimum you need. Exploring is time consuming and bland, and the number of tech you find is often duplicate and thus a waste of time.All of this gets better the longer you play and the closer to the galactic core you get, but honestly, after 20 hours ""getting to the good part"" isn't solving the rest of the mundane survival experience that other games do better.The best part of the game in my eyes is the language system with words being learned one at a time and literally needing to figure out what aliens are saying.Overall, no mans sky isn't a terrible game, but it is flawed and in serious need of patching.So while I would recommend the experience for those who love survival / exploration games, i would only do so after they resolve the many many PC issues and only if they discount the title.Right now, this is one you might to hold of on."
76561198097946686,Not Recommended,275850,24949006,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,legomaster5669,"So, here we are. The verdict. Just for those who want my thoughts right now I would say that NMS is a game plagued with its own potential. The fact that a whole universe created by algorithims exists for one to explore does not mean that what is done there is irrelevant to the experience. What could have been is the real story of NMS.Gameplay:This is where the game suffers the most. Being a survival game as it is the expectation is to be monotonously collecting resources for some time, but the catch is that we do this for a later pay off ,whether it be a better weapon or a gameplay enhancement. But in NMS the only payoff ends up being better ways to collect resoureces which robs the player of any real reason to sit there and grind out those resources. I have no problem collecting things, however if the only payoff is better ways to get these pointless resources then why even bother.The Invintory:If you do decide to buy this game the aspect you may have most gripe with is its invintory. Not being weight based         creates many problems that would otherwise be averted like having to throw away a small object to fit half a ton of iron. Futher aggravating these issues is the poor way you have to manage these slots. You cannot even swap items around unless you have a free slot to use.NO Loading Screens:Big props to Hello for making this universe as seamless as it is. Aside from the opening screen you can go to other planets or even other galaxies without ever having to see a single floating action figure. Incorporating a feature of this magnitude really helps to keep players immersed in the universe they enter.The Survival aspect:I am conflicted on this as most survival games have something to this effect, only it seems way more prevalent in this game. Most everything in game has a meter that depletes after use like your, engines, hyperdrive, mining tool, gun, life support, and exosuit. It gets tedious to be walking around and always hear the game telling you to fill another meter with a slighly different material. A cure for this may have been to have some of these things be craftable like magazines for the rifle or auto filling meters from your invintory.Story:As this is a survival game I do not expext a great reason to do what I am doing but NMS provides a decent excuse to explore the universe through the Atlas you follow or just the goal of reaching the universes core.The Planets:Playing this game for as long as I have brings out one of the games big flaws in procedural generation, the variety. After exploring a few galaxies I can say that more pieces should have been put in the procedural generator. Going from planet to planet I noticed many things that were simple paint jobs over something I saw earlier like a rock that I swore I saw on the last planet only realize that I had ,only there it was orange and not blue. Having more unique pieces to place throughout the universe would have made this experience much more refreshing with each passing planet.Overall, NMS is the game plagued with its own potential. Personally ,having waited for this game since the start of this console generation I am sad not to be happily recommending this game to everyone I see. However facts are facts and NMS has serious flaws in basic survival genre gameplay that have to be ironed out before it can really even be called that. Having a universe of 18 quintillion planets to explore is meaningless if each one feels like the last and your only goal is to collect more resources for the sake of only that."
76561198210133415,Not Recommended,275850,29708165,Posted: 4 February,all,Donald Trump,Sean Murry lied this game is one of the worst games I have ever played.
76561197962868845,Not Recommended,275850,25024610,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Odd,"Let me start off by saying how hyped I was for this game. I tried so hard to make it an enjoyable experience for myself. For the first 15 hours you're going to absolutely love it but you will eventually realize that your experience playing up until then will continue to be what it is, and that is about it.37 hrs played, 60k light years from the center of the galaxy and now i'm stuck in a solar system which crashes my game regardless of what I do when I load the game up. I am heartbroken if that is how I can summarize my experience."
,Recommended,275850,27846344,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Talus,"The 1.1 update is amazing.  If you still have the game, give it another chance. I recommend it!1.1, sadly, is how this game should have launched, with the promise of more to come afterward.Great work Dev Team, keep it up!Edit(12/17/2016):I fell for the hype and purchased the game when it was nearly full price (I did use a coupon to lower the price before buying, because I never really buy games at full price). It was a mistake. The base game was great fun for about 4 hours, and then it fell apart when I started to see that the gameplay was overly repetative and the features were lacking.This update brought many features that brought me back and had me playing for many of the hours I refused to invest in the first version of the game due to the fact that it just felt tedious.I agree with many that the game should have been launched as a $20 or less indie game, rather than at a big budget cost.I also agree that the 1.1 update brings some items to the game that should have bee there to begin with. As I said, 1.1 is how the game should have launched... and add that to the edited in comment about $20 dollars or less being the pricepoint.They made a ton of mistakes in the marketing and launch of the game, however I have hope that it can still be made great long after the hype, and be enjoyable. I have hope that somehow they can patch in a large sum of content that might bring the value closer to the price point it launched at, however I know that is not very likely.I am not forgiving the horrible marketing of this game, and far too early featureless release of the game. I'm just hoping they can keep adding to the game that I already own, and continue moving it in a direction that brings it closer to the hyped promises that brought me to purchase it early on at launch.If only they had just called it an 'Early Access' alpha / beta, rather than a full release..."
,Not Recommended,275850,25063613,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Major_Warfare,"Lies, lies and lies around this game. Oh and look... instead of patches we a re most likely going to get paid DLC-s. ♥♥♥♥ Hello Games. My absolute last purchase from them"
76561198168000752,Not Recommended,275850,25216347,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,dead ringer,still waiting for the overall to be negative reviewseditfinally a negative overall review.now for the overwhelmingly negative reviewfinallymaybe someday they could make this game right???
76561198020394483,Recommended,275850,34758766,Posted: 5 September,all,The Unity Beast,They are forgiven now
,Not Recommended,275850,25062815,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,nuseone,I can only recommend this game if you can get it for less than $15 because that's about what its worth. I paid full price to support the guys that made it but i really regret it.Dont Believe the Hype
,Not Recommended,275850,34192548,Posted: 12 August,all,M. Doucet,"Coming up on 200 hours and the most recent patch undid nearly everything. I had played slowly and carefully, meticulously tracking the names of planets and galaxies I had visited, their conditions (firestorms, toxic rain), and which resources were available where. The Atlas Rising update renamed everything in the universe, unlearned all language I had unlocked, and changed my carefully selected home planet from beautiful tropics with ample renewable resources to a frigid wasteland.If I had known this game was a giant working beta I wouldn't have invested so heavily in it, but live and learn. What I've learned is not to recommend this game if months of thoughftul progress can be erased in a single, careless patch. Play at your own risk."
76561197991573356,Not Recommended,275850,25031879,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Antehn,"The price asked for what you actually get is insane, sure it has billions of planets, only downside is that they all feel and mostly look the same."
,Not Recommended,275850,25118165,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Ice_,"Do not buy.Simply because the final release of this product was no where near what was promised. Peter Molyneux is a saint compared to Hello Games face outwards at this point.Funny though how no one mentions:* Grant Duncan* Ryan Doyle* David ReamEverything is apparently on ""Sean Murray"". ""Yeah.."" (see what I did there?), he is a ♥♥♥♥ing jackass for lying in several interviews but he isn't the only one responsible for selling all the lies.So many promises, so little content. 18 billion randomized planets cannot weigh up to the need of actual gameplay content - sorry. It's all the same, a gazillion bases even on what you would call dead planets. You will continously find bases on every planet, like 500,000 of them and you can, if you want, progress in terms of upgrades on your starter planet - HELLO (games) huehuehue!I only see this ""game"" as an exploration simulator at this point. Valve should just pull this game off the list and give refunds to everyone because of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ promises and FAKE TRAILERS that were made.I so regret spending 60 EUR on this pos of a game, 60 EUR! What the hell? For what? Goat simulator can give you more content!♥♥♥♥ you Hello Games."
,Not Recommended,275850,24904217,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Finn55,There's potential here. Just not yet..- No multiplayer at all- Confusing UI and inventory management- FoV and sensitivity issues despite settings- Terrible flight handling (you can't crash)- Draw distance is awful (I don't understand why)- Feels awfully repetetive after such a short time playingI have requested a refund ($80 AUD) and will keep an eye on it develop.
76561198063512283,Not Recommended,275850,24982303,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,ejp722,"I have been waiting for this game forever in every E3 trailer they make it look like a vast beautiful galaxy with cool creatures all working within their own ecosystem, but the ui is different than the cool seamless one at e3 and the creatures have barely anything interesting i wanted to explore a beautiful world but even space engineers crappy lag planets are better than this i wanted to love this game, but sean murray who now says that promising the consumer a game without paid dlc is a naive take on things. the game hardly works and now he demands more money in the coming future. Hello Games and Sean Murray, you have let us PC gamers down."
,Not Recommended,275850,24941653,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Manjamanga,"It's a proof of concept, a tech demo. Most definitely not a game. Interesting, but not exactly fun.Feels like they plastered a layer of poor gameplay elements over a walking simulator to make it commercially viable.The gameplay elements present in NMS would make 0.1% of an actual game.If you exclude the ""infinite procedural universe"" bit, there's nothing to see.Yes, the universe is impressive and fascinating, but without actual gameplay to give it purpose, it's pointless and a gimmick.It's baffling that this game managed to disappoint someone who had no specific expectations.€60 for this is an unbelivable rip-off."
76561198022187034,Not Recommended,275850,25127670,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Selawik,Not what was promised or advertised.
76561197972390343,Not Recommended,275850,24884957,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,walkRx,"I have had no real issues concerning performance, gtx 770 and core i5 3570k, 16gb ram still trucking after all these years, max settings, no real stutters except during a takeoff here and there. While I do recommend this game because I feel as though, at least a part of it, can pique interest in any sci fi fan, I do not believe it is worth the $60 right now, maybe 29.99 or 19.99, but there is simply not enough content to be worth this much money.How is there not enough content in this endless universe? It has an upgrade, mine, repeat loop that will keep you interested for a little while but without things like base building, full multiplayer support, more customization options, avatars, etc, it is simply not enough to warrant the price tag, essentially everyone paid $60 to see what a truly endless universe looks like in a game as early as possible, and honestly it is something amazing to go through, but it just needs more, and who knows if it will ever get it."
,Not Recommended,275850,25061824,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Fira,"I'm afraid that, at least currently, I can't recommend No Man's Sky.It's very saddening to note that there's some very interesting procedural generation algorithms that make for interesting sights, be it in terms of landscape, ships, or more... but to me that's currently the only actually interesting aspect of the game.Even as a space exploration game, there just isn't enough to do. There's no drive to actually move forward, save for finding techs and improving your ship. Did I mention that the resources and language systems are a total ripoff from a mobile game, Out There ?There's also the launch fiasco: I've not followed the game prior to launch myself, but I was dead certain there was Multiplayer included. Turns out, it's something that the game's marketing won't admit openly, but as with most features that have been shown in what seems to be prerecorded scripted movies posing as gameplay, these features simply don't exist at all, or at least not currently. I didn't have anyone in particular to play it with, but it's still kind of a letdown...As some have mentionned in other reviews prior, NMS would no doubt have been one of the best games of the year if it hadn't been marketed like this, and instead been sold off as Early Access for 20$. But currently, I can't agree to support a company that almost openly lies and sells 60$ a game that they won't even admit is unfinished. Maybe if they did...I've been on the fence about getting this refunded, which would have been my first time ever on Steam.I choose not to ask for one, but I sure as hell hope Hello Games will manage to move forward, and maybe stop lying, both outright, and through bad marketing, to their fans and customerbase."
,Not Recommended,275850,25189249,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Yiyyi,"I honestly did not follow this game very closely through it's development cycle. Of course I heard things, and I knew how much some people werew looking forward to it.I got the game seeing that one of my good buddies was playing it, and I wanted a game that we could play, if not together, than one that we could talk about together while we both played.It was fun for the first, maybe, 6 hours or so. I upgraded my ship, my multi-tool, learned an alien language. But after that, I just didn't feel any reason to keep on doing anything in the game. Nothing actually lead anywhere.I came in with mildly high hopes, and left feeling very very disappointed."
76561198299678523,Recommended,275850,34984153,Posted: 15 September,all,elkayeq,"Initially i wrote a negative review - specifically because the flight controls were turned into garbage...until i realized - there HAS to be a better way.  After a quick look around - not in the ""Controls"" section but under ""General"" i found it...the old flight mechanism can be re-activated.Conclusion - don't jump to conclusions.  I was totally wrong in my previous review so i've deleted it and am re-posting.Please forgive my idiocy.  Yes, i can be short-sighted especially when game updates change my controls without first asking me if i want them changed.NMS is WELL WORTH IT now.  THIS is the game that should have been launched.  I apologize to the creators and devs for my harsh comments and hope this review gets at least one new player to give it a try!-LK"
76561198063438143,Not Recommended,275850,24896578,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Major Quark,"First review here we go. (Note english is not my native language)I went into this without high expectation while still being hyped cause it looked interesting.After playing it for 1 hour it already felt repetitive cause I needed money and started on a bad planet, so of to grinding.Excluding my bad luck you will still need to grind alot if you want to get that 35 million units ship and that kinda what a fair bit of the game comes down to. To find a planet that you can harvest alot of materials on to make the money you need to buy better gear.You explore multiple planets that all look kinda the same, only difference is colors and plants, the surface and animals (as far as I've seen) all look very similair.Game runs constant 30 fps with some spikes every now and then on my GTX 760 OC with i7 4.0 Ghz (forgot the rest of the CPU) and I only had 1 crash happen in 2.3 hours of gameplay, so no real problems over there compared to others. I put the max fps on 60 but it still wouldn't go above 30 even on lowest settings.And then there is the €59,99 pricetag, there is far from enough content for that price. Devs said there are gonna be content updates but no one knows when those will come out.So unless you really like grindy exploration games I will not recommend this game. Don't buy this game until it get's more content added and/or goes on a big sale cause as of the current state it's not worth €60,-Incase you need a game here is a good replacement for a lot less money with more content:- Subnautica if you want to explore and see completely different areas and actually having to survive (gather food, not getting eaten) instead of putting some more plutonium in your suit.- Space Engineers if you want to gather resources, build/design your own ship (which could be massive) and explore the universe or different planets with said self designed ships. Edit: and has multiplayer.PS I'm a science person, so I just gotta say this. Why do blackholes teleport you? why do they not just straigh up kill you when you come near them. This doesn't make any sense, also there are no gas giants or variations in suns."
,Not Recommended,275850,25202188,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Wingcommander,"Overhyped, doesnt live up to the expectations I had based off of what was PROMISED... I tried really hard to grind a bit and actually get into this game but the longer I've played the more cheated I've felt as this game simply isnt fun to play... Its repetitive, boring and overall completely lacking in so many features..."
,Not Recommended,275850,24857134,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,xumbre.tamsor,I'm so glad I spent $60 to look at a crash screen that consists of mildly aesthetically pleasing and colorful nebulas and a white screen. I've done everything Hello Games has suggested and dowloaded the patch. I'm still enjoying a ♥♥♥♥ing CRASH SCREEN. Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together and fix this before I return your turd of a game.
76561198001964498,Not Recommended,275850,25033655,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,jc_lvngstn,"Lost interest after a few hours, when I realized it's an incredibly shallow experience. Worth...$20, $30 maybe, but damn sure not 60. The developers should have made sure it was clear that the game boils down to jumping from repetitive planet to repetitive planet, until you reach the center. But details were intentionally vague. Sad.This has reinforced a valuable lesson. Wait until AFTER release to buy, regardless of how big the hype train is."
,Not Recommended,275850,24845796,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,temka,"Can't get though the white ""Initialise"" screen..."
76561198031077746,Not Recommended,275850,25024451,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,eclipsed22,"I think the real issue with this game is that Hello games miscalculated the intelligence of gamers.  The complicated third grade ""algorithms"" in the puzzles are priceless!Edit, after the last few updates, the game is playable.  However, it does not tell you how to do anything.  Base building is a joke, and frankly I'm not sure how it got past QA.  Quests are all over the place.  I've seen variables, which is the code, in the backend, come up for certain items in the interface,instead of the name  The poor user interface makes it all worse.  Doing anything is a chore.  I honestly can't recommend this wreck of a game to anyone until the developors spend some time on cleaning it up."
,Not Recommended,275850,25100388,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,BL41z -Монахи-,"What can i say that hasn't been said already; this game sucks.Exploring planets gets old quickly, and although fighting other ships in space can be fun, it can also get annoying when you're trying to the galactic core, AND ON THAT TOPIC, ♥♥♥♥♥EST ENDING EVER, no innovation, no twist, no thought into the ending, I bought this game hoping for some fun, which I had for a few hours, but then became bored."
76561197974314288,Not Recommended,275850,25190569,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,WISETORSK,Do you like empty promises? Do you love doing the same thing over and over and getting nothing for it? Do you live only to be dissapointed? Then this game is for you! 60$ worth of dissapointment.
76561198065665410,Recommended,275850,34186632,Posted: 12 August,all,Nomad,After the release of 1.3 and and the sale price I can highly recommend this game. With the amount of hours I have in this game it is safe to assume I have enjoyed this game from the start but I have never reviewed or recommended it...I couldnt. Now I can. Scoop this up while its cheap and you will have tons of hours of playtime.
76561198067825017,Not Recommended,275850,24846125,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Macaroon,As of right now every time I start the game in about 15 seconds that game crashes. I am hoping that they fix it soon but before some updates come out I wouldn'y buy it.
,Not Recommended,275850,24987953,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,ᅚExecutioner,"Not worth 60 dollars as is.If you followed the claims at all, it's just one big game of lies. I have had some fun in this game, heard some rumoured 'underwhelming' spoilers about the center, haven't ventured to it yet.This game has SO MUCH POTENTIAL! It honestly seems like they over promised, didn't have any time to fix some of their bugs for most of their featrures, or just didn't feel like pushing it back. Honestly they should have just done the whole 'early access', it would be 'worlds' less dishonest. If their patch notes are to be believed, they are working on things to make this less monotenous.The lack of any actual reply to the players claiming to have been in the exact same spot, is just mind blowing. This should have been an early access, would have given leeway to flesh out all the MANY missing features. Resources aren't that diverse, there are a very small fraction of the periodic table available (in terms of numbers). If you want to get this game: WAIT. They may add some new features, the price will also be more fitting.May update this upon reaching center.Edit:'SORT OF' SPOILER FOR: IS IT WORTH IT TO REACH THE CENTER?--------It's the equivilant of a huge middle finger with a trolololol song. The journey takes a very long time with warp drive upgrades that will consistently break every time you enter a black hole, MANY, MANY jumps will be required to reach it.-----"
76561198128028909,Not Recommended,275850,25079196,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,[UESC] Abatos,A very repetitive game where you have little to no agency. 6/10 Not recommended.The creatures in the game are nothing like in the trailers. They're gross and terrible with very basic animation cycles. No faction battles. Atlas (the black diamond with the red orb in it.) Is an absolute joke. And getting to the centre of the galaxy is the most insulting and disappointing thing i've ever witnessed in a game.
76561198034060391,Not Recommended,275850,25200331,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Leif Gw,incredibly disappointed
,Not Recommended,275850,24874926,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Alvazia,"No Man's Sky is too overpriced my opinion this game is worth for $30 or so, the game itself is so laggy, there's some issues with the FPS (some people may doesn't have the issues), but that's doesn't really bother me, the issue I have is only I want to play with my friends but ya know this game is aiming for the solo player to explore the galaxy by them (alone)..."
,Not Recommended,275850,25060893,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Zawie,Way over hyped. Hello games completely lied to us. It's like having a million plates of pasta with no sauce.
76561198117653540,Not Recommended,275850,25080922,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Daddy,"No Mans Sky is like a tech demo for a better game. It has what can surround a cool thing you can do, but the main thing isnt there. It has everything and more, EXCEPT something to specifically aim toward. Dont buy it until Sean Murray stops bashfully smiling at the ground and starts looking up and giving us all of the game he invisioned."
76561198016997891,Not Recommended,275850,25407214,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,spifomie,No mans lie. Whole paragraphs of promised features stated across multiple interviews and videos even days before the release of the game are not even present in a buggy form. They just simply don't exist in the game.A title developed by a small indie team doing indie work that has a AAA price tag. Do not purchase unless on 50-75% sale.No refunds available either. Should've bought through GOG.
76561197961264306,Not Recommended,275850,25412496,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Rifled,"Insane: Definition; Continuing to repeat the same tasks with no noticable results or outcome. Synonym; No Mans Sky.If there is anything I can say about NMS is that it simulates the emptiness of space and the monotonous repetiton of survival very well.  A huge ground breaking game with not a whole lot in it. NMS is best played casually at your own pace a little bit at a time.  If you like story, structure and action, NMS is not for you.   If you are looking for a space sim, this is not it.  If you like setting your own goals and just exploring, then NMS will fit you well.  Out of the 60+ hours I have spent in NMS, maybe 10 were fun.Surviving at first is fun.  Fixing your ship up, upgrading your exosuit and multi-tool, finding bigger ships is all fun at first.  The first time you get off your planet and start discovering new planets, new systems.  But after a while every planet starts to look the same, hey that one creature has two more legs than the last one.There are a few really nice planets. A lot of barren dead ones.  Again, realistic space. I think in 200+ I visited during my trip there were 2 that I enjoyed and a handfull of memorable creatures.  The rest is a blur.  Getting to the center of the galexy quickly becomes a boring chore.  Refuel, Repair, Warp, Repeat.  Do this for 24+ hours and you will get there.  Finding that one resource you need to fix your broken hyperdrive from the last black hole will give you a nice fustration headache.NMS is stable now in its latest build.  Before the patches this game was an absolute nightmare of instability.Get this game on sale if you want it.  It may be huge, and eat a lot of your time, but the fun factor is just not there.  I wish there was a neutral recommendation but I have to say for $60, no.PS. I never did find a sentinal walker."
,Not Recommended,275850,32396865,Posted: 13 June,all,infestedchris,"Should of been the few that got their money back on this. All this game is, is flying around to other planets minning almost the same stuff over and over so you can keep your thrusters going on your ship. The game transitions between far away and close up objects is horrible. It just appears pixel by pixel before your eyes then popping into higher rez objects as you move closer to things. It looks so bad. You can be 10 feet away and see a plant then move in close 1 foot from the plant and watch all this artifacting and odd graphic transitions change the shape of this plant. Now imagine that times everything on the planet. It just has an odd way of displaying the objects without it looking fake or popping in from thin air as if you cant see past 30 ft."
76561198004986131,Not Recommended,275850,25001620,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,quinner281,"I have to agree with Squirrely1337 on this one - ""a mile wide and an inch deep.""  I want(ed) to love this game so badly, and I constantly feel like I'm on the edge of doing so, but I can never quite get there.  The scenery can be great, but it's far from seamless or immersive.  The exploration can be engaging, until you start questioning the point of it when you keep finding the same blueprints 20-30 sites in a row.  The combat seems exciting, until you realize every pirate has two or three friends, and can destroy you with a fart.I wish I could love this game, but I also wish I only had 10hrs logged so I could return it.  One can live with the graphical hitches & occasional CTD, but unless future (FREE!) patches improve gameplay, buyer beware."
76561197970290777,Recommended,275850,34171398,Posted: 11 August,all,Zepharus,Its time to give Hello games props with the Atlas update... if you dont youre just being an♥♥♥♥♥  It clear that SONY pushed Hello to release this game way before it was ready... like a year before.  Murry went recluse becasue it was killing him that his labor of love was so universally panned.  Dude and his team went to work!  The results are nothing short of impressive dedication to his game.  GIVE THIS DUDE HIS DUE and review the game positively and BUY.  Color me impressed with his dedication.This is a Beautiful game now with tons of things to do.  Ill see you planteside...HIGHLY RECOMMEDED GAME
,Not Recommended,275850,25074274,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Maze,No Man's Refund
,Not Recommended,275850,25334052,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Greenleaf,you'd have a better experience if you just got a hammer and smashed your pc into tiny pieces.
76561198134073772,Not Recommended,275850,25506537,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,simpso,"I for one had only heard about this game in passing. Not really knowing what it was untill close to release where advertising went into overdrive.I was won over by the premise and a few videos i watched which made the game look fantastical.A sort of never ending game of discovery, with this generation tech which would generate a never ending mix of planets.Sadly the game didnt live up to my expectations. For a game bosting a crazy number of unique planets, each one sort of feels familiar. I mainly put this down to the small number of assets i beleived the developers created when putting the game together.Travel one planet see a red mushroom. Travel 4000 light years away.. see the same mushroom but yellow and a bit bigger.The limitations of the game and that, by what should have been expected by a small development team, come through pretty quick.For a game which is all about exploring the never ending wonders of space. Planets all orbit a very similar sun. once down on the planet, neighbouring stars or planets have no effect on it.No gravity system seems in place either, so object whcih are half destroyed will just hang in mid air.The total lack of any goals or target feels a big mistep also. I would have totally been fine if i was expecting to find wonderous things or bump into to some random event but sadly each planet feels the same.Sure they may look different, different landscape, different sky colour. But you will always come accross the only marked targets in the worlds of empty stations and language pods.In which are all pointless to an extent.Learn the language to be able to deal with aliens who will sell you items to upgrade your ship/guns to be able to move onto the next planet with another very similar NPC waiting to sell you the same thing.Its for these reasons i cant see any joy in playing this game any further and why i am recommending others not to purchase it either.Purhaps in the future if a mission structure were introduced, i could be swayed to enjoy this more. In its current state though sadly the game is a bit of a let down and a missed opportunity to create some amazing."
76561197976598446,Not Recommended,275850,24979640,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Happy Reaper,"Please run away from this game, this game is still in Alpha, it's before greenlight,Planet explorer's had more content when they first put themself in Alpha,This video does it so well.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4KxRp8jeliQ"
76561198034430444,Not Recommended,275850,25761050,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,WintersAura,"I was all for this game, then I found out what was in the center"
,Not Recommended,275850,24888107,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Johannis,"I meet all system requirements that are listed on Steam.  However the game wouldn't launch- so I tried about a dozen different things (installing numerous drivers, etc).  Finally I take to Google and start looking through different results for a solution- until I finally get to a tweet response from the company (I am not a regular twitter user).Since when do publishers post additional system requirements that were not listed at the purchase site on a tweet!You need OpenGL 4.5 in order to play this game.  Although my video card exceeds the minimum requirement (per their below mentioned requirements) it does not support OpenGL 4.5.Definitely would not recommend."
76561198054090532,Not Recommended,275850,24892515,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Flintstones Telephone!,"Runs ok at max settings but doesn't look that great.  Menus and gameplay generally really clumsy and counterintuitiveThere may be infinite planets, but really there are a few different planet types and everything is just a different color and shape.  There is a staggering lack of variety. The spacestations look huge from the outside, but inside there are only a couple small rooms, one alien with slightly different clothes than the last alien you met, and all the interiors look the same.  So where is the game? All you can do is explore differently colored planets and walk around and mine a few materials.  If you've seen any gameplay videos on youtube, just image that on repeat forever.  2 hours in and already it feels repetitive and shallow.  It was fun for about 2 hours so I'd say its worth the price of a movie ticket and thats about it."
76561198110691175,Not Recommended,275850,30479990,Posted: 12 March,all,Ugnak,"I got No Mans Sky this weekend on sale and got to say, this game is not bad. It definitly is not the best game. It it also definitly not worth getting at 60$, there is simply not enough content to justify that price. I got it for 40$ on sale so I said why not.This is the type of game that will only appeal to a specific audience. If you do not like gathering materials a lot or exploring do not get this game as you will not be satisfied. But I am a space fan so I actually quite like this gamePros:- Each Planet felt unique- Soundtrack is amazing- Updates are for free and dev's did not abandoned the game- Flying in space is fun- Building bases and entering new settlements- Environment feels very real- Sound effects are amazing- Each planet has unique animalsCons:- Can get repetative- Game is somewhat poorly optimized (will sometimes get fps below 30)- Game lacks a purpose to do things- Crafting system- Flying feels limited and linear, like it will tell you where you want to go at times.- Skyboxes can sometimes look upright ugly.Conclusion:Overall this game is fun but at the same time they need to add more to do with it, you never get any inspiration to continue to do anything. If this game was 30 or 20$ it would be forgivable but because of it's full 60$ it needs to be compared to full third party games out there and it comes out short. Who do I reccomend this game for? I recommend it for people that enjoy space games and exploration, if your not into that you will not find this game fun."
,Not Recommended,275850,25099207,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Godspeed,I feel i have been Robbed.Hope someone will lawsuit this company.Game Review with one word: Scam
76561198041054229,Not Recommended,275850,25198814,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Gray,Congrats on making Spore 2
76561198167394879,Not Recommended,275850,25017647,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Green Elephant,"Honestly, I was truly hyped about this game, thinking it was going to be something innovative and beautiful, craving the sensation of being just me and the stars. After the release, the dissapointment was enormous. I really tried to like this game the way it is, trying to figure out a way to enjoy it but it is simply too damn simplistic, to put it in more elegant words...The sensation of loneliness is nonexistent. The whole Universe has been colonised, aparently, by different kinds of aliens which couldn't care less about your presence, making you feel like you are very late to the party. Everything has been already discovered in this universe and you are simply a tourist.The landscape isn't that impressive because the game trains the player to be on the lookout for resources permanently, thus ruining most of the gameplay.The animals have absolutely no AI and do not differ that much from planet to planet. The colors change a bit and there you go, you got a new species!The star systems have absolutely nothing in common with reality, planets being ridiculously close to one another, asteroids are excessive, gas giants are absent...In the end, the main problem this game has is that it becomes repetitive in short time and that it lacks complexity, thus becoming increasingly annoying the more you play. A total dissapointment.Verdict: MediocreRating: 5.5/10"
,Not Recommended,275850,24879694,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,YOUAINTSCARMAN,"I highly anticipated this game but kept my expectations very realistic. This game is about exploration, it's about a vast number of planets littered across galaxies. It's about discovering flora and fauna, I get it. I get what the game is. I understand what the game is all about. I just wish I could say that in practice, this game is as interesting as the theory and thought of doing it. The ""combat"" felt bland from what I played, the planets I explored seemed quite bland as well. I understand in a randomly generated world, not every world is incredibly interesting. However, when I played this game, the experience I had could be boiled down into-Find rocks to shoot, shoot those rocks-Use rocks to make a thing that powers your stuff (suit, ship parts)-Run out of power in things that need power-Continue to look for things for power while using power-WAIT LOOK a giraffe with wings.. okIn summary, the game was very ambitious and sounded promising. In practice the very inspired/ing take on survival game with the main focus being exploration was an incredible idea, however the random generation means that things are only based on mathematics and randomization makes for a very uninspired feeling title.Also, it's just not that interesting, they give you an incredible world to do things in, but nothing to do in that world."
76561198079335824,Recommended,275850,34205052,Posted: 12 August,all,Zowieanna Zanthia,"NO MAN'S SKYNO MAN'S SKYis an exploration, space, survival style game, its NOT a game that everyone will enjoy. I can say this, the game so far has some very pretty planets at times, and other times the planets can be barren meaning planets you land on have nothing good to see, and they can be dangerous with low oxygen levels OR very cold/hot/toxic & so on. Main aim in this game is to survive, discover & farm out plenty differant resources, all while exploring & discovering plants & creatures you come across, some are friendly if you feed them some NOT so friendly plants included, though I have NOT feed a plant yet!. You will need these resourses to craft, repair, replenishing your weapon & ship & exosuit also for upgrading & trading, & im sure theres much more. You can also stay on a planet, if you like that particular planet OR you can leave and find a better planet, its all up to the players discretionsWatch out for the centinals drones if you farm to much, they will attack you so be prepared ;)When you first start out with the game, you will find your stranded on a planet that could be toxic as in my case, with a damaged ship, you will have set tasks to carry out so you can repair your ship, and leave the planet. Watch your exosuit and health gauges, if they start to get very low use your scanner, & try find your ship to jump back into, OR find a cave OR building so you can replenish BUT watch the lower white health gauge, you will need to find health canisters OR a mineral it requires to replenish. YES it can be confusing at first with the way the inventry and features are layed out, this can confuse and frustrate alot of players the most, as it does with me. BUT with trial and error and more playing, you will start to understand and remember how things work with in the game. Im still learning myself :PIm quite new to this game, and im also very surprised my laptop can even run it, when it shouldnt. I do have all settings set  low with 30 framerates set in as well, my framerates do flutuate while playing. I still can play and enjoy the game nicely, so no complaints from me :) others would not tolerate these low framerates, but Im not bothered by them :PThere is still alot you can explain about the game, but I just cant cover everything here, im still new and learning myself. All I will say is give the game a chance, its not terrible and its not the best game. I like exploring and discovering and looking for new things to see, so this game is right up my alley except for the complicated crafting elements which I will learn as I continue to play and progress I hope. BY the way ,you start out with limited inventry space, so inventry on both exosuit and ship fill up fast as mine now has.I need to work out what to do next?PRICEWISE: I feel this game should be more a $20 to $30 game at RRP not the Currant $59.99usRRP. SO BEST buy when on sale for a VERY decent discount, as I do honestly feel alot of players will soon get very bored with a game like this, YOU WILL BE GRINDING ALOT believe me, BUT i am one of those people that really dont mind grindy games if they are funP.S. Hello GamesPlease add some trading cards, nice badges & backgrounds & some VERY nice emoticons please, bout time this game had some now I think ;D"
,Not Recommended,275850,25021724,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Jenko,This is without doubt a terrible waste of time and money.Great concept. Poorly executed.The first few hours are fun to explore and name things... but then you realise... The whole game is just that ... on repeat.... with no progression...If you do progress... You actually don't get anything... You just go to another dimension and start again.Don't waste your money.
,Not Recommended,275850,24846086,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Bishop Moe,Utter♥♥♥♥♥♥i called it bigger letdown than spore
,Not Recommended,275850,24853493,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Dr. λᵐᵉʳᶤᶜᵃ ☭ 🗽,"The stuttering is incredibly annoying and even when the game says it is running at a high framerate it feels sluggish.Game has crashed a couple times just from launching.  Pop in is horrible and the lack of LOD/draw distance control on a procedural PC game is inexcusable.Both AA options are garbage and jaggies are everywhere, almost like they don't even work.The textures are blurry even on highest settings.The FOV, while nice to have the ability to change it, is still too low even at 100.Edit Aug. 26- Stuttering has been fixed in recent patches and FOV can be adjusted further through config edits and modifications.  However adjusting FOV beyond 100 causes other graphical issues.  AA can be fixed through mods as wellAs a big proponent of procedurally generated content and space exploration games I wanted this to be good and worth the money, sadly this game is not worth $60. I would recommend this game if it were under $25 for what it offers but at it's current price and in it's current state don't buy it.  If/When the price drops and bug fixes are brought out then I will change this review to recommended.At least it runs better than Fallout 4 ¯\_(ツ)_/¯Update:After playing for nearly 2 days of time the game decided to no longer load my saved game.  Not only have I wasted time and got nowhere now all my progress is lost."
,Not Recommended,275850,24870087,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,sabishii,"performance is unforgivably poorcan't recover from alt-tabwindow title is ""Application"" like when you start a new Visual Basic projectsloppy sloppy sloppy"
76561198041617490,Not Recommended,275850,25258492,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Grape,"Nothing as advertised, runs terribly, boring after a while. Avoid at all costs."
,Not Recommended,275850,24846084,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Everec,"No stable 60fps on GTX 980 TI in SLI with settings on High and on 3440x1440p. Crazy lags all the time, really unplayable. Even tho they kind of added 21:9 support, the UI is still stretched and on 1440p it is super blurry. Sorry but for this price tag, I had to refund this."
76561197961220452,Not Recommended,275850,25079184,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,legend^fallen,I can't believe I wasted money on this game.Do yourself a favor and save your money.For the love of all that is holy.
,Not Recommended,275850,25376149,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,ModelVillain,"The worst example of bait and switch in any game I've ever played.  Numerous broken mechanics, bugs, crashes, and performance issues.  Caveat emptor."
76561198218188345,Not Recommended,275850,25015753,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Funky.Alex,"As of now the game is not a 60$ one. Bugs, crushes, repetitive, no multiplayer and paid DLC down the road so that you can play the game first talked about. Even the survival elements are not so great. The only thing going for the game is the vastness of it, but that vastness with nothing to do is going to kill the fun from it all.All and all NOT worth it by a long shot."
76561198011428216,Not Recommended,275850,25094300,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Watchmakermaker,this game a tech demo that got way out of handi got my money refunded
,Not Recommended,275850,25099232,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Xeano,"Played it for 2 hours lost interest, nothing kept me compelled to keep playing."
,Not Recommended,275850,25224275,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,BillGatez / Blueƒoxx™,Should have listend to thge reviews.With promoted content no being there and what is therebecame repetive quick.So i installed the trainer only to be disapointedby the ending if you can call it one.I will never buy anothere Hello game product againAnd i sugest you do the same.
,Not Recommended,275850,25006253,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Quoth the Raven,"I wanted to love this game... But so much of what they led us to believe didn't happen. This is a 20-30 dollar game. There are a lot of bugs and mechanical annoyances that it just becomes a bit frustrating. But there are some moments I really enjoy exploring. Yet the animals are all variations on themselves.I truly hope they decide to add more content and fix all this buggy crap, after all its a 60 dollar game. At this point I think Sean Murray has a very punchable face."
76561198119766797,Not Recommended,275850,33737115,Posted: 22 July,all,krazykilaz5000,"What's there to say about this game that hasn't already been said? When I first got this game, I was obsessed with it. I thought it was the game to beat all games. Then, as I slowly started playing more and more, the game started to get more tedious and repetitive. Now, don't get me wrong, I LOVE Space. I just don't like this game. It was a breathtaking experience for the first 5 hours maybe, but after that, It just got repepitive and boring. What makes it even worse is the ending.--SPOILER--WARNING--YOU SHOULD READ IT THOUGH SO YOU KNOW WHAT YOU'RE GETTING YOURSELF INTOYOU CAN SKIP TO THE END IF YOU REALLY DONT WANT TO SEE ITThis has to be the WORST ending to ANY GAME I have EVER seen in all my years of gaming. In this game, you travel from planet to planet in search of fuel so you can finally reach the shiny core in the center of your Galaxy. Do you wanna know how you're repayed for it? You just start the game over again! Yep! You did all that hard work for nothing! You literally are in the same situation as you were in at the beginning of the game! There's not only that though, as even the second main quest of the game is pointless. When you finally finish the quest for the Atlas, it gives you the option to birth a new star. Sounds cool right? Not really. You dont even get to SEE the star. It's just... there. You also will never know where it is, or if you accidentally stumble upon it. Doesn't sound so cool anymore, right?--END--SPOILERS--Now for what I would rate this game.As a HUGE space (and space game) fan, this is the biggest dissapointment of a game I have ever found. It's not only bad among space games though, it's also bad as far as ALL games go. This game has a terrible 1/10 for me, and for nearly everyone alike. Hello Games really messed up bad on this one.1/10 - Worst game I've ever played"
76561197986206942,Not Recommended,275850,25261303,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Azzy,"It's sad that the developers lied about the content of the game . I played it a good bit . Stayed in the first universe for a long time getting my suit and ship upgraded thinking that was the only thing about the game I didn't like was the poor inventory . Unfortunately that made my game time go up to much for a refund . Beyond the initial universe there is no reason to explore further . The wonder of new animals , planets , and aliens goes away when the scripting reuses itself almost immediately. And have fun resetting the game every 10 mins to do away with the mountains of issues . For me the biggest being a sudden slow motion effect leaving you to crawl to a saving point for a few minutes before alt f4 spamming and reloading the game . There's withheld content , presumably for a dlc you have to buy separate  , and the no loading screen thing is very cute .. Instead you get a color screen with no loading bar . Also the preorder ship made it so I couldn't even experience the atlas path .. So there goes the only story the game had to offer .. Not that I missed much I hear . Makes me sick that again game developers would let big money like Sony push(/rush) their small impressive project to the 60$ main title market and only have lies to back up what they where offering ."
,Not Recommended,275850,25599424,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Maximus,repetitive.
76561198016396106,Not Recommended,275850,25365520,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Yellow Caribou,"Not really much to say. Sean Murray flat-out lied about 99% of the features in the game, right up until even a month before release. This type of behavior should be illegal as it constitutes fraud. He made claims, not hints or allusions to things, but claims on national television of things that the game had that was nothing but complete, flat-faced lies."
,Recommended,275850,34186828,Posted: 12 August,all,illage2,The game has had two massive updates since launch and its now more in line with what people wanted.  Not worth full price but I would recommend it when it goes on sale.Compared to what the game was like at launch I actually feel like I always have something to do and I'm not just wandering around aimlessly and getting bored.
,Not Recommended,275850,24997705,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Namikai,"If you try to dive into No Man's Sky, you're gonna end up cracking your skull open, even though the sign out side of the pool says ""Pool Depth: 15 ft."" and you jumped off of a diving board.What I'm trying to say is, No Man's Sky is a huge disappointment that is in no way worth $60."
76561198312534406,Not Recommended,275850,24845958,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Hi i'm Chris Hanson,game won't even start
76561198131781687,Not Recommended,275850,25225958,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Narrathoth,Not worth the price of he game. Nearly all promised features are missing from the game. Biggest gaming lie of the year so far.
76561198077648402,Not Recommended,275850,24845907,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Nicholas Fricke,lies all lies ;-;
,Not Recommended,275850,26945939,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,hodie,"This is my nomination for the Steam Award's ""Most Disappointing Game All of Time"", it most definitely deserves your vote! Come help No Man's Sky win it's 51st and arguably most important and coveted award."
76561198129632912,Not Recommended,275850,24990969,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,hanbananaballs,"Yeah i'd pay $15, not $60. Game crashed on me twice, hardly any save points so i lost all my progress and runs♥♥♥♥♥♥on PC unless youve got a SERIOUS rig set up. Great idea but poorly executed. I requested a refund."
76561198024313680,Not Recommended,275850,33694335,Posted: 21 July,all,Kuronekko reverse,"This is to anyone with an AMD Card, the Devs have abandoned AMD entirely in their support, I've tried everything I can do to get it to work with my AMD and no chance, full reinstall of game, drivers, clearing caches, safemode boots, everything. Do not buy this game under any circumstances if you use AMD, the graphics bugs are far too many to list, and they are ALL severe: zero colour texture shades, no sky (ironic, but seriously, there is no 'sky' you just see through to any nearby ships booster trails and planet outlines, and they fill up the sky with heavy bloom that you can't turn off) as well as horrendous colours for the world are the main bugs. Absolutely do not buy."
76561198098555829,Not Recommended,275850,25599080,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,MastaPDiddyMan,"Blatent false advertising. The trailers and gameplay, as well as Sean Murray's untruthful or extremely vague answers as to what would actually be in the game were completely misleading.Lesson learned: Never pre-order a game ever again, or have a chance at being extremely dissapointed."
,Not Recommended,275850,25079139,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,John Rambo,"If the game won't deliver what was promised I can't change my recomendation.It is not a bad game, but they need to come forward and apologize for all the lies, compensate and set up a path for the game. In the meantime it is a no for me."
76561198027107778,Not Recommended,275850,25270606,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,stopmojim,"I have played the game for 34 hours and like it a lot, even in it's present unfinished state. But, sadly, I cannot recommend this game...yet. I ran into a bug or two and I was one of those people that crashed after the HG logo, but those things didn't put me off the game until a few days ago. I log onto my account and everything is gone. Everything. No saves, no discoveries, no progress. The game had reset to the very beginning. I wrote support, but so far nothing there either. Now, I don't know if I should wait for support to see if my save files can be restored or should I start another game? Will the game do this again after many hours of progress? Frustrating beyond words. I still show 34 hours of play and have my steam achievments, but starting from scratch leaves me a bit demotivated. I would not reconmmend buying this game until this and other major faults are repaired and maybe a bit more content is added as well."
76561197964426446,Not Recommended,275850,25071568,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Laeppa,"I cannot recommend this game mainly due to it's lack of content and repetitiveness at the moment.NMS gets so repetitive after the first hour it's insane. Many of the things that were promised to us by the devs aren't even in game. You cannot forge alliances with different races and there is no huge variety in planets. Yes the planet's are different, but it feels they're lazily different... It's almost like on every planet the flora and minerals are the same but the colors change and that's it. Sometimes there's water, sometimes it's a purple wasteland. Heck, you can't even rename your ship like they've promised.It was fun at first to explore and discover different star systems and upgrade your ship. I think I've even learned 200+ words of alien language in-game just to understand some kind of story better and it was fun to interact with the aliens. Even though they were just mindless drones sitting in one place. There are still those little things in the game that would make it worth buying BUT this is not a game for completionists. In this game you will not achieve, you will not compete to be the best and there is no score to tell you how well you've done.I'm not going to spoil anything, but after getting to the center of the universe... after playing countless hours and just warpping from system to system and listening to your LIFE SUPPORT BEING CRITICAL the payout is not what is deserved. Infact, just because of the ending I'm going to try and issue a refund for this game but it will probably not go thru because I've already played the game for so long.Great potential gone to waste. Waiting on Star Citizen..."
,Recommended,275850,34232247,Posted: 14 August,all,Silent.Anguish,"A lot of things have changed for this game and it's been quite a controversial game since last year's launch owing to overpromising but under delivering.At it's current state it's a much better game and approaching what was promised though it still has ways to go in terms of adding depth to make the game extremely compelling.The mission and economy system now injects some more life to the universe and appears like a more basic version of what is currently available in Elite Dangerous in regards to missions and trading and such.It is encouraging and brave for a developer who's received so much flak continue to work hard and add so much a year on. Though I guess at this point it's a matter of reputational survival that they probably decided not to give up. If they don't really try to fix it and win back the hearts of the public at large then no new projects by HG and members of th development team will gain traction in the future. But I digress.However, I still believe that no matter how far they add, I believe that the game's core will remain and that will only appeal to a certain type of gamer and I believe Sean Murray's statement that it's a ""niche game and it's a very chill game"" will remain true going forward. I feel people need to continue to keep this in mind. It's a game about exploration and 'the journey' as opposed to the destination. You play this to relax, enjoy the sights and not to necessarily grind day to day. You determine your own objectives, your own goals, your own benchmark for success or achievement in any particular play session. That is not for everyone.The main gripes I see with the game has been the lack of variety and I believe this will eventually be iterated upon by HG as they continue to add assets. As evident in 1.3 with the new biomes and asset variety, this can really make planets, flora and fauna more diverse in the future.I would suggest people who had not bought it or refunded at launch to jump in and those who still have the game to try it again and perhaps update your review. The fact they are adding this much and supporting it continuously is more than most AAA publishers or studios these days. I for one will be continuing to support HG and look forward for what else they have to offer."
,Recommended,275850,34984558,Posted: 15 September,all,KB I  Ideriom,"I always dreamed as a child to explore space and to explore planets with my friends. To build on planets and to move on. I absolutly still love space even after 10 years. When this game was announced I almost let a tear go. I knew that every dream I had as a child would soon be right on my computer screen. When the game was released almost everyone was dissapointed and I was a little but all these memories as a child boosted my determination to want the game more and more. But I didn't get the game, and it was one of my worst decisions of my gaming experience. I waited a year chewing my nails wondering to buy it or not and I finally did. I was so excited to play it and I got it when the Atlas Rises update which was the best time to buy the game because almost everything they announced on first release was there. First thing I notice is the amazing soundtrack. I mean its amazing, it fits perfectly in with that spacy theme. I go on my first planet only with medium graphics and it still made my jaw drop. The HUD and the ground, plants, creatures, everything looked amazing. I bump it up to medium and high graphics with a stable 30-40 fps and that is perfect for my liking. I played the heck out of it. I find my self completing missions while exploring solar systems and planets full or life or baron. Creating a base to live in, creating a farm to earn profit working to get a good ship. Helping my fellow Geks fight off pirates. One of the best parts about this was that I got the game for only 25$. To me this is such a steal. This game right now is well worth 60$ and it constantly reciving updates. Listening to their supporters fixing bugs. But people still don't realize that they can't fix all the bugs in one patch. People have to learn to give them some time. I know its been a year but forget the past of this game and act like it was just released. Trust me the game is worth it,  you wont regret buying it. I will be playing this a lot, and a lot. Thanks Devs, one of my dreams has partially came true."
76561198068207736,Not Recommended,275850,24998839,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,TeeStains,I WANT TO LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH!! But honestly i just cannot. So let me sum it up.First 10 hours: WOW this game is awesome! Look at all these planets!15-20 Hours: Oh another rock planet. Oh this one has lots of trees. Huh.20-25 Hours: Ok lets just get this done. Keep warping until to the last atlas.Last Hour: FINALLY HERE! HI LAST ATLAS!.... Oh. i need 10 atlas stones. I have 9 because i lost one when my ship got distroyed. Well now what? Maybe i can buy one.......... OH i can! For.....6 million units. Ok i just dont care. I think im done now.So yea. That was my entire expierence. At first it was so exciting and i didnt really care what everone was saying but nearing the end of the game i really started to notice what everyone was saying. For $66 thats alot of money to pay for something that gets really boring and something i truly feel like i wont be playing again for a long time. If i replayed it now it would feel like everything was repeting.
76561198094840864,Not Recommended,275850,24998808,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Bioshocked,"*UPDATED*The new update has added some new things to do, so I gave the game another chance. Just another waste of time, the worst building system in any game I have ever played, watered down everything. Oh and look still cant play with other people... good job... The game still is not worth paying for, get it when it's $10. It will be $10 one day becasue Hello Games is going to go belly up when no one buys any more of their games due to lack of trust. Thank You for wasting my time again.SPOILERThe center of the galaxy is another galaxy where you have to start over with all your stuff broken.come on guys you had a great opertunity to do something cool like a central hub, maybe that central hub goes to abother galaxy or 2 or 10, but nope.... come on ...Do not waste your money, the game is worth 15 bucks and no more. If you want to do the samething over and over and over and over and over and over and over again, then maybe this is a game for you. Nothing changes, nothing you do will be any diffrent i have 35 hours in right now and i have done the same thing for 34 hours. The game crashes a ton, nothing they said they would do is in it, at all. The random being spawns are legos put together by someones 4 year old. Fly with other ships into battle like the trailers show, nope dont even think about it. The game is beautiful that is it, not worth $60 in the slightest. The game is a grind just to be a grind. As far as all this DLC they promise, i will believe it when i see it. This whole game was a lie and a let down, I'm not sure why they kept pushing the release date it was broken even after all that. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!"
,Not Recommended,275850,25156463,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,KiXSTAr,No.
76561197995764589,Recommended,275850,34186782,Posted: 12 August,all,X.e.N.o,"What can i say about No Man's Sky........it had a rough start but Hello Games stuck with it as they promised and with the new 1.3 update No Man's Sky is a deep crafting, trading and exploration game.  I have always loved the game ever since it was released in August 2016.The first few upated were great but the 1.3 is just awsome!!!I'm playing on an 880m gfx card and cant get good fps and need to play in a window mode.  This isnt ideal but it seems stable for me and with 80 hours of play time put into the game, i just know with this update its going to double.So should you get this game.....if you like to explore, its a must buy.Well done Hello Games, i'm looking forward to seeing whats next."
,Not Recommended,275850,25061890,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,swimingduck,"Something I'd like to say about this game.No Man's Sky was marketed to be a space advenure, traveling through the cosmos faster than the speed of light. But when you really boil the game down, it's just a survival game. Yes, it may be a survival game with space travel, but it's just a survival game.Also, the game is incredibly overpriced. I feel like Hello Games tried to market this game as a polished AAA title. But it's not. Hello Games is just another indie group that's made a few games no one's heard of before. They created way too much hype, set everyone's expectations to high, and all in all, disappointed us."
76561197979938327,Recommended,275850,34190702,Posted: 12 August,all,Apex_Lycan,So..I gave this game a chance since it was on sale and I have really enjoyed it. Like many others have said the devs did lie about some features but I really gotta give them credit for sticking with the game and not taking the money and running.This game and the devs reputation will always be damaged due to the release. But if they keep updates rolling out with the features promised then perhaps they can earn the trust of many. Lesson to be learned here is to never hop on a hype train...especially when money is involved.As for the game. I recommend it. Absolutely. It does feel repetitive at times. So if you followed this game pre-release and wanted it....get it now while its on sale.
76561198047227603,Not Recommended,275850,25376722,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Awpenheimer,"Loved the game at the start. Followed the game for 3 years of development. After aout 10 hours of gameplay, I realized that a ton of the promised features had been either changed, or removed entirely. I am looking forward to feature patches (if they make any) and I hope that they fix some of the problems, but I definitely feel let down by the developer and I am especially unhappy with the ""price to gameplay"" ratio. For what its worth, the exploration is pretty cool and there is a lot of potential there, but overall there just isn't enough to keep a a player interested except for maybe the die-hard fans who will defend this game until their last breath.So overall,Don't buy this game unless its on sale for like $10. You will eventually (if not immediately) regret paying any more for it. Great idea, great visual effects, but every thing else is lacking and isn't worth anyone's time or money."
76561198075012049,Not Recommended,275850,25346730,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,WAFRO McAFRO,they lied about almost everything.
76561198030456908,Not Recommended,275850,25299399,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,UnshippedCorpse,"I do not and will never recommend this product nor any other Hello Games product. Leave all ideas about hype and buyers remorse or whatever else people are scraping together to defend this pile of rubbish, this product was falsely advertised, a federal crime in the united states, no if's and's or but's about it, this is criminal and disgraceful and I do earnestly feel that it'd be in everyones best interest if they just refund everyone, publicly apologise, close their company and never develope another game again. The only thing more disgusting then this product is how much steam is endorcing it and condoning their activities. If I didn't have almost 200 games associated with steam, I'd cut ties with both companies."
,Not Recommended,275850,25231999,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,scrom,"just totally not what was advertised so utterly dissapointed i gave it a chance after initial faulty game issues but i cant be arsed with it, if i were you DO NOT be tempted to buy this gamehere in the uk its illegal to sell anything that isnt matching what was advertised i have asked for a refund and i dont ask for refunds because i support developers i dont steal games either i know i played for a long time but i had high hopes to find the EASTER EGGS suggested by the developer but it just goes round in circles i dont mind repetative i play rust which has you clubbing rocks and trees with a stone to get going for a couple of hours i also have several early access games i like all of them this game was released too early and without promised contenthello games are liars plain and simple if there is content worthwhile then show us or tell us dont say were just fixing the game at the moment we made an investment if a company told me after an investment that what i was told would be there in an unknown length of time i would withdraw my investmentenough is enough"
76561197984345784,Not Recommended,275850,25002421,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,The Untapped AnCap,"Unless you literally want to give these guys money to support them, wait untill this game goes on 75% sale... the game feels like an early access beta at best... and the DLC isnt free. Planets dont even have different biomes, just one biome per planet... most plants dont cast shadows... textures are low quality... spawns are unballanced and some rewards for some tasks are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T... You cant fly the ship close to the ground, you cant fly into a cave, you cant fly under a land bridge... and on some planets with floating islands or land bridges etc, your ship will actually FLING into space when trying to simply take off from landing. I dont know why you HAVE to get OUT of the ship when you land, and why you cant use your freaking TORCH during daytime.... EVEN IN CAVES??? There are SO MANY angry reviews and YouTube videos that SHOW you exactly whats wrong with this game and why it should NOT be considered finished, and should NOT COST $60!!! No personal waypoints, no brightness options (only gamma), no more than about 5 different on-planet missions and in reality, you can never actually see another player even if youre in the same place at the same time... and the game literally just repeats when you get to the center of the universe??? The amount of inventory management in this game is a game in and of itself... you can send stuff to your ship from any distance, but gotta be near the ship to get it back... what? AND THE SENTINALS.... ARE.... COPS....... SERIOUSLY, every time I see one of these ♥♥♥♥ers, I feel uncomfortable, like Im being watched and judged, and if I even take a little Zinc for my suit so I dont DIE, they act like I smoked marijuana and start opening fire!!! I cant believe something with literally NO facial expressions can be SO EMOTIONAL.... when you see it fly up and scan the ground where the ""crime"" was committed, then rush over to scan your face like ""WHAT DID YOU DO!?"" ... it almost makes me laugh every time, but seriously, ALL SENTINALS ARE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S!!! Im done typing now, maybe I saved someone some trouble."
76561198069830550,Not Recommended,275850,25394421,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Veloss,"This is my first review and I will keep it short.No Man`s Sky was fun for the first hour I played. Beyond that point there was nothing worth my time.Decided to watch the ending on youtube.Good thing I did - saved me so many hours of working towards that huge disappointment of an ending.If HelloGames were to add major content (if that`s even possible) and/or open this game to modding in a way that gives the community the power to create content, then I might reconsider this review - but the state of this game right now is *insert curse of your choice here*.FIrst Rating:1/10 Not considering the crazy price of 60 euros, and appreciating HG`s rate of patching bugs.0/10 Considering the price. Seriously, calling this a ****** is an understatement.EDIT:Rating after foundation update:2/10Seems they are putting work in their game, feels a bit less off a ripoff seeing them put upgrades like this - but it hasnt become what it should be, and should have been in the first place. Still not recommended at this point.EDIT2:Pathfinder update.3/10Good update. Lots of new things, bugfixes and the like.If they keep this up, it might become good in half a year+.Still not recommended considering the price.EDIT3:Atlas Rises5/10We're getting there. Two or three more patches like this might do the trick.TL;DRWorst buy ever.Promises were made and broken.Minecraft is a better investment.They keep improving though.Give it some time and wait for a sale."
76561197970993036,Not Recommended,275850,25273402,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,|TGS| Dog,"This Game is Bad. No Really it is.  However it will take you more than 2 hours to realize how pointless it is without any ongoing game.If you don't listen to me and buy it, you will need to return it quickly or be out $60!  For a $20 dollar game I would have sucked it up and just been disapointed. But for this amount of money I can't.My Last Note to Steam after being denied a refund.I disagree with your policy when you promote, sell and distribute a horrific game that did not function as described or deliver on the promises made to entice me to purchase it.Since you won't issue a refund, and my options are limited. I will resort to making sure others are fully aware of these policies (since they are largely unread until a problem develops) and will not use the steam platform again for purchasing games.Unhappily,"
,Not Recommended,275850,25407084,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Darth Pliskin,"NO. Just don't. I wanted so much for this game to present a sense of adventure while I listen to my exploring music. I have never been so disappointed in my entire life. Even Minecraft holds more allure than this game does for me, and I ♥♥♥♥ING love games about exploring space. From glitches to bland flora/fauna you will certainly find this game lacking for that feeling of truely exploring. Sure the first 30 minutes seem grand, but repetition sets in sooner than I care to admit. I only kept playing the game on hope from the hype, and that will be one of the 4 things I regret on my journey to Hell."
,Not Recommended,275850,25285002,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Sibanamush,"This isn't even a game.you can very easily skip the tutorial without even realising that you were being offered a tutorial.There doesnt seem to be any story , or objective to the game. It consists entirely of picking a random icon on the horizon, and flying / walking towards it , hopign that your inventory doesnt fill up of random elements that you have no idea if you'll need or not. The entire drive to keep going seems to be trying to get additional inventory slots so that your inventory doesn't fill up so quickly so you can continue to get more inventory slots."
,Not Recommended,275850,24990241,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Chertle,"I am disappointed in this, the GUI is difficult and the game is just not worth 60 dollars, buy if you want a game that is poorly imported from PS4 and has no form of tutorial. I feel like it's a waste to refund this game, but what can I do? Play with a broken game?"
76561198040599934,Not Recommended,275850,25412457,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Shadowfire,"What's there isn't so much bad as it is UNFINISHED AND OVERPRICED. Has potential to be better in the future but as is the grind for inventory size is literally the only progression in the game. I started this thinking to gear up before heading into the centre, ready for lots of fighting or somesuch. Having watched videos spoilering the ending (I won't do so now, but I'd recommend looking it up before buying this), its a lazy ending that I feel is kinda a middle finger to those who have bought the game. Unfortunately I couldn't get a refund as I didn't realise how much fo a rip off the game was in time for steam refund policy to work.I WOULD STRONGLY RECOMMEND NOT GETTING THIS GAME. At least wait for more content and for the price to drop to the £5-10 I'd be more willing to spend on the current experience."
,Not Recommended,275850,25036129,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,JamBoltheads,The Game might have a quintillions of planets or whatever the amount is but really when you play for a couple hours you realise everything is the same.  I want to be suprised by it and see a new creature ive never seen before. everything I see is a mixture between a creature I saw 2 planets ago with a head I saw on a creature on another planet 2 systems ago etc. the planets are all so similar as well and after a while you just get bored of exploring. which unfortunately is the most interesting part of the game. for 40 quid its not worth the money and id have to say i do not recommend the game for purchase at the current state.
76561198010015404,Not Recommended,275850,25215295,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Hitch,"I really wish I had never bought this game and unfortunately I played it a bit too long to get a refund.  Once you are bored with the initial game play loop of harvesting resourses to upgrade your ability to gather more resources, there is nothing to do.  Imagine minecraft without the ability to build anything or do anything adventerous like go to the netherworld.  The only thing is to go to another galaxy that's basically just like the one you came from that has planets that are basically just like the ones you already visited.  Unfortunately, you won't realize any of this until you've logged a few too many hours to get a refund. Also, the universe screen where you chose which galaxy to travel to next is the absolute worst interface I've ever had the displeasure to experience in a video game.  It's horrendous."
,Not Recommended,275850,25037085,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,zERO,"Gotta agree with everyone else, this game is hella boring. It is fun until you realize how shallow and pointless it is. I think that it is a good base for a great game but as it stands now, I wish I never bought it. It needs more intellegent interactions with intellegent lifeforms and some sense of urgency as you are playing. As it stand now, this game is little more than a walking simulator."
,Not Recommended,275850,24991826,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,ReynoldHughes,"If you want this game for what you saw in the trailers, I'll warn you: Don't buy it. There's a very good chance you won't like it.If you like games where you can just explore and sightsee, then you'll probably end up enjoying this game. That's all there is to it.We may one day get the No Man's Sky that was shown in the different trailers, but for now, we have to settle for this. When that day comes, then yeah, I'll change my recommendation."
,Not Recommended,275850,25038205,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,pyromorph,"Do not buy yet.Either buy this for 30e instead of 60, or wait until it does not feel like an early-access game.Yes, fun can definitely be had, but..Get detailed information elsewehere, I just want to register a ""no"".I hope that ""late game"" I will eat my words and change this review to ""just keep playing and wait, it's uber-awesome nd worth the ""full price"" pricetag"", but I am not really holdig my breath.."
76561197992206547,Recommended,275850,34307720,Posted: 17 August,all,B00tsy,"The 'mostly negative' reviews made me not buy this game for the first year after release, but after 3 major free content updates I decided to take the gamble.So far I am having a good time in the game with exploring on the different planets and trying to find out more about the alien spieces. There is suposed to be a 30 hour story mode in the game too, but I haven't even started it yet as I am still busy with trying to setup a home planet and a base. I bought the game and basically played the whole day without noticing it, I looked at the clock and saw it was already 4AM in the morning :)From what I can tell the game is huge. I haven't even left my home solar system yet and there are hundreds or even more other solar systems out there to explore. No doubt you can spend hundreds of hours playing the game without even reaching the 'end goal' of the game.So far (first dozen hours) the game has a lot of grinding (mining), because you basically start with nothing more than an environmental suit and a broken/crashed space craft. Starting with nothing you have to gather resources to craft components and repair your ship and after that you have to grind a lot more to get enough money to buy other 'needed' goods. From what I have read the grinding mainly exists in the starting phase of the game. Once you have setup a good functioning base with alien staff and workers the resource gathering will become partially automated.I can see myself playing this game for a long time to come and I am happy that I took the 'gamble'. The 'mostly negative' review tag is really unfair to the game in it's current state. The game feels really immersive and fairly fleshed out so I can only tag it as 'positive'.The game does seem to be really heavy on the GPU. With an OC'd 970 I get around 40fps (high settings) when I am on a planet. Though, it does not feel sluggish or anything. I can only really tell be looking at the fps counter, the game plays and feels smooth at 40fps. When I fly into space the fps recovers and I get that 60+ fps again.I think that 60 bucks for this game is still a pretty steep price, but if you see it for 40 bucks or less I highly recommend picking this game up (if you like this kind of gameplay and genre).Edit after 65h gameplay:There are quite a lot of bugs and glitches I ran into and some aspects of the game are not greatly designed, such as the inventory system. And the grind is real so far. I spend 80% of the time mining for stuff so that I can craft basic things and to get money to upgrade my exosuit. I still don't have biodomes where I can auto farm basic goods. So be aware of this, you will be grinding a lot in this game. You can minimize the grinding by playing 'Creative Mode', but you will not get achievements nor milestones in that game mode."
76561198134204082,Not Recommended,275850,25379731,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Satan.exe,I want a refund.
,Not Recommended,275850,25307036,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Highlander,"The game lacks content, runs extremely poorly and is NOTHING like advertised.It is a pointless grind towards realizing one should've asked for a refund instead."
76561198031672915,Not Recommended,275850,25117120,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,martemyota,No. i wouldnt even pay 30$ for this game let alone the rip off of 60$
76561197993296592,Not Recommended,275850,25079195,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Linlithgow,"I can't remember the last time I was so disappointed with a game at launch. I survived Star Wars:Galaxies and a number of questionable launches of other games including Eve, but No Man's Sky has to have plumbed new depths of software that wasn't ready for prime time.More fool I, perhaps - no open beta, tightly lipped team, but so many promises! And I wanted to believe, I really did.It took me a while to be able to play this game; I have a Phenom and Hello didn't do a beta or clearly test on AMDs because the game didn't work, and those of us with AMD Phenoms had to use a workaround using an Intel emulator in order to play, (player suggested workaround too), at a reduced framerate. I should add Hello was HORRIBLE with communication - Sean (the owner), posted they were working on a fix and then went dark for 48 hours, no updates on where they were, no status of the fix, until finally some people on Steam boards saw a build pushed to experimental, which got you farther but not to the planet. Enter the emulator workaround, then FINALLY more info from Sean they were going to make people happy with a fix, but still no concrete info on it. The final injustice in all this is apparently Hello is already working on another game! Despite this 'premium' title not containing the features promised, despite its problems and unfinished feel, they've used my money to move on. I feel cheated.The game doesn't deliver on what it was promised - it feels more like a sandbox or alpha game, incomplete, than a $60 title. You hunt around and salvage parts to repair your ship after being stranded on a planet, attune to a mysterious stone, maybe encounter an alien or two, and then go to a station to sell.There are so few NPCs that it feels the place isn't populated. You should get nudged for a mission that will grant you a hyperdrive, (I haven't yet), but if you pre-ordered you already have one, so it doesn't make sense. I repaired my ship, found a trader on the planet I was on, then found a station off planet and interacted with a device in the wall and sold some ore... and then what? Your cargo bay is small, stacks are 250, there is no inventory and no direction.It looks okay - I mean procedurally generated terrain is fine and all, but I can't play it. I don't mind open world games like Skyrim - there you have content, quests, NPCs, etc., but No Man's Sky doesn't have any of that feel. It is a boring game with poor support at an expensive price and I cannot recommend it, despite the fact I try my hardest to support small studios."
76561198034472979,Not Recommended,275850,25011660,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,JadeRuby,"Hello helloThis is a game i wanted to love but that does not seem the case due to the following reasons,Super repetative, no real goal, terrible combat mechanics, terrible GUI and HUD no smart Ai, no multiplayer, starship combat feels aweful, and copy and paste creastures, planets, AI, and starsystems etc.In the end no real point. its a mediocre adventure game in space but no where close to being worth $60. Cheaper indie games can do alot better. Hell, ive seen free to play games do better than this.Buy it only on huge sale."
,Not Recommended,275850,25520627,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Mr. Miyagi,"First of all, GIVE ME A GOD DAMN REFUND STEAM, LIKE 8 OF THE HOURS I HAVE ON THE GAME IT WAS MINIMIZED WHILE I WAITED FOR IT TO ♥♥♥♥ING RECOVER.Why the Game Sucks:- the game sucks- gameplay demos were faked- sean lied- sean lied again- seriously sean its not funny stop- ""procedural generation"" makes everything look the same after about 45 mins of flying around- there's ♥♥♥♥ing nothing at the center except dissapointment- giant space stations have 2 small rooms and 1 big room with nothing in it- ships are all the same except looks- if you want a cool looking ship you have to shoot at a rock for literally 20 mins- $60...                  ...jesus...- crashes constantly and dosen't save progress- load time about 7 mins for me, have a decent PC- 18 quintillion planets of repetition- sean: there's multiplayer- sean: wait no there's no multiplayer- sean: we never said there was multiplayer- sean: so how's the multiplayer? good right?- other people are invisible in multiplayer- I fell through the floor like 20 times- giant epic space battles: aka spinning a circle while holding down lmb- textures are terrible- lighting is terrible- models are terrible- animation is terrible- AI is terrible- The standard Steam refund policy applies to No Man's Sky. There are no special exemptions available.      Click here for more detail on the Steam refund policy.- EVE: Online is going F2P in november-https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A8P2CZg3sJQ"
,Not Recommended,275850,25501190,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Pivot99,All I have to say:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PU5xxh5UX4U
76561197990280757,Not Recommended,275850,28094210,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Soulmate,"AZERTY users, be warned.You cannot remap the Z key which bring up the construction menu.You have to switch to QWERTY. But if you do, the""Q"" Key (or A in qwerty) which you would use to go left doesnt work anymore...So you have to choose between not going left or not going forward if you intend to play with mouse & keyboard.This game is a bad joke..."
76561198023988601,Not Recommended,275850,25379556,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,LifeIsWar216,I was conned like the rest of us. This game is simply an exercise in boredom and monotony.
76561198014087160,Not Recommended,275850,25019826,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Rise Up,15 hours in.The game is incomplete and lacks any sort of content. A lot like playing in a sandbox without any sand or toys.
76561197968425244,Not Recommended,275850,25161071,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,steele,"Wow.DON'T BUY THIS GAME AND PLAY FOR OVER 2 HOURS - YOU CAN'T GET A REFUND.YES. I AM TICKED OFF.Disclaimer: I bought it and played it. Everything on the videos looked awesome about this game. It is NOT awesome. I tried to get a refund. If you play over 2 hours... you're screwed.READ THE REVIEWS... ALL OF THEM... BEFORE PARTING WITH $60!!__________________________________________________________________Never have I been more dissapointed than with this game.The build up and hype by critics and beta testers... ALL OF THEM had to be on the Hello Games payroll, becasue this game, is awful.The game Elite Dangerous by Frontier.... is WAY more in depth and has FAR more options.Graphics? A joke. Different planets... same rocks and plants with different colors.Total waste of money. Wait until it hits the steam store for $5.99"
,Not Recommended,275850,25379034,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,デッド空 - Deadskky,nope. this game is far from finished. bugs and very repetitive. I give it a meh out of 10.
,Recommended,275850,34186239,Posted: 12 August,all,LEYKA,"They did not throw the game away, but instead keep working on patching the game to be better(what it supposed to be).Nowadays not many dev doing this for player even getting so many money at the start, they can easily runaway with the money."
,Not Recommended,275850,25346706,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,f0ba,"I thought the Division was a let down, this is like pure sad... Goddam my money, this year has been bad..."
,Not Recommended,275850,24966642,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Amebic Sic Jinn,"If I had to describe my thoughts and feelings about NMS so far, then it would be: COGNITIVE DISSONANCE. I really feel torn between loving the game and being disappointed. After following the entire hype, trying out NMS, to me, somehow feels like waking up from the ultimate sex dream, then forgetting most of the hot, nasty details in the blink of an eye and then realizing that the weather outside is really horrible and that I'm late for work. That same heavy, bleak, emptiness in my chest haunts me now that I paid 60 smelly euros for this piece of seemingly unfinished or kidnapped-by-big-corporations ""indie game"". To be clear, it isn't as much about the money (although it most definitely is) as much as it is about the whole trust issue in regards to Hello Games and everything about this game's release. I cannot help but feel somehow cheated. It didn't help not having ever read the steam refund policies. Before NMS, I never even thought about asking for a refund so I had never read the rules and conditions that would make one eligible for a refund. It simply never even crossed my mind to read through that stuff, which was definitely my mistake. If stupid me had known about the specifics of the refund policy, I'd requested a refund well within the first 2 hours and bought Doom, or the new Deus-Ex or Mafia instead. I was almost 8 hours into the game when I decided that I definitely wanted my money back, because No Man's Sky is seriously not worth 59,99€ as it is now. Maybe 19.99€, tops. I have to admit, the first 8 hours went by fast, but it was slow at the same time due to the slow gameplay and low framerate. Judging by youtube videos of the PS4 version and players on high end PCs, the game seems to be running pretty smoothly and the gameplay generally seems fast enough (movement etc). Compared to those videos and live streams, the game looks like it's running on half-speed on my end which I only realized a bit later after trying to see how the game behaves on other players' PCs.My graphics card seems to be bottlenecking my PC (geforce gtx 650, i5-3570K 3,4GHz, 16GB RAM) so I'm playing NMS on the lowest possible settings with a painfully low framerate and, as I mentioned, gameplay that seems heavily slowed down when compared to ps4 or footages from uber-high end PCs. Simply put, I definitely think that No Man's Sky is not worth 59,99€ as it is now. Since I can't get a refund, I'll be saving up some money for a new graphics card (for new AAA games, not NMS). Hopefully, there'll be some cool, free updates to NMS by the time I upgrade. Otherwise, this would be the worst way I've ever spent 60€, which is actually twice as much money where I live. EDIT: I'd love to give the game a try on better graphics settings and with a smoother gameplay on my end, since I do feel that I could chill out nicely with this. Still overpriced.I played NMS only twice since launch (launched the second time after refund requests were denied), but each time I spent about 7 hours losing myself in the game, which is how I expected it to be. It's easy to kill a few hours without even realizing it and even easier to forget about everything else (real life BS) just by exploring, mining and some flying. For me personally at least. There is a lot I like about the game, maybe it's just the idea of what it could have been or maybe it's the chillout factor which cannot be denied and I quite enjoy. However, I find it so freakishly hard to really pinpoint what it is that would deem this game good, or bad. And that's something that's really bugging me. Although I enjoyed what I've experienced so far (to some extent), I cannot ignore all the bad feels that've gotten into me due to all the little intricacies and details surrounding Hello Games and what they had promised compared to what they delivered. In a weird way, the game feels unfinished. And the whole way they develop/reveal the lore/story aspect just feels poorly executed and unimaginative. I think that NMS would have been much better off with some RPG-inspired quests that would dive deeper into the lore of the different in-game races etc. Hello could learn a lot from e.g. Fallout New Vegas on how to keep a player interested in the lore and the little details, while still being able to just mindlessly wander around and collect and build stuff. But I get it, NMS was never intended to be such a game and I'm fine with it. Still, NMS feels like an underachiever. Also, each time I check the latest news and rumors about NMS, I feel even worse because I really couldn't wait to be amazed and I really was prepared to love and enjoy every single aspect of it.Lessons to be learned:- release date delays really are a bad sign- indie games that cost more than 20€ are most probably not worth it- the idea/ wishful thinking of what a game could be should not be the factor that makes you decide to buy a game and spend serious money, especially if the developer is being very secretive and vague about actual gameplay details- make sure to read the refund policy in detail, regardles of what is being sold on a website"
76561198062388342,Not Recommended,275850,24987450,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Collin57,Wow this got boring real quick.
76561198063341673,Not Recommended,275850,25201139,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,GrumpyMike,"This game is lesson for me to never again fell for false advertiing of developers, to never again support ""indie studio"" and never pre-order game."
,Not Recommended,275850,25099108,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Рулон Обоев,"This game is a scam.1. False advertising. They even continue lying on Steam! The game looks nothing like the first video on the page. I think this is a fair comparison:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JYNriatnYkE2. Procedurally generated world in this game is like white noise — random, but all the same. It gets boring after a few planets.3. THERE'S NO GAME! I mean, there is a huge procedurally generated world, some game mechanics but they don't form a game. There's nothing really to do except farm resources flying from one planet to another, but these resource aren't really needed for pretty much anything.I didn't know much about the game when I bought it. The videos looked kinds cool but turned out that they were all false. The game looks nothing like them! After some more research I found out that the game was supposed to be totally different(http://www.onemanslie.info/the-original-reddit-post/)but most of the features didn't get into the game.I spent 36+ hours farming resources hoping it would get better eventually... but it didn't. I wish I used refund at the beginning."
76561198078997023,Not Recommended,275850,26759020,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,darkforrests,"This game is terrible.  I gave it the benefit of the doubt and played for about 15 hours just to see if really was just an endless grind or not.The rest of the time I have in this game, well, I fell asleep playing it bevause it boring and repetetive.Sean Murray, I want my $60 back."
,Not Recommended,275850,25342934,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,CAASE,Dont buy this game. It is disapointing in every aspect. The info about the game (in interviews and such) is in many cases false. You will get bored after just a few hours. An unpleasant experience from beginning to end.
76561197970403279,Not Recommended,275850,25377020,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,biochip_c,"not recommended !your only goal in this game is to get more inventory-space. that´s all.i really tried to like this game, although it is repetitive, but now i give up."
76561198067704124,Not Recommended,275850,25359989,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Felice,"I wish there was more than one ""No"" button to click.  Or that I could click this one harder.Sean Murray, Hello Games, Sony, and Steam are all guilty of, and continue to participate in, false advertising, in the form of bait-and-switch.  To this day, the trailer in ads and on this store page is still the one created about two years ago, showing both gameplay and graphical features that are not in the game you're considering buying.  This is both immoral and illegal and I'm surprised Steam is still complicit in it.That aside, if we just look at the game you'll get if you ignore all of our reviews and throw your money away on it, it's still a very bad buy.  There is ultimately no reason to have played the game.  I've played the game to completion, with 100% of the achievements and every storyline fully-finished.  And honestly I don't feel like I've even played a game.  The actual meat of those tasks probably took only about half an hour, with the rest being mindless, repetitive mining and warping.  I'd say I've simply spent a few weeks holding down the left button on my mouse while I grind materials to slog through the slow, unrewarding, opaque storyline, right up to the intelligence-insulting ""ending"".  I won't spoil it for you (hell, it's already rotten anyway), but it's not worth an hour of gameplay, let alone the hundred or more you'd put in to get to it.But, you say, what about the wonderment of exploration purely for its own sake?  The beauty of these alien worlds?  Yeah, that's there, to some extent, on a few niche planets anyway, and as a result you might mistake this for a good buy for a little while, but after a couple of days you'll realize you've long-since seen every component they construct the worlds from already.  You might not have seen them collected together and colored a certain way, but you've seen them all.  The vastness of the universe doesn't change the dullness of the small palette it's painted from.  Consider pi... interesting number, infinite digits below the decimal point... but every digit is still just 0-9.It's a tech demo.  Honestly, it's not even a very good tech demo.  I'm not saying it's awful, but I've seen destructible, randomized voxel/marching-cubes worlds before, and I've seen them done better.  I've seen randomized weapons and ships before, again done better and with much more variability.  It's like HG put together a lot of tech that really needs to be put together, but did a mediocre and uninspired job putting it together, and then they didn't do very much with the results to make it fun.Seriously, just don't do it.  Maybe if you're someone who can enjoy larping, you'll be able to imagine a game where there is none and have some genuine enjoyment, but 97% of the people reading this are better off buying something else.  Even at its best, this should only be a $20 title.  $60 for NMS is ludicrous when something like GTAV or Fallout 4 was the same price for a thousand times more content, gameplay, and fun."
76561198261214940,Not Recommended,275850,25283325,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,911tech,"It ran poorly (I thought there was going to be combat and did not want combat with the way the game felt). And after that it felt like I had to be a resource miner, that I also did not want. I liked the idea of an infinite universe to explore but the graphics were lacking on GTX 1080 and i7-5820k and latest drivers installed. It looked too console'ish and who wants to mine on every redundant planet? I would not be so critical if the price was not at a AAA level. I may buy again if it comes on sale. But was hesitant to invest 2 hours and not be able to refund. Most games take longer than 2 hours to make a final determination of quality. I just did not want to take the chance on a AAA priced title."
76561197972337101,Recommended,275850,35449274,Posted: 3 October,all,Symon Black,"What a rollercoaster this game is.I pre-ordered, and felt absolutely cheated when the initial release came. We've all read the news stories and seen the enraged posts online -- the lying, the deceptive claims, the huge tracts of missing content. Many developers would have taken a hit like that and sunk their game in the deepest hole they could find.Instead, the devs spent a year making update after update, all free, slowly struggling to live up to the grandiose claims they'd made in the first place. It's still not as ideal as actually releasing the game as promised in the first place, but now, finally, No Man's Sky feels something like an actual game. With some faint glimmers of story and worldbuilding wrapped around the gorgeous procedural galaxies, it's able to hold itself together -- if only just.It's still not worth the full price, but I would eagerly suggest grabbing it on sale. It's beautiful, the music is lovely, the takeoff-to-orbit flight has zero loading screens, and every update has improved the game. There's not much story or ultimate goal to speak of, but it's not about rescuing a space princess. It's just about seeing what's out there. And now, at last, the answer is ""something""."
,Not Recommended,275850,24987451,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Nicoolai,Everything that was promised (and still is shown in the store videos) turned out to be lies.
,Not Recommended,275850,24895241,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,back you at sexy,"Here's the thing, I went in to this game with huge expectations which gradually lowered leading up to launch. But,I do like the game, I enjoyed it, despite the low framerate, screen tearing in menus and just poor textures in general.But the main reason I am requesting a refund is simply the fact that £40 is way too much for this game.If this game ever goes down to say £20 then I will buy it but until then I will not be keeping this game"
,Not Recommended,275850,25268613,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,deep sea squeeze trees,"Overall - Pretty Poor90% of the planets are the same - and the ones that aren't are rare. In 15 hours of playtime, I found 2 planets that didn't fit into the same red-rock mould; 1 moon with some snow, and 1 flora planet.Fauna is nowhere near as complex as shown in game demos. Food chains don't exist as shown and animals have no noticable interactions with each other. Dinosaurs like those which are shown in the gameplay trailer, and there is very little difference between species on different planets - the same few appear everywhere.No massive fleets jump in to star systems like shown in the gameplay trailer, as well as no large scale space battles where you can pick a side. At most 2 or 3 do, and a couple of pirates attack them infinetely until you join in. Even then, you can in duck in and out of a space station until you eventually kill them.Speaking of space stations, they were talked about as if they would be hubs for trading and interactions. Instead, you have a space station the size of a moon inhabited by a single NPC, with a few ships appearing every now and then.It was also advertised that you could take multiple routes in terms of your ship, either opting to take an exploration, fighting, or trading ship. This simply isn't true. All of the ships handle the same, with the same speed and same weapons. The only thing you're really looking for in a ship is the inventory size. Other than that they are all the same with a slightly different model and paint-job.There is no multiplayer, another feature that was lied about. You could spend over 20 hours trying to reach the same planet as a friend, only to find that you can't see or interact with one another once you arrive.By far the worst thing about No Man's Sky is the number of bugs.On multiple occasions I would explore a planet 100% completion at which point I would be prompted to claim a reward. At this point, I would then try and upload a planet only for the game to tell me that I hadn't found everything, even though all boxes were checked and the game said 100% complete.The game is also terribly optimised, so much so that even high-end gaming PCs struggle to run it at a constant FPS, not to mention crashes, which are far too abundant. I probably spent more time loading into the game than actually playing it. What made this even worse is that a lot of the time, No Man's Sky would ignore my restore points unless I saved multiple times, resulting in several insanely frustrating moments where a planet I had completed would be uncompleted within seconds.The only thing worse than this however, is not being able to fully research a planet at all. Often, I would reach a point where I only needed to find 1 species, only to then find that this species was perpetually locked into the floor, where I was completely unable to scan it.Clipping through objects is also much more common than it should be. Whether in an exosuit or a spaceship, you can move through various objects as if you were a ghost, further damaging your immersion in the game.Other problems with No Man's Sky include the variation. The game is supposed to take place in a galaxy, but I feel like I'm exploring a loop, with the same unending rock planets. Planetery gravity, an addition that might have made planets feel more unique, is unsurprisingly absent as well as orbits. Planets sit stationary around a sun.Sentinels, the game's main antagonistic force, are always samey. Passive walker sentinels don't exist like they do in the gameplay trailer. If you see a two-legged sentinel it is hostile no exceptions.One of the most anticlimactic and disappointing endings in videogame history.Overall, even with promises of future updates, £40/$60 is too much for this game. Overhyping and flat-out lying has been used to lure in players in. Don't buy this game, even if the price drops."
,Not Recommended,275850,25394713,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Milo~,Worst game ever.
,Not Recommended,275850,25199563,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Mcbeardish,"They did a great job procedurally generating issues with my machine and a vast emptiness of a game when it does work. Never works, lack of gameplay, lied to by devs, this is not the prince who was promised."
76561198040323960,Not Recommended,275850,25080861,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Wubs4Scrubs,Are they getting sued for this? Because they should be getting sued for this. Alien Colonial Marines all over again.
,Not Recommended,275850,25080859,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Drooping,"this game doesn't suck because the devs ""lied"" about how it was muliplayer, it sucks because the game sucks."
76561198071258003,Not Recommended,275850,25261302,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Fryest,Complete disappointment.
,Not Recommended,275850,25506864,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Macurban14,"Just... Don't buy it. Gets repetetive after five ♥♥♥♥ing minutes. Not worth $60 AT ALL.Well, I had better explain why this game is so bad....here goes:PROS:Uhhhhmmmmmmmmmm........Got my money back via refund I guessCONS:Literally everything about the game. Everything.Do NOT buy this game."
76561198025398929,Not Recommended,275850,25872727,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Meno,♥♥♥♥♥♥ game that is falsely advertised.
,Not Recommended,275850,25283512,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Big Bamboss,"Lots of recycling plants and animals to look at, nothing to actually do. Inventory system is bad. Combat is tacked on and awful. No good."
,Not Recommended,275850,25273327,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,SirCrypt,"Sadly, this is why you should never get hyped about video games. I got caught up in the hype and it really wasn't like it was suppose to be."
,Not Recommended,275850,24869537,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,kanami,"my normie coworker i mean hes not really ur average normie or whatever hes a chill african american and he goes to college, plays baseballand has a gf and raps and whatnot but he also smokes weed and so we meet up to smoke weed after work and  he tried to get to know me u know as we gettin high at the park and im tryin to talk to him but i realize more and more that i cant keep this act like i know hes just trying to get to know me since we met from work and were already chillin so hes trying to get cool with me since were already chillin and so hes askin me questions ""u b hittin it from the back xd?""  ""do u have a girlfriend yet?""  and i cant seem to answer because i cant tell him my experiences i cant just share everything i know but anyways he then asks me what games i play i said gtav (i lied i lot) cuz thats the only game i play that he would know anyways and he says yeah and then he tells me about no mans sky... so im like oh kayill check it out (lol worst mistake of my life on top of so many and u can kinda see were this is goin) so i cant really cope with myself after that whole experience but i decide to buy the game he was talkin about when we was chillin fried lol and it sucks so bad like at first glance u think its all beutiful and deep but its not, its really not dude if uve ever done shrooms or lsd ude know what deep is this game isnt it, yeah they try but its not even close.  besides that it runs bad i have a 980ti and have to play on medium but im not one to cry about graphics, but the whole point of the game is supposed to be beuty.  on top of it like it has less features than minecraft its soo repetitive because of that and its singleplayer and they charge 60$ dude do not buy this game i refunded it.the install is actually around 4gb.  60$ for 4gb of game"
,Not Recommended,275850,24990955,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,[E] Cuzza,This game is going to be a great game in about 9 months when they patch in the rest of the features. For now it's a repetitive slog through uninteresting but still gorgeous landscapes and encountering alien races and wildlife that I am struggling to give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about.
,Not Recommended,275850,25215230,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,HohenheimOfLight,"The game is the epitomy of repeat, there is 20 things mixed together and when you see all of this 20 things is just over. There is not much to do than endlesly explore the world of bugs&glitches that most possibly cannot be solved because of the procedural generation.In a more described content I would highlight that this game had a great marketing campaing that made us explore till the galaxy core and pass our 2hour limit so we wont be able to refund after we realise what is actually going on. I personally believed that the fact that they said no man's sky is a multy-player game is the beging of the lies that completly broke the trust between the people and Hello games. Watching this turn of events it makes me wonder, is this the only lie that the game served us or is it just the ""breakfast"" of what we are going to see. After 35 hours of game I issued a refund Which I dont think I will ever receive and that breaks my hurt cause I see a company that I value, steam, taking the side of this company that missleaded people on buying an expensive game with 40% of the features that they promised to have. Even if people doesnt get their refunds, Hello-games is becoming Bye-ByeGames cause they lost their credibility to the gamers.If Bye-ByeGames try to release a new game I believe it will be really interesting to see how they going to work it out.Anyway, untill new updates come with some real content this time I will not touch the game and I will issue a refund til they stop anwsering to every single refund for  No mans sky.I feel missleaded and missguided by any means and I blame HelloGames for all this."
,Not Recommended,275850,24983037,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Hatsune Fuck You,This game is as wide as an ocean and as deep as a pond. If you've seen a handful of planets you've seen them all.Do not buy unless its under 20 bucks.
,Not Recommended,275850,25121105,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,dB,"You thought Destiny was gutted from development to release? Guess again, No Man's Sky is the double steak Chipotle burrito you ordered that ended up being a raccoon's foreskin wrapped up in a greasy strip club ATM receipt. Bone apple tea, sucka.Want to play what you thought No Man's Sky was going to be? Open up both Minecraft and Star Citizen in windowed mode, slam a fifth of Jack and go back and forth from one window to the other either flying aimlessly through space or gathering one of the same ten resources over and over. Welcome to the authenic No Man's Sky experience!On a more serious note:This game is flaming hot garbage, especially at $60. Hell, it's flaming hot garbage at $40.Don't buy it. I wish I could still refund this game. I gave it a more than fair chance at 10 hours of gameplay but the reality is that the 10th hour was the same as the 1st. Hello Games' terrible business practices aside this product is awful in very many ways and asking $60 for it is downright asinine."
,Not Recommended,275850,25083014,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,[-DSYN] Fuben,"NO MAN'S SKY is 2016's version of UNIVERSAL COMBAT.Don't waste your money on this game like I did.  Buy it when it goes on sale for $4.99 or less.I remember thinking Hello Games got it right by offering a reason to pre-order the game:  a better ship to start out with!Five minutes into the game I realized that ship needed to be replaced, and this process would be continuous because ships increase in storage size as you progress through the game.Open world is a cool idea.  Open universe was even cooler.  However, the only good thing about this game is it will spawn better games of a similar experience.  In other words, I paid $60 to fly around to near-infinitely generated worlds that have almost exact resources and creatures, but with different colors and radiation or temperature levels.  Also, there are only three sentient alien races and one race of robots/sentinels.  The objectives of each so-called mission are always the same, they're too easy, surviving is too easy, resources are too abundant to be fun, and you can't even choose to be a bad guy.I got so sick of playing after a few hours that I started shooting down every ship I could find and it didn't even matter.  All three races treated me the same as they always had.  This game was a great idea until it actually happened.  It's even more disappointing that there won't be any DLC.For the love of all that is fun, please, someone make DLC for this game.  It would be amazing if I could use metal to build a home, or start a government, or fight a tyrannical government in one solar system while collecting vital resources for people in another solar system.  I wanted fun.  Instead I got mindless exploration.I'm about 50 hours in and I stopped caring a long time ago.  I figured I need to feel better about myself and get at least an hour of entertainment for every dollar I paid for this game.  I'm really not that entertained, though."
76561197970990252,Not Recommended,275850,24934853,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Kieran,The screenshots and trailers for this game do not represent the final product.
,Not Recommended,275850,25010701,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,❄Yui-唯依❄,"Joke of the YearUpdatedThis game is false advertising their game, compare to the trailer and screenshots in the store page and in-game. It's totally different, none of these are matched, they(devs) lies to their fans. The game content is ""dry"",  you just search for Materials > Craft it > Fly to other planet and Repeat. Nothing special in this game. And you know what? this game cost about triple A title price."
76561198106475072,Not Recommended,275850,24987893,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Pauline Hanson,As wide as an ocean but as deep as a puddle.
76561198071007010,Not Recommended,275850,25325361,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Dave DarkLion,"One Man's Lie; No men buyPlease, don't buy this garbage, like I did, riding the hype train. The behavior Hello Games has been showing is one of the most horrible things I've seen. They are liers, and they should be called out for that. I only hope Steam would refund me my $60. Support developers that deserve it, instead of these guys. Buying games like this, we're encouraging these dirty practices some developers have."
76561198029777182,Not Recommended,275850,25399521,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,moralsup,"People wouldnt be so hard on this game, if Sean Murray hadnt lied about it."
,Recommended,275850,35349520,Posted: 30 September,all,NanduNandu,"An explosion of heat and force grips my ship; I hear nothing through my headphones, only the mind-numbing sound of my vessel entering the atmosphere of an uncharted world. It feels like my ship will tear apart at any second when suddenly, serenity. Silently I cruse the surface of the planet, looking for a mineral of great importance to me. The ship touches the ground with a distinct clunk sound and the engines switches off. The calming sound of acid rain drops on the window to the cockpit makes me sit for a while and reminisce of everything I’ve seen.I’ve traversed the sea of stars for countless of hours. Felt planets so hot I couldn’t stand outside for more than seconds, before seeking shelter. Planets so cold there was no life to be seen. I’ve looked up into the ocean of stars, from moons with no atmosphere. From others I’ve looked onto the planets they orbited as they covered the whole horizon. Mined for minerals and gathered plants, to build my own base on a lush world. Visited star base upon star base, seeking to befriend and trade with strange sentient life forms. Learned their languages through archeological discoveries on distant worlds. Traded, upgraded and maintained my ship, fit for storage and fighting. Protected freighters from pirates and collected their bounties. Scanned the star systems, planets, creatures and flora, and then uploaded them to make my mark on this world.But most of all, I have discovered.No Man’s Sky conveys the infinitum of space, like no other game before it."
,Not Recommended,275850,24997736,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Inspector Fowler,"I'll put in my $0.02 here. You can see from my profile that I've only played seven hours, but already I think I pretty much ""get"" it.No Man's Sky is huge, but shallow. Imagine you're at the beach. You walk about 20 yards out. It's your first time at the ocean, and everything seems amazing. Look at that crab! It's like a spider, but underwater?! There are underwater plants, too! Neat! Whoa, look! Fish are everywhere - some are little, some are big. Some swim in schools!Breathlessly, you look up - the ocean goes on as far as you can see! Filled with wonder, you think, ""How deep is this thing? If this is the stuff I'm seeing 20 yards out, what the heck is down there when it gets deep and dark!? I gotta find out!"" You walk further and further. You've heard this ocean goes on for thousands of miles! Imagine the discoveries you'll make!In short order, you realize that the ocean never goes deeper than your kneecaps. The fish, crabs, snails, and more are still interesting. But they all look the same. Minor differences exist, but a crab is a crab.That's No Man's Sky in a nutshell, to me. An initial rush of excitement followed by the realization that the rest of the game is tedium, with some poor systems artificially extending the game's length/difficulty.The inventory system is horrible - ship and suit upgrades take the same space as cargo. Would you like to upgrade your deflector screens so you take less damage during the pirate attacks? Okay, but you lose an entire cargo slot. The same thing goes for mining, weapons, and exosuit upgrades. And space is crazy, crazy limited. You always need to keep stacks of about 3 things on hand - isotopes to recharge your various systems, oxides to recharge your shields, and carbon to give to various life forms. This limits the slots you can keep free for other stuff you're mining to try to craft things or trade for stuff.The language stuff is actually cool, but there are multiple languages. This takes a task that initially feels huge but doable (learn all the necessary words in a foreign language) and turns it into a never-ending quest.  At 7 hours in I know 50 words spread between two languages, and there are more.  No thanks.You also realize that virtually all the alien structures are absolutely the same, regardless of what aliens are inside. That's a necessary evil when a 15 person team builds a game with 18 quintillion stars, but seriously, every planet is essentially the same.I've heard that as you get closer to the center, the pirates get tougher, etc. But I haven't heard that anything makes this ocean any deeper. It sounds like it's the exact same all the way through - punishing inventory management combined with a very, very rudimentary crafting system (you don't even get to SEE the items you craft) set in an interesting but ultimately repetitive world.A space crab is a space crab, ultimately."
,Not Recommended,275850,25239967,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,DrewDoggg,"The trailer's and the actual game you buy are two different things.Many statemensts Sean Murray said we're going to be implemented in the game are not there, and it looks like there is no hope for them to be implemented in the near future."
,Not Recommended,275850,24983022,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Five,$20 early access title sold as finished for triple the price.
76561197962072634,Not Recommended,275850,25164658,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Shifty,"Basically NMS is a mess. Almost everything in the game is sub par. There is only one good thing about NMS, and that thing is walking around and taking screenshots. The game has nice graphics and the random planet creation can make some pretty interesting planets. I wouldn't even classify NMS as a game, it's more of an early access or a tech demo. All that said there is no other game out there that does massive procederal planets with all detail NMS has.Bottom Line: Fun experience, but not a very good ""game"""
,Not Recommended,275850,24846353,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Ulfuric Satori,"does not work, loads, then crashes"
76561197993503458,Not Recommended,275850,29602018,Posted: 31 January,all,Slayer,This is♥♥♥♥♥♥- Don't even think about buying it.
,Not Recommended,275850,25350373,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,CrazyKrash,"Sean Murray's false advertising ruined this game for just about all of us. The game promised so much but delivered so little. Here are some examples of what Sean lied to us about. Note: there are a lot.Misc. Space Gameplay and Elements:-Landing on Asteroids: ""Yeah, at the moment you can land on asteroids.""-Destroying Space Stations And Fleets: ""Maybe you take out a space station, or a fleet, or you know, something like that...""-Giant Fleets of Ships-Large Freighters Actually MovingNPCs and NPC Interactions-Faction Affiliations w/ Significance: ""Different races have different attributes [...] and depending on how I'm playing, I might want to kinda make an allegiance with one or [an]other""-Trade Ships Docking w/ Freighters-NPC Ships Launching From The Ground-In-Atmosphere Freighters w/ BattlingExtra NPC Interaction Bit:“Having said that, being No Man’s Sky, there is a procedural element to your interactions. The AI you talk to will know the name of the planet you’re on and will reference it. They’ll reference wanting certain things based on the environment they’re in. They’ll know if it’s cold, or hot, or whatever. You’ll see a reasonable amount of variety — it’s not just pre-baked dialogue.”Planets, Stars, and the Cosmos:-Ringed Planets-Planets Rotating and Orbiting Around a Sun-The Technical Possibility of Flying Between Star Systems ManuallyShips and Flight:-Actual Ship Classes And Differentiation-Naming Ships-More Natural Flight CharacteristicsThis game was a huge dissapointment and I was very let down along with many other people."
76561197971019595,Not Recommended,275850,25368052,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,LAm0r,Pay for lies
,Not Recommended,275850,24998834,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Marcus,"Incredible waste of money.Played for 12 hours before I started seeing everything repeat itself. Animals all looked the same, plants all looked the same (wow another planet where everything looks like a mushroom, great), and environments are all the same (heat damage, toxic damage, cold damage, etc.) and have no functional changes.There is very little to do. After about 3 systems where I actively explored the planets, then realised there was no point and just started collecting enough resources to fuel my warp drive and move on.Basically, it's an empty ""universe"" and there is nothing to do.My refund request was denied, wish I applied for it earlier."
,Recommended,275850,34825526,Posted: 8 September,all,Mina,Nice comeback
,Not Recommended,275850,32809620,Posted: 26 June,all,Spirit Essence,"Well, another one added to the list of negatives I guess...Quite disappointed. This game has been on my wishlist for a while, but I didnt want to buy it for full price. Finally it came on sale, plus the game has recieved a lot of positive updates appearntly.My problems started right off the bat. Poor performance. I kept getting stuttering, and low frames. My pc is not on the low end, so I expected a smooth gameplay. I adjusted some settings, including the ultra blur, which I disabled. No difference..I went online to check, and it seems a lot of people have performance issues with this game, and it's rather easy to look up a bunch of guides, to fix these issues. Some work for those who reply to them, some dont.Personally, I don't want to buy a broken game, and then be expected to fix it myself afterwards. I shouldn't have to follow player made guides on how to make the game playable, after I purchased the game.Really unhappy about it, because I think I would probably enjoy the gameplay myself. But for now, this is not something I would recommend, unless you are willing to fight against performance issues, and may exceed the 2hour playtime, trying to resolve it. Only to find that you cant, but then cant get a refund anymore.Im not taking that chance."
,Not Recommended,275850,25872792,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,grouty,"*review updated after Pathfinder update*No Man's Sky is a game that is blatantly flawed, it is basically a glorified chore, but... why do I keep coming back to it?Is it for the Story?Quite often, a game with an amazing story will lock me in. It doesn't have to be very well presented, or be necessarily an extra deep and philosophical story for me to totally enjoy experiencing it. However, with No Man's Sky, there isn't a set storyline, but rather a concept.The story is essentially that you are a slave to the Atlas and are tasked with being in it's universe and to explore it. This can be interpreted as either a poor choice of an engaging story, but I feel as if this might be alluding to what the developers felt like, creating this; tasked with the impossible, and being left to just do it somehow.So is it for the story? Not entirely... Although that lack of purpose is quite intriguing to me. I've always made up my own stories while playing games growing up, connecting universes that had no actual logical ties, feeling like each game was a part of a larger experience.Is it for the gameplay?Actually not at all. After over 50 hours, I became utterly bored with the mine, sell, mine, sell, gameplay. With the Foundation update, I can fully say that the controls for NMS are very friendly on a DS4 (as it works natively). Trading was definitely not a focus for NMS and totally destroyed by some mods (see Everything Tradable mod). Gunplay is quite boring as you'll be spamming your fire button at alien until dead, or spam it at sentinels until dead, or if you run out of ammo, use the mining laser. The focus is to grow yourself and your base, in order to do that you must explore.However, ever since new modes have come out for this game I've been able to use NMS as a relaxing experience rather than a dreadful space mining collect-a-thon. With creative mode, the focus became exploration entirely. Find a planet with an amazing color scheme, enjoy your time on it, walk around, see the wildlife, see what the new patches have added, close the game when sufficiently relaxed. This is thoroughly a singleplayer experience, and you'll notice that there really isn't much to do in an infinite universe that looks quite the same. So is it for the gameplay? No, the gameplay is repulsive, and repetitive. Another point of criticism I have to make is this game is not in any way scientific. There are no orbital paths, there is no actual sun, nor are there different types of suns, or clusters, or any big astronomical accuracies. There is however a black hole... that acts more as a worm hole (see Worm Hole mod for NMS).Is it for the presentation?Usually when it comes to games, graphics aren't everything, but presentation means a lot. If it's one of those ""typical indie 8-bit"" titles I'm always okay with that, as long as the colors and art differentiate it from other games. NMS is possibly the most colorful, and one of the most beautiful space games out there. Flying from the ground to space for the first time gives such an incredible rush and it feels amazing. Flying into a station, walking around a planet all can be very calming and has it's own beauty. Overall the graphics, the art, the color is amazing; this is very much eye candy. The soundtrack done by 65daysofstatic, one of my favorite post-rock bands has definitely accelerated the atmosphere of this game to a very immersive level. So is it for the presentation? I would say that it just might be, the soundtrack along with the art and graphics all immerse you into this world so quickly it's almost hard to come back out of unless you realize how much crap you actually have to deal with.Is it for the mods?Yes and no. Some of the mods (see the master mod) have definitely improved on not only the immersion and atmosphere of the game, but then you can see a lot of what was missed and what can't be done by modders. It is however, very easy to mod, and with the same coin, easy to break.Is it for the updates?Yes, definitely yes. The updates so far have been very good in addressing concerns that a lot of critics have had with the game. This has added a lot of quality of life improvements and all of them have been very well implemented. The game has ran better, loaded faster and added more options (like photo mode and fitlers to the overall game). With every update I am very intrigued to go back, to take a look, to experience something new.Overall, I think if NMS was sold for $20 I'd recommend it on that it's a glorified ambient album by 65daysofstatic. The fact that the game still sits at around $60 that's way too much. However, if you are very much interested in games such as Star Citizen, Elite: Dangerous, X3 and Wing Commander, this could be a very nice and friendly start and would recommend it to folks new to the genre... when it's on sale."
76561198066261098,Not Recommended,275850,25736918,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Osaka,"This is easily the best scam I've seen in a while.  The only other hilariously comparative venture I've seen to date has been Star Citizen, except that this game has actually released.  The amount of hype surrounding the game was immense, the trailers were amazing, the promises were ...promising.  Just enough to make you want the game.  And it worked.  A lot of people did buy the game.  The joke is, that there's JUST ENOUGH content to take you just beyond steam's 2-hour refund cut-off.  At least by now most people are aware that it's absolutely horrific, in terms of games with a price tag usually present on a-class productions (fallout, witcher, elder scrolls, souls games, etc)I feel ripped off for having pre-ordered this, and I feel foolish for having been so happy when telling friends that I'd pre-ordered it."
76561198271207494,Recommended,275850,34677886,Posted: 1 September,all,"InterstellarCN™ ◢◤ ""Rush B!""",Getting better and better!
76561198012672803,Not Recommended,275850,25274340,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,prismo,"Steam should be giving us refunds for this, they obviously lied."
,Not Recommended,275850,24969615,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Jeff,"Worst PC port since Batman. Also almost nothing in the trailer or screenshots is actually presented the way it actually is in the game, can you say fraudulent advertising?"
76561198031557301,Not Recommended,275850,25095377,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Morees,"Ok so here is the thing , i did not get the game for the hype , i got it because i really liked what the game ""should"" have been according to the videos and trailers and Sean's reviews , it simply wans't .The game IS huge in size and potential . it IS somewhat nice but only for few hourse .i did not have PC related problems , it ran fine with my mid-range rig , it have decent graphics too .I know that the hype over the game have raised the expectations higher that can be achevible , but it really could be better , it really could be amazing , and it was not and here is why**SPOILER** :1- Repetetion , same thing over and over again , same crafting resources and recipies , on every planet you get to . **SPOILER** Sadly , repetetion is the ""theme"" of the game ending .2-Story , there is no story , not a good one anyway. now you could get the game only for the exploration side but you will suffer from numbet 1 .3-Price , So high for what the game offers , it does not worth the price tag on it spicially when i lost the hope in ""the game will get better , maybe co-op , maybe another story ""Bottom line : it is a great idea ; gone wrong , if you want to try it and actually enjoy it ... look for mods , which is sad but atleast it will make it a better . And wait for the price to drop ."
,Not Recommended,275850,24895217,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Satoverlord,"Remember Spore? Particularly the space stage?No Man's Sky is almost the water down version of it.  A ""Procedurally generated universe"" cannot kill the boredom created by repetition of gameplay. To make things worse, lots of the assets generated are largely the same. You can find the exact same type of plant(same mesh) with slight change of texture on almost every planets you travelled.NMS's space does not make you feel like space at all. There's no gas-giants. Every single planet has atmosphere for some reasons. Space stations are basically the same, inside and outside.To be fair, there are many loveable planets. But there's nothing to do apart from exploring and scanning.What's in the trailer is a completely different game, not the one we recieved from paying an AAA game price.With this price, you can buy Starbound and Spore, so that you can have two worlds to play on, WITH a huge amount of customizations, building, combat on TOP of EXPLORING and SCANNING. Former even allows multiplayer.While I did not encounter too many bugs and crashes, at this point, I cannot recommend the game to anyone until new features are added.Perhaps the game would have been benefitted a lot from Early Access."
,Not Recommended,275850,24938521,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Defrag your hard drive,"18 quintillion planets, nothing to do."
,Not Recommended,275850,27688345,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Hybrid,The Steam Awards 2016;“Biggest scam of all time” Award goes to; No Man's Sky
76561198125178291,Recommended,275850,27831347,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Cpt. Mittens,"INTROThis review covers a lot of the political repercussions of the poor launch reception but also discusses some key game features and their improvements. The nature of this review can cause quite a controversy so read at your own risk.IMPORTANT NOTE FOR IMPROVEMENTThe game is much more likely to achive a greater improvement if the development team is motivated to improve it. Negative reinforcement alone is not a good motivator at all and in fact can leave the person or people in question unmotivated to do anything. I feel that if we want to see good improvements on this game we should give more support to the good features of the game but in so we must not forget the bad ones either.GRINDINGWell the game has a lot of grinding as do other games and the grinding can be fun, but if you are just playing the game to complete it, then the grinding becomes the main objective and it can become very boring, if you take your time to explore and scan creatures and appreciate some of the good ones then you can expect to have a nice evened out experience.SIZE OF THE GAMEThe game is big, very big. The game consists of more planets than you will ever be able to set foot on so there is that but at the same time this is just kind of an illusion as you are going around from planet to planet, eventually you will realise that there is not a huge amount of variation amoungst the plannets. But, there is enough to give you that illusion if you let it, of course you can nit pick and look really closely and break the illusion but you are only doing that to yourself, take it like a picture best viewed from a certain distance.EXPLORATIONIt is no lie that No Man's Sky has a veriety of means to produce novel situations to the player, this is wonderful and really helps drive your onwards, the creatures that you discover can be very different from one another. However, you need to take this with a pinch of salt, it can't be easy trying to populate a game with all kinds of new creatures when the game is as big as No Man's Sky. There is a wonderful video that explains how the creatures in No Man's Sky are made up, I recommend taking a look at it if you are interested.STORYThe game has an objective but also has freedom, the ""main"" objective (if you want to call it that) is to get to the center of the universe, yes you can do that but you can also take your time in doing so, that is how I have played it and I am enjoying myself doing so, you can really immerse yourself along the way and enjoy the game as an exploration.SPACE TRAVELWho does not love space travel, and no mans sky does it wonderfully, I can fly down to a planet and blast off from one with no loading screen and I can explore a vast collection of star systems and fly wherever I want, the game does this brillinatly. The only drawback from this is the inavbillity to fly close to structures and terrain with your space craft, this really breaks the illusion of flight and makes it feel like you are being bubble wrapped and your hand is being held, maybe I want to crash into the ground!!GROUND COMBATThe combat in the game is some of the weakest combat I have experienced in gaming. However, the combat is there, it exists and I am happy that they put it in the game, the ground combat at least gives me some sense of danger whilst you are roaming around on the ground doing your thing. However the ground combat is really easy and does not pose much of a threat, this could really do with a tweak.SHIP COMBATWell, the ship combat in the game is a different story, I personally like the ship combat with a pinch of salt but yet again, the inabillity to fly close to objects and terrain ruin it so much, I want to fear the ground and other objects as I battle it out in my ship, I want to use them to my advantage as I take risks by flying close to the ground so that my enemy struggles to keep up. Besides this immersion breaker, the ship combat is awesome and does what it says on the tin. However, it is few and far between, you are not going to be finding a lot of combat unless you go out looking for it and even when you do it can take a while to find it.CRAFTING & INVENTORYOf lord of lord, the crafting and inventory system needed a lot of work and work has been done. The inventory system was lacking to say the least and the crafting was simply combing two objects to make one, It felt very tacked on in the game. I am sorry Hello Games but this is one of the things that I couldn't stand in No Man's Sky and it needs an overhaul. I will however give it props that it does work and it does what it says on the tin so I can't complain too much, it is not somthing that will ruin your time playing No Man's Sky but sheesh, it could do with a little touch up.VALUEA lot of people critise the game for its price and I completely get that, I do see how the game could be a bit too pricey, yes it is pretty costly but I am keeping my hopes up that with more and more updates the game will become worth the original money that I payed for it. The first update marks a great step towords a great game and I have faith that the updates will keep on rolling outNOTE ON SUPPORTI know that the advertisement was really missleading and I know that the game was over hyped by a lot of people but if we keep throwing insults at the game just for the sake of it and just falling into confirmation bias, then all we will see is a crap game. Try not to be driven like a sheep with horse blinders on and make your own oppinion of the GAME and not the ADVERTISEMENT or POLOTICS that run with it. What we have here is a good game, its not the best game by any means but it is not a bad game at all. I have really enjoyed my time in No Man's Sky and will continue to play the game. Be unique and make your own oppinion of the game and don't follow the mass of people that are slandering the game for political reasons alone.NOTE ON NEGATIVE REVIEWSThe majority of negative reviews are unfortunatly the product of something called ""groupthink"" (look it up) Where a large mass has come together and followed majority view and slandered the game without any real thought, in fact a lot of the reviews you will see have only reviewed this game, so you can see by this that they are just jumping on the band wagon and giving it a negative review. HOWEVER! before you go crazy on me, some of the negative reviews, in fact a LOT of the negative reviews highlight a lot of really helpful things that the development team can take action on, these are constructive reviews and well explained personal oppinion and I respect them.NOTE ON POSOTIVE REVIEWSThe positive reviews on No Man's Sky are lacking and I am making an inference based on the key points I have discussed that this is a product of ""The bystander effect"" (look it up). Of course by saying this I am making the assumption that Hello Games is a victim in this and I know that will spark a rather large proportion of controvecy so please think of it as, this: Everyone is attacking the development team and no one wants to help by giving an alternate view, in fear of being attacked themselves. Yet again, I erge you to make your own oppinions.TLDRThe game itself is fantastic, I love it and will continue to play it, I have outlined a lot of the reasons as to why the game is seen as such a negative thing. The game has a few immersion breaking features but can be overlooked, as an exploration game its brilliant, as a survival/FPS, it lacks.Overall I will recommend No Man's Sky not only to people that are new to it but also those that have purchased it before the update, give it another go and please make your own oppinion of the game, don't fall into ""groupthink""P.SI value all others oppinions and I am open to constructive criticism of my review. Respect people and people respect you."
,Not Recommended,275850,24846609,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Dimensioh,This game has the potential to be great on PC. Thus it being semi-well received on consoles. If the devs over at Hello Games address the frame problem/crashing/audio problem then I believe we will all start enjoying ourselves a little more with this game. Until the constant crashing and/or 10 FPS that I get on my rig. I cannot recommend this game. Will revoke once fixed.
76561198013848520,Not Recommended,275850,25044333,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Splat,"Pretty to look at, Boring and tedious to play. Maybe worth 13$ bargin bin."
,Not Recommended,275850,24846585,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Dubs,"Frequent crashes on start up, incredibly crap FPS.[Edit] Game isn't actually bad. Perfomance is"
,Not Recommended,275850,28083145,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Cirno,"Would I recommend this game after the 1.1 patch?Not really, it has improved a lot but give it 6 more months for another huge update and maybe it will be worth buying and playing."
,Not Recommended,275850,24990983,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Hondo,I owned it. I returned it. Got my refund. Bought Deus Ex Mankind Divided. Onwards and Upwards!
,Not Recommended,275850,25014683,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Sacheverell,"I don't even know where to start. Promised (even shown) but non-existent content? Denial of a significant percentage of bugs? An experience that is miles wide but millimeters deep?I wanted to love this game more than anyone, and the only thing that disappointed me more was Spore."
76561198000550822,Not Recommended,275850,25103983,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Coolidge,"It's probably posted elsewhere but Angry Joe's review captures everything I think about this game. It had so much promise... and promise is the key word. Things were promised, things were sold to us, and this game did not deliver.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTTPlqK8AnYThis game is a tech demo. Do not buy"
76561198306940852,Not Recommended,275850,25113880,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,dopinder,"Not a good game. The frame rate is terrible and i have a good pc, it is a waste of time. It looks good from videos and photos but its a different game once you play it."
,Not Recommended,275850,25122618,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Matazar,"Can be fun and relaxing, but not enough depth for the price tag. They've improved some of the performance bugs, but there are still issues with it crashing on PC.Just some general complains:- All ships are the same. Sure they look different but outside of storage you don't gain anything.- Factions are pointless- UI is garbage- Each solar system is static (planets don't rotate around the sun, moons don't rotate around the planets- Almost all resources are available on all planets, trading seems pointless.- So far most of the planets I've seen have a very similar structure.- There is no point to checking different parts of any single planet, the entire planet is exactly the same all over.- Flying is just terrible. There is an invisible wall preventing you from flying to close to the surface of a planet. It's basically auto pilot, which makes it fun trying to land on a pad that you can't see.I'd say it's worth $20 but wouldn't recommend spending more on it unless they add a good amount of content/features."
76561198031794967,Not Recommended,275850,25092122,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,divineshadow,"This is the worst game I have ever played. Adding insult to injury, the $60 price tag is unjustified for a game so broken and lacking in content. There are 18 bazillion planets, and on each one of them you do the exact. same. thing. Do not purchase this mind numbing piece of shovelware."
,Not Recommended,275850,25096647,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Stewjitsu1984,"I was really looking forward to this game and, to be honest, really loved it for a while. The idea of having a universe which is procedurally generated and full of strange worlds to explore really excited me which is why I felt so let down after 15 hours or so of gameplay. I even kept it going for twice that time, hoping that things would get better but they don't.We were promised all sorts of great stuff such as factions to join in order to feel like you were taking part in the universe but it's more like you're just passing through it. The aliens you meet are extremely boring and repetative, leaving the universe feeling empty and dry. The ships look nice to start with but they don't have any variation at all in terms of how they feel to fly in.The overall objective of the game was built up to be this amazing journey to the centre of the galaxy but in actuality, all you do is wander around for hours grinding for materials to build irrelevant upgrades for your suit, weapon and ship or wander from place to place to salvage ships in order to increase your inventory size. You pay £40 to grind resources to upgrade your inventory size so that you can grind more resources!Granted the feel of the universe is great and it does have the feeling of enormity but this is certainly not enough to make the experience enjoyable and is certainly not worth the asking price.I hope Sean Murray does keep his word (LOL!) and release future DLC to make the game more exciting but given his track record on keeping promises, I wouldn't hold your breath."
76561198005433959,Not Recommended,275850,25134334,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,may_be_tedd,No man's lie is boring.  There is really no reason to keep playing it. Missing features and dull.
76561198002733141,Not Recommended,275850,25127981,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,IDENWIHAM,"Orginally I wrote a good review on No Man's Sky trying to get into it and defending it's aspects of exploration.I now realize that was a mistake.The game's ending is trash, the exploration after a few hours feels repetitive and not special at all. There are a lot of needless run-arounds and the ""infinite possibilities"" generation doesn't make the game refreshing in gameplay at all.Essentially every planet feels the same and it's a never-ending cycle of cloned areas and static scenery.The pre-order ship is useless, litterally the moment I left my starter planet I found a better ship.Prior to the release I had no knowledge of the game, after playing it and reading what was promised, I strongly believe that you should have shelved this game and made what you said you were going to make before releasing it. Because this game as it stands, is basically a 60$ ""planet"" generator with little to no content.Either add what you said you were going to add or man up and accept the fact that you lied about what was in the game and were even shady and dodgy through out every interview regarding the game, hone up to it, ask for forgiveness from those who gave you a chance or count your game developing days over.Also no amount of positive media coverage and paying for these so called ""gaming news"" websites to make this turd into a sparkling gem will sway those who have already played/seen the game."
76561198321186274,Not Recommended,275850,25256821,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,XShockedRelicX,im not using steam again till i get at least 1/2 my money back from a game that does not work. i was lied to.
,Not Recommended,275850,25252558,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Professional N00b,"This game is fun... for about 5-10 hours.  Then you'll spend the rest of your time hoping that you didn't waste $60, wanting as hard as you can to believe that the features promised are actually in the game.  But they aren't.  And after a few more hours you'll realize that you've been swindled.This game would have been fine for a $20 price tag if the developers had been honest about what all the game had to offer.  But as it stands it's a game the size of the universe with the depth and complexity of a piece of paper.Don't let the trailers or screenshots of the game on Steam fool you, that is NOT what the game is and most of the features have been completely cut or were never there to begin with.  I'm ashamed that Steam even lets that kind of false advertisement stay up on their store, to be honest.TL;DR: The game is a rip-off and doesn't deliver on most of the promises it has.  Fun for the first few planets until you realize that they're all the same.  Like watching a random number generator with pretty graphics."
76561198030751331,Not Recommended,275850,25234097,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,ReadyPlayerOne,LIES
76561198043039282,Not Recommended,275850,25152960,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,peace among worlds,"$60 for this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Plus, it's not even worth pirating."
76561198044401093,Not Recommended,275850,24995702,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,COSMO,It feels like an early acess game. I would not want anyone to pay 60 for this shell of a game. it could be cool if there was actually a full story and more game mechnics that were fun.
76561198023559903,Not Recommended,275850,25268581,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,TurdFerguson,"I would rather jerk off a wild cat with a hand full of broken glass, than play another minute. What a steamy pile, thanks for the lies murray."
76561197989899066,Not Recommended,275850,25369713,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Jay,Wait for it to go on sale.... then still don't buy it.
,Not Recommended,275850,25080121,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Captain_Spookintosh,Shawn is a dirty liar. The game is lackluster and overpriced.Refunded.
,Not Recommended,275850,25075409,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Mr. Darcion,"Hi to all you ""No Mensies"", copy paste aliens and other unknown jumping weird blob creatures. (More about the blob creatures later...)Firstly i would like to make clear that i fancy all kinds of space scifi like Star Wars, Mass Effect, Star Trek, Babylon 5, Lexx, etc and i had missplaced high hopes for this games gameplay. It is true that there is unfathomable amount of planets to explore 18,446,744,073,709,551,616 planets to be precise and this does not include space stations, space anomalies, black holes and aswell the mystery in the middle of the galaxy.... But this incredible 18 quintillion number could be the major flaw and downfall of this game.The next segment i'm going to speak might be little bit unfair since the brands and IP:s i mentioned above are allready legendary series and are well estabilished in millions of peoples hearts and minds.Let me make this little bit clearer for example when i think of Star Wars there is certain things that make the SW-universe living and breathing to me like mysteries of The Force, amazing weaponry including the most famous fantasy hand held weapon Lightsaber and fantastic vistas like the tech city of Coruscant or paradise of Alderaan. Most importantly there are characters you care like Ben Kenobi, Han Solo and my personal icon and hero Luke Skywalker.And from here we get to the main issue in the current game ""Quantity over Quality"". I don't care at all about the alien races since they are pretty much copy paste of each other with few defining factors. Yes they talk differently, have different looks and have different motivations like the Gek like trading and money while Vykeen's are war like race, BUT in the main scheem of things (in my current 49h+ played time) it does not matter at all what race you talk to and how you treat them. They either give you rewards or not, but thats it. They don't get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off you say them to F***K off or they won't revere you in anyway even though you have treated them like Jeesus himself.Planets and creatures seem to also be very copy pasted. I swear iv'e been so many barren planets that it's not even funny and i have seen way too many jumping blob creatures without legs with few variations. It's amazing that the game thinks that i have found a new creature when i've seen the same freaking stupid things in different planet with slightly different meshes. Where the hell are all the cool dinosaurs and mountain sized snakes?Space stations have been absoultely the same in every system i have visited with maybe different race, but as i previously said they are the same with different skins... Sucks... Couldn't there be atleast like minigames in the cantina or something?Spaceships... Or should i call them spaceholder graphics for your interplanetary van. I might be repeating myself, but same problem arrises with the spaceships that they are basicaly just skins over inventory that you can fly. There is slight differece how you see outside from the inside of the spaceship and texture aesthetics are definetly different between fighters, science vessels, dropships, etc... BUT once again it does not matter if you choose Sputnik look-alike science vessel or x-wing looking fighter since you can build any spaceship mod to any spaceship and make them anything wich makes the categorization of ships to different classes absolutely pointless. The most important thing is that you get the inventory space to the max 48 slots.Pros:- Finding stuff.- You get to name your own findings.- Massive over 100h+ game.- Future promise (Hoping for CO-OP)Cons:- The entire invetory system wich is amazingly stupid and weird... You can stack lets say 250 iron ATOMS to one slot inside of your inventory wich you can use to make stuff... But what the hell! Am i really supposed to believe i can make a freaking thing with so few atoms since a SINGLE human cell has 100 trillion atoms... Now think about a single power cell. -.-- No autosorting of anykind in inventory,- Stacking of items seems to be buging the hell out.- Stupid♥♥♥♥♥cursor that you need to wait for anything to happen when you click something. (Had to MOD this to make it instant)- Save system that is definetly not ment for PC.- No wingmen, companions or minions.- You can't use your spaceship to mine planetary surfaces even though a sinlge shot from your rapid firing photon torpedos can obliterate meteors. (the weapons don't do ANY damage to anything on planet surface)- Extremly anoying autosteering sytem with spaceships.- Can't get any larger than fighter craft, no destroyers or battleships.- Space Battles seem to be pointless and should be avoided.- Non living and breathing galaxy.- Language system that i feel is pointless and is just made to make the game longer.- Main Story wich you loose interest fast.- Extremly grindy.- Copy/Paste stuff.- Gameplay feels amazingly primitive and shallow like almost something early 2000s.- Graphics... And no i'm not talking about the graphic style, but acctual graphics.Final Words:This should be a perfect example what happens when the hype train goes full speed and nobody is steering it. The game showed promise and the game could evolve to something great, but at in its current state it is definetly not wort the 60€ mark. [EDIT IM NOT COMING BACK AFTER LEARINGING THE TRUTH ABOUT THE CENTER OF THE UNIVERSE! F***K THIS GAME, F***K SEAN AND F***K HELLO GAMES] STILL after all the cons i find myself coming back to the game and having decently fine time until i get bored. I'd advice anyone interested on this game to wait atlest for the next great steam holiday sales. When you see this game with a -50% or -75% than i'd suggest you to try it out.Final Score:I'll give this game ""perfect"" score of 4 out 10 Space Anomalies."
76561198001864690,Not Recommended,275850,25139663,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,star stuff,DO NOT PAY $60 FOR THIS GAME. This is a pretty good game that falls WAY short of what was expected and is a slap in the face to all game developers who do produce games worth $60. Selling this at $60 is a rip-off and buying it for $60 is fiscally irresponsible.
,Not Recommended,275850,25125338,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,CrazyThang,Basically everything they promised was a lie. See the site below for more info.http://onemanslie.info/
76561198163542659,Not Recommended,275850,25120063,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,mrgamebr1,"No Man's Sky is an unfinished mess of a game in which the developers (especially the lead dev Sean Murray) have outright lied about full parts of their game in their intervierws.  Yet, they still somehow manage to charge $60!  60 god damn dollars!  That is the price of a AAA title with lots of developers and money put into it.  Guess how many developers Hello Games has? 15 people.  That, is the size of devs that INDIE games have with the price worth of an INDIE game.  No Man's Sky is an indie game but it is priced as a AAA title, even with it's unfinished parts of the game.  That is a total ripoff to me.  No wonder No Man's Sky players have dropped about 90% since its original release for PC."
76561197982111209,Not Recommended,275850,25134409,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,[DOD]Knuckles,"Why borhter writing a review at all. If you side with the Fan boys, you are attacked by the haters.If you side with the haters you are attacked by the fan boys.The game is flawed.The game REEKS of broken promises.And honestly, its rather boring once you have mined and upgraded and seen all the odd mis-shapen creatures you care to see.The ONLY thing new this game has is the sheer sze of the play field/field's.Even the procedural generation was done before.Elite come to mind for anyone else? And im not talking about ""Elite Dangerous""Im talking about ELITE. See the excerpt below.""Elite is a space trading video game, written and developed by David Braben and Ian Bell and originally published by Acornsoft for the BBC Micro and Acorn Electron computers in September 1984""Yes, THAT Elite. From back in 1984.So, honestly, there really is nothing new here.Dont even bother with this title.Not untill they add all the things they were SUPPOSED to have in the game from launch.And Even then, any add on should be FREE like Sean said THE DAY THE GAME was released.He even took THAT promise back.what a♥♥♥♥♥♥!!"
,Not Recommended,275850,25134242,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,AdverseE®,"Like many others who have reviewed this game, it takes about 25 hours for you to get to the point where you realize nothing is going to change and that there really is no point to everything you are doing. The game feels like an Early Access Game that was released with only 70% of the content complete. I hope that future updates add more to the game, specifically an interesting reason to keep going, but my hopes are not high. Otherwise, this will be just another $60 mistake.Edit after Atlas Rises update: So they added a bunch of crap to the game and some people are over the moon (no pun tintended) and singing the praises. Well, I did not have the same experience as those people. Within the first 3 sessions of playing, I encountered multiple bugs, some game breaking that required a new load. It all came back to me as I played that this just isn't fun. Its a damn inventory management game with a space screensaver skin. In addition, being attacked by ships before you have even been able to upgrade your ship and then having to go get your 'grave' items only to have the same ships kill you again is NOT FUN. THIS GAME IS NOT FUN. At this point, they could have 1 million new updates with all sorts of♥♥♥♥♥♥ but a pig in a dress is still a pig. No thank you."
,Not Recommended,275850,25343108,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Gabriel Angelos,Refund
,Not Recommended,275850,24965302,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Daddy's Dainty Cum Prince,"Contrary to what the majority of online reviews for No Man's Sky would suggest, this game did not shoot down a commercial air liner, invade multiple neighboring states, sanction a dictator's use of nerve gas on his revolting populace, bankrupt one of the world's biggest economies due to sanctions for the aforementioned, run a massive state-sponsored doping program for its entire olympic team, or vociferously support the 2016 presidential campaign of Donald J. Trump. In stark contrast, all No Man's Sky has done is merely charge $59.99 for a game that nerds were apparently overly excited about, which commits the mortal sin of crashing sometimes.What No Man's Sky provides is an engaging and immersive experience in the form of a top tier walking simulator, in which the player is both free to follow a purportedly engaging storyline, or just do whatever they want, forever (being the sort that has logged well over 2000 hours in KSP, I belong firmly to the latter category, so I can't really comment on the story beyond the fact that it seems like it would be interesting if I cared). Starting worlds are sometimes boring but you can easily spend dozens of hours combing them for whatever resources or making up little missions for yourself; if this game cost $9.99, or had it not forcibly sodomized an entire incoming class of high school freshmen on the first day of school, it surely would have gotten an overwhelmingly positive reception.Where it ultimately falls short is the same place minecraft does: the inventory system seems like a tacked-on time sink and the combat is terrible. Unlike Minecraft, there are currently no options to disable all this--and furthermore, without these two facets, you would basically just have a poor man's version of Space Engine, which is free. So while I do enjoy the game, and I can rest safely knowing that this game did not actually behead a toddler and post videos of it online, I can't actually recommend it for everyone.* I edited this review to walk back on some statements about the variability of the worlds--they do vary a good bit--and the size of the game, because honestly who cares. I still stand by it basically being a paid version Space Engine (another ""game"" I've logged dozens if not hundreds of hours in), with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ combat and an annoying inventory system"
76561198097012277,Not Recommended,275850,30952280,Posted: 4 April,all,Isle Beer Doug,"It's a decent game, but it has a lot of bugs and gets way too repetitive.  It's definitely not worth full price, but might be worth it on sale"
76561197994586670,Not Recommended,275850,24884992,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,TOKOLOSE,"Nice tech-demo but no cigar,So here it goes, I waited for this game for such long time and when it finaly arrived I was bitterly disapointed.Dont take me wrong I love the idea of proceduraly generated universe but it's execution in NMS ist so shallow that even dingy would get stuck. Not mentioning balant lies by devs (or unclear descriptions). So I will not waste any more of my breath (finger tips) on explaining and just make bullet points- NO multiplayer in any shape or form (despite what devs promissed)- repetetive planets (only few barren one)- boring and shallow gameplay- horrid optimalisaton- stupid AI and NPC- no functional physics (if you mine rock base rest just keep hover in air)- price tagAll over this is Indie game sold for AAA title price. It's shallow and boring and thou it present us with some impresive technology it's use is executed poorly and WAY off it's full potential.So all over score?4/10bad luck guys try harder next time."
76561197986425557,Not Recommended,275850,25273430,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,ze_fox,very disappointed with the game and it will probably take years to get to the level of promises they made.....I tried to avoid reviews and gameplay before launch to make the experience special but after 2 hours the whole game starts to fall apart!
76561198041001024,Not Recommended,275850,25222288,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Fukboi McNasty,"I watched my friend stream it and decided i should buy it. Little did i know that i had watched everything there is about this game. Procedural generation is the only real feature of this game to keep you playing since there isn't much to do in this game besides explore. Yet exploring becomes mundane as all the fauna, flora, and landscapes are nearly identical. There is no possiblility of finding unique geographical structures akin to Mount Everest. Although this game was very pretty and had interesting mechanics i felt that between the features that were promised and my actual gameplay there is a lot of work to do. It isn't very enjoyable for $60. You'll be lucky to get as many hours as i did before you discover everything you need to know about this game."
,Not Recommended,275850,25782854,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Lucage,I regret not getting a refund when I had the opportunity. I was holding out for patches that would fix what was missing. It's clear now that this is not going to happen.
,Not Recommended,275850,25386524,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Cats_Pajamas,"The fact that Steam had to disclaimer the fact that the normal refund policy applies tells you everything. This game went from a game I tried to defend to being a game that I believe deserves a lawsuit. Absolute disappointment. It's nice visually for a couple of hours but once you realize every planet has the same planets, the same minerals, and all you do is land, collect, take off, land, collect , repeat repeat repeat you will understand the frustration. There are about 5 different alien npc's in 3 races. Every space station looks EXACTLY the same, and there's no point to having infinite planets if there's 6 different kinds that feel the same. Awesome concept, but HORRIBLY executed. Please save your money."
76561198057029518,Not Recommended,275850,25115040,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,ishchuks,Should be a $20 game. This is an Alpha build and an unstable one at that. the environment consists of a 48 model environment glued to five positions. Everything is the same after couple of planets and boring... The videos and game play looked a lot like are only there for the sale pitch even Sean himself said that is edited for a richer environment. I got msi1080x and the game looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥graphically in comparison.
,Not Recommended,275850,25297687,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Captmiller,"I wish I had not purchased this game, unfortunately I tried to give it a good amount of time to catch my interest but only accomplished playing long enough to void my steam refund option. I don't think its totally the developers fault. I had high hopes for this game but the inventory game and repetitiveness wore on me quickly. I do wish that steam would give a person longer to see if a game is worth their money, but in the end all I have learned is to listen more to the reviews (I waited for a week to see what the reviews came in at and still bought it) I think that your money could be spent on a better game!"
76561198087686301,Not Recommended,275850,25029786,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Fheran,"Please do not buy this game, as it is a money making sceme. You will find very little of the promised content in this game. Rather spend your money on something that is not a total joke."
76561198028670963,Not Recommended,275850,25412382,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,TommyGun,1 inch deep pond.
,Not Recommended,275850,25474553,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Dr Mike,"Slow, repetitive grindfest ""survival"" exploration game with procedurally generated lack of content."
,Not Recommended,275850,25114698,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Pixeldroid,"I really tried to get into it, I gave it 70hrs but I just can't do it anymore. It's just so incredibly boring and nothing ever really happens. None of the lore is very interesting or intriguing and the supposed AI is sevearly lacking as far as the creatures and pretty much everything else goes for that matter. Sadly I cannot refund this game at this point, I have very little hope for it ever being improved with updates. Not wasting my time with it anymore, definitely buy something else for the current price point."
76561198044839075,Not Recommended,275850,25583947,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Tree,Complete lie of a game and waste of $60. Enough Said.
76561198032093691,Not Recommended,275850,25584669,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,landsfiskalen,Fun for the first few hours but it quickly gets repetitive.
76561198090467524,Not Recommended,275850,25864776,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Nice Birb,"I wanted this to be a good game, I wanted to enjoy it. But with all the lies from the developers about ""epic space battles"" and  ""an open world were every player exsists in one world"" but all those points were proven lies. I really wanted this to be good and enjoy it hence I gave it eight hours of playtime. The worst thing is the devs seem to have forgoten about the game."
,Not Recommended,275850,25284041,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,DomPC,"This Game is Fun for the first few hours, but gets repetitive quickly. If you want a Cheaper Game Like this just play Spore. More Fun Similar Game."
,Not Recommended,275850,24846605,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,bog except spooky,No Man's PC can handle it.
76561198107199430,Not Recommended,275850,25435852,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,OrangeJesse,"A good lesson of ""do not follow the hype"". Absolutely fraustrated."
76561197968650716,Not Recommended,275850,25274337,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,MrJolly,"Well I actually find the game quite relaxing to play but as time draws on more and more things just start to grind on me. Straight up I'd recommend it if you like this kind of game and it was priced around a quarter of it's current price.But there in lies the rub. How do you know what kind of game it is when the first video trailer of clearly ingame footage as part of the store page contains lots of elements that do not actually feature in the game or are different enough in negative ways.Take, for example, the discoveries: in the video it looks very seemless and slick but instead you now have to focus on the object with your visor until it's completed it's discovery. Repeat over and over and it all feels a bit clunky.The ship flight is nothing like as per the video, you know the one on the store page trying to convince you to buy. The animal behaviours are not as per the video either, in fact, it appears the larger animals haven't even been seen.It's a shame because some of these things should be relatively easy to add and I hope they do. I never really expected the worlds to have biomes as such but I would have thought the algorithms would consider things like distance to sun to determine basics such as temperature. It's also confusing to have large populations of fauna on desolate rocks but nothing on lush green planets teeming with flora.There is disappointment in the lack of basic world simulation such as rotation of planets but I do understand why such things can get chalked up as bug during playtesting, i.e. one minute something was there, the next it's not because it's on the other side of the planet. I'd have hoped the devs would point out this is a feature of the game and try to find ways to assist those struggling to cope with these things, instead a shortcut was seemingly found.This list could go on but fundamentally the store page video is the largest disappointment as it reminds you of what you remembered the game to be before release. I'm actually shocked they haven't pulled it and replaced it with actual gameplay. This all feels like publisher pressure to get the game shipped before some of these things could be properly realised.Finally, if you can look beyond some of the poorly implemented menus, ui and game mechanisms it can be quite a chillout game, even the alien interaction should be seen more like Interactive Fiction than an RPG style game and it becomes a different thing altogether and a more enjoyable experience."
,Not Recommended,275850,25116088,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Hezzy,"Kinda boring. Nowhere near the game that was promised. Pretty scandalous, the developers should be ashamed."
,Not Recommended,275850,24968999,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Ijrn Bru,"Worst Cons: very boring space game. Planets don't move or orbit a sun. To travel to another solar system you just select one then wait out a loading screen. No variety of ships (purely cosmetic differences). Only TWO weapons and ONE Shield. No interesting NPC interactions.Pros: Visually beautiful, albeit highly repetitive. True sense of vastness of the universe. Very, very easy difficulty if you enjoy casual games.Conclusion: 6/10 all things considered. It's a 'buy in a sale' title."
,Not Recommended,275850,25099222,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Adolf Hipster,Do not buy this game unless you enjoy mining continuously for no reason at all.
,Not Recommended,275850,25113929,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,cedeon,The width of an 18 quintillion planet galaxy but the depth of a puddle.  We got duped guys - this game has only a tiny fraction of what was promised.  DON'T BUY THIS GAME!.
76561198118240131,Not Recommended,275850,25124079,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Chris,"What a dissapointing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Repetitive planets, repetitive fauna/flora, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ combat both on land and on ship, runs like dogshit with constant crashes and stuttering issues, a supposedly dissapointing endgame and this isn't even counting the amount of lies fed to us by Sean Murray. I wish I hadn't put as many hours as I did on this game hoping something would be good. Strongly recommend staying away from this one. Go play Star Citizen."
76561198038098559,Not Recommended,275850,25135478,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,RobsMadAgain,"This game is trash. You will have fun for a couple hours as you explore the few planets. After those first couple hours, you'll notice that every planet has a grand total of 4 to 5 different buildings all evenly spaced around the entire planet, with basically the same NPC in each building. ""Oh well I bet if you could understand the language, you would encounter different scripts and stories"". Nope. I have completely translated Korvax and about 200 words in Gek ignorantly hoping I'D find some something unique(frankly I love grinding in games). Absolutely nothing unique between worlds, buildings, creatures, OR CONVERSATIONS. The only thing that changes IS THE GOD DAMN WEATHER (warning, radiation levels rising. Warning extreme cold eminent. Warning temperature stabilizing). Do not buy this game. I made a horrible decision to pre-order this game. I wouldn't have paid 15$ for this♥♥♥♥♥♥had I known that every trailer for this game was a huge lie."
,Not Recommended,275850,25127704,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Idelite,"In short, what a waste of time and money."
,Not Recommended,275850,25082431,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Ruckus,"A simply terrible attempt. It actually kills me to say it, but come on hello games!! what is this?!?!1. Hollow gameplay - barely any content (somehow). every planet has the same objectives; Mine, find POI's, upgrade some stuff, look at things, then fly away.2. Procedurally generated repitition! - Each system has a different number of planets. They are just different freakin colors with life that consists of 'shuffled' pre-designed body parts. Some are hot, and some are cold.....OMG some are poison too... whoa, that's it. Every planet has the same 4 or 5 types of buildings as well.3. Flying is almost completely done for you. Push button to lift off, push button to land (doesnt really matter where). Your star ship is basically on a rail system. You cant crash, period. you cant even swoop down and skim the planets surface. The only thing you can hit, are the astroids AROUND EVERY PLANET??!?!??! Oh yeah, dont worry about dying. there isnt any penalty. if a space pirate kills you, just fly back and grab ALL OF YOUR STUFF from the waypoint they leave you.4. No depth to the solar systems at all. every system looks like a ""jumble"" of planets grouped together in a different color haze. You cant actually fly above everything and witness the distance from the star. I have yet to see gas giants or moons either. Just life on every planet...with buildings...I put about 14 hours into this game and I can confidently say that ive done pretty much everything you can do, in there GIANT PROCEDURAL UNIVERSE.Absolute non-sense. do not buy this game right now. They need to regroup, reevaluate and deliver the ""revolutionary"" game that they spoke about. THIS IS NOT IT.Edit: 8/23/16--------------------***I'm not trying to come off too salty here. It's just the price we paid for this, does not justify the current content provided.It is safe to say that this game has Massive potential. I hope hello games delivers..."
,Not Recommended,275850,25511301,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,ΩKiller,This game is awful. The space is a lie. Don't get it. Get the Witcher 3 instead. No Man's Lie is so♥♥♥♥♥♥ Save your money.DO NOT GET ITThat is all. Thank you.
76561198023185591,Not Recommended,275850,25358716,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Hairballs,"I tried really hard to like this game after spending money on it, but all I got from it was regret. I wish I'd gotten a refund instead."
76561197989564728,Not Recommended,275850,25115926,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,3PY0N,"Went against all the reviews and twitch streamers' opinions of it and thought maybe I'd enjoy it, since I love exploration games and CohhCarnage loves it.  NOPE...after a little under 2hrs I figured, yea I think I'll like it.  Then for SOME reason after the 3rd hr, I regretted it and decided that I basically experienced all there is to experience.Figured I'd try my luck with refund and got shutdown, nope.  Well my fault I guess for giving this game a try.  There goes like $70 down the drain and I can't even use it as a paperweight.  Haven't felt like I threw away money like this since I bought WotLK and the time card way back when and only played for 3 days (just wasn't my thing). RIP wallet :("
76561198098787368,Not Recommended,275850,25080098,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,roflmao,"An indie title dressed up as AAA game.The fact that the game is still advertised with a misleading, preproduced trailer from E3 2014 is slightly infuriating. Be advised that the actual game looks and plays not even remotely as depicted in the trailer.If you can pick it up on sale for a fraction of its retail price, the game is enjoyable for about 4-5 days until you maxed out your 3 inventory screens. The end."
76561198064078318,Not Recommended,275850,25030065,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,malle.1989,"This is my first review ever and I Will keep it short and simple.I don't want to go into detail whether the game-idea/ mechanics are good or bad, I guess that's a question of ones own taste.However what I can review objectively, is that the trailers, screenshots and interviews advertise a different game than which you can download right now.The animal-a.i. is a joke, the graphics are really bad and vertical sync doesn't work...Thank you steam for refunding this buy, maybe I'll check back in half a year or so, if the quality of the product get's extremely better"
76561198053590639,Not Recommended,275850,25029801,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Jazco le Mann,You can play million years and you won't probably see everything the game offers. But after couple of hours you will defeinitelly experience everything in it.
,Not Recommended,275850,25196215,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,gem_ster,"Not that inclined to go back even after 12 hours in. As all press and users have reported, not the game we saw in footage."
76561198005993072,Not Recommended,275850,25138592,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,arbco,"This game has no depth, it feels repetive after a day, and it has nothing to keep you playing once you realize the center of the universe is just a reset of gameplay , a pointless loop.  not worth 60 dollars or worth your time."
,Not Recommended,275850,25138540,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,velvetshark,"Sadly, this is another example of what the developer promised and what we received being very different things.  It's not fair to the customers to make us pay for someone else's broken promises and our enthusiasm of being early adopters--after all, if people weren't enthusiastic, there would be no pre-purchases."
,Not Recommended,275850,25128970,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Kong Buk,I don't usually complain if a game is bad. In fact I have never in my life ever written a review of anything online. I usually don't care enough.But No Man's Sky is the single biggest dissappointment I have ever lived through in a gaming/internett-related event.I want my money back.
,Not Recommended,275850,25132366,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,WixZ,"No Man's Sky...The game that used to give me wonderful dreams of exploration,but ended up giving me nightmares.So where to begin? Let's see... Alright, let's start at the beginning.2 Years ago I was randomly browsing the web in search for something new to play. All of a sudden my eye fell on a E3 showcase video of this breathtakingly beautiful game about space exploration. Immediately I was hooked. What was this wonderful little gem that i had discovered? It was No Man's Sky.For 2 years i stalked their website like a hungry predator. 2 Years of waiting and trying to keep myself from spoiling too much. There wasn't a video or post i didn't know about. Ever since i was little i have been fascinated by the universe. It felt like someone had finally heard my prayers and designed a game especially for me. I was so excited.Then came the release date. First announced as 21st of june, later delayed to 12 august. But heck, i waited 2 years and if it meant that the game would be more polished, i didn't mind.12 August. I was on the store thread all day. Many people were complaining already about the release date and about what had been revealed by streams from the earlier PS4 release. I, myself refrained from watching any of those to keep the mystery alive. The first big mistake i made.Finally, 7 o' clock. The game released. I started to download the game, as expected it went well. 23 mb/s. The game downloaded and installed in under 5 mins. ""Ow yeah baby... you know what time it is? It's One Man's Time."" Heh.. bad joke.So, the game launched. A galaxy appeared in front of my eyes. Countless stars flew by. ""No Man's Sky"" appeared in the middle of my screen. Then it faded to white..And WOW.. Never had I seen a game lag as much as this one. Holy Molly... Horrendous screen tearing and what seemed to be a sub 20 frame rate. For 2 minutes I was forced to watch this screen tearing low fps nightmare intro. But as shocked by the game's performance as I was, I couldn't help but notice how amazing my starter planet looked. Tons of bright green trees with red trunks. Large mountains on the backdrop. And in the sky, a breathtaking sight of a nearby planet. I gotta give the game props for epicness. It certainly has it's moments.So yeah, the intro finally ended and immediatly i bashed the escape button to check out what the hell was going on here. I have a gtx 970, i7 6700k with 16gb of RAM. This performance is simply unacceptable. In the options menu i saw that the fps was capped at 30. Raised it all the way up to 'max'. Turned everything to high. Had to restart the game. Game restarted and appearantly I didn't save. Because God knows how i'm supposed to do that. So I went through the annoying startup intro again. The tearing was still there, but at least the fps seemed better.Once the game allowed me to move around i found out my fps seemed stable at around 40-50, but i couldn't help but notice the massive mouse delay. I left v-sync off for exactly that reason. I could only imagine how much of a delay v-sync would cause on top of this.Anyway, first few moments was a major disappointment as i had to get in and out of the game for over 30 mins to tweak my settings to get the game somewhat playable. But, even after 30 mins of tweaking i still didn't manage to get the game running the way i wanted it to run. So i just accepted it and moved on to actually play the game.10 Mins into the actual ""gameplay"". At first it seemed pretty cool. The game doesn't hold your hand. Which is a good thing i initially thought. I saw how this could be a nice intro to planetary exploration if it was actually enjoyable. But sadly, due to the performance issues it simply wasn't. So the first 15 mins already seemed like a bit of grind towards finding the materials needed to repair my ship. I say grind because as far as the exploration part goes it wasn't enjoyable at all at such a low frame rate combined with horrible input lag. But i managed to find everything i needed to take off from the planet in about 30 mins. I did meet some interesting creatures a long the way. Despite all the issues i was still amazed at how awesome everything looked. If only I was able to enjoy it smoothly...Taking off from the planet, watching how the small area of land I walked around on became smaller and smaller was quite amazing. Passing through the clouds into space for the first time was stunning. Then I noticed the asteroids popping in, somewhat breaking the immersion. I flew around a bit. Landed in a space station. Traveled to one of my starter planet's moons. Everything looked pretty cool.Then i slowly started to understand what everyone was complaining about. The grind. The lack of gameplay. The bugs. The performance issues. The repetitiveness.I actually managed to keep myself busy for 38 hours. Gathering resources and generating profits to get me that awesome ship i saw in some space station. The main drive for me was in fact collecting credits to buy me a big ship, with tons of inventory slots. After that i started grinding out all the exosuit upgrade pods i could find. Finally i managed to upgrade my ship, exosuit and multi-tool to almost maximum. So i started following the Atlas path, collected the Atlas stones to craft me a badge. And yeah, that's pretty much it. After that i started to roam the forums to see if i could up the performance of my game. To get it to run a bit smoother. That's when i noticed how many people where having countless issues. I actually spent more time on the forums than in the actual game. I guess that says something, doesn't it?Anyway, my final verdict of this game... The concept behind it is brilliant. I like to see it as a solid base, to build a game on. Yes, an actual game. This isn't a game. It's a glorified tech demo as many have mentioned before me. That's exactly what it is. It showcases a brilliant mathematically generated universe. The fauna, flora and planetary diversity is just enough to showcase exactly that. In terms of gameplay they put in a very basic feature set to allow for a few hours of fun. But outside of this, the game is as empty as a dry well. Don't get me started on the promised features. I'm simply going to skip that part or this review would become 4 times as long. Anyway, the point is. They charged us 60 bucks for what was advertised as an actual game. What we got is a showcase of a brilliant procedural tech. Does it get my props for that? Hell yeah! Does it make up for the 60 dollar price tag? Hell no.So my advise to you. If you have 60 dollars laying around... Go spend it on beer and pizza. You'll get more enjoyment of it. As of now the game is bland and boring. If you are not extremely interested in solo space exploration. And honestly, even then the game doesn't really provide. I'd much rather spend time visiting planets in Space Engine than in this game, because Space Engine might not have any actual life on it's planets but at least they look very real and leave room for imagination. Which for me, creates more breathtaking moments than i ever got in this game. The creatures, plants, worls all look similar. Different, yes. But similar nonetheless. It's like building spaceships with lego. The spaceships looks different, but in the end they are all build with legos.What i wanted from this game was perhaps my imagination going to wild. I was hoping for strange worlds with stuff like mile high waves (a la Interstellar), planets completely covered in water that have enormous ocean creatures, ... There are literally so much cool things that you could do with a planet. But all the game offers is similar planets with different colors and slightly different shapes. That's it.The tech is there. Gameplay and content is very much lacking and performance is horrible.Wait this one out. Perhaps with updates. But for now, nope."
,Not Recommended,275850,25324400,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,DJ Rumpleskillzkid,"Do Not buy, it takes longer than steams refund policy to get off the first planet then your stuck with a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ and steam wont give you a refund (THAAAAANKS for that BTW, great business strategy) devs are full of♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the game represents that.youve taught me a valuable lesson. about putting faith in younger gaming companies and buying into fake hype that you (the devs) made and spread yourself. also thanks steam, you could have refunded me and i would have given the money right back for another game. youve learned the Gek word for 'crap'"
,Not Recommended,275850,25361203,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Panda,not even close to what every single trailer and gameplay video have shown
76561198052349832,Not Recommended,275850,25076256,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Froin,"Message to Developers: Use the insane amount of money you have charged for this game to hire 10 times the amount of people. Improve the game to the level of all your promises. Thats right, ALL of them. Or, give me my money back. I was not able to decipher if I had been lied to within the time frame alloted for a refund. Show me you have hired a massive team, and push out at least 1 of your false promises. Then I will not feel ripped off by some riffraff. Note, I didnt expect multiplayer, but that is a small piece of what you promised and failed to present. Improve this, or sell your company and find a new job. Until then - Screw Hello Games"
76561198054277499,Not Recommended,275850,25031875,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Under Attack,"This game was falsely advertised, plain and simple.scam of the year."
76561198028983836,Not Recommended,275850,25092263,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Horny Pastry Puffer,"I have enjoyed this game quite a bit, but the game was falsely advertised alot and many of the features promised, and even shown in the steam clips and screenshots are lies. and i am still having many preformance issues after the latest patch that was supposed to fix them, i have CTD half the time on startup and massive frame drops after an hour or two of play. once the game has many of its issues fixed and promised features added i will start playing again. but currently it is not worth $60 maybe $20 or $30, but not $60."
,Not Recommended,275850,25120101,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Niels,"When Sean answered ""No"" when asked if you'd ever get bored of this game I really expected to have alot of hours in this game, instead I've gotten pretty tired after 15 - 20 hours and I'm now at 25 hours and haven't played for a week or so.Worst purchase I've made in years.Don't buy."
,Not Recommended,275850,25141514,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Aoric,Just repetitive with no real goal.
76561198030764262,Not Recommended,275850,25135587,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,thompsj,"As stated before, the game has no direction and is tediously repetitive. It is fun flying around awhile but it is the same thing with different graphics from system to system.  Very disappointing."
76561197968409079,Not Recommended,275850,25127590,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Shonky,So this is what it feels like to be trolled! Well played Sean Murray.
,Not Recommended,275850,25327534,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,The Chemical Dragon,"Pros:-Super Casuial Eliet Dangerous Lite??-Great Periodic table simulator - Get that Carbon!-Buy another game you want instead. Subnautica, or ARK.Cons:None of the features described to by Sean are in the game, this game has endless potential. But instead was released with a AAA price tag, and lacking everything that made it sound like it was worth $60."
76561198206755489,Not Recommended,275850,25506532,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,KyUI,"Don't buy this game. How are they about to charge $60 for this? Thanks, for stealing our money. Where are all the features I was sold on?"
,Not Recommended,275850,25199532,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,schnoz,"Do not recommend to the average consumer.Let me get this straight, I LOVED the first 6 or 7 hours of this game. It was stunning.-The graphics, while simple, are beautiful in the right situation.-The feeling of being able to launch into space, boost to another planet, land, rinse and repeat is easily one of the most groundbreaking feelings out there.-The design of everything in this game is so special. From the geometric space stations, to the grass on a lush planet, to the crystalized formations of minerals, to the ships and tools themselves, it is very unique and nice to look at.There are so many good things about this game. You are probably confused about why I'm not recommending it after all of this, right?The problem is, the cons simply outweigh the pros.-The gameplay gets very repetitive, and managing each aspect of your inventory is downright annoying.-If I hear ""Technology Recharged"" one more time I'm going to throw myself into the vacuum of the cosmos in nothing but my underwear.-There just isn't enough. As you've probably heard a million times, ""Wide as an Ocean, Deep as a Puddle."" (More on this later.)-Too many different performance problems across different rigs.-Combat just doesn't have enough depth. I'm not saying there should be a FOCUS on combat, but it needs to be more than aim and M1. (Which is hard enough on its own with these controls).-Controls for flight are hardly responsive in atmosphere. For some reason they felt it was necessary to not let your spaceship get within 1,000 feet of the surface (hyperbole), and whenever you do, controls just stop working. I can't go up, I can't turn, etc. Definitely not what we saw in trailers.There are so many more nitpicky stuff I can get into, but it would take me all day.The big problem I have isn't that Sean Murray ""lied"" or anything. Hello Games really didn't say ANYTHING about the game's features. That's the main issue. Because we knew nothing, our minds ran wild with ideas. I never believed we would get multiplayer. I never believed we would get a fleshed out story. I never believed we would even get to shoot things up until I figured out I could. The utter silence from HG on what we do and don't have ruined the game for many people.If you like games where you have no real goals and you just run around and do whatever, I would recommend at least LOOKING INTO this game. I can't recommend getting it. The game can't even live up to that. There just isn't enough you can do. In other sandboxes, there are far more options to play with. There's only really 3 things you can do in this game. Fly, Recharge, Collect. All of these things blend together too much in order to be really different from each other. We were showed 3 main pillars of the game that sort of served as ""paths"" the player can follow. That was all but a lie.Paths:-NO specialization of ships, Suits, diplomacy, trading, etc. for the Trader path. The only trading you do is selling whatever you've happened to pick up along the way at a terminal. There are no ""trader ships.""-NO specialization of ships, suits, factions, combat, etc. for the Fighter path. Pirating ships isn't rewarding in the slightest. There isn't a large enough difference in ship stats to make a difference in combat, which is shallow at best. There are no ""fighting ships."" I never saw a single fleet battle in all my hours of play, and only one pirate attack.-NO specialization of ships, suits, tools, etc. for the Explorer path. You'd think that there would be at least SOMETHING different, right? Np. There is no difference in any path.The thing that finally turned this game off for me was the lack of any goal. I never expected a ""story mode"" or quests, but this is just ridiculous. They say the goal is to ""reach the center of the galaxy,"" but even that seems to have been a lie. At the supposed center there is just a warp to ANOTHER GALAXY REGION. I've heard theories about ""a secret story"" and ""THE REAL ENDING,"" but that is hardly a good thing.Conclusion: No Man's Sky was just not enough for the ambition it radiated. The game was just not enough to be what it should've been. The gameplay is stale and repetitive, and cannot support the experience. There just isn't enough. After a solid couple of hours, you feel like you've done it all. If you like repetitive games, take a look, but don't be surprised if it's not for you. Hello Games didn't advertise what their game was, just what it should've been.And now that they may start doing paid DLC for stuff that should've been in the game in the first place, nah, I'm out."
76561197970451076,Not Recommended,275850,25031951,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Oatmeal,Its a fun game for the first 10 hours after that it gets boring. Not worth the $59 maybe $25 tops.
76561198021967229,Not Recommended,275850,25122509,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Mattick,This is a $20 game. Not worth $60. 0/10  Would not do again.
76561198068097206,Not Recommended,275850,25122606,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,nic_lindberg,"Spent 50 hours looking for somthing meaingfull or worth while to achieve. nothing of the sort comes from the experience. aside from being able to land on a planet you see in the distance (which is cool), there arnt any fulfilling experinces. The atlas path and the journey to the center are boring and lack any real reward or meaning. this game lacks what it was promised in so many ways. One of which i am particularly disspointed in is the inability name my ship or upgrade it. (installing items is not upgrading it if i have to sell it or abandon it after working so hard on it.)I do not recommend buying this game, dispite how joyessly i awaited it and tried to forgive its flaws and lies."
76561198281031690,Not Recommended,275850,25138478,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Mr.GrumpyButt,"Giant universe to contain a small single player game with very little content, and overall feels like an Alpha, maybe a Beta.  Too bad guys, you missed a giant opportunity."
76561198139764451,Not Recommended,275850,25133508,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Pastry gamdom.com,"Game is decent, but 100% not worth the money, hello games lied all the way to the bank with thsi game. No multiplayer, simple crafting, and only really one type of ship and 6 renditions of planets. Do yourself a favor and wait untill this game costs 25-30 dollars."
,Not Recommended,275850,25138652,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Xata,"Once I get the game that is shown to me in the trailers I will be happy. I want the build of the game that was demoed at all the conventions and all the interviews. We were lied too, I'm hopeful that Hello Games will update the game to reflect on what was promised and shown to everyone. I don't even care that it may never be multiplayer. This would have been a solid game if we had just gotten what was shown in the trailers.Factions? What factions? Epic space battles? Come on, Star Wars X-Wing vs. Tie Fighter had better flight controls that this game. You don't even see the outposts shown in the gameplay videos. Everything is just one big grind at some point. I was hopeful for something epic at the center of the galaxy.I hope that this game gets updated. I really do."
,Not Recommended,275850,25127986,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,SharxX8,not worth the money at the moment. Lacks too many features and gets repetetive too fast.
,Not Recommended,275850,25138504,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,spitfire184,No more than a tech demo at this point.
76561198086987153,Not Recommended,275850,25092002,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,jpcerutti,"Great game to play for the short term - but the longer you play the worse it gets.Way overhyped and overpriced for what it delivers, which is a too easy to survive ""survival"" game, too quickly to become repetitive exploration game, and annoyingly grindy crafting game. Hopefully it gets patched enough or some DLC that addresses the shortcomings but until then it is not worth sixty bucks.Watch a Youtube video of someone playing - since you can do that for free and is the most enjoyable part of what you are capable of doing in the game... just looking at something you haven't yet seen. :(*Really* wanted to like this game, since endless procedural worlds is so promising. Kept thinking maybe I just need to see one more world, or if I put up with the time and grind of learning the alien's language, or if I make it to the center of the galaxy it will all be worth it.IT IS NOT."
76561198045532991,Not Recommended,275850,25078289,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,guillotine,"I will start off by saying the game is entertaining and I enjoy it but with its current host of issues running for many people and the terrible degredation of frame rate if you play for long enough not to mention the lack of many aspects of gameplay that were claimed to be provided but never were, it is not worth the full price. If you have the disposable income necessary to not worry about the price then I would say get it but if the $60 dollars is all you would have to spend on games then I recommend spending it more wisely as there are much better games out there for cheaper.I hope to see them continue patching the game and eventually reaching the type of game that many of us hoped it could be."
76561198007936264,Not Recommended,275850,25088055,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,ZedsDeadBaby za,"Having played 18 hours of this game i can honestly say im horribly dissapointed. I keep asking myself how did you play a game for 18 hours that you did not actually enjoy? I still have no clear answer. The promise of something better perhaps kept me going. The loot is boring, performs like♥♥♥♥♥on my pc, planets are bland and kind of similar, your spaceships are practically identical with the exception of loot space and design. There are far better games available, sorry I purchased this turd."
76561198011375410,Not Recommended,275850,25267863,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,::BeefBrisket::,Developer lied about promised content.
,Not Recommended,275850,25120226,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,V00deux,"This game makes me want to play Minecraft. It has the same resource gathering and trading aspects with none of the building or adventure. Randomly generated Minecraft worlds look more exciting than the repetitive planets in this game. I requested a refund. If they added multiplayer, base building, full ship modding, pvp, new character interactions and all around more variety, I'd be willing to repurchase."
76561198101113610,Not Recommended,275850,26610825,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,captiansven,"This game was one of the hardest lessons I ever learned about Hype.Never trust Hype or pre-release fotage.This game should be 20 dollars.I am never going to get my 60 dollars back.Run, while you still have the chance."
,Not Recommended,275850,24966599,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Milktea9,With the hitching Issues and basic repetative non existant gameplay. I just can't recomend this game to anybody.All of the information given last year And than what we got just isn't well... good.
,Not Recommended,275850,24956008,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,✪ Mankitsu Happening,This game has a lot of potential but Hello Games just didn't get it right. Launch day was a total nightmare and bugs and game crashes ruin the game. Every system is basically the same with small differences. Until they fix the issues I would not reccomend this game for $60.
76561198043588065,Not Recommended,275850,24847332,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Uzans,─────────────────────────▄▀▄─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─▀█▀█▄─────────────────────────█──█──█─────────────────────────█▄▄█──▀█────────────────────────▄█──▄█▄─▀█────────────────────────█─▄█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────▄█▄──▄█▄────────────█──▀▀█─█─█──▄█████████────────────▀█───█─█▄▀─▄███████████────────────██──▀▀─█▄█████████████────────────█─────███████████───▀▀█▄─────────▀█────█████████───▀▀▀──█──────────█────███████───────██─▀█─────────█────█████──▄──────────▀█────────█────█ Look son!███──█──────▀▀█───▀█───────█────█ A bad game!███─▀─██──────█────▀█──────█────████─────────────────▀█─────█────████──────────────────█─────█────████─────────────▄▀───█─────█────█████─────────▄▄██────█▄────█────█████────────██████────█────█────██████────█──███████▀──█───▄█▄▄▄▄███▀▀██────▀─██▄──▄█───█───█─────███▄──────────██████───█───█─────█─██▄────────────▄▄────█───█─────█─███████─────────────▄█───█─────█──██████─────────────█───█▀─────█──▄███████▄─────────▄█──█▀──────█─▄█─────▄▀▀▀█───────█───█───────█▄█────────█──█────▄███▀▀▀▀──────██──▄▀▀────────█──▄▀──█──────────██────█─────────█─────█──────────██────────▀█────█─────█─────────███───────────────█──▄█▀─────────██──────────██───█▀▀▀───────────██───────────────█──────────────██▄─────────────██──────────────█─█▄────────────█───────────────█──██▄────────▄███▀▀▀▀▀▄────────█─█▀─▀█▄────────▀█──────▀▄──────█─█────▀▀▀▀▄─────█────────▀─────█─█─────────▀▄──▀───────────────█
,Not Recommended,275850,25422896,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Your Friendly Dictator,"This game just did not live up to expectations. I gave it a chance, and really tried to get past the surface and get into the game, hence the play time, but it just did not manage to cut it, especially with all the hype that the developers had been creating.In all, I'd say this game is a mile wide but only an inch deep, there's nothing to it once you get below the surface, except for distant missions of reaching the centre of the galaxy. Very underwhelming."
,Not Recommended,275850,25422692,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,INSPIRER,Feels like this game is constructed to scam people and after 2 hours it not fun. You crash on a planet and it takes 2 hours to repare your ship and now you can't refund and there is many bugs. AND THERE IS NO ♥♥♥♥ING MULTIPLAYER YOU LIER SHJAN MURRYAJ HAHAHAAHAHHAHA
,Not Recommended,275850,25872383,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Born2Hayt,"Game is novel but that's all it is, pick it up on sale for a $1 in six months.Hello games has a LOT of explaining to do and Sean Murray better be in the midst of a nervous breakdown, otherwise, he's a complete shyster."
,Not Recommended,275850,25212530,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Saboteur009,Multiplayer 10/10
,Not Recommended,275850,25322706,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Oleander,I am a victim of false advertising...I asked for a refund... DENIED because I'm 14 hours in.An average gamer need more than 2 hours that the features he was promised are not there.It's a REAL shame that steam allowed this type of game and game developer to be part of their library.This is the only purchase I did on steam or any other digital game store that I feel that I have been totally ripped off.There is really something wrong with this industry and this game's marketing and advertising is the perfect example.
76561198031566875,Not Recommended,275850,25029799,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Gibbering Geek,"First off I do not HATE the game. It’s a great walking simulator and looks rather nice at times. There is so much potential in this but as of writing this review it's not there.What i was expecting from this game and what you actually get:-A Space exploration gameWhile yes the focus was mostly planet side in most of the videos and interviews we saw leading up to the release. In these videos however we see epic space dog fights, fighters flying in wing formations and a rather fun looking experiance.What we got: something that feels tacked on, an after thought. The ship flies like a drunk pregnant hippo in glue. Its sluggish unresponsive, you can't fly close to the ground. The landing mechanics DO NOT WORK, you basically guess if you are close enough to land on the landing pan but often land RIGHT next to damn thing! The ships often do look awesome but they all fly the same, once you have maxed the cargo slot space then there is never a need to change your ship other than visually.-Procedurally generated universeOk so yeah technically we did get this. however simply changing a colour pallet and what (rather limited) assets the game uses often makes things a little boring, Honestly i have seen more interesting landscapes from Minecraft.Also with this come procedurally generated creatures to inhabit your 18 bizzilion worlds. Pity most of them look so stupid it's hard to take it seriously. I have gotten creatures with MASSIVE top portions then supported on 2 toothpick sized legs and then a tiny shrunken head. It's a laugh the first 40 times but after a time you notice the limited assets that the animals are using, and then they begin to look much the same.-A Survival Crafting GameOk i do like this style of game. However with it being survival you would assume there is some sort of SURVIVAL aspect to the game. Nope none to be had, EVERY planet ever has so many resources that you can't run out of ANYTHING. Sure you may have to hunt for some rarer materials to build some of the things but honestly the “survival” part feels very much like how many games call it an “RPG” just because you level up and can improve your character.The crafting is also seemingly tacked on like a forgotten mini game. You find blueprints (often the same ones you already had) all over the place, so it really does not feel special or unique when you find these, just more like you should have had them from the start but we needed a way to make you grind.-A Chilled Game ExperienceHoly buthole batman you need to a gosh darn zen master not to rage at the frame rate drops that happen every 4 hours or so (if one happened in first 2 hours i would have done a request for a refund trust me). Or the crashes to desktop? Or your ship that you landed on the surface of a planet now somehow stuck deep inside the core of the planet and you can mine down any more to get to. Best part is i am one of the lucky few that had a “good” release. I now sort of wish i had not so i could have asked for my money back instead of playing more to hope it got better.When all's said and done, i would say pick this up on a sale maybe (like a 60% or more, then the price point will be fine) or wait until some content is added to the game.However if they have the insane idea of EVER charging for the DLC i will change this and bit to simply#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorNever buy this game, we were promised so much and they came so close but they lied and fabricated so much, the original price was a AAA price for a VERY indie game and now they want you to pay for the content that was meant to be in the game in the first place? NO!If you are wanting an open ended space game can i please rocomendElite Dangerousor if you are looking for a game that can teach you about space but with EXPOLSIONS thenKerbal Space Program"
76561198121299582,Not Recommended,275850,25834317,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Missy,"THIS IS NOTHING MORE THEN A MINING SIMall the bad stories youve heard about nomans sky are trueDONT BUY THIS GAME.ive been ripped off 60 bucksSTEAM should refund all no mans skys sales, and sue the develper for false advertisement and damages."
,Not Recommended,275850,25262990,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Yuffie,"There's different planets but they are all realistically the same.Nothing new anywhere after you've seen a few new planets you've seen them all.I kept playing in the hopes that it would recover, but it didn't. Not in the least.Really disappointed as the advertising hype made this game sound fantastic.It really isn't. Which is sad."
,Not Recommended,275850,25399650,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Phog,So boring.  98% of the planets are dull and AI is awful.
76561198015660428,Not Recommended,275850,25262983,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,KennyBlank,"DO NOT BUY!!!!!! I wanted to like this after 10 hours...but couldnt, empty, unenjoyable, a complete waste of time.  None of the promised features, things you were shown on the trailers, stuff that were so hyped about, are in the game.  I want a refund and requested one here because I felt cheated out of money on false and decieving advertisement.  DO NOT BUY, HUGE DISAPOINTMENT."
76561198200835886,Not Recommended,275850,25297636,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Levo Aerius,"Overhyped, Overpromised, Overpriced and extremely under delivered. I really wanted to like this game the potential was huge."
,Not Recommended,275850,25869828,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Science Bear,"Loses more features to the game on launch than Ubisoft.0/10 IGN0/10 Time Magazine0/10 JGPCG0/10 RPS0/10 Everyone0/10 Trusted gaming source0/10 Game thing0/10 Game InformerBut mostly, 0/10 my heart (and wallet)"
,Not Recommended,275850,25863392,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Colonel_47,"A game worth $30 at the very most, marketed and sold as a 60$ AAA game.Pros+fun for the first couple of hours+going at light speed for the first few timesCons-everything else-sloppy progression-terrible inventory system-lackluster replay value despite the quintillion planets-repetition in gameplay and planets, everything looks the same, the planets are all identical-performance, 20 fps on ship, 30 fps on planet, this game does not perform close to at least competently3/10 not recommended, there was promised multiplayer, which is not included, the performance is one of the worst in recent memory, arkham knight managed to improve the performance through many updates, whereas this does not, and the replay value is remarkably low not worth the 60$ at all"
,Not Recommended,275850,25280438,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,[RGC]Leatherneckjr,"Red planets, green planets, purple planets, blue planets.....thats it, no really that's pretty much it."
76561197993310177,Recommended,275850,24854501,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Madmonkey68,"**Updated**So here I am again, reviewing what once was one of the biggest disappointments I've encountered during my entire gaming career.What is nice about it, is that it is an extremely casual survival exploration game.It features space exploration, trading, crafting, base building and now a story of some kind.Its not a super realistic space sim so its nice for those people who like to just sit back and relax.If a more realistic space sim is more your thing try Elite: Dangerous. It is a bit above your standard Early Access Survival titles. So far, I found that I got 20+ hours on it and counting. I am really waiting on more of the major updates.So, did it change?Yes it definitely did. Since release, they've steered it in the right direction .They have added quite a few major patches which help give the game more of its much needed content. Along with remodeled textures and more. Although way better since release, they should really look into optimizing the game a lot more.So, is it worth it now?Yes it actually is. Definitely not at full price, but.. if you pick this up on a sale its definitely worth checking out again.I originally bought the game way back upon release. I refunded it. But now I'm back again and I think  it's worth keeping an eye out for as it is receiving a decent amount of updates.As i said, this was a big disappointment, but I'm now beginning to love it!"
76561198044463613,Not Recommended,275850,25095105,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Ranger,"This was not the game everyone predicted it to be.  It lackes in the features promised by the developers. It is a fairly fun games for the first 2 hours as you learn the way the world works and find different planets. After about 5 hours of jumping around star systems looking for materials it gets very boring and repeatative.  The game has many bugs and glitches, almost as if it was a beta.  Hopefully patches will be added to make the game more exciting and enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,275850,25064223,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,(SupaSlapa) | (GameOnSupa),I dont like this game! it got really boring after a hour and ive had problems with the game!! People refunded this game when they played over 8 hours and i cant refund it over 2.5 hours? thats so stupid! i really want a refund this is really annoying me because the game was not what was promised and marketed also i was lied to about muiltiplayer!
76561197960526939,Not Recommended,275850,25064303,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,=[Qusal]=,"It is sad to see the first video on the store page, that shows lots of features that are not here. You almost get the feeling the game was gutted and simplified for the PS4. I did enjoy the first hours of the game but it becaoes repetative really fast. Grinding for more slots, with no storyline or real goal. This game should have had much more potential, even if they only had put in simple multiplayer aspects. Like exploring together, and being able to see other players. I rather would have had 1% of the amount of planets and variation if there would be a multiplayer aspect. Like building a base together, defending and attacking other players bases. But ofcourse a PS4 user needs a friendly enviroment and be able to pause the game, so I suspect that's why they did not put in most of the features which would have allowed for this. Like the non-existant faction system. I love Multiplayer crafting games like Ark, 7daystodie and rust. Maybe that has cloaded my expectations with all the wrong advertising even on this store page. In retrospect I would buy this game when it would have been 15 euro's. But the current price is just not justifiable due to the lack of contents and gameplay.The game itself was enjoyable the first few hours, but after grinding for a bigger ship, the many flaws of the game become more prominent, even while grinding you notice disapearing resources. The lack of meaningfull interaction with the NPC's, I would even call it shallow. The items you find are mostly the same, all planets have all resources so why travel when you can max out on your starter planet. The game has been made way to easy and too grindy to become intresting. Grinding is ok when you are building your own death star. But not to upgrade your backpack or pistol!To conclude if you want a few hours of fun go for it, but becomes boring pretty soon so i would not advise to buy this if you are expecting the game seen in the first video on the Steam store page. This would have made a great alpha release game though."
,Not Recommended,275850,25071466,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Ted Whi†e,"Caveat Emptor!!!Hello games logo ¯\_(ツ)_/¯This is an Peter Molyneux approved game.Cons:-No patchnotes during patching-No answers from HG for lack of content which was shown.-Not really a survival game at all.-Bad inventory-Bad scanner(animal locator)-No factions-Bad combat(space and ground)-No personal customisation of your space craft.-No asteroid landing-No large fleets-Spending hrs just to find that last animal(this actually takes the most time in the game).-No hacking like he said would be in(now you just shoot at the locked doors)..-Bad story-No large fleet battles-WAY bad navigation when using the map, worst ive ever experienced.-Animals looks like a copy/paste freakshow.-Very very repeatative-No ship naming-Cant meet each other as sean said.-Hostile community-people have spotted same creatures on different planets, even finding planets that looks just the same.Pros:-You see a planet, you can travel to it.-Propaganda was awsome."
76561198054664341,Not Recommended,275850,25304884,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,soufren,The most awful purchase I've ever done. And also shame for the Steam. I want refund!
,Not Recommended,275850,25245966,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Thicc Joosy Ass,"Terrible game, waste of my money."
76561198068535243,Not Recommended,275850,24977627,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,oof,it got boring pretty quickly. you do the same things over and over in a really huge galaxy. it makes the place seem empty bc of how little there is to do. 4/10 pos game would not recommend
,Not Recommended,275850,25379629,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,zXnoobz,Requested refund 4 times - denied. Unforgivable Steam - you have stolen my money and that makes you a thief.Disgusting. I have over 400 games on Steam and have never used the refund system EVER until now.What an absolute farce
,Not Recommended,275850,24968986,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,mrwonderful239,"I feel like this game is underwhelming and incomplete. It runs okay for me, I never ran into any game breaking issues. However its really limited on what you can do currently. I can't recommend this game at full price, or even on sale. Just not enough content. Immensely shallow for a space game."
,Not Recommended,275850,25141538,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Notrs,I regret this purchase.
,Not Recommended,275850,25139717,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,BrodyQuest,"Utterly dissapointed. I actually feel like I've been robbed with this god awful, absolutely false advertisement of a game."
76561198019787718,Not Recommended,275850,24965305,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,MrSable,After spending 2 hours getting the game to launch and an hour of playing the jerky crashing game over about 3 hours I walked away. Apparently that's too much enjoyment of the game for a refund. Anything over 2 hours and you don't get a refund on this piece of crap. Avoid until they actually have some content that doesn't glitch and is enjoyable.
76561198125947388,Not Recommended,275850,24882333,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,jorn.deruyck,"I looked forward to playing this game, i realy felt that the genre was what i was looking for, and i still believe that.At the current state, the game is hardly playable.I didn't even manage to get to the ""grind & repeat"" phase of the game.It feels like the developpers explicitly tuned the game in order to prevent players from progressing to fast, maybe to hide the fact that the universe isn't so unique after all.On thing that really bothered me was the slow walking speed, the goal of the game is to explore, and that is what i want to do. But you can't expect me to do that while crawling at a 0.1m/s speed.They conveniently added an estimated time until arrival function to the quest markers, so that you know up front how much time you're going to waste whilst getting there.Another thing that bothered me was the inability to save whenever i wanted, or at least when exiting to desktop.I'm more of a casual player, that means if i have to stop gaming due to other responsibilities, i have to be able to do it immediately, i don't always have time to wander to the nearest hotspot.I really want to give this game a chance in the future, but the key items they have to focus on is the travel speed and save mechanism.So at this moment i can't give a positive review, a game is supposed to be enjoyable. I can't say that i find crawling at snail speed that enjoyable."
76561198006677730,Not Recommended,275850,25281308,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Testiculees,"Spent more time trying to get a refund than actually playing the game. Was a total con for pre-order money and now refunds are locked down because too many are requesting it. Will never buy pre-order again and definitely will not be buying from steam again. Try to figure out the game is a con in the first two hours is absurd, it took me more than that to get off the first damn planet and get a steady FPS.Thanks Steam, really.DONT BUY AND DONT EXPECT TO GET YOUR MONEY BACK, COMPLETE JOKE"
76561198089957931,Not Recommended,275850,25281393,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Captain crunchycunt,"While No Mans Sky started out as an amazing game full of exploration and wonder, the game majorly hit a down with just about everyone. Do i recomend this game? No. however there is a lot of potential to this game, adding bases or new things to do would give players another hype. But while the game is in its current state full of bugs, lag, and overall just being repetitive, The game is absolutely worthless. Does it run well? Well for me yes, but others have reported it running like garbage. Please not while buying this game that there is so many better options for space games around the same money, Star citizen being one of them. I mean, come on Hello Games. ADD EVA for goodness sakes! you can't even get out of your ship in space? what? blegh. uuuuggggghhhh... But anyway. I do not recomend buying this game."
76561198049031596,Not Recommended,275850,25314274,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,SaltEnots,They lied about what was adertives. They promised us x and gave us y. And I'm pretty sure they pulled y out of their toilet. This is not what we paid for as a game. Especially for $60! It's completely unfair. Those lucky guys who were able to get the refund kiss your wallet. Cuz I doubt I'll prepurchase another game. And certainly never a game from Hello Games. Those god damn liars.
,Not Recommended,275850,25321355,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Robbo20K,"False advertisement, massive con... game is not finished, does not contain a lot of content which was advertised, ""no loading screens"" is crap too, there is a loading screen between EVERY star system... it just looks like hyperspace -_- No refunds too? shame on you steam, you should stand up for your customers rights instead of worrying about PR with some lazy developers"
,Not Recommended,275850,25080040,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Hercule Satan,I tried to like this game but time and time again it just got so repetitive. We were promised so much more and it did not deliver.
,Not Recommended,275850,25086275,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,aggr0,"The game describes itself as being about exploration and survival. You ""choose"" your voyage as a fighter, trader, or explorer.You can ocassionaly fight... Random ambushes or robots on the planet. You can't rely on combat to play the game.There is no economy to trade and resources are plentiful. Again, can't play the game soley based on trading.You can explore... On foot... Different planets with the same buildings. Flying planetside is extremely simplified that you can't even fly close to the surface of the planets.The game is not bad, just extremely shallow for $60. If you enjoy sight seeing randomly generated planets you're good to go. Dont expect indept flying or any kind of economy. Regret picking up this game."
76561198017910022,Not Recommended,275850,25474530,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Mulkaccino,"8 hours of playing before I said to myself, in the words of Jack Nicholson, ""What if this is as good as it gets."""
76561198042106378,Not Recommended,275850,25070760,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,RK,"(Not really a review, more like a first impression)I wanted to like this game, I really did. But after the first hour or so it becomes a chore to play. I found it amazing that I could just look up at a planet and travel there and explore. But that's pretty much all there is to this game. You fly to one planet, sniff some plants, scan some animals then off to the next one. Some people like it, good for them. But, if you're like me, and were expecting something more from this game, than I don't recommend you buy it or atleast wait until it's heavily discounted.It pains me to say this, but No Man's Sky is just a glorified tech demo. What a shame... I'm glad I was able to get a refund as it wasn't anywhere near worth the $80AUD THAT I HAD TO PAY."
,Not Recommended,275850,25067866,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Spooky_Skeletons,"Cant get my refund, the games ♥♥♥♥ing garbage no matter how much i forced myself to enjoy it."
,Not Recommended,275850,25071606,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,[UED] TerminatorSkyNET,"At time of this review, not in anyway worth the price of $60As 'Angry Joe' put it, its a huge shallow puddle.All the planets are procedurally generated, as are the creatures and likely the space ships.Played the game with a Skylake 6700k OC with a 980Ti G1 Gaming and it ran like a piece of s--t. Not only were the graphics in my opinion 'meh!', but there was stuttering and drop in framerates constantly, no crashes tho.Back to the game itself;Pros -- Huge Number of explorable planets- fly to other 'Planets'- fly to other 'Galaxies'Cons -- Galaxy's/solar systems are just a small 'skybox'- Space ships and their configurations are very repetitive- Space Ships are NOT upgradable, can only buy new ones.....- Resources grind fest(ever played WoW and killed 100 boars to ding, this is the same thing but no ding)- No Goals(except flying to centre of Universe with the worst ending)- No logging, by this I mean once you leave your starter planet you have no way of finding out what planet you started on.Thats about all I have currently, except this-DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IN THE CURRENT STATE! ! !"
,Not Recommended,275850,25261223,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,BumZilla,"The game is not what it seems.It mineccraft but no one knew that since the hype was real the game is super boring and suprise the 18 quintillion planet thing isnt true the game plaets look all the same, I probably saw 5 diffrent planets and I never saw something from the e3 demo perfomance isnt any better as after 2 hours of playing my frames drop to 10 frames per sec and its pretty bad. all that plus how some major featrues that were promised are not in the game and as if tha is not bad enough we are supposed to get PAID DLCS. to recap this game is fun for 2 minutes"
76561198189942127,Not Recommended,275850,26349462,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Chaurus,didnt even work
,Not Recommended,275850,25284224,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Drat1856,"This game has No replayability, it is repedative and does not meet what was advertised/promised. Glitches that require you to start from the beginning, and performance issues."
,Not Recommended,275850,25870233,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,TrappRat,Don't need to explain as there are many thousands of others who have hit the nail on the head. My only regret is that I can't get my $60 back. Woud love to buy a different game that's worth my time.  Can't explain how utterly dissapointed I am. I have lost about all that's left of my hope for gaming. Don't buy this. Don't buy anything else these people make. Just hope that the company goes under so we never have to hear about this company ever again.
76561197967074505,Not Recommended,275850,25273250,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,p33k-@-b00,Do not buy.Not what was promised.
76561198052303614,Not Recommended,275850,25885797,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Husman,This game is not worth 60 bucks. period. It would have been if all the features we were promised would be in the game. Turns out the promises was just lies.
76561197982932973,Not Recommended,275850,25237383,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Archangel,"THIS GAME IS A SCAM! DO NOT PAY MONEY TO THESE PEOPLE!The game seems to be designed to be as slow as possible, as if to force the player to get well past the point of no return/refund before he/she realizes that the game is barren of any of the promised content and is nothing more than a procedurally generated dungeon with color swaps of the same three locations and the same dozen assets. Most of which I honestly believe are stolen. In the time I did play it, I saw Firefly’s Serenity, A Viper from Battlestar Galactica and everyone’s noticed that the trade stations are Portal’s Weatley. Oh and the drop pods are literally the drop pods from Warhammer 40k, minus color. I’d say more about what the game has, but that’s pretty much it.Not even going to bring up the list of technical issues, but I will say that the game is at this point unplayable from a technical aspect. Stuck in the same system (eighth jump) and can’t get out without the game crashing.Steam is now refusing refunds for players, so please don’t make the mistake so many people did by even thinking of playing this game. It was the greatest regret I’ve made and it honestly makes me think less of Steam for not only allowing this sort of thing to happen, but to actually work in its favor."
,Not Recommended,275850,25216348,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,GlennTheEpic,"Just read the rest of the negative reviews to see my thoughts of the game but if you don't want to do that the problems i have with this game is frequent crashes,rinse and repeat gameplay,framerate drops and lying developers"
,Not Recommended,275850,25199550,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Defalt,This game was nothing like the screenshots or trailers i've seen. Would not recommend.
76561198029185419,Not Recommended,275850,25076230,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Thuglife,I am upset that I spent money on this game.
76561198099000400,Not Recommended,275850,25277360,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,SouthpawSh00ter,"I agree with the guy above. Just wish I could get a refund though, Steam."
,Not Recommended,275850,25304759,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Un1,Refund Simulator 2016
76561198050863248,Not Recommended,275850,25122672,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Pewpsockemz,"Missing a lot of the features that had me sold on this game. Tedious gameplay, terrible UI and horrible combat if you can call it combat."
76561197994119586,Not Recommended,275850,25235283,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,reptana,"This game is awful. It is nothing like the demos, and has massive game breaking bugs that should not be possible for a game of this price.- Space battles: we've had aerial battles in video games for years, and NMS doesn't build on any of this. Imagine Star Wars Battlefront, or Battlefield 2/2142/3, and then imagine the dogfighting swapped out and replaced with pacman with drunk ghosts. This is how space battles work in this game.- Trading: the game promised you could acquire resources in one star system, travel for hours in-game to deliver them to another star system and turn a tidy profit. This is completely broken - resources have almost identical costs everywhere in the galaxy, and there is no long and dangerous path between star systems - just a warp drive.- Flora and fauna: we were told there would be herds of wildlife, shown demos of a variety of fascinating creatures interacting in the circle of life. Reality:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JYNriatnYkE- Variation between stars: there is none. The grind is identical on every planet. Sure, the animals are a bit different, sometimes you find something interesting, but in practise you have the exact same grind with a slightly different distribution of resources on EVERY SINGLE PLANET.- NPCs - they just stand there. Interacting with them is basically like playing Myst, except Myst wasn't a $90 NZD game... and it didn't crash all the time.- Bugs: This game is $90 NZD ($60 NZD). It is not in greenlight. It is not in beta. It is a full price, production quality game, and yet it is buggy as hell. Hello Games have not responded to my ticket I logged 2 weeks ago that stops me unlocking warp drive upgrades (meaning 2000 hours to the centre of the galaxy instead of a more reasonable 400) because they have been too busy fixing even more simple bugs, like the game crashing for any one of a million different reasons. This is just unacceptable for a game that has been sold as something of high quality (and high price too!)What I was expecting from the game:- Rich planets that would take 10-20 hours to explore, with fascinating differences between each one- The grind of filling up a freighter with tons of loot, travelling over precarious parts of the galaxy and fending off pirates- Some actual skill in dogfighting, and variety in build for weapons/shield upgrades - maybe some interesting trade-offs- Interesting NPCs that you could properly interact with, and come to actually care about. Think Alyx in HL2, or even the little polar bear in Crash Bandicoot 2. There is nothing of the sort here.If you're considering buying this game, just don't. Just buy $90 of beer and tip it down the drain instead."
76561197988298847,Not Recommended,275850,25127701,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Top Dogg,"This game is complete rubbish and becomes more of a chore to play then the most grindest of MMO's after 5 hours.The game is not fun after the first two hours.Countless nebulas statements lead to stupid amounts of hype and this is the end result. Not once did hello games come out and correct anything, except for their free DLC promise which was prompt corrected.I give this game pocket lint and an old sticky with hair tic tak out of 10if it was an early access game that only cost around 10-20 dollars I might have thought it was a good first effort."
,Not Recommended,275850,25050710,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Sunstrider,"I won't say anything new when saying that whatever this game turned out to be was aeons away from the game we were sold on. Not a wholly bad game although I would have wished to wait maybe another 6 months before picking it up, because the game feels like an expensive early-alpha. I'm sure that Hello Games will dedicate their time improving this game (when they're not pole-vaulting into their pyramid of cash) and with time, this game has the possibility of becoming great. It's just that now, it's not worth picking up."
76561197996366720,Not Recommended,275850,25088153,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,SuchlikeChunk94,Biggest disappointment in 2016.
,Not Recommended,275850,24981446,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Balerion,False advertisement. From features to DLC model.
76561198065687575,Not Recommended,275850,26685983,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,✪Show me your tits,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄This game▄▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Recommended,275850,24846676,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Maarku,The refund button works well.
76561198007366874,Not Recommended,275850,25077360,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,OFP Blue Falcon,"This game is terribly boring and what Sean promised us all, was not delievered. He straight up lied to us. This is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T and we all should get our money back because this was clearly false advertisement"
76561198023230793,Not Recommended,275850,25131587,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Warrgrim,"Pretty much what everyone else is saying. Repetitive, no central plot or story of anykind. Finding random droppods out on the planets that i need to pay game currency to increase my inventory? What are they even doing there?I really feel cheated. At this point, now that the hype is non existant, they already have my money. Basicially a money grab / Con that I fell for so shame on me.If you dont mind micro managing a tiny inventory every 7 seconds when your ship, mining lazer, lifesupport and thermal protection runs out of fuel, then this game is for you.If you like travelling the stars, by yourself, for no reason other than scanning cut and paste critters, plants, rocks, and sending them into the ""cloud"" of 18 quitillion stars so that someone else you dont know, likely wont even find, then this game is also for you.The only thing I found appealing about this game is the ability to buy new ships. But really, in order to do that, I need to spend hours farming big blobs of metals (and constant farming to refill my mining lazer and ship for my multiple take offs and lands) only to fly them to a space station to sell and wait until a random NPC alien with a ship that looks neat decides to stop by.Sigh, you managed to take everything about this game and turn it into a repetitive grind. Yes I only have 20 hours on record, BUT SERIOUSLY??? If the game isnt good after 20 hours, it aint good."
,Not Recommended,275850,25198780,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,unspunreality,"I normally don't review games but this time I had to. Normally I can decide if I like a game or not quickly but this game I had to give a fair shake. I had years of buildup and it took till the final moment for me to decide to purchase and actually try this game. Two hours wouldn't suffice, there were difficulties from the beginning and the game starts off slow and so I tried to give it a fair shake, ending with 44hours of playtime.I went in with many expectations. Their old video clips left me expecting a lot, various wildlife, a bit of mystery and the joy of exploring a universe in a sandbox mode. This game... failed on many counts. First it touts so many worlds yet everything is simply reused. Even beyond wildlife, the flora on each planet was exactly the same, to a point where I was surprised to scan flora and find out it was something new despite being identical to something I'd seen minutes before on another planet lightyears away. Wildlife never actually changed either, I continued to play listening to the words from the creator of how the universe changed the deeper you went, yet nothing changed. An arm or leg might be different but looking for creatures that were vastly different or exotic simply never happened.There is also a bit of an open ended quest ingame, however the quest.. is beyond unfufilling, it seemed like something worse then busy work for a reward that was simply text and then being pointed to the center of the universe, again.Graphically there were also many problems. First the fild of view was terrible, even set at max I'm unsure if there was any change, and this was part of the reason why I never went with the PS4 version. I followed guides to extend beyond the normal setting but then doing actions can show errors and you can see how higher fov was never really intended and perhaps the slider is simply supposed to act as a placebo.There is also the popin issue, which was beyond terrible. I understand why it happens but the fact is that its terrible and shouldn't exist to an extent such as this.I even found some a gate in game which clearly had been intended for one reason yet was never fully implemented, leaving me with another bit of an unfinished game I simply had to ignore and leave behind.I honestly could complain more but after so many hours.. I feel like Ive wasted quite a bit of my life for something that felt rushed and unfulfilling. The creator hasn't communicated and honestly, it's too late for me to feel better with any words so long after the fact. I cannot recommend this game at it's current price, it's honestly not even a game and a longer review would be needed to get into other complaints. I feel I have tried my best to find good points and.. they are all so small so as to not make a dent in all the complaints I still have. If one is interested in this game, I'd suggest waiting for a massive sale, waiting for updates or simply looking at other games. This is early access at best, being touted as a full game."
,Not Recommended,275850,25128163,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Uncle Jesse,"Amazing tech demo. Cant wait for the real game, guys. Believe the hype!  If you liked 'Aliens: Colonial Marines' then put on your seat belts because this is absolutely unbelievable; dare I say, ""out of this world"".  Sean Murray, where are you, you handsome devil?  Come greet the fans. Seriously, I need to find this man's address so I can personally thank him.""Perfect in every way. 7/10.""-IGN"
76561197969594225,Not Recommended,275850,25334823,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,CyberneticMonkey,"Maybe, worth a try for 10.00; for 59.00 don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,275850,26642752,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,dale,I wish I could get my money back.
76561197962989134,Not Recommended,275850,26365033,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Ortellios,I feel cheated
76561198025864289,Not Recommended,275850,25270710,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,tsheesley3,The game was soulless. Meeting the aliens in the space station was like talking to an npc in real life that couldn't respond. I think I would have enjoyed the game more if it were just a movie going through demo quality footage.
76561198052810703,Not Recommended,275850,25287713,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Adventure Capitalist,"just dont get it, its nothing like they promised"
76561198018060672,Not Recommended,275850,25287721,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,robotrobot2,"Missing several announced and advertised features, and core gameplay mechanics are broken without extensive mods."
76561198078747342,Not Recommended,275850,25037025,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Killer9008,"~DO NOT BUY , GLITCCHY AND BROKEN AS ♥♥♥♥~runing a 970 and 980 ti game is horribley laggy , controls are ment for a controller aswell as inventory managment sucks, i loved watching game play but to play it is horrible, its worth more around the lines of 20$ once its fixed"
,Not Recommended,275850,25068549,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Fury,This game is worth about maybe $10 to $15 as a tech demo. It has some interesting concepts that can probably be applied to other games.Do yourself a favour and check out 'Empyrion - Galactic Survival' before wasting your money on this.
76561198080786199,Not Recommended,275850,25136540,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Iron&Wine,"Before buying this game, I suggest you watch the myriad of videos detailing the lies and shortfall of this overpriced game. Hello Games is a disingenuous developer, and should be put on every gamer's black list. The gameplay is repetitive, there are technical issues, there isn't a story, the planets start looking like the same generic procedural generated soulless environments. I wanted to like this game, and figured it would be a therapeutic walking simulation, but even then the game failed at that. I did more staring at my mining beam at a rock, than I was walking around planets because the game needs me to recharge all my stuff to stay alive and walk around. WHAT?!"
,Not Recommended,275850,25199541,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,RaXoR,"First off I was given the impression based on interviews that it was multiplayer, but it has been found out that it isn't multiplayer so we were lied to. Secondly, my game crashed probably 30 times already. Thirdly, twice when it crashed, it restarted my entire game and I had a beginner planet that I was back to just as if I bought & played the game for the first time. I also have a i5-4690K 3.5 GHz Quad Core Processor and 2 Nvidia GeForce GTX 970's as well as 16 GB of RAM. I've used different drivers, updated drivers, archived drivers, OS updates, crashes still happen as well as frame stuttering and massive frame drops & pop-in.It was advertised that planets would orbit the sun, planets would have other liquids than water, multiplayer numerous times, intelligent life, landing on asteroids, animals eating each other, and so much more. This is false advertising, and NONE of this is in the game.Then the ""lush enviroments"" don't exist. There is EXACT replica's of flora and fauna on different planets, and if they are different at all, it's only slightly different. The crashing is ridiculous considering my PC build is a top of the line gaming PC and cost me $2,000 to build:Intel Core i5-4690K 3.5GHz Quad-Core ProcessorAsus MAXIMUS VII HERO ATX LGA1150 MotherboardG.Skill Ripjaws X Series 16GB (2 x 8GB) DDR3-1866 MemorySeagate Barracuda 2TB 3.5"" 7200RPM Internal Hard DriveSTORAGEKingston SSDNow V300 Series 120GB 2.5"" Solid State DriveMSI GeForce GTX 970 4GB Twin Frozr V  x 2 SLI (was tried with sli on and off multiple times)Corsair 760W 80+ Platinum Certified Fully-Modular ATX Power SupplyWindows 10AVOID THIS GAME AT ALL COSTS!"
,Not Recommended,275850,25113817,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Cucarachas,this game is not worth 60euros. dont buy it
,Not Recommended,275850,25067793,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,[E6G] Sen Kanashimi,"TL;DR - Players were blatantly lied to, Sean Murray said we would be able to meet other players, that the world would be rich and exciting, it is neither.No Man's sky... No Man's lie... It's all wrong so let's see if I can cover it well enough.The world:The galaxy is beautiful and expansive, different colors and shades everywhere, very flashy, but it's all the same, there's only so much procedural generation can grab from before things look the same, and No Man's sky hits that barrier very quickly.The gameplay:It's so repetitive it's not even funny, you can get more variation out of a game of chessThe aliens:There are three differen races: The beaked Gek traders, the cybernetic Korvax and the warrior Vy'Keen... That's it, in the however many trillion planets we get three species spread between them, the wildlife isn't even worth mentioning because after ten planets it'll all look the same.The lies:Sean Murray said the game would be multiplayer, then quickly said that we would never find eachother because the universe is so massive. Immediately two streamers met up in the same location and couldn't see eachother, zip nada nothing. People have tested the network traffic against games like Elite: Dangerous and No Man's sky has very little network traffic, nowhere near enough to facilitate actual multiplayer. Players were lied to time and time again and for $60 dollars that is unacceptable.On top of that Sean also said there would never be any paid DLC for No Man's sky, well guess what? Paid DLC is coming out...The verdict:Screw this game and screw Sean Murray, the blatant lie this game is isn't worth your $60, go find something else and forget this game exists."
,Not Recommended,275850,25113799,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Sunny Vega,I feel scammed..
,Not Recommended,275850,25233055,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,claymore19751,THIS GAME SHOULD NOT BE ALLOWED TO EXIST. IT IS A TRAVESTY!!!!!!!!!!
76561198071321331,Not Recommended,275850,25233072,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Four Years Wasted,"Hello and thank you for taking this time to read my short review, though it may be short I think there few key pointers I am about to give are worth your consideration before you buy this game.- Firstly, if you do any kind of research about a game before it's release you are given a certain amount of information through different online magazines and retailers telling you what a game is about as you wouldn't be the wiser, you wouldn't have had the chance to play the game as a normal consumer who doesn't get pre-release copies. In this case No Man's Sky was shown to have traditing game mechanics with NPCs, Quest lines and story driven campaign, graphical fidelity and game play features such as camping and managing a settlement that are not present in the finished game that I bought and to be honest this makes me rather sad.-Secondly, when it comes to the actual game performance it isn't trully well optimised which in this day and age I am just tired of repeating. From my computer to people with high end and recent machines this is a let down for me and a huge red flag as I went out the way to build a decent computer in my budget and get good overclocks too.-Thirdly, this will be my final point in this game. I think the technology and algorithimns that went into the creation of No Man's Sky though not truly used correctly (according to patent theft laws), the game truly makes me wonder about the future of procedurally generated games and this is a big and bold step towards that future. It's an experience but one can I just sadly cannot recommend. I'm sorry about that."
,Not Recommended,275850,24917979,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Bad Whippet,"This is a revisited review because technical issues have been solved and I've started to have a change of heart about the No Man's Sky experience...After several hours of play, I'm losing interest in No Man's Sky.  The problem is that the game is based on a concept: make a huge scale of universe (procedurally generated) that is beyond anything ever done before.  They've achieved that and it is amazing that they did, but the trouble is that no real game seems to have been added to this accomplishment.  While it is certainly lightweight fun to explore for a couple of hours at a time, it is not worth the premium $60 in its current form.  When creating a huge game-world (or worlds), there has to be some primary purpose.  The world of any game is the setting alone - a platform upon which a game is built...Sadly, this hasn't really happened.  There is really nothing you can do except a little light crafting of components for your exosuit and spaceship, exploring a procedurally-generated planet, logging the results for game-currency credits and flying through space systems.  Although the planets vary, the range of components that are selected randomly seem a little narrow, so you will find a generic mix of ""I'm new at Spore"" type of fudged together animals (amphibian head, deer's legs and a beak - or something like that).  The creatures are really just 'there'; you are limited in being able to feed them, after which they might lead you to some collectable resource, but otherwise they just exist.  I haven't seen any of the giant, majestic creatures shown in the trailers, and I don't know if I ever will.  The plants might all have different names on each planet, but they are largely exactly the same models of plants on previous planets.  Even most of the buildings are cookie-cutter designs that are repeated en masse - perhaps a limitation of procedurally-generated worlds.It is chill and relaxing to explore (if you enjoyed the planet exploration of Mass Effect 1, then you'll enjoy exploring NMS although there is less variety in planet atmospheres), but by about 10-20 planets or so, you begin to realise that you're seeing the same plant, cave and rock shapes, just in different palettes, and creatures are just another jumble of the same Spore-like animal parts randomly glued together.  The wind and weather effects add a bit of improved ambience to make some planets feel a little more different but, essentially, nothing is that different after all - so you grind for more resources in order to jet off to another planet.  I found myself wanting more stark differences in planets, like harsh and brutal conditions on a desolate planet, or a planet populated by an alien species who is less than welcoming.  Instead, the only AI of any real importance are the sentinel robots who forever hover in the vicinity and attempt to kill you if they catch you mining too much, or breaking into a property.I think that, if the game is given base-building as has been mentioned by the developers Hello Games, it will be a MUCH better game.  People would then have a reason to play other than chase resources to see what's at the centre of the galaxy.  But right now it's a pleasant enough 'experience' but not a game worth a premium price tag in its current guise.Technical stuffTo run this game, you will need a GPU that is as compatible with OpenGL 4.5 as possible (most nvidia cards from 480 onwards can run a subset of 4.5 sufficiently to play the game - AMD might need more recent cards, so please check if you have one).  The developers have said that anything less than a quad core CPU is not supported, nor are CPUs that don't have the SSSE.3 instruction set (like some older AMD Phenoms).  While playable with mouse and keyboard, it plays a LOT better with a gamepad controller and seems to have been optimised for that.  Performance-wise, disable frame-rate limits, AA and other graphics in-game and use your GPU software to set these properties instead, and you should experience smooth gameplay after around an hour of initial stutteriness (due to GPU shader caching during the early start of the game).VerdictPick it up in a sale if you like the idea of exploring a procedurally generated universe, but be ready for some repetitive gameplay.  Alternatively, wait to see what the team adds next; the promise of base-building will alter the currently rather bland and purposeless experience entirely.  In the meantime, if you want a rich and beautiful survival based game, check out the very awesomeSubnautica; it is with good reason that it carries a 92% recommended rating on Steam."
76561198045626896,Not Recommended,275850,24850418,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,manmadecorgi,"Doesn't run very smoothly at all for one thing, for another, the game just isn't fun.  You land on a planet and mine the same crap you did on the last planet.  Flying doesnt really feel good, neither does walking around on the surface.  The game looks very visually interesting and the soundtrack is awesome but actually gameplay is very lacking."
76561198030942554,Not Recommended,275850,25221710,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,manteuej,Pros -- Cool idea- endless possibilities (none in the game)- Able to get refundCons --very shallow and unfinished- No purpose to gameplay.
76561198013337260,Not Recommended,275850,25130528,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,rdkearney,"Feel cheated and justifiably. So many of the features promised are missing, it's pretty much false advertising. I have a top spec system and the lag/frame rate is still a problem. Promo videos showed worlds with active wildlife and rivers etc, the wildlife runs around and either attacks you or doesn't... that's it. Very one dimensional. Even flying around feels clunky. Explore huge worlds at snails pace, everything is too slow. Not enough upgrades or crafting, no meaningful interaction with factions just one random battle after the next."
,Not Recommended,275850,25131575,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Salome,"I wasn't expecting multiplayer. I was, however, expecting a game or a meaningful virtual experience, especially for the AAA $60 cost. This game as it stands is pitiful. I wouldn't have paid $10 for it. Heck, right now I am unlikely to keep playing it for free (it was a gift). Unfortunately, it took about 7 hours to figure out it wasn't going to get better, the tools weren't going to improve, there wasn't a story to uncover, there was no crafting depth around the corner, and the overall lack of features wasn't just a beginning stage hindrance of a hundreds hour sandbox. Basically it's a Spore knock-off with less features, and a touch of nagging simulator tossed in. Clumsy multi-menu reloading and obnoxious inventory management is where the fun is according to these devs, kids. And, hey, if you thought navigation should be a priority for a space game, you're asking for way too much. An easy way to go back to places you've already discovered? Geez. What kind of entitled gamer are you.Even the procedural development gimmick all the hype was based on doesn't really deliver. For all the claims of infinite diversity, most things look pretty similar.So I missed the refund window. Who knows maybe it'll be fine and the devs will accidentally make a game out of this mess . Or maybe they'll just run off giggling that a bunch of idiots believed their empty claims while moving on to their next scam. For $60, you can find out, too!"
76561198097986769,Not Recommended,275850,25129031,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,christopher.moody95,Was great for about an hour..... then its just plain boring.
,Not Recommended,275850,24868457,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,"Taco ""Brick Wall"" Charlton",Terrible framerate and not great gameplay.  It is pretty for about the first hour and a half and after that you are just exploring the same planets over and over again.  I hope eventually more will be added and the framerates will become better.  Until then I think you should hold off on buying this game.
,Not Recommended,275850,25093159,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,SKuDD3r,The game misleads you.  It starts out great with what seems like great depth and slowly leads you down a path towards repetitive/boring tasks that are lifeless and meaningless.  This happens just after the 4-5 hour mark in the game so you realize you cannot refund the game anymore and you become stuck with this lacking game.One can only hope that the future updates will bring back the promised(missing) depth to the game and my review rating will change at that time.
76561198020009460,Not Recommended,275850,25120160,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,November72,"TOTAL, ABSOLUTE,UNWORTHY OF MY MONEY GARBAGE.And I'll tell you why.Since patching to 1.04 the game reset itself and put me right back to the begining of the game.30 hours of game play and everything that goes along with that amount of time put in gone.After reinstalling the game for a second time it's quit working, 3rd fresh install has had the same results.I've contacted Hello Games about this and received no answer, Steam refuses to refund my money, reason being is that you only get 2 hours to decide wether a game is worth your money or not.2 hours in No Man's Sky just about gets you off the starter planet.So far I have asked Steam for a refund 3 times, I've even called Valve and left a message.So whatever you do DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. I was super excited about this release only to be, for want of a better word, robbed."
,Not Recommended,275850,25120179,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,cTreK-421,Only buy this game if it is less than $10.The game is a farce. I enjoy it and will continue to play it but i can not recomend people buy this game at this price with the way it has been advertised to us.That first video on the Steam store page cant happen. Your ship wont even let you fly that close to the ground. Your ship will litterallyt launch vertically into the air if you transfer or get close to any land mass higher than the one you are flying over. Its not even the same UI or the way things work in the game.
76561198072007241,Not Recommended,275850,25407754,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,AveMe,Give everyone a refund.IT'S ONE BIG LIE
,Not Recommended,275850,25304528,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,telephasic_,Overpaid for a game that is (and was) falsely advertised and has perfomance issues. No refund based on this  :(
,Not Recommended,275850,24857120,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,George Hennen,"Seeing the minimum specs, my pc could run the game fine, but upon startup and multiple graphic configurations, the game was always around 20 fps"
76561198038075046,Not Recommended,275850,24917792,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Billy Bob Joe Bob,"Tested the refund button, works."
,Not Recommended,275850,25114714,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,kaiserrandal,I wanted to like this game. When released it ran ok. I have a higher end system and the graphics were ok. I mainly explored and catagorized species. I cannot recommend this game in its current beta like state. LOst to extensive play throughs do to the data corruption. Now after the patches I can't even play the game. Literally. it crashes at start-up or shortly after loading the game. Stay away!
76561198032707032,Not Recommended,275850,25094311,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,BradoLado,"Very fun and exciting at the beginning, not gonna lie. Although as you progress everything just feels boring and repetetive with the same characters, small events and buildings used over and over. I feel as though the game COULD be improved overtime but right now don't buy it and wait for any new reviews and updates."
76561197970487366,Not Recommended,275850,25365779,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Theory,There is no point in this game. Feels like its not completed.Stay away from Sean Murray and Hello Games
,Not Recommended,275850,25366663,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,ChrisLegendFTW,"Utter trash... Extremely poorly optimised, overhyped and surrounded by false advertisements. Sadly, I palyed for too long to get a refund. Don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,275850,25365773,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,General Meowshington,"Pro:+ ""Learning"" the language of the different (3) species in the universe.+ ""Infinite"" universe+ A lot to explore+ Nice puzzles (combined with the different languages to learn)+ Easy controls (sometimes too easy)Tip: for getting good money in the late game with a good ship/good weapons you should start attacking the big cargo ships. Guardians will come but they drop equally good items/money. Sell it at the near spacestation. ~ 2-4 Million in 5 minutes. I haven't heard of a negative effect from attacking the ""friendly"" ships.Con:- Glitches of Spacecrafts, creatures and guardians. They can move through other textures/ships/landscape which will be annoying while in combat etc..- Planetary stations look the same all over the worlds- Grafics/Rendering while flying over the planets are .. crap: Trees ""growing""/moving out of the ground, colours and pixels are changing, pre-loaded forms are changing dramatically when you come closer. This contributes to a look of a really low-quality-grafic. Where are the options to alter the render-distance ?- ""Animations""/Camera-Movement/Loading of the Interface when interacting with consoles and aliens are too slow (i.e. each time you want to trade with another character you have to wait ~ 10 seconds before choosing an option). There is no possibility to cancel this ... Same for discovering planetary stations/spots.- Inventory of the ships are too small. Why is stacking items in ship not allowed ? Installed technology consumes mostly more than 50%. The upgrade options for the suit is better. My suit has a greater Inventory as my ship. I CAN CARRY MORE THAN MY SHIP! What?- No multiplayer- Even the ""singleplayer""-connection to the server is lost since a few days...- Finding ""something helpful to my journey"": Oh, I already have the technology...- There is no Map in the suit / for the planets. Are you looking for a place you already visited i.e. a planetary trade-station ? Good luck finding it. Your ship can only be found through the radar.- Finding all animals of a planet with the ""scanner"" is .. time consuming or not possible. Is there a option to upgrade the scanner to find/identify the creatures simplier ? I dont think so. Mostly there is one creature left which cannot be found. Very frustrating.- In the orbital and planetary trading stations you can meet up to 4 very SAME ships with the very SAME pilot at the very SAME time.- Very few options to modify (i.e. how about an option to tell the scanner what i am looking for: unknown creatures, specific ressource, artifacts, factory... maybe unlocked with all scanner-upgrades/technologies ?)- To get the ""survival""-Stars you need to survive on a planet with extrem conditions - for a really long time. If you change the planet, the ""counter"" will start again on zero. While longing again for the last unidentified creature on an extrem weather condition-planet I was 3 hours out there and I only received the 6th Star out of 10.- Guardias and creatures can attack you while you are in a conversation with an alien, an artifact or else. For a specific time (animations etc) you are not able to defend yourself or cancel the animation. Nice.- Price to high for the ""content"" and the developed state of the game. The list goes on..- Warning ""Spoiler"": At the end of the ATLAS Quest you are being asked to create a new Star (This will also end the game I heard). You need 10 Atlas-Stones which you received through the process. I sold them because of the highly restricted inventories. This is the worst.- Recent Development: After 1-2 Hours the game is going full retard with 1 frame per second. Everything else at my PC goes well. Don't know what's going on.- Only Safepoints are at the planetary/orbital spacestations/explorable objects and when leaving your ship. Travelling a lot will increase the risk that if the game crashes your last checkpoint is loooong ago. This time is wasted then."
76561198037463234,Not Recommended,275850,25463988,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Dirk Daring,$60 beta.
,Not Recommended,275850,25160869,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Almighty Pickle,"I wish I could get my money back, nothing but framerate stutter and pure disappointment with all what was promised.Definitely deserves the award of ""False Advertisement."""
76561198023268697,Not Recommended,275850,25088030,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,daddymanmeister,"Umm... Its definatelu NOT worth the 59 or 49 dollars. Its actually worth more like 19.99$ . Why? its repeterive, its freking making you do the same things you again, you are actuelly not going anywhere until you take a few jumps and so on and so on. I think this game was definately not as good as i thought it would be and not something i would recommend to anyone. If you like mindless flying around, without a destination this might be great, but HEY! The planets start to look alike! Then the other problem hits in, the planets are alike! There is literally nothing to be excited about! Its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t! sorry but i have not left many reviews and this is the first one i really need to. This game is not♥♥♥♥♥♥ but its a small game, made by talented people who are cashing in on♥♥♥♥♥♥ I will never buy anything from these guys again."
76561197968176761,Not Recommended,275850,24973740,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,mikmak,Very repetetive grind gameplay. Not worth 60 euro.
,Not Recommended,275850,32358570,Posted: 11 June,all,Zachariah Wildwood,"If this game was $15-$20 and a little tamer in its promises - something like ""Use our world generation technology to explore endless permutations of life and scenery while flying around on distant worlds"" you would get a small, very niche following of gamers who would be praising this game. It is fun to hop around and see what the game engine can do - but then I've always like playing with world similator games. Even back in the nineties I had something called Darwin Pond where you could make little ""swimmers"" that would randomly mutate and then track how they developed and which swimmer was the best. Most people hate games like that.I'm appalled that this game is still full price. They seem to have broken every rule in the book on how to not♥♥♥♥♥♥off your customers. I did genuinely enjoy playing this, but there's no way in hell that it lived up to what it was projected to be. I suspect some of the people who worked on this may have gone on to work for United Airlines.If you ever see this on sale, and you do like quirky exploration games - maybe you're the kind of gamer who spends most of their time in Minecraft travelling to find new biomes - then you would enjoy this. At a far reduced price.What is wrong with these people? Why the hell is it still full price?"
,Not Recommended,275850,25225069,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Ace Favors,One lone guyBuys No Mans SkyIt's all a lieHe wants to cry
,Not Recommended,275850,24970423,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Aegeri,"No Man's Sky (NMS) had a lot of promise, hype and speculation before its release, which sadly the game has ultimately not been able to live up to. For a game that promised 18 quintillion planets, it offered a seemingly endless amount of space to explore, experience, exploit and expand into. Unfortunately, what's on offer in the final product is a game that offers a dramatic sense of scale, coupled with an amazingly technical backbone, which ultimately doesn't put anything worth really experiencing inside of that product. As vast as the universe in No Man's Sky actually is, what you will actually get is a repetitive experience, copying mostly the same 3-4 actions across any world and with only a handful of alien races to interact with.To begin with, what No Man's Sky actually succeeds in is a sense of scale that's unprecedented. You really can go almost anywhere and visit anything you can see. From barren moons, to frozen wastes and then to the depths of oceanic paradise worlds - if you can see something from a planet, you can get in your ship to go there. This is by far the most amazing element of NMS and for many, it's more than enough to carry them through the experience. Every new world offers an opportunity to find new resources to mine, upgrades for your suit, ship or other systems and see potentially dangerous or fascinating creatures to scan. Once you find a system, planet, creature or formation you can name it whatever you want to upload it - essentially claiming the discovery for yourself.This is by far where NMS shines, but it's not long after the sheen of this aspect of the game wears thin that the flaws begin to show. For one thing, while there is a universe of endless planets out there, the actual things you do on them are very limited. Mostly, NMS repeats the same exact types of gameplay mechanics on any world you visit. The same prefab buildings exist on every world, with often the same one of three (possibly more) alien species manning a desk. Here is where one of the first artificial constraints on the interactions available in NMS begin: Outside of talking to an alien to do a three option guessing game, you really cannot do very much in these places as it disables your weapons. Sometimes you can trade or sell things, or offer to buy a visiting creatures ship if you hang around a facility with a landing pad, but otherwise that's generally the gist of things.More notably, even after a handful of hours of gameplay I began to notice that many of these ""choose an option"" things are quite repetitive. It doesn't take long for alien factories, facilities and similar to start repeating similar kinds of puzzles or options. This is especially important to learn, as is figuring out what an aliens language or culture is like, because if you fail these options you can miss out on important things. Alien manufacturing facilities, for example, often have blueprints to new items you can construct. If you fail to get these little dialog puzzles/guessing games right, you miss out on getting the blueprint and will need to trek to another facility to have another shot.Another thing the game encourages, but doesn't really mechanically support very well, is the bounty for scanning all the unique species on a planet. This frequently turns into a frustrating, luck based scavenger hunt and particularly if you're looking for predators (rare) or things that spawn underwater/underground (which seem especially low). Adding to the frustration, some of the mechanics designed to help you find these animals actually don't work in these underground/underwater biomes, making those rare aquatic/underground species even more difficult to locate than they otherwise should be. Simple mechanical changes to the interface and how scanning works would easily make this mechanic not feel so frustrating or time consuming.In fact the PC interface in NMS is quite baffling in itself. The game requires you to click and hold down the mouse to interact with objects. Likewise, you constantly have to fiddle with your inventory to do simple things, like refuel a system that has run out of power, shuffle things about and similar. It's actually quite frustrating and slows the gameplay down - which is already glacially paced - quite often. Similarly, much of the interesting part of the gameplay in exploring new planets is slowed up or halted by constantly having to fiddle with refueling different things. A large part of NMS is focused on survival light mechanics, constantly needing to keep in mind having plutonium (life support, lifting off from the surface in your ship) and Theonine9 (ship engines) to get about the place. Sometimes you can be exploring but need to wander off to find some of these to move onwards. Similarly, you cannot call your ship any time you want and if you wander far away - like when scanning for new species - the best way to get your ship is to luck out finding an outpost with a hackable beacon.This unfortunately leads to one of NMS bigger problems, which is the deeply unsatisfying combat. While your multitool can be upgraded and fitted for shooting, none of it ever feels satisfying or very fun. Enemies are sometimes quite infrequent, especially if your planet has no hostile predators, so you often never need to shoot much at all. Even when you do engage in combat, it's frequently non-life threatening and most sentinels are easily dealt with before they summon more - unless you get one bugged under the ground (where you can't shoot it to stop the alarm). Space pirates are by far the biggest initial threat, because if you run into them early before any major ship upgrades that can rapidly tear you to pieces. This is especially because of the clunky interface requiring you to manually add elements into your shield. Space combat is clunky and difficult, only marginally improved with ship upgrades, which at least make pirates non-life threatening whenever you run into them.Overall, my main complaint with NMS is ironically a content one. There is just very little to actually do or see in this universe of practically infinite planets to explore. Once you have seen a few systems and explored several planets, you have seen much of what NMS has to offer. Unless you like doing the same, entirely repetitive tasks, there really isn't actually that much game in NMS. This is disappointing, because in many ways I expected a lot more from a game that was priced at $60. Sadly, NMS has the problem where it feels like a game that could be great after some more patches and development time (It's got freighters and bases coming soon). What is released feels, with its myriad of problems, bugs and other issues, a $30 early access title with the promise of actual gameplay to come. As it is, at $60, unless you really like exploring planets filled with the same 5-6 things repeatedly, I cannot recommend No Man's Sky."
,Not Recommended,275850,25257712,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,SolidRizzle,Lies lies and more lies ------ false advertisiment ect. #fail.
76561198148675098,Not Recommended,275850,25215302,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Drake™,"Not much else to say as everyone made good points about how bad this game is, being the missing features or all the lies from the developers. Im hoping to get a refund soon as many others who played more than 2 hours did."
76561198142715238,Not Recommended,275850,25235292,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,davidjackson1231,This did not come out the way it was said to be. This could have been an amazing game.
,Not Recommended,275850,25128082,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,LastTao,It's justa rubbish. Made by shenanigans.
,Not Recommended,275850,25266144,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,deadmilkman,"This game is a scam! Even the videos and screenshots on its store page don't match what's actually in the product.I'm not sure why Valve still allows this lie to be sold on Steam...*** UPDATE ***As of today (Sep, 10, 2016), this game still crashes randomly. It happens on my desktop and gaming notebook."
,Not Recommended,275850,25070890,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,BlackXanthas,should have listened to others and waiting for this until it was like $20. it's seriously all its worth. don't waste your time
,Not Recommended,275850,25100385,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Mr. Rodgers,"i went in to the game expecting the trailers view with lush planets with lots to see and creatures that would act different. sure all the planets look a little differnet but most are sparse and has some small amounts of trees and/or interesting landscape.i wish the game reflected the trailer. the planets they showed in there gameplay trailer was amazing and i know no mans sky has the ability to be that way but instead the game is a bit of a let down when it comes to actual gameplay, which is sparse and devoid of interesting places to explore. i think this game is a great concept for better games to come."
,Not Recommended,275850,25103153,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,TheCrazyGuy,Not much to say about this game other than it is a huuge empty space with nothting to do. there are very few elements and things to obtain or get a use out of. all buildings and most everything look very similar. wait till the price drops. that wont be long at all. sales have dropped 80% in 2 weeks since launch BC of false advertising and crap game with LOADS of POTENTIAL
76561198031273221,Not Recommended,275850,25477124,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Sheepscuit,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ review for ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. You know why it sucks, everyone knows."
76561198258348450,Not Recommended,275850,25872947,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Ravenloft,Horrible waste of money.  A home castration kit is more fun.
76561197970317302,Not Recommended,275850,25011734,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Prattler,"This is one of those games that should have been greenlit, it has tonnes of potential but it has fallen short on almost every level.  NMS needs more content,  Hello Games should have spent another 6 to 12 months adding content.  There is a goal and a story but both just seem tedious and boring to follow.  I have given up on the game and I will wait and see if there will be any free dlc.Save you money and wait until the price drops and any new dlc is included."
,Not Recommended,275850,25086273,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Kapahala,"I have been gaming for over 25 years and this is the first time my entire life I have been lied to about a game. There is literally no purpose in this game what so ever , there are no factions , no diversity of planets ( they lied about desert/water planets. ) There is ZERO multiplayer  , deisgners lied about so many things , I counted 288 lies (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTTPlqK8AnY) seen in that video. If you guys think this game looks good based on gameplay footage I would almost guarentee 95% of it is not even in the game , I don't understand how a company can lie so much. There are zero large creatures , zero large flyign space creatures , it's a joke. I have never been so bummed out in my entire life. If I could I would get a refund. You guys are better off waiting for the next civilization or buy the witcher 3 or something good for 60 USD. Way too many fundemental flaws , user interface is terrible. overall it's just a really bad version of Destiny."
76561198199429701,Not Recommended,275850,25277296,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,ReoReo,"i have about 30 hours game play and there is so much content missing from what sean murray has said, disspointing!!"
76561198117911090,Not Recommended,275850,25251508,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,JerBear,Not an awful game. I was as well expecting more from it. Mainly in terms of the races. Of course the multiplayer they were saying until last minute. The planets all seem the same and the wild life seems to be slightly altered on each planet no big difference. They only walk around in circles no actual interaction besides feeding them. There are absolutely no factions fighting randomly the controls are kinda wanky for flying. Other than an OK exploration but that is all I got from this game. Not worth the 60 dollars by any means. Updates may change this but until (if) they do. I don't recommend.
76561198012692223,Not Recommended,275850,25070021,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,davidcommons,"its high time the gaming industry was regulated like other industries, Hello games/ Sean Murray have sold a broken, unfinished ""concept demo"" that lacks huge parts of the promised content at full AAA premium price and there is not 1 class action law suit to be seen.this needs to be stopped.I'm ashamed this was released by a British developer."
,Not Recommended,275850,25190554,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,roflzord,"So after long anticipation for this game, I can safely say I am sorely disappointed in the product I paid for, and for a number of reasons.I've put 17 hours into this game so far. I wanted to give it a solid chance, like I do with most games I purchase. I played it solid for about 8 hours after exploring 2 planets, and came to realise that the game was just a repetitive grindfest/time sink: go to planet A, scan for objective B, collect material C, document flora/fauna D, rinse repeat until you decide to turn it off and play something else. I came back to it a day or two later to put another 5 hours into it just to give another chance, and found that the next 3 planets I hopped to were just as boring. I did the same again for the next revisit of my playtime, to which I have come to the conclusion that I do not foresee myself playing the game again.On launch, the game ran fine. Running at 144 frames on a 144hz monitor, with a 4790k, 16GB RAM, and a 980Ti, it was smooth as butter. My only gripe with the UI from launch, was the constant annoyances of holding a button to do this that or the other, and the sound bugs and alerts of your suit being low at 75%.. Following the recent updates, this game just does not run well at all, 30/40fps with it on low, or high, with every type of AA tested.Couple the above with it being nothing at all what the media and teasers had hyped it up to be, I was even more disappointed with this game, having followed it closely for 2 years since learning of its development. I'm not even going to mention the whole deal with the supposed multiplayer aspect either.Would I recommend this game? Not at all, possibly if it comes down in price to say £15, and then goes on sale? Sure."
,Not Recommended,275850,25134322,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,matthewvogt,"2017:currentctdbefore update atl whateverOh and its still $60 bucks. really? I wouldn't pay over $10 for this game.Came back for basbuilding. very soon i found myself asking, well myself, Why am I playing this game again? Whos going to see my base or even care? Not an NPC thats for sure they cant even get out of their ships. A year later and they cant get out of their ships or walk around, Its the same thing with a clever update tag. I will never buy a hello games game ever again. EVER! Do you hear that Hello Games? No you don't because you arn't listening to what people want. You say you do but honestly your company is still the same company that feed us lies. MORE THAN ONCE! Check back in another year to check on this game. Fiy if you do, it will be the same game.I just pulled the ""about game"" Detials for this game from the store page. lets look at the list of lies this company still spreads.""In No Man's Sky, every star is the light of a distant sun, each orbited by planets filled with life, and you can go to any of them you choose.""Lies, nothing in no mans sky orbits anything. just static in space. Second, other than some animal life theres not much life. You can go anywhere you choose thou.""you'll discover places and creatures that no other players have seen before""maybe true but everything looks so close to being the same thing. a speach stone looks like a speech stone, no matter what planet or space. Same goes for every object / base / outpost.""At the centre of the galaxy lies a irresistible pulse which draws you on a journey towards it to learn the true nature of the cosmos.""Watch someone get to the center on youtube, they will be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and prolly say this is a lie.when you get there theres no cutsence or anything. *spoiler********* You just start over with everything you have broken. what did i learn? Not to trust your company. thanks.2016:trash. after 10 hours you have seen everything. We were shown a game that wasn't the real thing. watch the trailers for all of those who have played so far. Its fun and great for about 10 hours. Ive put 25 into it on pc and 10 on ps4 and i feel like ive seen almost everything in the game. * spoilers *if you get to center of galazy it starts over. lame i want a refund now."
76561197990741323,Not Recommended,275850,25306970,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,S†ºñèdMºñkèý,Biggest disappointment in all my years of playing video games!
,Not Recommended,275850,25331936,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Sinephase Man: Defender of Moms,"Boring, unpolished. I want the game that was advertised. Steam needs to refund anyone who wants a refund because of the illegal marketing leading up to the game's released."
76561198095345433,Not Recommended,275850,26430978,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Jye Jye,"No Man's Sky. Hello Games reputation had gone to the void of mistakes and If I wanted to kill myself, I’d climb to their ego and jump to their IQ.The amount of false advertising is disgusting and makes me nautious when i think of it for too long. I had written a list of sentences you 'promised' for the final release of No Man's Sky.-Fractions.-Huge fleets in space.-Massive creatures (eg. Sand worm in E3 trailer).-Sand planets.-planetary physics.-ship classes with meaningful differentiation.-homogenous resource availability.-asteroid landings.-space station and fleet destruction.-in-atmosphere battles.-NPCs outside trading posts and other docks.-ringed planets.-flying between stars without warp (hidden loading screen via Warp).-complex creature behaviour including environmental interaction.-rivers.-points of interest such as large structures and crashed freighters.-hacking locked doors.-radio chatter.-interaction with other players.-trading with players.-No loading screens (Warp)I also found a video made by TerakJK,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TVrDaudzn64In all jokes aside, this game broke my heart in believing that one day a 'perfect' game would come... i was wrong.This gets a 0/10 f*ck you Hello Games.Sean Murrey, you were the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ your mother should have spit out... Thank you for reading my Review :)EDIT: All these major updates are making me wonder if we literally pre-purchased an alpha game. (All the things on the list are BEFORE these updates.)"
76561198070882139,Not Recommended,275850,24846341,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,PaperMannnnnnnnn,"GTX1070, I7 4790, 32GB Ram20~40 fps on low graphic setting.???????????"
,Not Recommended,275850,25051550,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,StorM,Glad i refunded.Such a waste of money/time. Never buy and you'll be happy.
76561198009327039,Not Recommended,275850,25192955,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,bigmike73,"Bought the game hoping for ... something akin to what was talked about in many of the promo vids. The game is expansive I'll give it that - after the sheer size of the sandbox you can play in, not much else is appealing. Glitchy graphics, bugs, slow response on a system definitely able to handle the requirements have made this a definite disappointment."
,Not Recommended,275850,25192966,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Ritsu,"After you can finally get past the issues (unless they're gotten fixed now) you'll find that this game was not as advertised.Lies, broken promises, all of it.I feel like i can't really say much here that heasn't already been said in other reviews (and i'm bad at explaining stuff), so i guess those will help you more than mine (sorry).If you still want this game, do yourself a favor and wait for it to go on sale (like 70%+ or something)."
,Not Recommended,275850,24966620,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Bier trinken alkoholische,"no, dont buy it."
,Not Recommended,275850,24988645,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,iineedfire,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A8P2CZg3sJQNo Mans Lies.Absolute garbage. 0/10Stay away from Hello Games.https://www.reddit.com/r/NoMansSkyTheGame/comments/4y4i3a/wheres_the_nms_we_were_sold_on_front_page/https://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2016/08/17/broken-promises-of-no-mans-sky/https://www.vg247.com/2016/08/17/everything-missing-from-no-mans-sky-list/http://kotaku.com/no-mans-sky-the-kotaku-review-1785383774http://n4g.com/news/1943291/did-sean-murray-lie-about-no-mans-skyhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TVrDaudzn64https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E8Xugg5U-jE
,Not Recommended,275850,24848762,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Ange le Carré,Even the positive reviews are negative 10/10.
76561198038633296,Not Recommended,275850,25211505,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Colonel Sanders,False advertising. The game developer lied openly about the game's features on interviews and you can tell by his hesitation to answer questions regarding multi-player.
76561197993130901,Not Recommended,275850,25162920,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,FALLOUT DEAD,Don't buy it.
,Recommended,275850,34175877,Posted: 11 August,all,Tommy Salami,"Although at launch we did not get what we were promised, i however still had fun playing this for hours and am glad I did so. I myself thoroughly enjoyed playing and am glad the developers are still trying their hardest to make the game what it was suppose to be, despite the opposition from the gaming community. I can't wait for this to develop into what it was promised."
,Not Recommended,275850,25011770,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,GameOnSon,"The concept was amazing and with such potential, but the game ended up being terribly hollow. It became boring (endless mineral grind) very quickly and although there is a never ending glaxy to explore, there isnt anything in it. I do regret buying it. Hopefully they will expand the game eventually and fill the game with interesting things to do."
,Not Recommended,275850,25277334,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Draco,Middle mouse button didn't register clicks within game and no way to bind the key to something else. 4/10
,Not Recommended,275850,25225088,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Darkmax,"I pre-ordered the game on March hoping it would be what the developers were advertising. My friends and I were really excited that finally we would have an awesome space exploration game that we could enjoy and play together. I am very disappointed with the final product. I really don't care about the game ending, I purchased this game because I really liked the idea of exploring with friends. Don't get me wrong, the game does the exploration part very well, however I cannot accept the lies the developers told us just for selling more copies of this game. This is NOT MULTIPLAYER, please do not buy if you are looking for that."
76561198202409780,Not Recommended,275850,25100363,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Slimy Turd Ball,"Like everyone else, I expected more from this piece of junk. It's a sad thing. I bought this game expecting better.I wanted something like a Star Wars type game.I do not recommend this game, I would only recommend it if it was less that a £1."
76561197970493276,Not Recommended,275850,25283403,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Skagzilla,"Terrible performance, frequent crashes, shallow game and lying media:  trailer is still showing things that aren't in the game."
,Not Recommended,275850,25093252,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Lozziebabbiie,"Would absolutely not recommend this game! It plays fine on my computer, but the truth of the matter is? I firmly believe this was false advertised. I can't get into it, the storyline is too slow. I've played five hours and I'm sorry I'm not really even past the starting point. I am just so dissapointed, I wanted to like this game, I wanted to love it, it looked amazing from the trailers, but it's just not what it was made out to be. Thoroughly dissapointed."
76561198022184220,Not Recommended,275850,25248536,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,ODSY Viper,"This game could not be a better example of why quality is better than quantity. Like most I was sucked in by all the hype, 18 quintillion planets to explore with unique sights, fauna and flora on every one. Sounds awesome. Once you start to realise how shallow and repetitive the core game play is however, the hype quickly falls away to reveal a severely underwhelming experience.I was bored after only a few hours of gameplay on launch day and had restarted multiple times due to the game crashing, but I kept playing for a few extra hours in the hope that things would improve once I started to explore further, upgrade my gear and see more the game had to offer. This wasn't the case.To make matters worse, after finding out that steam offers refunds and thinking I could get my $60 back (why is this game so expensive anyway?), my claim was rejected because I had 5 hours playtime instead of the maximum 2. Even considering the failed promises the developers made about gameplay features that never actually made it into the game.I have not touched the game since and have no plans to. It will sit in my steam library and rot as a reminder not to pre-order games on steam."
76561198045726597,Not Recommended,275850,25175389,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Old Gregg,it was all a lie
76561198136890328,Not Recommended,275850,25102464,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Cain,"We were promised strategic depth in exploiting countless vividly alive worlds, markets, and skirmishes.In the end $60 bought us redundant homogeneous mediocrity.Naturally it'll take longer than the 2 hour refund period to convince oneself that such an eagerly anticipated game of the year with such potential was a hollow cash grab.Go play Empyrion and await Star Citizen."
,Not Recommended,275850,25362093,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Kioom,First of all ... I will say that I tried... I tried for 17 hours to like the game. Well... it's all a big lie. The games is very simple and has no real direction. I tried to get a refund (twice) but Steam tells me that I have too many hours on the game. Thank you steam!
,Not Recommended,275850,25164554,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Dimetrodon,"This game was aweful. I have played 50 hours now and am no further than when I started despit the upgrades to the suit, ship and boltcaster. There has been no change or excitement in the storyline or anything worth even seeing. I would not recomend this to anyone who expects a real game."
,Not Recommended,275850,25303069,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Serapathic,"From the moment you begin in this game, you are told to go to the centre of the galaxy, towards some unknown signal that is attracting you. Many thought this would be something wonderful and interesting, but there is literally nothing there. The whole aim of this game is removed, because the ending does not exist. Add in huge problems with performance and crashing, and you have a game which may have been a good idea, but becomes nothing at all. Just a constant grind with no point to it whatsoever. Hello Games, you have made a very very bad game."
76561197962942553,Not Recommended,275850,25303088,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,chris_brown56,"In a nutshell, this is a 20$ game being sold for 60$."
76561198033645851,Not Recommended,275850,25072436,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Emperor's Child,"The worst game I have ever purchased. It was not worth the £40 I payed for it, if only the game was worth buying."
76561198079133044,Not Recommended,275850,25160965,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Avatar0604,10/10 refund best thing i ever didProblemswe were not given what we were promised e.g. no muiltplayer and fleets much more and i could keep on going on but do not buy it unless its on sale or we were given what we were promised
76561198015615553,Recommended,275850,34200632,Posted: 12 August,all,Viper,"The updates just keep making the game what it was supposed to be. While that may sound backwards, the game has an awesome concept behind it and fun gameplay mechanics, and it deserves to achieve greatness. I will continue to follow the game and its updates in hopes that it will continue to deliver on the promises at launch. That's all we can ask for."
,Not Recommended,275850,25264767,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Torbinator,REFUND
,Not Recommended,275850,25304521,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Roger The Shrubber,"Definiely need to vent, finally - I tried so hard, I put in 40 hours (it says 57, but a LOT of that is AFK or being tabbed out while I did other, actually fun things).Anyone who believes this product was advertised accurately is a moron. I don't mean to say anyone who ENJOYS the game is a moron at the same time, to each their own. I just can't get over how many obnoxious sods try to advocate for Sean Murray & Hello Games' PR group as if ""they told us this is what No Man's Sky would be, you are just dumb"". This game was falsely advertised, and cold hard evidence supports that. Sean Murray's mysterious disappearing act other than his jaded Support Update posts should confirm it. Why hasn't he gone back in front of cameras, back on stage, to bask in the glory of all his promises? Yea - because they didn't happen, and he knows it. Hope you made enough money to last the rest of your life Sean, because you made a ""one-and-done"" appearance in the gaming industry as far as I'm concerned.To any of those people who like defending Sean Murray/No Man's Sky as ""Accurately Advertised"" - you can stop talking, because as soon as that opinion comes out of anyone's brain, I stop listening/reading/etc. just like Sean Murray seems to be doing with our Feedback. This review is like voting, I know it doesn't really matter in the end, but I do it because it's my duty."
76561198064989254,Not Recommended,275850,25281317,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,UmBongo,This game was so miss sold.Looks nothing like the videos and screenshots. In game content is missing that was described to us by the developers.There is no multiplay but it was advertised as having soi have had many game breaking bugs and crash and had to start over again after a game breaking bug meant i could reload my saves.asked steam for a refund but i have been shot down everytime
76561198127049242,Not Recommended,275850,25264720,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Canada Dry,It was fun for the first two or three hours and i kept pushing to see if it got better.. And it didnt. Literally the same game with no more than very slight changes. Good game for 20 or under but not anywhere near a AAA title price
76561198043653590,Not Recommended,275850,25415289,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Buuddhaahaa,"Just not worth $66. Maybe $10 max. 18 hrs in, gets very...very repetitive. Unless they add new features, I don't recommend this $66 game."
76561197970546058,Not Recommended,275850,25380448,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,gorr045,"This Game Is crap,I'm ashamed to be the same nationality as the ripoff merchant who thought this one up.£39.99 DO NOT BUY IT"
76561197988378281,Not Recommended,275850,25378811,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,YoungDarkAngel,Exploration game with nothing to explore.
,Not Recommended,275850,25833118,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,RancherStriker,"It's a game about walking the same kind of terrain, with different recolors. And animals assembled randomly.VERY bad game, fell for the hype, paid for it. Now my hope is to just wait to see if Hello Games do something or just cash out.In the meantime, never buying any other game made by them. Looking for the developers of this piece of trash in order to not buy ANYTHING made by them."
76561198287739708,Not Recommended,275850,26395164,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,indiegamer420,"just take your sixty dollars and go to the strip club... it will be more intertaining and last longer, as well as being more rememmberable."
76561197972358009,Not Recommended,275850,25346823,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,grassy49,"Thank you Steam for giving me a refund on this game, it need major patch work and a lower price $30"
76561198095323016,Not Recommended,275850,25347027,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,GilbertPrussiaRPG,"I don't write many reviews, and this would be one of them. The games have to have a very big impact for me to have a comment about them, and this is one that had a very negative impact.No Man's Sky. When I saw the trailer six months ago, I was estatic. When I saw footage of the gameplay that Hello Games promised, I was filled with such excitement and hype that I wished the game was out at that very moment. I waited, patiently, for the first release date, June 21st. And waited. And just before it was about to be released, the date was pushed back. Uh oh. By then, I had already heard news about some issues the developers were having, and I thought, ""Okay, it still is going to be a good game.. It just, needs some work!"" and when it was released on August 9th, I downloaded it very quickly.The presentation was nice. I'll give Hello Games that. They promised a multitude of things. True multiplayer, for one, was a very large letdown. There is no social interaction on any planet at all, other than the creatures you may discover, and the NPC trading ships flying about occasionally.Classes were to be treated as a sole profession. That, say you wanted to be a pirate. Fly around and plunder space. Well you still need to go down to a planet to gather resources to repair and fly your ship. You don't have your own true, customizable experience in-game.You were promised you could discover ships, and name them, and that there were different kinds of ships that were built for exploration, or speed. Well I can tell you firsthand that isn't the case. Speed in this game seems almost irrelevant.Factions. This was a huge part of the game I was looking forward to. It was promised that, as we watched two warring factions duke it out in some of the YouTube teaser videos, that we could ""join in"" and ""take sides"". Factions exist. But not at that grand of a scale. You don't get a massive reward for helping out some pirates, or perhaps saving a massive cargo ship from destruction, other than some resources you get for destroying them. There is no way to have a hateful faction against you in this game, and increasing your standing is just a ""feel good"" text, that really doesn't have any effect.Complex crafting. Murray told the people ""we're just letting players loose, and, a little bit like Minecraft, people can figure out those rules for themselves."" Nowhere near close to true. Murray said, ""When we release the game, we're not telling people 'here are all the formulas."" I'm not one for accusation, but each crafting ""recipe"" is told by the game what resource you need, and finding it is really... abundant. There is no sort of Minecraft feel to it at all, unless you are talking about being able to destroy the rocks with a grenade. Sure, it's a different sort of take on crafting, but it really seems like Hello Games took after Destiny. They created such a large hype for such a low, undermade game. I don't like games like this, and this will definintely make me think a loooong time before ever pre-ordering again. 4 hours of this game, and I haven't fully explored one planet yet. I haven't even used the hyperdrive. Because I know what this game is going to be like. One planet after the next. Flying every so often, landing, fueling up, discovering some things, and then taking off once more, going to yet another planet, and somehow, eventually, making your way to the center of the universe. There is no real goal in this game. There is no enjoyment. Not for someone like me.http://www.ibtimes.com/no-mans-sky-5-awesome-features-were-removed-ps4pc-game-release-2403324(This link was helpful in making this review.)"
,Not Recommended,275850,25315443,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Kiuper,"Did you get to the center, did you expect something other thanNOTHINGI hope not."
,Not Recommended,275850,25187926,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,OMGrant,"I would have loved this game if it we're as immersive, or lively as the game trailers. Most of what made this game sound exciting got feture cut, and the fact that it takes more than 2 hours to find out the rest of the game lacks all these things Sean Murray talked about months before the game launched, but not when the game launched... Its incredulous. For $60, I feel amazingly ripped off.The game isn't without value. Its still technically a game. I would have been ok with the game being 80% of what was shown at E3, etc. No Man Sky is at about 40%, and you can't even find that out until its too late."
,Not Recommended,275850,25070642,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Demoney,"No man's sky? One mans lie.""As wide as an ocean, but has the depth of a puddle"".I kept hoping that maybe it will get better, maybe it's actually so vast that nobody has actually seen the things that were shown to us this game would have. Turns out we were just lied to. The only game I have EVER requested a refund on."
76561197983127143,Not Recommended,275850,25866145,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Mr_Cossack,"Not worth the £40. Nothing like what the trailers showed. All those big space battles, beautiful AAA standard graphics and ambient sound design when watching the large animal charge through trees as the small animals run in fear. None of that.After 20 hours i couldn't bare to go back on. I found that after around 10 hours the game-play became repetitive and the planets a bit samey. Such a shame, there was huge potential here. I have waited a long time until after release before giving my opinion, hoping for updates to fix what was broke and add what was missing. The complete silence from the devs since release is a disgrace."
76561198027543296,Not Recommended,275850,25599057,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Nuclear_Tsunami,"Kept playing because I thought I would find some of the features that were promised.  But, its just a big dissapointment.  They didn't provide a lot of the gameplay features they said they would and there is literally nothing to do in the game other than explore and manage your inventory.  The exploration is lackluster as well, you'll never find anything unique or exciting or that advances your game, etc."
,Not Recommended,275850,25376415,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Master Smokey,doesnt get better than the first 15 min. avoid until its 20 bucks or less
,Not Recommended,275850,25282850,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,NightHunter☯,"I tried to like the game but i just cant it's get boring after 5 hours of playing it and personally i dont think is worth 59,99 euro way to expensive for this game.There is some good things but overall is just not worth it right now."
76561197989919110,Not Recommended,275850,25512078,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Forrest,"!!WARNING!!I strongly suggest not buying the game. The game was way oversold, and it still continues to drop in user ratings. It is so bad infact, valve had to put a disclaimer reguarding to refunds on the games store page. It is very sad to see valve allow such a company sell a product which was so falsely advertised. I have given up on trying to get a refund. This game damaged my unyielding trust in valve of whom i have been a customer of for a decade."
,Not Recommended,275850,28115937,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,EatTheVoices,"Its like a 15$ early access title that just launched, except its 60$ and this is the release. Ive played a lot of games, This open world exploration is litterly my favorite genre. But sadly this game is bad enough to bury unsold copies in the desert.P.S. my refund was deniedThe game is alright for the first 2-3 hours"
76561198032271438,Not Recommended,275850,24878365,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Bobzilla,Pros: At least Sean did not lie about it being a game. Thumbs up
76561198012389053,Not Recommended,275850,24969584,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Jordyqt,It was too good to be true boiz
,Not Recommended,275850,24978639,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Pre55ure,"55 plus hours... i now realise ive done evry activity there is to do, i mean in the first couple hours i had done every activity i could do, but i just didnt know it untill i got 40 50 hours in or so when my bearings caught up with the game mechanics.after this many hours the only reason im drawn towards playin NMS is because its the latest title in my library and even with that im hardly playing or want to.... its not because i cant wait to get stuck back in and carry on with those activitys. im bored of them !i have a long way to the centre yet but i think im going to happily give up my journey through lack of interest.procedural generation ???pfftevery planet is the same but ddifferent colour (about 3 to 5 colours) essentially but (TECHNICALLY) every planet is different although visually you will hardly notice.even have the same plants on each planet (visually) but with different names and thats literally every planet.the concept of a game like this has massive appeal.... unfortunatly it seems this was the only insentive to market such a game based on vague reveals for the dosh come the end.this game is not worth 40 pounds and is not tripple A game stuff. after the backlash the release has recieved it would be a wise move to wait untill way cheaper or never give this title the time of day, iether way you wont be dissapointed."
,Recommended,275850,30420062,Posted: 9 March,all,Cottonceed,"- Path Finder Update -I was as enraged as everyone else when the game first released but with the two major updates they've released, the game is actually progressively getting better. Definitely not worth the $60 yet, but it's getting there.Honestly, I reinstalled it yesterday and I haven't put it down since. It's actually fairly fun now. Give No Man's Sky another chance and you'll see what I mean.Edit:Also, if you're into screnshotting, the Photo Mode is a godsend. Could be improved a little, but I'm having a blast with it. (Screens on profile) Will update this review once another major patch is released."
76561198065060733,Not Recommended,275850,25258491,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,buzzerd,dont buy not worth 10$. i only played 60h caus i fell asleep 2 times. total grind fest all planets are more or less the same.I WILL NEVER GIVE THIS DEV ANOTHER DIMEI WANT A REFUND FOR THE LIES
76561197991789661,Not Recommended,275850,24850417,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Ali,DO NOT BUY this game until the issues are resolved!!Doesn't launch half the time and when is does it runs poorly on a high end system.After all the delays you would expect this game to work properly.Really disappointed!!
76561198098886789,Not Recommended,275850,24965287,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Superdoedoe,"Constant drops of fps, even after all the changes and fixes, only good parts is the weird animals"
76561198033219567,Not Recommended,275850,25239922,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Paranoia Penguin,Horribly optimised game full of broken promises
,Not Recommended,275850,25100266,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Shashingaling,"DO. NOT. EVEN. THINK. OF. BUYING. THIS. GAME.This is by far the most dissapointing game in years. The absolutly only thing that you do is walk around naming a few plants and animals. Flying to another planet and naming a few plants and animals. Flying to a moon and naming a few plants and animals. There is no interactive story, no characters, no quests. You just talk to a memeber of only 3 species and buy a part for you ship, gun, or suite. You name some worlds, plants and animals. And that is litteraly it, there is nothing else whatsoever to do. After 10 worlds or so they all start to pretty much look the same. The worlds are either toxic, dessert, barren, tropical, tundra or forest. They are completly devoid of civilization other then a little itty bitty outpost with only 1 random alien every dozen miles. The only thing I can say is good about this game is that its big and the music is nice. Thats it. There is no fun to be found here."
,Not Recommended,275850,25099265,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Jobfair Hunter,"my first expectation when i bought this game was online multiplayer or at least i can see another player in the galaxy, until then well sorry THUMBS DOWN"
76561197973237535,Not Recommended,275850,25095239,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,russian stallion,"This is a procedurally generated review that advises you not to buy the game.But after all this review is almost identical to all others in steam right now.That's how every planet is in No Man's Sky.But lets be more serious and read the description of this game:""The galaxy is a living, breathing place. Trade convoys travel between stars, factions vie for territory, pirates hunt the unwary, and the police are ever watching. Every other player lives in the same galaxy, and you can choose to share your discoveries with them on a map that spans known space. Perhaps you will see the results of their actions as well as your own.."".Every sentence is a lie.The galaxy is not living breathing place.Its so dead especially the AI of the animals is braindead.Trade convoys don't travel anywhere they just stand still and idle ready to be looted.The 3 factions(LOL 3 factions in 18 quantrillions planets) are not fighting for anything they just play with ipads in stations.Pirates dont hunt anything they barely come after you if your inventory is full.""Every other player lives in the same galaxy"" LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL i won't even make a comment on this."
76561198030160361,Not Recommended,275850,25233087,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Forrest Entry,no mans sky the game where it takes an 8 hour grind to get off the first planet only to realize that was 90% of the game. and 2 hour return policy. well played steam well played... also you can fall thru the ground mining and die and not be able to recover your body and you can land your ship in a way that it explodes when you take off the next time.
76561198042274594,Not Recommended,275850,25242035,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Karl Marx,Worst ending ever
76561198292426454,Not Recommended,275850,25061809,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,sentienthominid,"I made the error of not initially playing this game on Steam, so I had to buy it again to write this review. But I did it anyway because I feel a moral obligation to warm my fellow humans of this atrocity. Well, it's not the game itself that's the atrocity, even though it's not good by any mutilation of the imagination.No, the true problem plaguing this abomination is the sheer unprecedented number of lies from Sean Murray and other developers, but mostly Sean Murray, surronding this game, and the laughably unprofessional handling of these controversies by Hello Games, who have, hopefully, ended their game-developing careers.As is standard, when drama brews on the Internet, be it justified or otherwise, reddit is there to document it. So here is a non-comprehensive (hard to believe that) list of everything lied about:https://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/4y1h9i/wheres_the_no_mans_sky_we_were_sold_on_a_big_list/Here is an extremely good review I found that explains most of the problems:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbQf97FSmb8Here is an extremely good video I found documenting fan backlash:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A8P2CZg3sJQAnd here is a extremely good video I found showing some of the lies listed above, warning though, it does have some strong language:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Wgolc1rRroThis game is only useful for testing Steam's refund system.Sean Murray should go back to selling used cars."
,Not Recommended,275850,26197366,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,ApexPredator,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄No Man's Sky▄▐▄▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
76561198034281651,Not Recommended,275850,25196496,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,pho3nix,"Hands down one of the worst games ever, lies, false promises, to much repetition, glitches after glitches, i have to even keep restarting my pc inorder to run the game as i cannot even kill the process in the task manager after exiting and cannot run the game again (the game says i ahve over 200 hrs of game play and i have not been playing it as it it keeps running in the background after exiting to the desktop) , bad frame rate, no sense of new discoveries (seeing the same thing over and over), for the price i paid, not worth it at allHELLO GAMES......I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!!!!  Total waste of time and money"
,Not Recommended,275850,25120040,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Umadbrah,"This video is pretty much spot onhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wsFhv_Kz38, what gets me, is they are still selling it off the old videos, when its obvious after looking through files and playing the game, most of it isnt included. lol If you want the no mans sky thats being shown in the trailers, including here on steam, this isn't the game to buy."
,Not Recommended,275850,24981464,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,XLB,"I thought I would like this game. I enjoyed it for maybe thirty minutes. I kept saying ""it will get better"" but it never did. I got bored real quick. The most I thought was cool from the game was exploring, but that gets boring quick. No where near what I thought it was going to be. I did not get hyped prior to launch, and I tried to get some reviews, which now seemed biased towards the game, than actual reviews. Don't buy the unless you want to do the same thing all game."
,Not Recommended,275850,24846655,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Dracowyn,"At this moment, the game is unplayable for the majority of people. For me it's stuck at the title screen showing an infinite stream of stars. Pressing or holding any button doesn't do anything and you can only exit it via task manager."
,Not Recommended,275850,25272467,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Cpt. Thicc,"This game...This game was just not likable. Space engineers did NMS better than NMS. I don't know what really put the nail in the coffin for me. It could have been the countless lies made pre-release, it could have been the endless grind that was the games main mechanic. Anyways, even though this game now runs okay, it is just an awful game not consisting of what was told would be in the game."
76561198004944335,Not Recommended,275850,25092210,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,VPhelxV,"This game does barely half of everything right. I have max slots on everything and max upgrades, So far I have not experienced the more significant promises. After watching Angry Joes Rant I would have to say that he is overwhelmingly right on a lot of the games lack of features. This is at best a 30$ game in the state it is in now, for 60$ we had all better get some support from the Devs. ""How about no paid DLC and finish up what you started n put the features that you said would be in the game and put them in there Hello Games.""  I do like the game dont get me wrong. There is just not a lot going on other than fly here gather what you ""need"", scan animals, that is it. There is a ""scan"" function on the galactic map that dont work, there is also no ""scan tech"" for the ship even tho there is a tab for upgrading. Its all so silly, end review."
76561198020843785,Not Recommended,275850,25127545,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,WillyDe,"boring, buggy and not as advertised. want my money back"
,Not Recommended,275850,25018790,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,human,"I certainly didn't have the highest of hopes but I didn't expect the biggest of dissapointments. I knew multiplayer wasn't there, I didn't care. However I've come across planets which were discovered by other people and that put a smile on my face even though I knew it wasn't that rare from the first day.The idea of 'randomly generated' always sounded to failish to me because of all pre-release footage we saw.I haven't seen any major bugs. My game never crashed. So I never had any bug troubles.I have a fairly good setup but I had to lower my graphic settings to medium so I could get a playable framerate.After all this I was still happy exploring. Than I started thinking. So random but so similar. What's the point?It wasn't long before I told myself I don't want to keep playing. The few things this game offered, all failed.1) You never feel alone in the 'vast universe'. Wherever you go there are those meaningless hubs. If few more were next to eachother we could say there are cities in every planet. You are never far from an intelligent alien form. (THIS GAME HAS THE MOST BORING NPCs and it has many) There is actually sky traffic everywhere. Why would you populate an exploration game with pointless ships and aliens and other structures everywhere?2) It is not a every player can play his/her own way kind of game since what you can do is very limited. You mine, you fly, you mine, you fly.. once in a while there are space fights and you never know who or why there is a fight BUT you can take side and be a part of it. That don't make sense to me so I stay away from that. When you use a beacon on few planets you learn the 'basics' and you just find yourself going around planets looking for a bigger ship so you can collect more useless stuff for yourself. You don't even know what you look like which makes it even more stupid.3) Exploring is dull for other reasons too. You get different readings from your scan results on each planet; temperatures, floral data and other stuff. Cool but you never feel If it's freezing or scorching except from your shields depleting. So the planet conditions are definitely not adding any excitement to the exploring. To be simple, same 'thing' different color everywhere. I think poor sounds effect this too. If there is no real purpose and it's just exploration they should have thrown some exploration elements somewhere in there. What you explore in this game is nothing more than the color selections the random generator bot went for.Last years it was the survival genre which ripped off gamers using early-access scam, now looks like exploration is the new rip-off. We all know space and exploration can easily become a hype, but they release games when they know it will dissapoint people."
,Recommended,275850,34196172,Posted: 12 August,all,Realtra,"Bought the game on release. Had a crappy laptop. Couldn't play it because of low frames. Watched live streams and videos of the game. Realised that it lacked content. Refunded.Saw 1.3 update video. Got excited. Checked Steam. NMS on sale for $24. PogChamp.Certainly a better game one year on. Massive respect to Hello Games for putting their heads down and working. They listened to player (and non-player) feedback and critisism, and have produced multiple updates targeting the issues of lack of content, bugs, and optimisation.However, they're still partially in my bad-books for not being honest with both the consumers and themselves. Hope that changes in future."
,Not Recommended,275850,25160966,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,beztalve,"This is it...?I decided to give it a proper go and commited 7 hours of dull repititive grinding, and it's still boring as hell. To make things worse I'm not eligible for a refund from Steam (they have a 2 hour limit). My bad - it was boring after 1 hour, I should have given up on it then.Do not buy this game... just don't. Great concepts, poor execution and an excessive pricetag!"
76561198089243870,Not Recommended,275850,25086347,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,killcon 13,"Where is it?  I serched the univerce and I found a dinosour with a horn on it.  I found dog dinos.  I found a small inventory and ships that had an even smaller inventory.  I didn't find my friends, factions or anything interesting in the center of the univerce.  I did find disapointment after a 3 year wait. I did not find fun. I hope they find my 60 dollars in particular and choke on it.  As they slowy suffocate on my money I hope they think about what they have done.  Then I hope they cough it up get a big lung of air and live knowing they have angered several million of the most volatile and unstable people on the planet. Good luck living in peace the rest of your life losers!! I will never buy a Hello games product ever again."
,Not Recommended,275850,24939627,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Kappatain_Kitty,Overpriced and next to no features.
76561198010343292,Not Recommended,275850,25230876,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,corey9847,Would have lived up to the hype if they had called this game Purchase Regret Simulator.
,Not Recommended,275850,25222809,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,sildargod,"Game is a great idea but the execution is very poor. It's also almost unplayable with regular, consistant hanging and issues with badly handled pop-ups (characters not appearing, resources unviewable) and poor design choices.I went in positive and tried to wait out the glaring problems, but cannot justify it any further. It's not delivered on any of the promises made by the developers."
,Not Recommended,275850,25221607,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Stuped349,Save yourself.
76561197975736719,Not Recommended,275850,25171372,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Kafir Pride,"Repetative, empty, meaningless.Demos and trailers show lush exotic worlds.  Haven't seen one of those, but I have seen lots of orange rock, and rectangular mineral deposits.Communication with aliens is rediculous.  I spent hours looking for ruins... result:  when I speak to an alien, I understand 3 words of their sentence.  But SOME CRAZY HOW, I seem to sense what they're saying.... like my character must be Betazed.And am I hermetically sealed in a spacesuit or not?!  Toxic atmosphere?  No problem!  Water?  ZOMG YOU'RE RUNNING OUT OF O2!!!!1   Lazy use of an overused video game trope."
,Not Recommended,275850,25783101,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,5h34rcon,"As most people have stated, really repetitive, no real story, no real point, planets mostly look the same with different colors, creatures look dumb after a while, just a big grind fest. I really did try to like this game, but just got so boring and tedious. I am a completionist, I wanted to find all the creatures and whatnot, but found myself just not caring at all and leaving planets right after touchdown because it all looked the same. So sad. I do not recommend anyone buying this game."
76561198087797662,Not Recommended,275850,25335006,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Jack the Sad Loser,"Just don't. Wait for patches, updates and discounts. It ain't worth it. sorry"
,Not Recommended,275850,25200313,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Optimum nutrition,https://www.reddit.com/r/NoMansSkyTheGame/comments/4zuydl/psa_steam_is_offering_no_mans_sky_refunds/
76561198020488283,Not Recommended,275850,25245202,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Labratty,"Quite relaxing sandbox to waste time in, but the 'game' is just an endless number of poor game design choices and bugs.The modders easily made the game significantly better in under two weeks without access to the source, it is that flawed.I think every single image from the promo video and images cannot be seen in the delivered game.  Not one single valid in-game shot.tl;dr Very interesting procedural content experiment for those interested in the theoretical side, shockingly bad game.update: 3 months in, no major update or significant communication from the studio.  It's dead, move on."
,Not Recommended,275850,25314363,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Tristan,"Many issues keep from enjoying the game, much more than keep from having regrets about it."
,Not Recommended,275850,25173504,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,OttoMoBiehl,"So much wasted potential.So much wasted goodwill.Was an interesting game that I tried to like. God I tried. But, unfortunately, to no avail.I would wait a long while to see what they end up patching this game with before I could recommend purchasing it.You've been warned."
76561198060151913,Not Recommended,275850,25221671,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,351 Moemoemaylin,"10 systems so far, not a single interesting creatures (Like big dinosaurs they advertised)Falsely AdvertisedConstantly FPS drops.Hope i get refund"
,Not Recommended,275850,25080034,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,bisquick,"All of the failed promises and poor design choices make me wonder why I wasted 60$ for a game that at the very most should be 30$. There were no problems from the game community who expected all of the features that were promised to us, it was the game developers and marketing team who over hyped this game in an unfinished state instead of being honest with its players.♥♥♥♥ hello games for wasting my time and money"
,Not Recommended,275850,25416855,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Shinsei Gaming,"You know, if you got sucked into the hype like me, you would be severely let down.If you just got this game knowing nothing about it at all and liked space and exploration, youd live the first like five hours. then it just gets super repetitive. Unfortunately, i cannot in good faith recommend this game unless it was like 5 dollars"
76561198015556884,Not Recommended,275850,25234029,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Arady,It was my stupidity to buy this game but I somehow hoped they will improve stability. After 35 minutes of playing game goes into a slow made and i have to relaunch the game to fix it then it started to crash... It should have been released as early access
,Not Recommended,275850,25063572,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,GadGamer,This game had the ability to be so much more but simply fell flat. The trailers and footage shown by Hello Games and Sean Murray look and play nothing like what we have here. Even as someone who has put hundreds of hours into games that some might consider boring or dull like Elite: Dangerous and Eve Online I cannot recommend buying this at full price. Maybe in a few months enough will be added to the game to make it a worth picking up but as it stands wait for this game to get heavily discounted on a steam sale.
,Not Recommended,275850,25070847,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,TheJeydonWalien,"Free DLC of all the features that were meant to be in the game PLUS more features in apology, and I'll give this a thumbs up.10/10 Review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTTPlqK8AnY"
76561198006718573,Not Recommended,275850,25075238,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Braveheart,"Honestly,  what a complete let down.  There is not a single thing this game did well that promised to live up the hype.  Just garbage.  I found elite ( like many others )   boring after 6 months.  Push it to a year.   This bored me in about 10 hours.... sad sad sad."
76561197990824434,Not Recommended,275850,25010706,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Oscar,"I did everything that was possible in this game to see if the critics were right... they were right.1. The game must be restarted every 30min because the fps drops lower than Skrillex bass.2. The planets are quie similar. What it means is the buildings and caves are all the same, 99/100 biomes are awful because the fauna is one of the most basic ai I ever seen (walk in circle) and the lands are ugly as hell.3. The game should have been called "" Inventory quest "" because the only thing you'll ever do is farming to have a bigger inventory.4. A lot of rooms are closed if you don't have an atlas pass v3 which you can get only through cheer luck ( a.k.a a lot of farming ).5. Did I mention redundancy ?6. The ending feels like a bad joke.On the other side, this game is really well written. Also, people got hyped over breadcrumbs and Hello Games is a studio comming from nowhere ( previous game was a Trials-like ) auto-financing themselves, so some things can be understandable ( I doesn't mean you should excuse everything)."
76561197970388532,Not Recommended,275850,25010651,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Dogbone_Oz,"Warning - some spoilers ahead.I had heaps of fun in the beginning, as the game starts out very promising; there is seemingly tons of things to look at and while you're doing the initial ""get better gear"" stuff it's pretty fun and visually pleasing.However..after a relatively short while, you start seeing a lot of repetitiveness.  Even though everything is procedurally generated, you begin to see a lot of very obvious patterns in the content, AI interactions and environment. It feels like the same few ideas and designs are just rehashed over and over. Tasks given to you become more like a chore than anything else.- The storyline is virtually non-existent, vague and pretty lacklustre (explore the galaxy at random, follow Atlas' path, or go to centre of galaxy)- NPC AI is extremely basic; same 3 races of aliens saying the same things over and over ad nauseam.- Spaceports are all identical inside and feel very basic, empty and barren.- Planets get very tedious after you've seen 10-15 of them.  The 4 different planet hazards (cold, hot, radioactive or toxic) have essentially identical effects, bar the name.- Most (if not all) planets have the same resources, so you can find pretty much all the basics you need on any planet.All in all, was fun for the first 20 hours, then really starts to feel shallow and unfinished.  I never followed the hype (literally discovered this game's existence about 6 weeks before launch) but feel that, given the little content currently present, it's definitely not worth spending $60 on.As a final note, the game is also very poorly optimised and ridden with really bad bugs, such as savegames not working, stuttering GFX, random FPS loss, CTDs etc.  The patching so far fixes one thing but seemingly breaks something else.  In essence, this game feels unfinished; great idea, great framework, but just not fleshed out."
,Not Recommended,275850,26513702,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Swiggity Swooty,I can't believe I got hyped for this and wasted $60.  What a shame.
,Not Recommended,275850,25071480,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Dank Hill,"This game is build on lies... i feel violated because i played more than 2 hours hoping that the game would get better. unfortunatly it didnt and now i am stuck with a 60 euro game that should have costed no more than 20 euro... GG Hello games. and sean murry a big middlefinger to you :-)))) sincerly yours ""average player"""
76561198072908324,Not Recommended,275850,25222280,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Cletus Kasady,What a rip off.
76561198116181043,Not Recommended,275850,25062696,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Cody Cigar,"The game gets repetitive real fast. Don't waste $60 on this game, if you really want to play wait for it to go on sale."
76561198069488538,Not Recommended,275850,25062772,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,kelsobluebane,"Around 2003 I bought and played a game called Freelancer and ever since I've been looking for something similar but better. NMS is like a basic version of Freelancer with all the fun stuff missing.Not enough content to warrent the price, seems some future DLC might have to be paid for, which in itself wouldn't be a problem if the £40 had actually delivered significantly more of the features promised in the trailers.The coming weeks and months will be intresting to see if enough content can be added to bulk the game out, I really hope so because I blew my limited budget on this so I'm stuck with it.If I was to give it a score probably 5/10 with the potential to go higher but that could take a while."
,Not Recommended,275850,25121964,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Iron Pangolin,"I can't recommend this game in it's current state. It's like playing around in an infinite sandbox but you can't interact or do anything with that sandbox except look at it and move on.I really gave this game a chance and I wanted it to be good. I learned a lesson I should have learned a long time ago, don't pre order games."
76561198060080875,Not Recommended,275850,25123972,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,steranko75,"I really hate to dogpile on here, but this game has got to be the biggest let down of my recent game playing experience.  Yes, it is huge and does mostly what is advertised.  The problem is that it becomes pretty repetitive and frustratingly awkward at times.  I now know before I land at a site what I will likely encounter - no surprises any more.  The sameness of the experiences is a major let down.  Waiting for the slow panning of the camera and slow text boxes to appear to slowly tell me what I have already figured out using context clues becomes maddening.  This game really is a mining simulator.  The only driving force in the game is to mine resources to fuel your equipment to allow you to...mine resources.  Learning the language doesn't seem to matter, as each encounter is very similar and you can figure out what needs done without any language.  Different ships do not behave differently, only look different and hold more/less than what your other ship did.  At least if I could use my resources to make some paint and fix the ugly color scheme of my ship, that would be something to look forward to.  This feels too much like reporting for work, and not enough fun or true sense of adventure.  For example, every planet is already named and has outposts on it - why bother making it seem like I'm a star bound explorer finding things first?  They obviously have already been found and settled at some point.  While my planets have been very different (on the suface) from each other, spending a bit of time on them reveals the truth - they are all basically the same experience, just colored differently and making you mine different resources to stay alive so you can keep mining resources.  At least if the gravity were different, it would make it kind of fun.  If some big, new, free gameplay enhancements don't arrive for this game, stay away.  I truly wanted to love it, but am now bored and frustrated that I spent so much money on the preorderEdit - I continue to play this game for some reason - perhaps that is the underlying secret of NMS?  I was just sure if I explored a little more I would find someting amazing or wonderous, but haven't yet.  I have walked all over this damn planet looking for the last missing species to identify and cannot locate it, and I need antimatter because I traded my ship for a busted ship for something fun to do, and now I can't warp to a new system.  Sigh."
,Not Recommended,275850,25129198,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Stvn Stivs,"Do not buy, this game is an empty box with no sand and no tools to play with."
,Not Recommended,275850,25129213,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Don,Game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ do not buy
76561198006896097,Not Recommended,275850,25871232,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Lord 寝見,HORRIBLE LIE.
,Not Recommended,275850,26493414,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Easelm,"So here I am rewriting my review entirely. I didn't want to believe it at first, but I came to my senses afterwards. It is sad to say that everything said about this game was actually true. For someone who waited years for No Man's Sky to finally release, it is a huge disappointment & let-down. The developers falsely advertised the game, even using CGI screenshots on their store page. Hopefully other game developers will learn from these mistakes and I hope the new Steam policy will help.No Man's Sky has around 20 hours or less via gameplay - given you don't really stay in planets often or explore. Apparently reaching the center of the universe doesn't take long and it restarts the game after you have reached it. I'm not the one to be very salty, but the game wasn't thought through very well in terms of gameplay. Graphics are decent but could be a bit better. All planets are basically the same if you look at them - there might be a few different type of plants, AI, etc here and there, but ultimately nothing is super different.You spend most of your time grinding for a better ship and upgrades for yourself and your ship. That time spent grinding is basically the entirety of No Man's Sky. Combat is basic - that goes for space combat as well. You're better off selling valuable items you loot from plants on planets, basically being a trader first.There's quite a lot of micromanaging as well. If you're not recharging your life support or weapon, you're recharging all of your ship's needs. You spend most of your ingame time recharging everything. It wouldn't be so bad if plutonium wasn't so scarce on most planets. I found that plutonium is best found on moons.Survivability shouldn't exist since the resource you need to recharge your life support is everywhere. The only thing you have to worry about is your health whilst fighting with AI or storms.NPCs seem to be simple and a rinse & repeat on most stars you travel to. You have to discover new words of their language to understand what they are trying to tell you, most of the time you have to guess until you discover more words of that language.I wish I could find the enjoyment in NMS, but I can't. All the hype was for nothing. Hope you had a nice time reading this review! Below is an overall.OverallNo Man's Sky was nothing but a huge hype game and falsely advertised. Big disappointment but what can you do? Less than 20 hours of gameplay in it with major annoyances and rinse & repeat gameplay (grinding), no wonder this game became so negative. No Man's Sky isn't worth $59, it feels like a $9 game. If you want a better game that is worth its asking price, go play Star Citizen, Space Engineers & other similar/better titles out there.Rating:2/10. I'm avoiding Hello Games in the future."
76561198189360231,Recommended,275850,34211945,Posted: 13 August,all,EddyWhite,Game has improved since release. I am glad to see all these new updates.
,Not Recommended,275850,25162574,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,ltpnoob,"I have been watching this game for over a year, even if all they had was going planet to planet visiting and exploring I would have been happy. I built the hyperdrive and all it does it get me stuck in a loop... so I have to force close and relaunch...where I am saved right before I hop into hyperdrive..getting stuck in a loop... 5 hours on record.... 4 hours are me starting at my ship flying through hyperspace... another alpha game sold at 60."
76561198305388165,Not Recommended,275850,25582898,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,TheUSderp,"This game is a total Rip off, do not buy. It may look pretty and be hyped up for. But there is nothing to do in it and the ending just resets you. A total waste of money, now that I cant get a refund."
,Not Recommended,275850,25861997,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Allen,Worth $10 at most.
,Not Recommended,275850,26610518,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,BootinBootin,not what it was advertised as
76561198087818431,Not Recommended,275850,25784195,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Napoelon Bonaparte,"Everybody tag this game as ""Lie"" and it will come up on the popular tags!"
,Not Recommended,275850,24859939,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Lurkios,"After repeatedly going back on their word to us PC folks in order to pander to Sony the console crowd... Hello Games has released a nigh unplayable port.Aside from the godawful performance... constant frame skips, jitters and input lag - the menus are nonsensical and poorly laid out for PC, clearly designed for a controller with zero thought or effort put into a mouse/keyboard combination... even to the point of having to hold options down for several moments to have them actually register.Interesting as well that, whether plagued by fire storms, acid rain, temperatures several orders of magnitude below freezing... every single planet is solid (no gas planets or moons) and habitated by a few dozen different species, fauna and near identicle distributions of resources.No Man's Sky is an interesting tech demo marketed as a game.EDIT: After some playtime, it's also become obvious that much of the promised content simply isn't present in the game. The short list:planetary physicsship classes with meaningful differentiationfaction reputation with meaningful gameplay impacthomogenous resource availabilityasteroid landingsspace station and fleet destructionlarge fleetstraveling freighterslarge scale battles the player can joinin-atmosphere battlesNPCs outside trading posts and other docksringed planetssand planetsflying between stars (as opposed to warping via the Galactic interface)complex creature behaviour including environmental interactionriverspoints of interest such as large structures and crashed freightershacking locked doorsradio chatterinteraction with other playersEDIT 2: Hello Game's employee's are scum. Every last one of them should be in jail.EDIT 3: As of 3/27/17, the ""game"" is still a tech demo - and not a very good one."
76561198070737993,Not Recommended,275850,25073396,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Antifa-ct,"25 hours played yet it feels like I've 'completed' this game 100x over already.Depthless, repetetive, completely uninspired, boring,A RIP OFF!!!"
76561198052210469,Not Recommended,275850,25094232,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,ManuJM,"It's a shame. It's disgraceful. It could have been a good game; in fact, it's not so bad game to not recommend it with no doubts. What we players can't and musn't accept are all the lies and the false information that the developers have told for all this time.The universe is huge, the planets are huge, we can categorize new animals, species, give name to planets and systems... we can travel through the stars, fight versus anothers ships and robots on the planet surfaces as well. On the other hand, it's true that the combat system is TOTALLY arcade, the ship level of detail is NOTHING (Elite Dangerous is the best game in the world if we just compare ship designs and interiors) and the planets are mostly empty, at the same time that the AI of aliens, another ships and animals feels so stupid and broken.Even noticing these aspects, it would be a good game with that lack of perfection if the price was no higher than 20€; like a typical early access title, because this game feels exactly like that, a pure early access of what a very good game could be in the future.But are not these contents what make this game a completely shame for this industry and for us as players. What we can't forgive and of course we can't forget are all the lies, false information and FAKE MARKETING that the people from Hello Games have been spreading for all this time since the game was announced. We were told that we could join factions, taking part in faction wars and helping our allies; we were told that we could hack doors and get access to special places; we were told that we COULD PLAY WITH FRIENDS, and that the reason for not meeting with another players is that the map is so big that probabilities to find another players are almost inexistent. FALSE. TOTALLY FALSE.It doesn't matter if the game gets better through updates, even adding all that content that they CLAIMED that would be in the game. We all have been cheated, and my sincere congratulations to the gamers that have been smart and have decided to not buy this game until several reviews are made to be sure that this is not the biggest game fail of the year, because it's in fact THE FAIL of the industry in this year.And to not look like a hater, I admit that the game can be interesting and enjoyful for players who like crafting and exploring, but even for that players it's necessary and fair to admit that we are paying 60€ for an early access of a broken and an unfinished game.This game will not be remembered as a boring, broken or even as a very expensive game. It will be remembered as a game from one of the biggest liars development time in this industry, with nothing to envy of Ubisoft, and this is not possible to change even with millions of patches and updates.Disgraceful, Hello Games. Disfraceful."
,Not Recommended,275850,24992814,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Arca,"I like the game, fun to chill and play when I'm not in the mood for other games.Disliking it for all the missing features and (hate to use that term) lies.For all the missing features and lies, you can check this thread:https://www.reddit.com/r/NoMansSkyTheGame/comments/4y4i3a/wheres_the_nms_we_were_sold_on_front_page/"
76561198065260286,Not Recommended,275850,25215241,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Papa Franku,The game starts off fun and exciting but quickly turns into a painful repetitve grind with no sense of accomplishment. As of right now I would not recommend this game to any of my friends.
,Not Recommended,275850,24995666,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Global,"I tempered my excitement and made sure not to give into the hype, but this game is missing so many things that were promised nonchalantly by developers. Back to reiterate, never EVER pre-order"
,Not Recommended,275850,24985165,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Pifen,"This game is hugely dissapointing. I can see how a trailer can be used to hype a game up but the unbelievable lack of content in this game compared to the trailer being used to advertise this game is a giant lie to anyone considering buying this. I've logged many hours trying to see if anything from the trailer actually did make it to the game, like faction warfare or the huge and diverse creatures and sadly have seen none of the above. Do not buy this game at all. You will save $60 for a much better game. Barren planets and boring gameplay after 30 warps and many planets discovered."
,Not Recommended,275850,25217323,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,oudave19,"Don't waste your money on this game. You'll spend the first 2 hours trying to get it to run smoothly without crashes. By then it is too late to return it. Then you feel obligated to get your money's worth, so you go through the same mediocre experience over and over and over. The only story lines it has, following the Atlas or going to the center of the galaxy, are incredibly disappointing. Seriously, go play something else."
76561198047541553,Not Recommended,275850,25211487,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,mysimpletoon,Horrible garbage. DO NOT BUY.
76561198104335418,Not Recommended,275850,25140675,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,copper862,Just domt
76561198013604971,Not Recommended,275850,25161146,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Trinkets,"I'm not going to talk about the misleading marketing and missing features as everyone else already has ad nauseum. I have hope that Hello Games will patch some of the missing features into the game, but who knows. I played the game for 45 hours because I never expected them to nail a near 100% procedural game in one try, and fully expected there to be missing features.Instead I'm going to talk about the easily avoidable poor game design and UI choices that largely contributed to this being an unbearable experience for so many people. These issues make it seem like Hello Games did absolutely nothing to ensure they were using generally good game design practices, and instead only focused on technical aspects of the game. If these things were executed better, the game wouldn't have received such negative feedback, and the sad part is executing these better wasn't a matter of development time, it was a matter of simply making different balancing or UI choices.You have to click and hold for at least 500 milliseconds and any UI element in the game.The UI for the inventory system is clunky. It's an integral part of gameplay, including combat, and yet they still made it slow and difficult to use. There are no shortcuts to open straight to your gun's inventory or your ship's or yours, it just opens to the last one of the 3 that you had open. Then you have to long press with the mouse or press A or D to cycle to the inventory you want. There's an animation when this occurs which further slows things down. Navigating this is required to refuel shields and ammo in combat...Refueling things relies on you dragging items around in your inventory and has to occur extremely often.... what kind of game designer would ever think this was a good idea?? Almost ANYTHING would have been better than this. Pressing a key to reload, or even having items automatically feed from specific slots in your inventory would have been better.You can never improve the rate at which your modules consume fuel.  There are no efficiency upgrades, so you're stuck harvesting fuel at the same rate in the beginning of the game as you are 60 hours later.Sentinels have some simple implementation flaws that make them a nearly worthless addition to the game.  They don't get harder as you get stronger, and even at the very beginning of the game they're not hard. You don't have to run away if a sentinel attacks you, or even two.  As soon as I got a few minor upgrades for my weapon, the sentinels never played a role in my game again except for being harvested for their titanium. On hostile sentinel planets I was never in danger.The ""wanted level"" has simple implementation flaws that make it a worthless addition to the game. It doesn't seem to consistently increase when you commit more crimes. I personally never even managed to max it out despite trying, and that's not because I would die, that's because I simply couldn't seem to commit great enough crimes. I would even steal rare items off hostile sentinel planets and slowly kill the sentinels that spawned, giving them time to call for backup. The wanted level at 4 stars is almost no more dangerous than the wanted level at 1 star once you have a few basic gun upgrades. Maintaining a consistent wanted level also doesn't seem to keep a constant flow of sentinels coming. They don't seem capable of repeatedly calling reinforcements.Talking to NPCs has slow animations that make it feel extremely tedious to do. It completely goes against the grain of the free play style they tried to implement, and it feels jarring to not be able to be locked in place waiting for UI animations to complete. You should just be able to run away from a conversation without having to press the close button, and it shouldn't take a whole 3 seconds to get to useful interaction.Flying your ship low on planets is impossible, yet is important enough that 60 hours later I still find myself trying to do it. Not only is it impossible, but the mechanic they implemented to stop you from flying low also makes controlling your ship harder even if you stay at the altitude they deemed acceptable.Pacing of the game is extremely rough. If you're a player who likes to explore planets and find all (or most) of the animals, which you would think is something Hello Games would LOVE for you to do, you're going to be punished by the fact that you'll run out of new RPG content after your first 5 planets, but will still have to visit dozens or hundreds more in order to get to the center of the galaxy. It seems like they only intended for players to shoot straight towards the center/atlas as fast as they possibly could, but did nothing to encourage that play style.The game presents you, albeit in a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥manner, with goals such as getting to the center of the universe or completing the Atlas questline, (Spoiler:)but there is no benefit to achieving either of these goals. Your gameplay will not change in a meaningful way, and you will feel cheated. You have to work pretty hard to get to the center, and you also have to make things a lot harder for yourself to hold onto all 10 atlas orbs, but you get nothing for doing either of these things. An example of a better game design choice would have been to grant you the ability to return to any planet you've been to as a reward for completing Atlas, and to allow you to travel freely between galaxies once you've reached the center. Alternatively, they could have given you a special ability to warp back to one system from wherever you are and also return to where you warped from - this would give you a home base of sorts and allow you to collect ships and actually ENJOY the things you've named.Navigation is virtually impossible and the UX of the map is atrocious. You can either randomly wander around with no concept of direction, or you can head towards the center, that is it. You can't revisit cool planets you liked, you can't get a concept of where you are in the galaxy, the map is worthless. Warping might as well just automatically take you to a random planet closer to the center of the galaxy, because that's how useless the navigation system is. Additionally the UX in the map is awful. There's no way to zoom out and get a pretty view of the galaxy with your location marked, it's hard to see the paths the game is recommending, and its even harder to actually utilize those paths. Systems you visited aren't marked, there's no ""show my path"" feature or anything.While ships and NPCs are procedurally generated, this seems to be per-system, and there is no real variety unless you continuously move through systems fairly quickly. You find this out if you ever stand in a space station for more than 10 minutes watching the ships come and go. You can literally have 4 identical NPCs in identical ships with identical buying/selling options in station at the same time.  An hour later, these same clones are still coming and going. Each system seems to get maybe 8 randomly rolled ships (and NPC pilots for those ships) that are locked in as long as you stay in that system. This locking of the ships/npcs even includes a locking of what that npc will buy/sell. This was one of the biggest letdowns in the game, and should have been very easy to avoid. They would have been better off with 100% random rolling of ships right before they are spawned than whatever weird system they used.Intra-system travel times are pretty bad and can never be improved. I'm fine with the speeds you move at at the beginning of the game, but after upgrading your ship dozens of times you should be able to move faster than a new player while pulse jumping between planets and space stations...Trading options at the station do not change as trade ships come and go. The NPCS that land appear to literally just land and then fly away."
76561197976867782,Not Recommended,275850,25072480,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Clayton,♥♥♥♥ this game.
76561198052595500,Not Recommended,275850,25082992,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,(Player Not Found),A MONEY GRAB FULL OF LIES DISGUISED AS A GAME
,Not Recommended,275850,24995711,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Innerxen,"TL:DR It's not worth the 60 dollar price tag it has right now.I wanted to like this game, I really did, but so much is missing. I know a lot of those videos weren't of the final product, but how could -that much- be scrapped from the game without a single word to the fans? It's ridiculous. I tried to give the game a fair chance, but in doing so I feel like a screwed myself out of my 60 bucks..There's an entire reddit post on all the things that they promised or were quoted to be in the game, and weren't.https://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/4y1h9i/wheres_the_no_mans_sky_we_were_sold_on_a_big_list/You don't even need the list to see the missing content, looking at the trailers is enough. You can watch and say 'But I can't do that' or 'That's not how it works in the actual game'.I can only hope they patch and add much -much- more to the game."
76561198018412535,Not Recommended,275850,24989399,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,BigCara,"Only played for a few hours but have already requested and got a refund. The first planet was amazing, 2nd planet was pretty amazing but strangly similar to the first but it was yellow, and the 3rd planet was very similar to the other 2 but a differnt color and a bit colder. The game play even at this early stage appeared to lack any direction and was incredibly repetitive.While the concept of tons and tons of planets seems cool in reality it is just cut the mustard without there being some other substance to the game.Hugely disappointed""Don't believe the hype"" Public Enemy"
,Not Recommended,275850,25171095,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Ham Goblin,"I really tried to be forgiving. I ignored all the hate when the game first launched, and even forgived the devs for making the game impossible to run on one of the most common AMD CPU series for its first week, but I just can't stand behind this game anymore. I personally enjoy it for what it is, but it is cripplingly depressing how far short it fell of what it could have been.It might be worth $30 with an Early Access launch, but honestly, Hello Games deserves no amount of your money simply for the blatant lies told about this game. Even the trailer used in the store page is filled with conceptual footage, featuring countless things not actually in the game. They really ♥♥♥♥ed this one up, and even though I enjoyed it, I should have pirated it and kept my $60 out of their lying criminal hands."
,Not Recommended,275850,25275952,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Noodles,Developers lied about the game. The stuff in the trailers is fake. This game is as big as our universe (bigger actually) but as thrilling and deep as a puddle.
,Not Recommended,275850,25245900,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,[DFT] TheSt1ng,"Its Disgraceful that any sort of consumer protection didnt stop this LIE from going to full release.Pros:-If you enjoy grinding this is ur heaven (more on this later)-Amazing sound design and colour palet for planets-auto aim in space combat definately helps to fix the STUPID flight controlsCONS:-your grinding is for nothing once you have all slots available on exo, ship and multi-tool-You're slow as hell on the ground-STUPID INTERFACE hold E to do anything, may work on ps4, annoying as♥♥♥♥♥on PC-Combat flight controls are aids-LIED FEATURES-Next to zero dev acknowledgement of their faliures"
,Not Recommended,275850,25281401,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,"lol, u died",Shut up and give me my money.
76561198059846933,Not Recommended,275850,25085736,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,SethM,"You know. I waited almost three years for this game to come out. Super excited about everything that was promised. Ends up being ""No man's lie"" instead of ""sky"". If you enjoy a mediocer survival game that constantly blares out alerts to everything, a super crappy inventory system and a really lame a.s.s. ending. This is the game for you. Not to mention. You can't even name your freaking ship. So, you're stuck in a ship with (insert what a kid with down-syndrome would say in swahili) S52. Oh yeah, the ending is you getting to the center. Right? Then! Wait for it..... It shoots you off to another galaxy, all before zooming out and playing this abnoxious AHHAHAHHHHH (not a scream, this is my best singing in text form.). Yeah, so it's not about the destination but the bleblahboo jounrney. Muhuehue. Thank's for the $60 dollary pre-alpha Sean Murry. I will make absolutley sure in the future to not buy anything that has his name in it. I don't give a crap if they have him in the middle as ""guy that scrubs the toilets"" and the game actually lives up to the hype. I will not buy it."
,Not Recommended,275850,25837279,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Sciurus niger,"This game is so falsely advertised, even the game trailer is not even a gameplay from the game."
,Not Recommended,275850,25063609,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,evildagmar,"Despite all the work that has been done, this game is *still* incredibly buggy, frequently nonsensical, and basically... not worth the money they're asking.  If anything, the new features have included more bugs and made gameplay even more frustrating.How is it ""fun"" to have to collect vocabulary words in order to understand what aliens are saying, or to solve their riddles, when there are literally hundreds of these and no way to collect more than three or four an hour?Flight is ridiuculously oversimplied.  Physics are relatively meaningless.  The ""storyline"", such that it is, will simply make you angry if you actually follow it for more than the few hours it takes to uncover the extent of it."
,Not Recommended,275850,25184166,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Zaitsev,"Devs promised features and didn't deliver. Completely unacceptable and dishonest, yet somehow it made it to steam and sold a ton of copies.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. DO NOT BUY ANY GAMES FROM THIS COMPANY!"
76561198072385989,Not Recommended,275850,25118105,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,XenoDeki,"I don't know why I bought this game but for anyone planning to buy this for me, it isn't worth buying to be honest despite the fact I like gathering/collecting games in general. Very minimal content and redundant gameplay. Better stick to Rust/ARKS/Minecraft/7 Days to Die for better game experience and value for money. This game is mainly for those who like the space exploration/sci-fi element but if you're looking for something other than what I said above, then look for another game.#NoMansBuy #NoMansRefund"
76561198052388365,Not Recommended,275850,25234000,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Obitus Nex,"AVOID!!!This game fails in every aspect to deliver what was promised to players. From the lengthy loading to the repetitive game play, NOTHING in this game is as it was advertised. It feels like a bad port from a console as far as controls, inventory, etc. There is no option for hotkeys, therefore if you are in the middle of a fight, you have to press Tab, navigate to your shields, hold down the left mouse button, wait a moment for another screen to pop up so that they can be recharged, all the while getting shot to hell by whatever it is that decided you were a threat. This holds true for the entirety of the game.DLC was announced to be free of charge and included in the purchase of the game. The devs have now backtracked on this,more than likely so that they can charge people again for the content that was left out from the beginning! I could go on, but I am certain that this dead horse has been pummeled into oblivion. This is an ALPHA release that they charged us full price for. Shame on you, Hello Games!"
,Not Recommended,275850,25242033,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Dahaka,"This game crashes like every half an hour, and it runs like a snail"
76561198072320048,Not Recommended,275850,25242057,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,OzzyLee,False Advertising.
76561198074581073,Not Recommended,275850,25483767,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,permadank,"Such massive potential, only equalled by even MORE massive disapointment.:("
76561198045217227,Not Recommended,275850,25087345,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,scalvaia,"Simply put this game is FAR FAR FAR short of what was expected or advertised.Wheres the meat in the meat pie?once you got the basic acheiveables full inventory slots on self , ship and tool whats the aim / goalapart from trying to be a space pirate and attack freighters gameplay is done.Running is painful without MOD , no base building, no storage lockers, no real aliens to interact with space station run by 1 alien get real dudes,no alien cities, crappy flying models cant see stuff on ground properly when flying over it, distance draw for asteroids and planets is annoying at best.There a be a hole in this bucket dear liza a HOLE!! and my money got sucked into it and right into the devs sports cars and boats cos they certainly didn't spend it on the game.my first review ever and pretty much if i could go back knowing the game like it is i would save my money and play another game."
,Not Recommended,275850,25087377,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,JakersGamers,"I'm not reccomending this game, I never write reviews and feel it's important to do so. All the information surriounding this game has been misleading, and while at first the game is fun, new and fresh it quickly turns into a tedious grind to update your suit and ship. Beyond this it turns into a 6 hour UI clicking map simulator, as you hit M to open the map, click a star, watch a glowy animation, and pop out at a new star, rinse and repeat... for 6 hours (and that's without refuling).Just, do yourselfe a favour and don't be fooled into getting it."
,Not Recommended,275850,25080163,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Atomic Detective,"Guys! Have I got a game for you!In this glorfied minecraft lacking clone you get- Inventory Management- Inventory Managemnet on planets with diferent colors.......oooooooooooo!- Inventory Management in space....ahhhhhhhhhhhh!- The same amount of thought put into a dennys kids crossword puzzle- UI Design done by someone fired from Bungie- Game mechanics that were made by somone slapping a keyboard with copy of NMSWhat a steaming pile of trash, I mean did you guys even play your own game?I'm gonna call it now so when it happends no one will be suprised.Everything that was supposed to be in the game/ said to be in the game, has been cut for DLC (Destiny Style)GREAT WORK GENTLEMEN! GRADE A STUFF ;)"
76561198088579320,Not Recommended,275850,25200295,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,boxman,"I do not recommend buying this game unless you fancy paying AAA price for a product that completely fails to deliver on many of the features promised, leaving basically a shell of a game that is more of a tech demo. On top of that it has for many people serious performance and/or stability issues.This is the first game that for me has made me felt like a victim of a scam due to the continual dishonesty of the studio and main developer behind this game."
76561198026338505,Not Recommended,275850,25208899,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Skillator,"Get ready to repeat the same thing over and over without any purpose other than getting a new ship. This game, despite looking nice sometimes offers you lots of planets with basically the same stuff in them for you to suck up with a vacuum cleaner and sell for credits. And you can learn languages one.word.at.a.time.So why a thumbs down?1. The end just sends you to the beginning minus your stuff.2. Your only real goal is to make a ship with more space to hold stuff you sell to get a bigger ship.3. There are no species to interact with4. All the cool game stuff they said was in the game is not in the game"
,Not Recommended,275850,25189235,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Lenovo Customer Service,"I continued playing because I hoped that I would grow to love this game. After going back and looking at the numerous screenshots and videos, I finally realized what was wrong, I was playing a hollow shell of a game that I had put all my hopes and dreams into.The marketing of this game shows the discrepancy between what was once promised, and what the final product was.It pains me to give this game this recommendation, but I feel that is necessary for the deceiving nature of the developers regarding this gameGet it on sale"
76561198067771965,Not Recommended,275850,25200323,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Lil' Kim,"Terribly dissapointed. Spent the first 8 hours trying to find all of the cool features the developers mentioned in interviews only to be dissapointed to find that almost none of them are present in the actual game. If you're interested in it based purely on what has been said by Shaun Murray in interveiws he's been in, or even E3 coverage, don't buy this product. If the videos on the product page looked interesting to you, don't buy this product as most of said videos show content which doesn't even exist in the game itself. Nothing but lies and greed to be found here."
76561198018157189,Not Recommended,275850,25174220,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Gas Head,"After 17 hours of playtime, I have done everything there is to do in a procedual generated universe."
,Not Recommended,275850,25313166,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,NytroShark,One mans lie made no mans sky.
76561198060591491,Not Recommended,275850,25068542,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,p1smo,"I won't waste time trying to explain what many others before me have said better than I ever could so I'll be blunt: Don't buy this game. I've been on Steam for years and this is the first review I've ever felt compelled to leave out of genuine frustration at wasting $60 on this hollow shell of a game, and this is coming from someone that didn't pay any attention to the NMS hype and came into this game with zero expectations. To say the least I feel ripped off. I won't support Hello Games or anything Sean Murray is associated with again."
,Not Recommended,275850,25179122,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Korvacs,"Cannot recommend the game with it's current price tag, there simply isn't the content to justify it. The fact that this store page actively falsely advertises this product is appauling, half of the content shown in the screenshots and videos simply does not exist in the game.I'm currently persuing a 50% refund (on the grounds of false advertising) to get the price down to what would be deemed an acceptable selling point for what the game actually is, a vast open world resource collecting/consuming simulator set in space. You need not leave the first planet to experience 95% of what the game has to offer, do not bother."
,Not Recommended,275850,25124006,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,D3m0nlk,"Avoid this game at all costs.  Its not worth the $60.  I can go on a long rant about this horrible game and about how the devs lied to the player base.  Instead Im gonna give you guys a link.  This guy explains so much.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTTPlqK8AnYBottom line, **** this game."
,Not Recommended,275850,25166008,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Psychotron,"99 hours in and there's nothing worthwhile left to do. In fact, the last 50 hours have been mind-numbingly repetitive and boring. The monotony put me to sleep on more than one occasion which, usually caused me to fly or walk past my intended destination.Within the first 50 hours of this game I had a maxed out ship (48 slots), maxed out exosuit (48 slots) and maxed out multitool (24 slots). Each of them have ALL the upgrades aside from the 1 blueprint that appears to be glitched as I have found it numerous times--most recently to the dialog, ""Already Known"" yet, it refuses to appear in my blueprint list.The later 50 hours I put into this game were spent flying to numerous planets, learning all 3 alien languages (in hopes there might be some cool lore--I was very disappointed) and shooting frigates because I was bored and why not right?There may be 18 quintillion planets in this game but, most of them look the same and the animals you find recycle the same assets over and over. I've found at least 20 animals with the same damn seal face. In fact, I am so sick of seeing that seal face that I punch any animal that has it.Maybe Hello Games will get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together and give us some substantive patches but, I doubt it. I imagine that most future patches will be superficial in nature and will do nothing to add depth to this boring/bland game.***UPDATE 11/24/16NMS is still the biggest disappointment of 2016."
,Not Recommended,275850,25582116,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Lemon65,Such a bad game....
76561197966913333,Not Recommended,275850,25510165,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Midnight Potato,"A real shame; NMS had (has?) the potential to be pretty groundbreaking, but that potential is sadly not lived up to. The game is phenomenally deep in some respects (chiefly the sheer size of the universe) and then just as shallow in others. When one has played a sandbox game like Eve Online and is presented with the similarly sci-fi No Man's Sky, it feels incredibly limiting.Thank you to Steam for accepting my refund request."
76561197979938377,Not Recommended,275850,25509664,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,MoistNips,"It couldn't be any more true.  Once you've played an hour, you've experienced the entire game.  The main measure of the games progression is in weapon/ship/suit inventory slots.  I feel the whole ""traveling to the center of the universe"" is a very small part.  You spend most of your time farming, running out of inventory space/resources (by design) and having short dialogs that repeat over and over again throughout the game.  They've designed this game so that you need resources to breath, fly, shoot, be outside, etc, etc, etc, SIMPLY because, without that, there wouldn't be enough to do.  I truly feel that a moment spent in this game is a complete waste of my time.There is no leveling up and you don't even have to leave the first planet to max out on inventory slots.  In my humble opinion, the game design will turn off most of it's players.  Even the ones that give positive reviews are either too new to the game or just straight up liars.I wish I could get a refund from Steam but unfortunately I spent too much time trying to prove to myself that there must be something more to this game."
,Not Recommended,275850,25070022,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Denamian,"It's Space Mining and Inventory Management Simulator 2016 in it's current state. A mediocre console port with a clunky UI, lousy flight controls and very shallow gameplay.It's an early access game being sold as a finished product. It could be good in a year or two with a lot of work."
,Not Recommended,275850,25365794,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Basshead,Most disappointing game I have played in a very long time. Would not recommend.
,Not Recommended,275850,25366667,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,TWENU,"This is my honest review.Don't get it until they patch it with all the missing features which was promised.So you might have to wait forever or just until someone makes another game which is a ton better.The concept of the game however is amazing, and that was the thing i was looking forward to.But still it manages to get me bored.18 quintillion stars and i am bored?There is such a lack of everything.It's like it's just an alpha still....The lack of something to keep you going and keep your interest in the game is nowhere to find after 10 or so hours, and don't get me started on the ships, or the resources for that matter.Oh and the way they did multiple galaxy's is just stupid.i'm just..... disappointed....."
,Recommended,275850,34220684,Posted: 13 August,all,Ostheim,"I guess my opinion on this game is different because I didn't get caught up in all the hype and I wasn't one who pre-ordered etc. I bought this game on sale after the 1.2 patch came out - leery of my purchase after all of the drama, of course, but it seemed like they were dedicated to improving the game so I gave it a chance. It was neat, and a fun way to relax and do some space exploration but it was lacking in many ways. Overall I wasn't dissapointed - it would be a fun game to pick up once in a while. But WOW with the latest 1.3 patch this game is a totally different experience. So many improvements to every single aspect. The menus (WOW A WORKING, USEFUL, FULL OF DATA GALAXY MAP), UI, graphics, gameplay, economy, combat - everything.This is such a vast improvement and only makes me wish that Hello Games was able to take their time and finish the game properly the way they wanted to. This proves they are capable of making a good game and, more importantly, WANT to make a good game.If you like this kind of game and have been on the fence, now is the time to give it a chance, totally worth it especially on sale."
76561198083357873,Not Recommended,275850,25015561,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,melano,Big world small reward.Highly bugged and frustrating.
,Not Recommended,275850,25050525,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Wicstar,"This game is nothing like the videos. Do not expect to be able to fly how you desire, the minimum height is dictated for you.No portals anywhere. Their gameplay footage is actually just a scripted video. Extremelly deceiving!A company shouldn't be allowed to sell their product on fake gameplay footage."
,Not Recommended,275850,25087448,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Toadfish Rebecchi,"After foregoing my better judgement and becoming caught up in the hype, I was so ecstatic when No Man's Sky was released. Luckily, I had no start up issues and played straight away. I was always in a constant state of suspense like ""I bet an insane, mind-boggling moment is just about to happen""...but unfortunately they just don't. Ever.No Man's Sky kind of sucks but it is important, as it lays a base-plate/model concept for games to build on and actually deliver what wasn't promised, but what was implied (SUCH AS STAR CITIZEN CHECK IT OUT). Sean Murray, although he's been pointed out to be contradictory, fooled us all. I look back retrospectively through all the YouTube videos and IGN coverage and it all makes sense. He showed us what was in the game, and our minds ran wild with the 'coulds'...unfortunately, he made no effort to correct speculation, or quell unwarranted hype because it was free marketing for Hello Games.If you were Sean Murray (a deceptive dawg), and you were making a game and suddenly it was the most hyped game of the last 5 years and you knew you were about to be made filthy, filthy rich. Would you tell people ""Don't get carried away!"" or would you just let it simmer and people be disappointed.I feel and think we would all want to make the right choice, but many of us would be corrupted. However, in saying that, he must wear sole responsibility for this collosal FU.Hope you rot, Sean.Toadie from Neighbours."
76561198016761464,Not Recommended,275850,25171099,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,rpg maker lunarslayer,"its alright, nothing amazing, nothing horrible. waste of money but ive wasted more money on worse games"
76561198044734636,Not Recommended,275850,25192949,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,TheRageOfAfrica,"I was beyond hyped for this game and i beyond let down. It pulls you in with kickass first 2 hours and promises of that level of excitement for the entire game, but does not come close to delivering."
,Not Recommended,275850,25092311,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Tendertail (Synge),"In short...Well im Sueing Hello Games/Sony so....theirs that.This game is a 20 dollar early access steam title. I feel bad for the people playing on ps4. Apperently it does not even run for them. Then again...maybe they are the lucky ones.This game is snake oil. Is it impossible to enjoy. Oh no. You can for sure have fun in No Man's Sky. In fact. No Man's Sky seems to be built.....around being fun at the start....but one hour in...you will start to notice.....trends. Now if your like me. You wanted to love this game. So you asked your friends and saw the reviews...and they tell you...because they are wishful as well. Keepplaying...get closer to the middle of the galaxy....just stick with it.So I did. Foolish me right? Valve does not like refunding a game you have played for more then 2 hours. Even a game that is....almost by definiton. A scam. Or at any rate, is not worth its listed price.I can go on and on. Truth is. I have asked for 2 refunds already and I will NEVER stop. I want at least 40USD back. And I am just waiting for the class action lawsuit that is sure to follow this.....game."
76561198009511931,Not Recommended,275850,25190583,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Bafube,sucks
76561198127218827,Not Recommended,275850,24853996,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,ZeroRolled,every time i open the game it crashes just a little bit sooner than the last time.
76561198153839757,Not Recommended,275850,24908574,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,animosrot,"SEAN MURRAY YOU LIED ABOUT EVERYTHINGWARNING: The trailers and sceenshots above are lies you will not encounter anything like whats above these reviews. Steam will not refund your purchase if you have over 2hours of gameplayokay I have been watching this game for years and was so excited when it finally came out. BUT I have to say that I am thoroughly dissapointed... I will state facts that I have seen in my own game and others.~this game is beautiful when flying in space, entering a planets atmosphere, around 50% of the planets are as well.~all the animals look like they are made from the same animal just a few differences like wings, horns, longer legs (like maybe a few feet difference).  Not anything like what was in the trailers at all.~the game is very buggy~repetitive game play~basically no content in the game, just go gather this to stay alive or fly and scan this animal/plant~ I have yet to see pirates attack a fleet of trade ships in my game or others~ the game really has no story every npc you encounter will ask/tell you the same few things over and over~the game feels unfinishedYou can really get an idea of the game by watching lets plays on youtube. basically gather this for your ships fuel or your suits protection or to make money/scan this plant, animal, tree, rock. (keep in mind all the animals look basically this same, no big giraffe things or rhino things like you see in the trailer)/ I have yet to see a planet even close to the ones in the trailers in any lets play or my game. Watch the videos out there and make your own opinion before purchashing.I would not recommend this game in the state its in now. Give it about 6months to a year to see if they add any new content.And for the record going back and watching the game trailers for this game makes me feel lied to in a way looking at the planets, animals, and plants in the trailers and not seeing anything like that really dissapoints me. Aswell as hearing Sean Murray state many times that you can encounter others in this game and then seeing 2 people in the exact same spot on the same planet and they can't see each other. It really does feel like he hid alot about the game on purpose cause he knew it wasn't what everyone thought it was just to make more sales...Pretty shady there Sean"
76561197984905766,Not Recommended,275850,24878364,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,dorrien69,"Sorry, but this has been missold in so many ways. Actually getting it to run was a task in itself, and boy what a waste of time that turned out to be..Promised myself after the Rome II total war fiasco that I wouldn't rush into buying a title again before the reviews came in...This time I mean it..even the pre order bonus of a nice new ship was botched.. Sorry Hello Games, but this is another refund request going Steams way."
,Not Recommended,275850,25136615,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,[9e] Furrnox,No man's lie.
76561198085258069,Not Recommended,275850,25277391,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Geeks,lies
,Not Recommended,275850,24846634,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Inksquidd,"this game just makes space feel so real full  of emptyness, and full of nothinglessedit - gtx 1080 sli and the  frame drops below 50fps WOW - 1 gtx 1080 game cant stay at 60 fps unless on meduim and its FUGLYdo i recomand this game no SAVE YOUR MONEY BUY KERBAL SPACE PROGRAM"
,Not Recommended,275850,25095410,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Znote,"This game needs to be fleshed out alot.A good start will be to implement what we where taugh to hope for in the game.https://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/4y1h9i/wheres_the_no_mans_sky_we_were_sold_on_a_big_list/Until then, this game is not worth its price. Worth buying on 50+% discount. (30- USD)."
76561198090306512,Not Recommended,275850,25230923,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,BoeZombie,I have around 24 hours on it and have pretty much maxed everything without leaving my first few systems. It seems as though this game has fallen face first into the mud while leaping to meet its own promises. 10000 miles wide and 2 inches deep.
,Not Recommended,275850,25230891,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Gelatoman,Bad Rats is better
76561197982715519,Not Recommended,275850,25218848,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Coynepurse,"This game was falsly advertised. Sean lied repeatedly in interviews about the release content. The videos showing in-game content showed things that simply aren't in the game or at best are so rare that you'll never see any of it after 50 hours of gameplay. This game is a resource grind to reach the center simply to start over. It's a universe of manotony. Maybe with some DLC it could get better but as-is, this game is not worth the $60 price tag."
,Not Recommended,275850,25292931,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,mrlankytoe,"I really, really wanted to like this game. I embraced it whole-heartedly in spite of the reviews and increasingly shrill internet outrage. In the end, the grind to get to the next station, the next outpost, and the next anomaly, seemed pointless. In the small amount I had travelled, I had already maxxed out my ship, my suit, and my patience.  The space encounters were trivial, sentinels a nuiscance, and each procedurally generated world, animal, and plant looked the same to my increasingly jaded eyes.Where are the climates?Where are the orbital mechanics?Where are the other sentient beings?Where are the cities?Where are the farms?Where are the physics?This game needed about 3 more years of development to live up to its grandiose promises, not counting the half-truths spontaneously uttered during public demos and interviews."
76561198209325753,Not Recommended,275850,25198749,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,lordkickasss,don't get this game it is a lie and is crap it's nothing like what's in the trailer save your self.
76561198058603860,Not Recommended,275850,25198798,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Hasko,"This game lives up to exactly NONE of the hype that was promised. If you know nothing about this game and its on sale for 10 bucks, you could get this game, or just light a 10 dollar bill on fire. You'd get the same entertainment value from both."
76561198125925433,Not Recommended,275850,25243758,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,angry man who buys shit games,"Hello Games has committed fraud, the lies and deception will be the death of the gaming industry, if you want an experience close to No Man's Sky, go burn some money."
,Not Recommended,275850,25011582,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,DeL Abott,The galaxy sand box is huge... but the contents are dull and repitative... dont know if they'll patch up new stuff to do or what but dang this game is a grind... And a grinding game without friend is boring... Buy this game if its on sale... no need to rush... hope its better in the future than now...
76561198043129385,Not Recommended,275850,25080122,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Just a sea turtle,"No man's sky, a game that has mountains of hype but lived up to none of it.This game came to my attention around last September and the footage captivated me.The idea of computer generated worlds seemed almost to go to be true and i was excited to play it.Then they kept pushing it back and then were practically forced to release it and my god it is abysmalThe game feels like an alpha game yet charges full triple A game price of 60 dollars what a rip off.On top of the copious problems with the game as a whole, there is a myriad of bugs throughout the game so much so on launch day they had to do a large patch so a lot of people can even play the damn game.in closing, so far right now this game is not worth the spot on steam itself it is a random indie game at best that hovers around 20 dollars. Buying it for 60 is a waste of money and i regret my purchas"
,Not Recommended,275850,25299902,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Xiupan,Do I recommend this game? Not at $60. The current content in this game is worth $20 at most.
76561198047912691,Not Recommended,275850,25225044,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Kasta,"Don't buy it, maybe in a couple of months when updates will hopefully make it worth even 30$ consider it."
,Not Recommended,275850,25311307,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,URI GELLER,I overpaid... and annoyingly thought I'd give it a chance and played it for too long so I could jump to another system in the hope it got better.. it didn't.  Should've gotten a refund instead.
76561198037640538,Not Recommended,275850,25166957,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Toraden,"The game itself is not bad, I am quite enjoying it. The problem is that it is not the game which was sold to me. There are so many features missing which were promised, and which are STILL BEING SHOWN in the steam store page trailer."
,Not Recommended,275850,25068653,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Hamwok,I killed my bank acccount after purchasing then i killed myself after playing for 3 hours and not being able to refund
,Not Recommended,275850,25239148,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,chris3spice,It does have explorations but out of the worlds that are supposed to be pretty and such I have found 0 of them. Partially because every 20 minutes or so the game speed gets cut down and I'm walking around like a slowpoke. Also its just a grind I can barely do anyting because every 5 minutes I have to worry about collecting needed resources to power my ship and suit so that I can try to find a planet like shown in the trailer.
,Not Recommended,275850,25225009,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,[CoZ] Yoichiro [UK],A huge disappointment!
,Not Recommended,275850,25013575,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,dbone,"In it's current state the game is not worth $60 by any means. Given all the negative feedback these guys have been receiving im sure they will be busting♥♥♥♥♥to create some more content that could actually turn this into what we all hoped it would be. Until then, I can't recommend that you pay full price for this game."
,Not Recommended,275850,25203194,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Jaaymaac,$80aud to farm fuel and.. well.. the rest is missing!
,Not Recommended,275850,25086205,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Lemon Weezy 🍋,I HATE SEAN MURRAY FOR LYING.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kuz3WETd4ug
76561197998343819,Not Recommended,275850,25163988,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,archemist,"This is the first and last time I preorder a supposedly AAA game from Steam.  This one should have stayed in dev for another year, at least.  Landscapes the same, Vegetation the same, Minerals the same, Ships the same, Alien Interaction the same, Puzzles the same...  Ran out of content in the first 4 hours."
,Not Recommended,275850,25093146,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,wraith313,"I wanted to like this...but the game boils down to the same thing over and over. Different planets with slightly altered color palattes. Same 3 races of aliens over and over. Frustrating dealing with inventory management constantly and just trying to get resources repeatedly.It's just not fun. There's nothing fun to do or explore. It just gets extremely old extremely fast. For $60, this is a robbery. It should be $15, then it might be worth the price. Might. I regret making the purchase, if I am being honest. Look at my play time, I've logged hours into this thing. Haven't accomplished anything though. It's fun if you just want to waste time. There's no story to speak of, no goals, no end-game. No multiplayer. Even if you encounter a place someone else has been you can't do anything there.Don't be the guy like me who didn't follow the game but got excited right before release and watched videos hyping it. The guy who made this, Sean something...unfortunately he is writing checks with his mouth that he just can't cash. Because he said a LOT of stuff about what this game would be and he's been backtreading ever since.Def don't watch the E3 footage from a couple years ago and get excited either. Nothing like that is in this game."
76561198164374112,Not Recommended,275850,25343070,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Pedro San Loa Entrepes,No Man's Sky gave me a day long headache.
76561198201139847,Not Recommended,275850,25157746,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,unwisemilk,boring grindgestnothing like hello games said it would be
,Not Recommended,275850,24882155,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Fulysic,After waiting and following this game for over two years im sad to say so far its a no from me i will keep the game but at the moment it keeps crashing when i try to warp i will update and change this once a fix has been releasedThe game looks great performs well but has fallen victim to a rushed over hyped release and a to smaller test team for such a big game i think it needed more internal testing and should have delayed it by another month.like i said it looks fun and has a future but for my fellow gamers wait until big bugs are fixed unless its something you really want.
,Not Recommended,275850,24912771,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,bobby,"THEY LIED!!! There is no MP.I will never understand why developers keep launching unfinished games.My PC is not old. I have a i5 4660K, GTX 970 and 8GB of ram.. Waaaaay above the minimum requirements.The game crashes after a few minutes of playing. I noticed that thousands of people has the same issue. I don’t believe that Hello Games didn’t get these bugs during test phase.Shame on you, Hello Games. Shame on you, No Man’s Sky.DON’T BUY THIS GAME… At least not just yet… You will almost certainly lose you money and/or get very frustrated with this game.I’m going to ask for a refund right away."
,Not Recommended,275850,24910037,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,ryz,"No Man's Sky is exactly as overhyped I thought it would be. It's style over substance, 100%. It looks great most of the time, the art direction is fantastic and the soundtrack is as immersive as it gets.Sadly this game has two major problems: Gameplay and UX/UI. The marketing BS frankly bugged me the most about it, along with the blatant lies about multiplayer and Sean's evasive replies. I'm even more shocked that this old scheme worked: They built INSANE amounts of hype, underdelivered spectacularily, don't admit it and almost got away with it.The way they sold NMS fell into the typical ""procedurally generated without meaning"" category, other prime examples being TES: Daggerfall from 1996 (23,000 square kilometers! Over 15,000 towns, cities, villages! 750,000 NPCs! The size of Great Britain!) or Borderlands (17,750,000 different weapons!) which were both actually good games at the time which utilize procedural generation in slightly better ways than NMS.A mere million things to explore wasn't sufficient enough for Hello Games: Here comes NMS with 18,446,744,073,709,551,616 planets to explore!I guess their marketing department just came a little when they heard this magic number.Unfortunately almost everything is in this game is either meaningless, as basic as it can be, has no context, or is incoherent. It tries to be the grandest of them all, but is actually the shallowest. There have also some really weird and sometimes outright bad design decisions been made for this game.A few examples- You have seen everything there is to do on a planet after the second one you explore.- You will at most encounter one alien at any given time.- Obtaining Warp Drives and doing FTL jumps is easier than opening regular locked doors. You by the way need to talk to ancient alien beings to be blessed with the long forgotten art of opening doors. Behind these doors is mostly generic loot, btw.- Every space station looks the same on the inside. The layout is always exactly the same, with minimal randomized room layouts.- These HUGE stations literally contain zero or one alien(s).- There are only three ""distinct"" alien races. They all hold the same type of tablet. They all share the same type of alien artifacts you can discover.- Planets are LITTERED with man-made structures, but all of them are make-shift outposts, containing, again, zero to two aliens at most. No traces of forming civilizations or anything like that, no. Aliens apparently just randomly built thousands of outposts on every single planet, one alien at a time. They made sure to seal their doors too.- You need Carbon(!) to talk to aliens multiple times. Why? I don't know! Even better, every room with an alien contains multiple indoor plants, containing carbon.- Everything in this game is a chore: Refilling fuel, unskippable/lengthy cutscene animations, exosuit notifications,To add insult to injury, the UX is a crime. Often missing context-information and unnecessary click-journeys are just some of the problems. Why do I have to navigate through convoluted UIs to do basic actions as refilling fuel? If I want to liftoff but actually have it in my inventory refill it AUTOMATICALLY jesus christ.It can't help but think the game would have been magnitudes better if they chose to A) hire proper gameplay and UI/UX designers and B) to invest their resources into hand-crafting a selection of distinct planets with richer, more meaningful content, alien races that are fleshed out, real colonies on planets.. the list of things that would have been the better focus than soulless palette-swaps is as big as the quintillions of planets you can potentially find in this game.Anyway, I think NMS has it's charm but is way, WAY, smaller and more basic than it tries to be. This would be a great indie early access game release for 20 bucks.Oh and Hello Games promised BASE BUILDING as additional content in the future. In a game that literally is about exploration and not being in one place all the time. Seems like they don't understand their own game's DNA. Good job!No Man's Sky sometimes looks pretty good though and certainly has it's moments. It's a shame it was so overhyped."
76561198023470601,Not Recommended,275850,25165002,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,ThirtyandGaming/twitch,Rather boring.  Not what I expected.
,Not Recommended,275850,25166895,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Letho,I WANT A REFUND!
76561198067220376,Not Recommended,275850,25190575,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,DrowningSquid,its♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197960566499,Not Recommended,275850,25272546,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Fiver,Not worth $60
,Not Recommended,275850,24845896,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Spiral,"No mans sky does great at promoting itself. As a new and innovative game, you would think they would have the proper system requirments for players to have a fun experience. I have way above the system requirments, and even on low (with vsync and anti aliasing off) It refuses to go above 5 frames a second. Not reccomended just for the fact that I now how to go through the process of getting my money back from steam."
76561198074903936,Not Recommended,275850,25252383,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,ZCR|MES,"Don't buy this. It's not worth your money until the price drops to 5 bucks. Trust me, i tried finding something worthwhile in this game, look at my hours, i tried dammit!The game is repetitive, the game is advertised with lies (sure some stuff is true, but the main selling points, are not in the game). According to steam we could refund it, regardless of played hours. Which is another lie, because they will send you an e-mail with: You've played this game more than 2 hours.This game is a big ♥♥♥♥ you, basically."
,Not Recommended,275850,25252443,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,SparkTwi420,"I tried putting my time into this game. The game is extremely repetitive with usually no goal. It's blatantly put, boring. Minecraft at least has some goal with its crafting ability and ability to settle and survive, most importantly, with friends, something NMS does not provide. The graphics and textures in NMS is very poor for a game in 2016, and very inefficient on graphics cards, even when you consider it's rendering a lot of data real time like Minecraft. Following the ""story"" is semi interesting, and seems like something put together last minute. I mean, the game isnt terrible. But, it's not worth the 60$. Maybe 20-40$. Overall, not recommend that you buy this game. Especially with rumors of paid DLC.... With a unfinished game like this, it's going to be another Destiny."
,Not Recommended,275850,25252447,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Captain Coolface,"Waste of time. Misleading advertising of features not present in game (multiplayer), choppy framerate, issues loading the game and random crashing are just the tip of iceberg. Without getting too in-depth (many other reviews cover that territory far better) this game isn't worth a purchase for many reasons mainly being that there isn't really much to do, and the little there is to do is essentially a huge grind."
76561197983456375,Not Recommended,275850,25233067,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,patterso,"This game differs significantly from the advertisements and promotions.  For example, developers were asked ""can you play with your friends""  and responded ""yes"".   --answer is no, not at all."
,Not Recommended,275850,25199576,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,DetroitSniper,"Game is Terrible. Sean Murray lied when he said it would be multiplayer, not once, not twice but MULTIPLE times."
,Not Recommended,275850,25216338,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,vegansbane,"Missing features (multiplayer, for instance; an actual ending rather than just a forced restart; promised variety and complexity arising toward center of galaxy; etc etc).  The first hour is fun, then you realize there's no variety in the quintillion star systems, just more of the exact same 5 planets with different colors applied."
,Not Recommended,275850,25283423,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,gabrielnodoubt,"False advertising, plain lying and other shady marketing tactics were used. I could not recommend this game to ANYONE at current price. Wide as an ocean, deep as a puddle."
,Not Recommended,275850,25618925,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Ahhchoo,"My ex-girlfriend that cheated on me for 2 months didnt even lie to me this bad! Biggest flop of 2016. I could have gave $60 to a homeless person or something, like geez. If the game was like $15 I wouldnt be so upset but $60 for this garbage.... This make me not wanna pre-order games anymore.The game is fun for like the first 5 hours...  thats all I'll give it."
,Not Recommended,275850,25311171,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Agrippa da Rippa,60$ for a early alpha
76561198002825289,Not Recommended,275850,25215236,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,jwan131,"I played the game and I tried to like it. But I couldn't. Anyone who bought the game because they like what that saw in the trailers would be disappointed. Although it may be an industry tradition to make trailers look much more glorious than the actual game, the fact that the developer lied about multiplayer game content is morally unacceptable."
,Not Recommended,275850,25272314,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Himura,"Not recommended. Tried to play through it a bit hoping things would get better in the 'higher levels' , does not deliver as promised whatsoever, making it very unlikely i'll ever touch anything associated to Hellogames or Sean Murray."
76561198055075240,Not Recommended,275850,25125979,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Voke,I spent 60 dollars on this game.I shouldn't have spent 60 dollars on this game.
76561198006561843,Not Recommended,275850,25071656,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Darkside99x,"This is one of those games that I would like a neutral option for. I wasnt on the hype train, in fact I didnt even have the game pre-ordered until I seen that there was in fact no multiplayer and no way for other people to ruin my game.The game is fun for whats there but it gets old fast, there is no diverse economy and every world while different is only superficially so."
76561197993425009,Not Recommended,275850,25222841,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,b1nd3r512,Boring liffeless no multiplayer game. do not buy this. do not buy this on special. do not even illegally torrent this game as it isnt even worth that. Biggest lie and waste of money. The people that made this need to actually be banned from every creating another idea.
76561198072301168,Not Recommended,275850,25272482,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,WinningHarp177,"This is an indie game masquerading as AAA, and it shows. Certainly not worth £40 in it's current state; which to me is Alpha level (stable but feature poor). If/when they get the game systems interacting with each other more and make it less of an empty experience it could be an awesome game; until then I'd hold off purchasing."
,Not Recommended,275850,25186664,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,MrHook,This game is not as advertised. Missing almost all the features that woud have made it more than a prettty flight sim lite.
,Not Recommended,275850,25705488,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Towely_ban,Get more for your money by wiping your poo maker with and flushing the money down the toilet. Would be way more entertaining.
76561198066107698,Not Recommended,275850,25050643,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,☼ Kal ☼,60$ for this game is too much. Getting a refund
76561198032192581,Not Recommended,275850,25157778,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Tactical Kitty,Crap.AVOID.I want my money back
76561198120273486,Not Recommended,275850,25160222,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,weeb,its just bad
,Not Recommended,275850,25001631,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Telekaster,"Honestly, the game is not terrible. My issue is that Hello games lied to their consumers promising an ONLINE (but not) game. We were told we could explore with our friends and cant. We were told the universe was endless even though every planet essentially looks the exact same as the last but with different colors (Unlike every trailer video or screenshot released by the company). We were told different ships would have different uses like combat, cargo, science and research, and trading where all the ships function THE EXACT SAME. We were told we could browse the communities discoveries, but cant. And lastly, we were told that reaching the center of the galaxy would reap coveted rewards where in reality,*SPOILER*Getting there just teleports you to another planet with you ship crashed again. At least you get to keep all your gear. (Whatever the hell thats worth)"
,Recommended,275850,34170248,Posted: 11 August,all,Tatsujin,"I recognize that this game is still hated and looked down on by many due to the very controversial E3 reveals and interviews as well as, admittedly, being an overall disappointment on its launch day in August of 2016. Despite this though, I would still like for you to listen to the things I must say through my point of view:I have been a long follower of this game ever since it was announced at E3 2014. Ever since that first announcement trailer came on during the PlayStation conference, it ended up with me boarding the hype train a lot sooner than I anticipated. I’ve always had a deep fascination about space and interstellar exploration and how we, humans, are just a pale blue dot compared to the extent of our galaxy or even the total universe. The rest of space is one of those places that we’ll perhaps never get to discover or perceive which really disappoints me. During Sean Murray’s talk at E3, he stated that he wanted to create this game to “escape” to these unalike and anomalous worlds and to see something different than the world we breathe in today. The trailer was followed by gorgeous tropical worlds, severe environments and so much more…After waiting for what seemed like such a long time, launch day finally arises, but apparently it isn’t something to be thrilled about at all. People were unbelievably dissatisfied and it produced so much backlash that Hello Games went completely silent for months. I never actually bought the game during this time (neither did I pre-order) due to the insane expanse of negative reviews and how this was “No Man’s Lie” instead of the game I waited years for. Admitedly, I pirated the game to try it out and see what all the fuss was about without having to spend the menacing $60 that the devs were asking for. I actually enjoyed the concept. No, really, I loved the concept like many others, but the way it was executed was just dreadful. The game ran like garbage and there was almost no variety or things to do in order to occupy you while playing the game. Despite this, I still liked the game somewhat and actually had some fun with it. I decided to buy the game when it went on sale for $30 which might have been a bad idea, but I soon figured that it was well worth my money:Hello Games breaks silence by announcing patches and massive free (key word here: free) updates that add so much into the game such as optimization fixes, base building, reshades, etc. This really opened my eye since I paid for the full copy and I was still getting new features that make its way into NMS despite the terrible amount of backlash that Hello Games were receiving. The “Foundation Update,” which was the very first major update added into No Man’s Sky, added things such as base building which was specifically stated by Sean Murray in an interview that base building would not make its way into the game. This started to make me think about if Sean Murray even lied or not. Was he possibly rushed by Sony to get the game out or did he have to cut features due to the small team he had? I then thought about the potential this game would have if Hello Games were to constantly put out new updates to lure people back into the game. And what do they do? They do exactly just that.Although the game wasn’t what I expected at all in 2016, Hello Games have really stepped up and listened to their community for the rest of the year. New features are requested by users and almost continuously make their way into a major update such as the Foundation Update or the Pathfinder Update. I really wanted to give them a second chance, and I’m so glad that I did because Hello Games have really redeemed themselves. They could’ve run away with the crazy amount of money they made from preorders but they came back with more things for us to enjoy. To tease this new update, Atlas Rises, Hello Games went as far as to develop a full length Alternate Reality Game called Waking Titan that was so much fun to watch and attempt to break some of the difficult codes they would send to the community as clues for a possible new No Man’s Sky update.The game is STARTING to feel and look a lot more like the trailers (maybe even better) with each update that comes out. Because of this, I would definitely consider you buying this game to, even if it’s painful, support Hello Games and the absolute amazing work they have done to the No Man’s Sky community and their creation. This new update, Atlas Rises, has extended on its story and lore as well as a limited form of multiplayer which would be “expanded upon” in future updates.Please consider giving Sean Murray and his team a second chance to make No Man’s Sky the game that we all wanted it to be."
76561197965127091,Not Recommended,275850,25406477,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Hot Crossed Guns,should be $15
76561197993812867,Not Recommended,275850,25221640,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Spunkmire,"I can't recommend this game at $60.  If this game was $20 I would say it's a great game.  If you like to get lost in another universe and forget about the real world around you, then this game is great.  However once you see a few planets the game becomes a little redundant.  I enjoy playing it, however I regret spending $60 on a game that should be $20 at most.Wait for the 75% off sale which is sure to come sooner rather than later."
76561198001456811,Not Recommended,275850,25375766,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,widespreadpanick,"Do you like shooting rocks?Every ""planet"" on this game has the same atmosphere. Same gravity. The differences between these ""planets"" and ""moons"" is close to non-existant.Those preview videos are a horrible misrepresentation.Basically, this ""game"" is about flying to various balls of procedurally-generating terrain. The procedural-generation will ""magically"" transpire before your very eyes, as entire mountains pop-in to existence out of thin air, directly in front of you.Gameplay? Shoot rocks. Why? Because... because. Because there is nothing else to do in this game.Occasionally the game will render a nice scene... nothing like the preview videos will lead you to believe.I'm being VERY kind with this review. The truth is, this game is a fraud on a massive scale. And the worst part is it isn't even a game. There is NO gameplay. It's about ""exploration"". But it's terrible exploration. It's 100% predictable.Every planet will have these same buildings. Every planet will have these same Zinc plants. Every planet will have these same flying robot-eyes. Every. Planet.Do not expect to find the ""diamond in the rough"" with this game. Look at actual gameplay from actual people. See how ""amazing"" this game can be. It's dull. It's dull and boring. That is all this ""game"" is.I want a refund, so badly. Out of principle. This was fraudulent advertising, and I hope Hello Games pays repercussions.edit: I wrote my review a week after solid playing, upon the game's release. I then quit. Well over a year later, I decided to reinstall it on a whim. To what little is left of the developer's credit, I will applaud their efforts to provide free patched-in content to expand what was an extremely dull experience. As it stands now, one could at least credit this game as being a decent single-player space-survival.It still has a lot of flaws, including the lack of actual purpose beyond flying around procedural-terrain ad infinitum. Survival isn't a challenge. There is no actual goal at the ""end"" of the plot except to just keep going. But to where? Finding crafting recipes, building bases, etc. But it ultimately leads you to the same place: a near-infinitely wide terrain-generator. Interesting, but ultimately the game's only true end is when it beats you via boredom."
,Not Recommended,275850,25422373,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Amunaten,"Seems like the devs had great intentions, but it ended in dismal failure. The game, while having some enduring moments, doesn't pass the acid test of actually being fun to play."
,Not Recommended,275850,25442933,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Navarone (Husky),I consider buying this to be my biggest mistake of the year. If they were a bit more honest and just admited to how little they could achieve with the size of their team none of this would be happening. The price should barely be $20
,Not Recommended,275850,25816973,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Kimi #ClutchMiester,"This game is complete sh*t. The videos and screenshots are a complete lie. I hope Hello Games gets sued like f*ck. If you bought this game, you got f*cking conned. Sean Murray you lying c*nt go hang urself."
76561198062706738,Not Recommended,275850,26278836,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Elfuret,No man's sky was a mistake
,Not Recommended,275850,25284974,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,GREYsaurus,I just didn't really like it. I'm sure some people might but it got too repetitive with no real interaction with any npcs. I knew space was lonely but not this lonely.
,Not Recommended,275850,26518165,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Dr. Childhood Obesity,This game is a non-repetetive fun game for 6 hours. You can't refund after 2 hours of playtime.
76561198082982019,Not Recommended,275850,25284935,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,tarcintr,Worst game ever!
,Not Recommended,275850,26348685,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,kungfuaction,"What I don't regret is the 30 hours I spent on this game.What IDOregret though, is the $60 I spent on this game."
76561198187169277,Not Recommended,275850,25761106,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Mr.Sensei_Diesel,LIES LIES LIES and more.............. LIES!!!!!! nothing else to say about this game. Sean Murray should be launched into space with no spacesuit and Hello Games needs to be destroyed by Godzilla. Nuff Said!
76561197972661472,Not Recommended,275850,25187902,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Joeyh92989,"This game is extremely shallow. Most of the features advertised were not included with the launch, and what was included was an alpha release of an indie game. I wouldn't be upset if this game cost $20, but at $60 this is just unacceptable. I have requested a refund, and would advise anyone else to not buy this game.Who knows maybe at Christmas when they have had some time to sort our performance and ideally have added in at least some of what was promised I would buy it on sale. I would still be hesitant, as the company really doesn't deserve any money for the stunt they pulled"
76561198317061693,Not Recommended,275850,25200315,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,anon25542,"Lots of features that were promised by Sean just flat out didn't make it into the game (multiplayer!, solar systems with physical stars, potentially being able to fly to another solar system without hyperdrive, unique creatures/plants). Everything else (combat, exploration, even the procedural generation) is just shallow and repetitive. Expect to see LOTS of similar looking plants, animals, planets, mineral veins, ships, etc.Overall the game is fun for the first 10 or so hours, since everything feels new at first and you don't really find out about the false advertising until later. Personally, I flat out couldn't play it anymore after 22 hours because it's so damn repetitive.The bottom line is that this game isn't early as enormous or complex as it was made out to be, and it shouldn't cost more than 20 dollars in its current form."
,Not Recommended,275850,25236598,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Sophia,"I really wanted to like this game as did everyone else. I wanted to give this game a chance even after hearing that the game had no multiplayer. The first few hours are fun, waking up next to a broken ship on an unknown planet, thinking to myself: What's this? What's that? ...I can go there??? WOW! After getting used to the game, say a few hours in, it really starts to dawn on you. How boring, buggy, repetitive and shallow this game really is.Easily the biggest video game disappointment of 2016."
,Not Recommended,275850,25868821,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,matthewcote94,"Look anywhere but here for a space exploration game. waste of my ♥♥♥♥ing money, hats off to hello games for making a♥♥♥♥♥♥game. Quite possibly the worst of the year."
,Not Recommended,275850,25932464,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,OllympianGamer,"Steam should remove this ""game"" from the store and auto refund everyone who spent money on it."
,Not Recommended,275850,25868580,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Gribbstar,"Didnt live up to any of the advertising hype. In fact it didnt even come close, to the point where advertised and talked about features were simply not there. Don't let the games first 10 minutes of play lure you in, that's literally all there is to do for the entirety of it - start to finish.Check out Joseph Anderson's absolutely perfect summary:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kd8vLJ66Vhc"
76561197970534041,Not Recommended,275850,25872638,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Aether,"""an inch deep and a mile wide"" is an English idiom to represent an experience that appears vast and expansive, covering lots of topics and concepts, but ultimately turns out to cover those concepts as thinly and as minimally as possible.This is perhaps the best analogy for this game. There are derpteen quadrillion planets, but they basically all look about the same. There are herptillon species of animals, vegitables and minerals, but they all boil down to the plants with iron or the plants with carbon, the indifferent or agressive animals, and the red rocks for fuel or the blue rocks with silicas. There are 6 factions and two quest lines, but the factions never interact with eachother or act differently to you, and the two quest lines are find all the libraries or go to the center of the galaxy for no apparent reason.All of the procedural generation and expansive universe are hiding barely 2 game mechanics and just enough interesting vistas to keep you strung along for a while. It takes a while to figure it out, but there’s barely enough game here to wet your toes in."
,Not Recommended,275850,25872197,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Evil Closet Monkey,"You can see everything in two hours.Flora is the same on nearly every planet, just with a different name. Whiel fauna can be varied, it is sparce and rarely seen to a degree that would be considered awe-inspiring. Once you've run around for a bit on the opening planet, you've seen what will be waiting for you on any other planet.The gameplay is nice for a casual night, but the lack of variety makes it unappealing."
76561197995325138,Not Recommended,275850,25872152,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Bahamut,"This has to be the greatest disappointment of a game that has ever existed. So much this could have been and when you realize what Hello Games did here you will never want to purchase one of their games again. Sean Murray should be personally refunding everyone who purchased this game their money back. Going to their houses and apologizing for what he did and giving them their money back.Steam should be ashamed of themselves for still offering this ""game"" on their site."
,Not Recommended,275850,25413285,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,I Have Osteoporosis,"It's Space Engine, but with with stupider looking environments, more limited exploration, and a $60 price tag.Seriously, avoid this."
,Not Recommended,275850,25241991,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,PsYFURNOSIS,"Everything there is to say, has been said 1000x already."
,Not Recommended,275850,25179110,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Randomplayer57,Unfortunately many of the game mechanics advertised by Hello Games either do not exist or are greatly simplified. It is not the game described in promotional material and quickly becomes very repetitive.The game is fun for a few hours and may reward you with a few good screenshots but has little long-term appeal.
76561198006518369,Not Recommended,275850,25597965,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Zso Sahaal,"I have to state, I really didn’t follow the game development or any hype per my MO. I hit a blip on Youtube a few months before release. I saw some gameplay and thought it might be up my open world alley when I read the Steam page.While NMS not the worst thing I have ever bought over my gaming life, but it’s not near good either. This game is just plainly mediocre. Choppy frame rates, really repetitive game play, subpar inventory system, not much to do after maxing out the inventory slots on the ship, gun and your suit, clunky galaxy map, and a lack of a basic nav system. Really, you are supposed to be travelling around the universe and you don’t even have a compass. This makes exploring a pain in the rear.On the plus side, when the game isn’t skipping like a grade school girl, some of the art is very well done. Some of the planets I have visited are very surreal and pleasant to look at. Some of the animals look good. The motion of leaving the planet and entering space is almost seamless. This, however, is kind of ruined when you enter the rock garden of asteroids that is around every planet in every system I been too. Makes me wonder how there is any life in this game with this much rock floating around.It can be a very relaxing experience, but, the more I think about it, it borders on tedium. I swear if I still smoked this would be a better game in my eyes. The endless mind numbing grinding, mining and crafting stuff that doesn’t change any of the visuals or, in the slightest, changes the environment makes it seem like you really are not making any progress or difference.As far as game play in the current state, this is a walking sim. I like games I can explore, but there has to be a point to the exploration. There is a lot of a little. A little bit of survival, a little bit of trading, a little bit of intelligent aliens, a little bit of story, a little bit of combat, a little bit of lifeforms, a little bit of variation, and a little bit crafting.  Nothing is fleshed out just a lot of a little. Maybe with in the year this might change. Maybe this will give it the love, devotion and more depth that should have been given at release.I cannot recommend this game at this current price point of 60$. Wait for a 66% off or better. To Hello Games, thank you for trying. To me, it’s Goodbye Gamer. I might be back if you follow the example of what Egosoft has done."
,Not Recommended,275850,25178993,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Ron W,Game just doesn't seem finished
76561198114930019,Not Recommended,275850,25591713,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,mr.ninjatastic,"No Man's sky has so much freaking potential. Yet it's seriously lacking. It's en exploration game where you always exlpore ridiculously similar planets. It's a survival game with no goal or reason to survive. If you want a real survival game get The Forest.Again, No man's sky is fun for the first little while, but unless you really wanna spend a crazy amount of time finding the center of the universe it's boring. Once you've seen one or two planets you've seen them all. The ship battles are cool but hard to control and you don't get much out of them.Again this game has so much potential and one day someone will use this technology to make the best game ever, but right now it's lacking a lot. There's still a chance that it will get better as the developers talk about adding base building and stuff, but it's still not worth it to me."
76561198084834404,Not Recommended,275850,25584305,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Jiro Katsutoshi,"The game was a great 1-4 hour adventure at first but it loses it's charm after that due to how extremely repetative it gets. not to metion the annoyances of the inventory and sentinals. Also, the game has recently begun closing for no reason. I'll be jumping along and then all of a sudden the game closes with no message or anything as to why."
,Not Recommended,275850,25399637,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Future Troglodyte,Truly a sad state of affairs. I've never been angrier at a game.
76561198104156081,Not Recommended,275850,26357970,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,AHappyTeddyBear,The game svcks.I want my money back!
,Not Recommended,275850,25869901,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Roflberg,Extreme case of false advertisement.
76561198034170954,Not Recommended,275850,25869824,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Swimmer,This game was just made to show the flaw in preorder function.
76561198119806162,Not Recommended,275850,25476201,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,heavyarms,didnt deliver what it promised on e3 convention...a great waste of money and time
,Not Recommended,275850,24912832,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,NepuNepu,"Extremely overhyped. Mine minerals to fly your starship, fly your starship to find minerals to mine, mine minerals to fly your starship, rinse and repeat. No multiplayer, no base building, no interaction with a general populus (there are aliens but they are few and far between). I didnt even know I had preordered this game (must've purchased it during a drunken stupor), so I figured I would give it a shot when it came out. If this game cost $20 I would recommend it, but for $60 this is a scam. Imagine Minecraft but that you cant build with any blocks, all you can do is mine ores, throw in some space ships and thats what this game boils down to."
76561197973145830,Not Recommended,275850,25183058,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,CENSORED,"This game is a substantial dissapointment. I've tried to give it a fair try, but it's extremely repetitive. There are few features that make this redeeming. All of those features are exhaisted in the first few hours of game play.There are large problems.  The map/waypoint system doesn't work, making this huge expanse of a game a pain to navigate. Waypoints show as new even if you've visited them before. Finding ships doesn't work. Transmission towers give the same beacon over and over again. I understand this is a sandbox style game, but the few storylines seem to be lacking (finding center, etc).There are so many small improvements that needed to be made before this was released. 60$ was too much to spend on this garbage."
76561198032309720,Not Recommended,275850,25386674,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Ducksen,"This game is an appailing scam! Chasing rainbows is a key word here! It is very pretty. I will give Hellow games that. But good luck getting that pot of gold at the end. Just a bit further now. You have now exceeded the two hour steam refund limit. Well that is as close as you will ever get to gameplay. I have spendt/wasted 42 hous on this game. It just keeps stringing you along.If you are all for looks and no gameplay, have at it! You will love it.BUT if you buy it for a game, you will hate it. The prittiest collector simulator out there with no end and no point. Just keep collecting! Just a bit more, come on, you can do it.I have NEVER ever asked for a refund at Steam before. But I had to here.This ""game"" is a big SCAM, like the ones that mail you saying they just need your bank credentials and they will send you money. This is the level of this games sales pitch.Steam should remove the movie and pictures for this game. And give a serious warning that there is no content. The fact that steam keeps this game on sale is beyond me. I do not see how Steam can support this!DO NOT BUY! Walk away, just look somewhere else! Run you fools! Run!"
76561197987610818,Not Recommended,275850,25174224,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,SirBoggins,Feel lied to and the game is repetitive. Its a shame it took more than two hours to figure out so not entitled to refund.
76561198037950212,Not Recommended,275850,25198782,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Wariel,Pros:- Refund works fineCons:- Bland gameplay- Missing features- Oversimplified combat- Oversimplified crafting- Oversimplified interactions- Oversimplified flight- Unoptimized for majority of sistems (not mine)- 18 quintillion liesFinal result: lies/hype
76561198136301350,Not Recommended,275850,25195671,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,ColdSuit,"This game was a scam, very few of the features talked about made it into the game.  It took me 20 hours to get that full realization. This is an indie game with the price of a AAA game."
,Not Recommended,275850,25196492,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Jubby11,"DO NOT BUY. WASTE OF TIME AND MONEYHonestly this game is not worth $60. Like others have said, its only worth like $5 on sale, then maybe consider buying it. After 16 brutal hours, 2 of which were getting the game to actually run decently, anyone will understand why it gets so many bad reviews.Gameplay is bland, and after a hour the repetition sets in. Mine, Sell, Repeat. What kind of developer makes a $60 game of mining and selling?? Might as well play Minecraft.The developers are another issue. They have lied about what the game is and have also misslead the community, and will continue to do so. They have lied about multiplayer and cover up when a player asks a question. Now they are saying they will get paid DLC after they said they wouldnt.Hopefully support will respond to my refund request. Im deeply dissapointed in Hello Games for misleading the community."
76561198060440699,Not Recommended,275850,24846416,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Chylomicron,Terrible optimization. Can barely break 40 FPS consistently with SLI GTX 970s...
,Not Recommended,275850,25258484,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,✪ Zyji,"After playing this game for 30+ hours, I fully regret my decision of buying it. The game simply isn't what it was advertised to be. There's no multiplayer, the graphics aren't as good as the trailers/ released screenshots and the game constantly crashes. I would not recommend this game to anyone."
,Not Recommended,275850,25211553,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Envy The Vulture,"Hello Games are vying for peter molyneuxs crown for over-hyping disapointing games.Please, do yourself and wallet a favour and avoid at all costs."
,Not Recommended,275850,25705572,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,ZZTheGreat,No Man's Lie.
,Not Recommended,275850,25052140,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,macskeptic,"technically impressive, quite the feat to see gameplay transition from planet, to space, to planet again.however extremelly dull, full of pointless infuriatingly repetitive resource gathering and meter refuelling...not only dull in terms of gameplay, but also on absolute and utter lack of inspiration in terms of design. every single thing you'll ever encounter is just a palette swap from a base archetype you've just seen a 1000000 times - nothing has any bearing nor cause any effect to your journeywould recommend this only in a crazy summer sale if it goes below $5, and even then only as a tech demo (as as a tech demo and/or proof of concept it is super impressive)"
,Not Recommended,275850,25128085,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,dubpunk,"Don't do it, seriously, turn arouind, run, don't buy this screensaver."
,Not Recommended,275850,25088046,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,The Punisher,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ nothing like it was advertised. Not to mention buggy.
,Not Recommended,275850,24918978,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,#kys,"After succesfully starting the game and playing almost 10 hours, i can happily say that the game is great, for the first 10 minutes at least. After that it becomes bland and repetitive, you meet new uglier aliens, make more hyper drive fuel, look for black holes, It is all the same exact thing non stop. I wanted to get to the center of the universe but it just become too long and boring so i gave up and the result is me attempting to get a refund."
76561198155613619,Not Recommended,275850,24846075,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Cap Daddy,"Well so far a terrible experince.  Can't even get passed the intro just a white screen after I see the game title.  I saw some other comments like you need 8 GB of ram, I have 18 and I keep crashing so just wait till they fix it to buy it.Could use some help"
76561198065412040,Not Recommended,275850,30022270,Posted: 18 February,all,ScarryHarry,"I decided to re-do my original review...make it much more briefI really wanted to like this game, and it was such a huge let down in the beginning that I still haven't built up the will to play it again after neary a year. I kept reading updates, and at least the devs didnt abandon like some do, and it seems close to being worth the money now. But all I can remember is how empty and repetitive it was (and that I've read it still is after a while). No matter how many weird creatures I found and named....no matter how many space statiosn and aliens/robots I found...it always felt empty. Like there wasn't really any civilizations alive and thriving. Like there was no real connection between AI and any realy dialog that made sense. I enjoyed the views, took some screenshots, and thought I loved it. But all it was, was farming for resources and fuel to keep jumping to other planets. Keep naming stuff. Keep searching for alien words. Repeat.One day I might actually recommend this fully, assuming the devs continue their good work."
,Not Recommended,275850,25221630,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,On Twitter: @CreepyXL,"I like the game but pretty much everything that was promised is still absent. It's decent as a ""lie back and chill"" game but key features are missing, most of the periodic table is gone, there's just so much missing that it's a wonder they only had 20k refunds.I did not refund this game so I can see if one day they patch all the missing stuff back in, but I fear Sony/HG will come out with ""Extraordinary DLC content"" that'll cost some (many?) dollars. If they do that I'm never coming back to this game, or Hello Games, or Sony for that matter."
,Not Recommended,275850,25221700,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Palden1710,Severe mis-advertisement of this game is going to lead to a huge class-action suit against the company. There is no way with all the disgruntled consumers for this game that Hello Games is going to stay in buisness in the next coming few years
76561198024954178,Not Recommended,275850,25222158,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,JashDCG,Unfortunately I can not reccomend this game in its current state. For $20-40 sure. Has a lot of unrealized potential.
,Not Recommended,275850,25230860,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,gleenk,"After 30 hours gameplay, and 15 doing the same things, i'm bored. Really bored, i can't do anything different than collecting 10 chemical elements and jumping on other solar system. Nothing else. Really guys, nothing else. Sadly, that could be a great game. But it's not."
,Not Recommended,275850,25230917,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Groundhog,The game in no way matches what was advertised and is a glitchy unplayable mess. No patches or experimental branches have helped with the problem even when playing on a Asus RoG series laptop that should be able to handle it fine. The game was promised to us to have features and content that just isnt present in the game even the screenshots and trailers are filled with lies.
76561197987553984,Not Recommended,275850,25222240,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,NotoriousNadZ,"I understand what they were going for with this game and it would've been great if they pulled it off.  Unfortunately what they have made is a game that has only about 1/3 of the features promised that runs like crap on your pc.  After many hours of going to the next planet to find something interesting I have quit playing this game.  There is nothing to find on the next planet because it's the same as all the other planets.  This game has huge scope and litte variety.  If you like crafting play Minecraft, if you want a space sim try Elite Dangerous or Star Citizen.  If you want both find another game cuz this isn't it."
76561197970540653,Not Recommended,275850,25222212,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,RellikZephyr,Really fun for the first few hours...but not AT ALL the game that was promised (not hyped but promised)
,Not Recommended,275850,25230800,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Mike,Gotta check out videos online to see more about the game - promo materials above and promo pictures are nowhere near reality.
,Not Recommended,275850,24984185,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Alpha Daddy,"Fueled by lies and now it's an inferno of shame. Much content was cut or not even developed. The game feels shallow, empty, and quickly becomes tedious. So much hope for it, but the devs did not deliver on much of content that would make it amazing. Refunding. I may purchase again one day if they actually deliver on what they promised in all the pre-release screenshots, video, etc.Edit: Couldn't get my refund because I spent too long in the game. Spent too long finding out it was missing core content. Sadness."
76561198089019172,Not Recommended,275850,25492499,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,GamerGoat,"Way too repetitive, boring, no content... I kept playing to see what is in the center but then i realized i had all the fuel i needed. So all i had to do was to warp jump see a 30-40 second loading screen masquarading as a hip wow this is warp speed animation over and over. The trailers and some of the screenshots here on steam are not actual gameplay footage."
,Not Recommended,275850,25268577,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,ClownPrinceUK,"I got this game because I thought it was going to be fun, instead it is built on lies and the developers do not care for the consumer's opinions. Check their social media posts and you will see nothing that addresses the issues such as why we were told time and time again that the game was multiplayer but the chances of seeing someone was slim, yet people have gone to the same planet in the same system and even stood on the same spot and cannot see each other.Furthermore it was said that when you discovered one of it's many creatures you could name them and that name would stay indefinately. That's rubbish, the names are wiped. The UI seen in the videos on the store page is not what the game shows you either. It's all faked.So don't do what I did and buy yourself this for your birthday and then feel let down because you fell for the lies and b/s. Wait for a more deserving game to come out and then come see what other steam users think of it."
,Not Recommended,275850,25563709,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Jandom,Lacked everything it needed to be a decent game.Do not buy this game at least untill they add something thats worth it for you3/10 (in current state)
,Not Recommended,275850,25184136,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,NeoKuro,"For the first hour or two the game can be interesting. Seeing a variety of different creatures, planets and such. However after that the game is boring. Repetative. Dull. Featureless.You find yourself jumping to a new system. Looking around a planet exploring as you see new lifeforms which begin to look all the same after a few systems. Exploring various points of interest such as outposts, monoliths, trade centres etc which are all identical to each other across all systems.All the stations are the same on the inside. You can barely understand what the aliens are saying, and they give you the same puzzles to solve...ultimately, the game has no depth to it and quickly grows old.I do not recommend buying this game, spend the £40 on something else more worth it. Like paint."
,Not Recommended,275850,25391698,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Yami Yugi,"Well I enjoyed this game to start off. Every review I read said this game was a huge lie and failed to deliver. I ignored this point until I got to about 8-9 hours into the game. So much that was promised was left out of the game and my refund request wes declined. I am so disappointed, this was meant to be an amazing title.EDITED:Following the new foundation update, I thought i'd give it another crack.It's quite an improvement and adds a bit more to do and accomplish now. Now that I know the Devs are trying to make this game right, I am actually looking forward to see how the game grows.For now, I dont recommend this game for people who dont have it just yet, but for those who do, reinstall it and have a go.EDIT: (13/12/2016)The devs are alive and are trying to make good of this game. It's as if they are finally getting to finish the game they intended to create, without the hassle from Sony. I may end up recommending this game soon enough."
76561198231530612,Not Recommended,275850,25281331,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Blueliger2,Dont even think about it. You will be let down.
,Not Recommended,275850,25965952,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Rolf,Sean Murray's money grab
76561198055438209,Not Recommended,275850,25243167,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Rainbowhawk1993,"It keeps the promise of 18 Quintilian planets. But that's about all it does. Compared to it's competition, particularly Elite Dangerous, it lacks any real motivation or sense of immersion on top of design flaws and broken promises.-All ships feel the same. The only differences are inventory slots that can't be expanded.-Technology upgrades interfere with inventory and many upgrades are pointless and just take up space.-Inventory and crafting is cumbersome.-Money has no real function other than buying newmultitools and ships which get super expensive.-3 factions that do not vie for control. (No Role-playing)-Tedious mining with no real good payoff.-Exploration and discovery doesn't feel significant when there is no in-game factions that make your discoveries feel acknoloaged.-No easy back-tracking to previously discovered systems.-Even though I wasn't expecting multiplayer, it was proven false even though it was said to be possible.-UI is annoying.-No real sense of role playing like Elite Dangerous (Explorer, Trucker, Fighter) Instead you're an explorer who can fight for no real reward and hull poorly stacked cargo around the universe.I don't have time to go into deeper details so I'll leave it here.All in all, No Man's Sky is not bad at all. Not by a long shot. All the Planets are unique and fun to discover and explore. But with all the shortcomings, it's a major disappointment of false advertising that is not worth $60.To quote almost every reviewer of this game. ""As wide as an ocean, but as deep as a puddle.""I'd say wait until major updates and they decreased the price down to $20-$25. Use that $60 to buy Elite Dangerous and it's Season Pass instead."
76561198087530744,Not Recommended,275850,25985054,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Macedonica,"Well, I've never written a Steam review before but this game has made me come out and give up my tuppence's worth. You have to understand this game and the illusion it weaves before deciding to buy it.The game sells you the idea of an endless galaxy/universe populated with an almost limitless number of fully-explorable planets. You aim is to reach the centre of the galaxy and discover what lies there. This sounds fantastic but it is a con. This is a procedurally-generated sandbox of infinitly repeating assets shambled about in a vague simulation of a galaxy. What you actually get is a system populated by a small number of planets re-utilising the same assets over and over again.There is no real sense of a galaxy in any stellar sense. All of the planets are essentially the same but with slightly different variables in terms of landmass, colour palette, radiation and environmental factors. You will always find bases and mining resources and beacons and so on within a minute's flying time. All the same. Endlessly repeated. There is no galaxy scale model with nebulae or black spaces or spiral arms, etc. You are always basically 'jumping' into the same simulated solar system.As for game-play, forget it. If you enjoy mining to upgrade to mine better to upgrade better - and then start all over again ad infitum then  you may enjoy this - otherwise, stay clear.This is a demo for what a procedurally-generated game can do. No more. It is layered over with a slightly existential narrative which proports to lure you into questions of creation and exploration - but that too is nothing but a con designed to distract you from the essentail hollowness of the playing experience.Do not buy but wait until it is on a LOW sale - and then pick it up as an oddity. Nothing more."
,Not Recommended,275850,25985865,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Nazaryn,"Okay, so.. open your wallet, and take out $60. You know, three crisp, $20 Jacksons.Think about all the things you could buy with that $60. Think about it for about... 40 hours.Now, walk over to your fireplace, and throw it into the fire.Shout: ""I made it to the center! Yeah!""Congratulations, you've beaten No Man's Sky.What an absolutely mindblowing experience that was. We're all glad we did that."
,Not Recommended,275850,25180988,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Redspidr,"Initially the game got some bad reviews or PS4, but the developer came out and resured us that the game is better than that, and patches would spruce up some of the finer points. After canceling my preorder, I re-preorded and got the nice ship and all. After a few hours I quickly learned that I was bamboozled and the game was just as bad as everyone said. Repetative, boring and pointless. Everything feels pointless. Everything is the same. This is a very bad game."
,Not Recommended,275850,25014871,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Anck,I did everything that was possible in this game to see for 84 hours. cuz I believed that I can discover something new. Yeh I'm the stupid one to believe there would be something more.
76561198144026913,Not Recommended,275850,25583934,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Sterben,No mans Lie
,Not Recommended,275850,25392853,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Akrium,"Classic ""Bait and switch"" and you won't get your money back if you play the game at all to learn why it's a bait and switch. You will use up too much time.No multiplayNo meaningful craftingNo meaningful spaceship choicesNo meaningful relations with the few alien racesNo meaningful space combatNo meaningful naming of beasts, plants, planets, star systems... as there is no universal codex for us all to share between each other.. it's just yours to see and not even browse because that's bugged for each planet.What you get... a giant sandbox with a horrible story and a horrible finish. Which if you accidently skip getting the atlas quest line started, good luck getting back into it unless you randomly find another place to pick up from. Because god forbid you have both options from the start instead of only choosing one.All in all... if the game was 30 dollars I'd probably be happy. But there are games like Subnautica that blows NMS out of the water for less than even that sadly.Do NOT suggest ever buying this game. Even on sale.. as ethically the company lied to us even just before release. I will NEVER buy another game from this company because of the ""Bait and Switch"" tactics they pulled on this game. It's a massive shame that Steam is still selling this game."
,Not Recommended,275850,25604940,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Fortisq,"I'm reminded of all those analogies about eating a steak you didn't like and returning it people were making a month ago. However, I've always had a different take on it.It's more like going to a restaurant that advertised the best steak in the city. Only, in this resturant, you pay upfront. You order their ""famous"" advertised steak, only to get something that looks like it came out of a TV dinner box. You eat a piece of it, trying to give it the benefit of the doubt. After all, they said it was the best selling steak and everyone in the city bought one. As your chewing it, you can start to tell, it clearly isn't the best, but it isn't the worst either. You tell the waiter, let him know that this steak isn't as amazing as advertised, and maybe he mixed up your order. He assures you the kitchen will fix it, and will bring you a new steak. Now, you're sitting in this restaurant, starving, waiting for the ""best steak in the city"", while the steak you ordered sits in front of you, getting cold. You wait and wait, and hours go by. Your waiter said he'd be right back, with a new steak, but that was hours ago, and it seems like the restaurant cleared out. You're still starving, so you continue to begrudging eat the steak you were served. It's far from the best steak, it doesn't even taste good at this point. But, it's the steak you were served, and you're hungry. You look around and ask for the staff, but no one is there. What can you do? At what point can you go look for the waiter? How long is too long to wait for what was ""promised""? You already bought the steak, and you're hungry. Do you leave the steak behind entirely and find a new restaurant? Do you keep eating, just so you can feel full, as if you got your moneys worth? Do you demand a refunded? This steak is clearly not what they advertised. How do you even go about doing that? It almost seems like the entire staff disappeared. The longer you wait for the waiter that doesn't show up, the more frustrated you get with the mediocre steak you received.Other restaurants you've been to have had their faults too. But their waiters always seem to come back. They tell you things like ""sorry, the kitchen messed up"" or ""your food will be ready in 10 minutes"". They sometimes will even let you sample a dish you aren't sure about. This is the first time you've felt neglected at a restaurant. Sure, maybe you are feeling entitled, needing to know every detail about your meal. But compared to other restaurants, when they make it seem so easy, you can't help but feel like you've been cheated."
76561198064480250,Not Recommended,275850,26337887,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,EXdevil,"I find this interesting, you see, dayz, it's sort of like no man's sky, but I want to point out the only difference, the devs know they ♥♥♥♥ed up, but at least, they still update their game."
76561198045212330,Not Recommended,275850,26416078,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Bobuldog,"This is the worst game purchase I have ever made in my life.  I requested a refund well after the deadline to do so, just so that I could receive acknowledgment from Steam that this game is a hot piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥  The developer was a bold faced liar in interviews and hype before this game released.  There are consumers that spend lots of money on games, because they are enthusiasts and want to support the industry.  What happened on this game should be publicized and Action Games should be sued in a class action lawsuit for those that have not received refunds.  Steam changed its policy regarding screenshots because of this specfiic game.  There is no reason to engage in this game, as it is more mental masturbation and meaningless grinding than I have ever seen in a game.  Ever."
76561198199901119,Not Recommended,275850,25804661,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Jish,"This game is the definition of false advertising. In the trailers, there planets that varied in climate based on their distance to their star. There were desert planets near the stars. In one of the trailers, an enormous wormlike creature slithered along the surface of a desert planet. In the trailers, you could fly as close to the surface of a planet as you wanted. There were enormous crashed freighters on the surfaces of planets. We were told there would be planetary physics, in atmosphere combat, and, most importantly of all, multiplayer. Sean Murray tried to get people to never realize that multiplayer is absent by constantly stating that it's there, but you have almost no chance of finding someone. People 'found' each other on the first day that the game released, but they couldn't even see each other. I tried to like this game, but it got repetitive far too quickly. I kept playing thinking that there would be a great reward at the center of the galaxy, but after a friend reached the center and I learned of what happened there (which, by the way, is EXTREMELY disappointing) I couldn't bring myself to play anymore. It became a chore. This game is in no way worth $60. This was one of the most disappointing purchases that I've made in my entire life."
76561197988851861,Not Recommended,275850,25284068,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Invader808,"(One Mans Lie) A short review to match the game content this game was fun for 3 hours then after that point a complete waste of time they made a game where as you would have to exceed the 2 hours of play time that steam give as a refund time frame .All in all a well thought out scam by Hello Games and backed up by steam 2 hour rule, question is should you buy this game well lets see what can you do with this game ill list them below.1 Discover new planets2 Mine and grind for credits3 Learn Alien Words4 Upgrade your ship5 Upgrade your space suit6 Upgrade your Gun7 have some rather simple space fights8 Take pictures of alien life forms + Upload the screen shotsNow Repeat again and again and again and again most of the above with no story to this game and lies of how you need to get to the centre of the unverse because theres better planets there but mostly to try and complete the game like there was a reason to keep repeating most of above.100% best computer game scam of 2016 backed by 2 hour refund steam rule which to be fair in this case you could never really tell how good or bad this game might be in 2 hours unlike some games you buy and can tell with in 1 hour of playing them.The sad part about this game is the possibilitys of this game where HUGH  20% i would give this game.Oh if this game is on your wish list please re-think on that"
76561197973275717,Not Recommended,275850,25312226,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Captain Drumpf,"Hello games made some very misleading statements as to the features of this game. Stupid me believed them. This game is such a huge disappointment, allow me to list some of the reasons why:-At $60, you expect a completed and fully developed game. GTA V, for example, would fit this bill.  NMS is clearly no where close to be a compelted title, and lacks any sort of depth that one would come to expect in gamess made after 1990.-There's no multiplayer, contrary to what was stated by Hello games.-There's no depth to the game. It's all grinding materials to upgrade your ship, grinding for materials to sell to buy a larger ship, and grinding for materials to power the engine, so that you can grind for materials. Ugh.-The 'procedurally generated worlds are all most identical, with the exception of the color palets. There's probably 5-6 actual unique planet types, and the rest of the variation is in color.-The animals look like Spore rejects.-I purchased Subnautica, a greenlight title, for $14.99, and have been extremely happy with it. It's far more complete than NMS, looks better.I'm so disappointed how the NMS release went down, and Steam's lack of refund. For the love of god, don't buy this game. It might be worth torrenting to see how bad it really is, but only if you have unlimted data, not worth it otherwise."
76561198125153616,Not Recommended,275850,25161653,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Viktor Vaughn,"Waited a long time for this game. When they said it was going to be a ps4 exclusive I bought a ps4 so I could play this game. When news came for a pc release I was super pumped. Then the game came out...Don't waste your money on this game. After 50 hours I can safely say everything is the same no matter where you go.Sean LIED. Sold us an indie alpha at AAA price. Never give Hello Games a cent of your money EVER!Still haven't seen a river, ringed planet, or desert.Subnautica. Go but it. Way better.Or Pulsar: lost colony, or Rodina"
76561198043419920,Not Recommended,275850,25508354,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Praxdra,"Waw Amazing Game,I was travelling from system to system .....Very nice trip .....until I reached refund system,super loot = 60 $ back"
,Not Recommended,275850,26297849,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Arengorth,No Mans Lie
76561198006219586,Not Recommended,275850,24977695,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Washcloth Repairman,Get it on sale. So not worth $60.
76561198009164551,Not Recommended,275850,24975614,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,[DFA] Ender,"So, here we go, (there will be spoilers in this review). As a PC only gamer, I usually try to ignore articles and adverts for console games. Not because I hate consoles, but because I don't want to get sucked in to buying a console that I just can't afford. This game was one of those games, even after I heard that it was coming out on PC, I still resisted. Finally, the hype was everywhere, I couldn't not see it. I watch a video, I read some articles, you know, I tried to do my homework. It LOOKED like a fun game. A universe with all this planets to explore, strange creatures to see, ships to buy. So I bought it, paid full price as there was no one even offering a dicount. I'm 20 hours in now, I bought a big ship, I upgraded my exosuit, visited the first Atlas Base...aaaaaaand I really don't have any desire to play anymore. Oh I probably will, but not right away. I love open ended games, I've played a lot of Minecraft, and you need a goal in those types of games. The difference is, you choose your goals instead of the game choosing them for you. I'm going to build a base that looks like the Taj Mahal, or I want to produce and store tons of power etc etc. No Man's sky doesn't have that pull, that gravity. I've explored every planet in every system I've gone through, I've completely explored one planet. But the more planets I went to, the more it started to dawn on me, these planets are all the same. Sure they look different, but they are all the same. The same 6 or 7 building types are on every planet, some more or less than others. But it's a depressing thought, a universe full of the same things. I can only imagine the code behind the procedural planets and lifeforms wasn't easy to write, but it's like they did it, and then didn't check their work. I've seen buildings underwater that it's obvious they shouldn't be underwater, as there is fluid port on the outside flowing into...water.There are just some things that don't make sense, like how all the planets are so close together, how they don't really vary in size, how almost everyone of them has life. How you start with a basic exosuit, and to upgrade your suit you have to use inventory space to do it...you have to find places to buy new slots on a planet. This took me many systems. We are able to flit from system to system, but I have to keep feeding all of these systems that are keeping me alive, the technology doesn't exist, to automatically take resources from my inventory. Shields go down during space combat? Is there even a hotkeys to automatically refill shields? Nope, better hope you don't get destroyed while you go into your inventory and reload your shields. Want to fly low to the ground? Can't. Want to have smooth control of flight in space? Better hope your wrists can withstand all the side scrolling you are going to be doing. You can't even stop flying in space! You are either going forward or backward. If you accidently hit ""e"" while flying, no way to cancel that landing. No hovering on a planet either unless you are landing.This could've been a good game, the foundation was there, but it's like they closed their eyes and threw their hands up before the game was done and said sell it. It just doesn't have any polish. The thrill of being the first person to find a planet or a system fades quickly, when you realize the chances of anyone ever seeing it, could be remote.Performance wise, for having pretty low system requirements, there are some serious lag issues and hangups. Crashing, artifacts, visual lag, and the game seems to be a processor hog. I'm not going to say do or don't buy this game, but maybe wait until it's less than 60 bucks. For an indie title to be that much, should have been a red flag to me."
76561197977393527,Not Recommended,275850,25248401,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,invaderluj,This game could have been great if it had been accurately represented by both the messaging going to release and the gameplay trailers and features list given at launch.  NMS is missing features that are shown on this very page and it will take youMORE THAN 2 HOURSto find out.BUYERS BEWARE!
76561198072847896,Not Recommended,275850,25233107,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Autism Spinner,"The game falsely advertises for multiplayer, and multiple otherthings. The devs say that there is a compelling story which there isnt. The survival mechanics feel clunky, gameplay is boring and the story is the most dull think ever. I didn't even expect much from this game and im still disapointed. Both shooting with a gun and dog fighting feels bad and is extremely repetive. By far the worst game i have ever played and bought. The devs lie about most things in there game, the game frequently crashes and cant even run well on my PC. Nothing justifies the price whatsoever, i came in with zero expectations and still got disapointed."
,Not Recommended,275850,25090475,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,ELF1N,"60 dollars for alpha version, welcome to 2k16..."
,Not Recommended,275850,25090498,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,TheAverageSteve,LIES AND DISSAPOINTMENT!
76561198090241629,Not Recommended,275850,25008195,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,杰洛士,"Highest expection,Worst gaming experience!The biggest swindle of 2016放你妈的血！"
,Not Recommended,275850,24857092,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Romeo Jones,don't fall for the hype! there are only two things to do in this game; shooting rocks and flowers and going to the center of the universe. and i can guarantee that there wont be anything remotely worth while at the center.bare bones piece of junk! hopefully my refund will go though and i can forget about this horrible experience.
76561198047423232,Not Recommended,275850,24955140,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,(+CG+) BigWitz,"No Man's Sky is anOcean-sized Puddle.Looks massive from the surface, but turns out to be shallow.I can't put it any better than that."
,Not Recommended,275850,25199525,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Lantay77,=(
76561197991606066,Not Recommended,275850,25795274,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,tdrave,Lets say i have played that game so far a long time ended the atlas path and having maxed out inventory space.Its funny because every time i play that game i have a pain in my stomach because i see the potential wasted.Every time i land on a planet I imagine that i can totaly control my star ships i can landed it myself like space engineer.Every time i warp i imagine having a malfunction on the hyperdrive engine that force me to stop somewhere where i hit an asteroid that criticaly damage shield system that over charge the engine.Engine stop working emergency booster stop the ship.I am in space lost with a damaged starship and i open the cockpit and star repairing the ship with mininal repair.I fix the engine partialy i can land on a planet or space station to make full repair.I managed to find why the Hyperdrive malfunctionned it was the cheap hyperdrive upgrade that i buyed.THAT what this game should have been a fully customizable starship with Operational system etc..Anyway its just a dream because it will never happen so let that game be a lesson for us player DONT EVER PRE ORDER A GAME ANYMORE BASED ON HYPED TRAILER HYPED LIESI am not angry or hate the game its just the potential wasted that♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.
,Not Recommended,275850,25221612,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,zerox102,"Procedurally generated disappointments.Procedurally generated lies.Procedurally generated regrets.The only thing Sean Murray did not lie about was when asked the question ""Can you grief other players?"", he responded ""A little bit.""There will be a lot of grief for anyone who paid €60 for this game, so a little bit is an understatement!"
76561198041979653,Not Recommended,275850,25245923,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Flonnezilla,Pros:-Developer is great at false advertisingCons:-Can't land on asteroids-Can't destroy space stations-No large-scale space battles between factions-Can't play with friendsSpend your hard earned money elsewhere.
76561198045950199,Not Recommended,275850,25239120,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Double Coffee,"This game came with almost nothing advertised by the company. You can play it and actually enjoy it for about 2-6 hours then realise there isnt anymore fun, its just grinding. The center of the galaxy isnt what you will be expecting. Do Not Buy."
76561198006777709,Not Recommended,275850,25239131,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Shidomaru,I rather would play a cookie clicker clone than play this piece of lying garbage.I really had my hopes up.Note to myself: Never preorder a game that has a huge hype train.
76561198261119488,Not Recommended,275850,25239124,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Kazuhira,"It was a trap. Its a trap.Shouldve of known it was too good to be true.how could a single math formula create the life it was talking about.it cant. this was a cash grab pure and simple and the marketing aspect was flawlessif you like repetitveness, then your solid with this gameotherwise you'll be asking for a refund just like i will"
76561198021949380,Not Recommended,275850,25103101,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Cpt. Gun,"the game on release is missing alot to do; yes you can explore planets but after 2 or 3 you see thast they are all about the same. Not much different, barren lands, water covered planets, ""lego"" peiced together animals and the same npc's, who by the way don't move.the combat.... is bare bones, shoo the robots and take face tank the damage. space combat is point at/ near the enemy ship and shoot and recharge your shields when it dropps.the end of the game is just starting all over and do it again.all in all don't buy it unless it is sold for a very cheap price or they start adding in things taht they promised. Or juts things to do besides walk around and explore the same stuff over and over."
,Not Recommended,275850,25238316,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Soul_Machine,This game was not was was presented to us over the last few years. It may become that over the next few years but it is not worth the money to purchase today.
,Not Recommended,275850,25130459,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Fleshmeister,"Repetitive, felt like a chore, no reason to learn new words etc.Gets really boring after a couple of hours, ""Special"" people may like it.Refunded the steamversion."
76561198014828899,Not Recommended,275850,25224962,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,FekalStorm,"This is the best example of false advertising in video-game history, I've seen infomercials and spam mails that were more ♥♥♥♥ing honest than NMS's hype campaign. Less than 10% of the promised content was delivered, this is an indie game in alpha development at the price of a triple A title.The game's ""story mode"" is easily finished within a couple of hours and revolves around mindlessly grinding identical items in a repetitive fashion, such as all the rest of stuff you do in the game. No open choices, no interaction with other characters, no true story, no differences among NPC'S and sitings on different planets, and so on. FFS, it's not even worth it to ""finish"" the game. If you reach or see the ending it is the perfect example on how this release isn't even half baked. The ending is spoiler-imune since it consists of literally NOTHING.Even the procedurally generated planets are extremely similar between eachother, and there is nothing at all to do on them besides wondering around with no purpose beyond looking at stuff and farming fuel... I really tried to like this game, but it's imposible given it is an absolute rip-off. At it's actual state it's worth 15 or 20 bucks, no more."
76561198172315233,Not Recommended,275850,25233036,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Chentheasian,this game is bad
,Not Recommended,275850,25075292,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,GladiatR,Nothing to do but grind in order to go to another planet.. to grind more.
76561198008156328,Not Recommended,275850,25224977,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Rule 34,Save your money from some better gameFalse advertisement was at play
76561198035686344,Not Recommended,275850,25243750,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,bbolser1,"This game is the biggest disapointment I have ever had with any game. The devs flat out lied about the game and its content throughout development and up until the game was launched. There is no ""game"" to speak of, there is no multiplayer, the size and scope of the game has been completely over promised, and it runs like garbage. I wanted to love this game, I still want to love this game, but it is clearly apparent that it was a blatent farce designed to make a small games studio very rich on the backs of a lot of lies. Goodbye Hello Games, I will never purchase another title from your studio in 18 quintillion years (or like 255 years in actual people time)."
,Not Recommended,275850,26364851,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Sprout,Worst lie of the 21st centery.We all deserve a ♥♥♥♥ing refund.
76561198025603122,Not Recommended,275850,25066193,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,CptHwdy1984,"This game is not finished. Features that were shown in press videos are not in the game, more feature were cut from the game then were left in.   There is no point in naming or getting attached to planets since it is bordering on impossible to find your way back.   There are several mechanics like the upgrades chaining together if they are installed next to each other that are never covered in any tutorials.   On top of all of this the game is very shallow.   You can unlock all the upgrades, learn all the languages and max out your ship by visiting 3 systems.   3 different systems and around 30 hours will show you all this game has to offer.   Best review of this game I have read is that it is only a tech demo, someone will make a great game on top of this world generation tech but No Man's Sky is not that game and isn't worth the $60"
,Not Recommended,275850,25175311,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,J BRO,Feels like a $60 alpha acces game.
,Not Recommended,275850,25124043,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,ShadyMc25,"You just do the same thing over and over again. Pretty bad game, but great screen saver..."
76561198040373749,Not Recommended,275850,25259284,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,DJHAWKB,The first two hours may be full of wonder but after you hit the 3 hour mark and maybe even earlier you get tired of it so quick. Heck the most exciting thing is learning words but it gets so repetitive that I hate it. I hope steam will let me get a refund because I played more than 2 hours but it took that long for the rose colored glasses to go away.
76561198107795396,Not Recommended,275850,25242031,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Yellow,"It was very fun at first, exxploring what No Man's sky has to offer. However, it gets VERY repetative, and begins to get boring. I don't think this game is worth anywhere near $60."
76561198028095555,Not Recommended,275850,25242018,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Caexis,I will not recommend this game - The price is a rip off for such repetitive and boring game.
,Not Recommended,275850,25110838,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,detected,"Dont buy this game just base on information on internet.Developer lies about the game content .For instance,there is no two warring faction,you cant join it, you cant take sides.There are more lies , just google it to see themI should be able to refund game, as I made my buying decision base on developers' lie in the interviews."
,Not Recommended,275850,25591980,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,schnelle,Terrible game. Could not get above 15 fps unless I used a third party shader pack that made the game look terrible.
76561197983722079,Not Recommended,275850,25096560,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,digitalruss87,"I was bamboozled to pre-order No Man's Sky with the ship upgrade incentive. This game is as fun as driving in a minivan through the Mojave Desert with your Aunt with Asperger's who incessantly reminds you of your fuel and temperature levels.Yes, I saw the jackrabbit. No, I’m not going to take another picture of it for Instagram. I should’ve flown Southwest and I should’ve bought a different game.Thanks, Sean Murray. You’re a saint."
,Not Recommended,275850,25591922,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Loot Addict,"I bought this game, and refunded it within 45 minutes of play.  Absolutely the most BORING game ive ever played.  I will also say the graphics look absolutely terrible, and im running the latest and greatest hardware."
76561198053608813,Not Recommended,275850,25129405,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Lep1337,"Miserable game... As wide as an ocean, as shallow as a puddle. Do not purchase."
76561197970256892,Not Recommended,275850,25133479,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,ExKalibr,"it pains me to say this sine I love space games and root for indie games but this game is at best a RNG tech demo and at worst a blatant lie and greed driven marketing.First 2-3 hours are fun, you will find it cool and amazing since you are constantly discovering new things. Then slowly you will see the repeating themes and mechanics behind it and start to wonder if you have been fooled.So you leave the first start system after 8 hours of naming things and grinding rocks and realize the next one is the same. If you pre-ordered you already replaced your ship that was supposed to be somehow better with the next random find and realize it was worthless.You kill some spaceships and hope for something but nothing happens. You upgrade stuff and barely feel it. You have to endlessly grind the same materials over and over and manage your tiny inventory.THen it sets in, you paid $60 dollars for a tech demo that constantly RNGs its graphical objects with absolutely now evolution of gameplay, challenge, puzzles, secrets, NPCs, buildings, space stations or anything else you have ever seen.There is no reward loop, no progress, no meaningful anything except seeing which animal and plant parts the RNG stitched together this time around.I would get mad but its my fault. I bought the hype, I preordered, it sucks, im a sucker.This game is worth 14.99 in the summer sale and maybe 19.99 if you hate yourself and want to just waste enormous amounts of time on no tangible progress, story or fun."
,Not Recommended,275850,25129824,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Evanenites,"Such a disappointment, if you want to feel despair play this."
76561198122714111,Not Recommended,275850,25130627,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,123340572,total carp.
,Not Recommended,275850,25407784,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,CalinDirth,"Absolute garbage.  Does not, in so many ways, meet the product description.It fails to meet the gameplay footage as shown both on steam and during the dev blogs.I have invested ~18 hours in attempting to find the features described - they clearly dont exist.I have thus requested a refund as the product has major flaws and does not meet what is described.  Its utterly fraudulent.  The refund has been denied.For what its worth I have submitted an official complaint surrounding the fraudulent presentation and Steam's failure to obide by Australian Consumer Law in providing refunds for products that do not perform as described: ""ACCC-Complain: 81244"""
,Not Recommended,275850,25314271,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Oatvin,"They posted bogus screenshots to hype the game.  They made it seem like the game would get better if you played longer. It didn't. Once you realize it, it is too late for a refund.  I wish steam would come down on them for this but it doesn't seem like they will.  Shameful."
,Not Recommended,275850,25584954,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Whobrey,"I won't lie, I have 6.4 hours of content gameplay in No Man's Sky, not exciting, enjoyable, or really any emotion, just content. But then again, I've always achieved more joy/satisfaction from creating & discovering in video games than most of the populous. That still doesn't mean I'd recommend No Man's Sky.I would have refunded with the rest of humanity, if I hadn’t completely forgotten that refunds existed while playing for the first time. I was so excited to finally be playing after hearing all of these amazing things I could do in this game, that I didn't even bother reading reviews. I didn't bother reading anything about the PS4 release all 3 days it was out before. I think it's because I was honestly the most excited I've ever been for a video game to release.I won't go into details about all the promises I was given & didn't receive (if you want more info on that, just Google ""No Man's Sky"", you'll find plenty of info, I'm sure)I don't support any purchase of this game nor do I support any developer associated with this game.Don't buy No Man's Sky. These guys don't deserve a single dime for what they've done, in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,275850,25582106,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Catroast,"I was a victim of the hype-train. There. I said it. And I'm letting you go, Hello Games. With that admission, I complete my cycle of grief and I perma-delete this game from my library.With grief comes denial, anger, resentment, bargaining, and finally letting go.With almost 120 hours logged on No Man's Sky, I denied there was a problem. I flew around completing the monotonous tasks and idiotic conversations with 1-dimensional beings. I ignored the bad news that kept coming from the fans. And yet, I never made it to the center of the galaxy. I spent so much time exploring most planets. Even on the hottest of them, looking back, it was all cold and empty.Anger: When I finally admitted that I had been scammed and my sucker-for-shiny-spaceships inner child got stabbed in the face, I got angry. I uninstalled No Man's Sky and I wrote a searing castigation to Hello Games. In this letter that I never sent, I really let them have it. *nods in self-approval* (pathetic, no?)Resentment. This company made the biggest splash and had the most compelling E3(?) vid that a starving Sci-fi genre lapped up in hungry... uh... laps. When the veil parted and I saw the game as it truly stood, and after the burning sore on my soul spent its last embers fueling my hatred of Sean Murray, who wooed me and threw me away, I just sat there, with nothing but my resentment boxers on.Then I bargained. I shouldn't have pre-ordered. I would never pre-order again! I should have been wary of the amazing things in E3 vid! I would never be taken by a slick confidence display again! Of course, I'm probably going to get suckered again. That's why old people can be so bitter and skeptical: they get conned all their lives. And as I have these fizzling last thoughts, I come to acceptance and letting go.Like a really good date, that turned into a keyed car, feces left in the mailbox, hysterical, ranting voicemails, and sextings reposted to Facebook, the only thing left to do is cut and run; you have to change the number and move, delete everything, and hope he goes away. That's you, Sean Murray. You're that guy and I have to erase you from my life. Good-bye, Hello Games."
76561198139947701,Not Recommended,275850,25160807,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Troy,This game sucks.... should be called No Mans Lies
76561197982351662,Not Recommended,275850,25158232,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Clop,"Very dissappointed in this game like many others are. It just doesn't have enough diversity in gameplay, gather 12 types of minerals to get bigger ships so you can store more minerals.You can also upgrade your weapons a lot BUT you won't be facing anything that you can't kill with you first weapon easily. So overall EASY game, nothing is dangerous.Second part is that all planets looks and feels the same. There is small differences, this planet had a crab with eight legs instead of six, same types of buildings are on every planet with the same things inside. Interior in all building looks the same on every planet. After spending 13h of my time on this game i would like my money back because this game is just a big place with no content.LAST OF ALL! REMOVE THE TRAILERS!! The game does not look like that!!"
76561198110703770,Not Recommended,275850,25280640,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,SavageHippy,"Utterly disappointed. That's how I feel with the execution by Hello Games to this game and how steam is handling the refunds. I think everyone knows that Hello Games and Sean Murray are liars. They blatantly lied about many of the games key gameplay features like huge ship battles, more fleshed AI, an actually interesting center of the universe, and so much more. Now let's get to Steam. Everyone should be able to refund the game no matter the play time or time purchased because Hello Games LIED about content that is NOT in the game that they said WOULD BE. That is unacceptable and steam is swallowing their pride. I'm very disappointed in Steam, Hello Games, and Sean Murray. I thought Steam would understand but no. Looks like they can't accept the fact that they sold a game with missing content that was indeed promised. Steam, I WANT MY MONEY BACK! Thumbs up if you are with me."
,Recommended,275850,34213317,Posted: 13 August,all,hooley,"Strong belief that Sony rushed this out the door, looking much better now after being given the time it needed. Price right now is definitely suitable too"
76561198145288902,Not Recommended,275850,25170972,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Immu,12 hours into the game and the refund button no longer works. *sigh*
76561198180256330,Not Recommended,275850,25243181,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,raidenkruger,What a bunch of garbage.I tried forcing myself to play and like this game but this is the biggest waste that money can buy.Do not buy this lying companies game as tehy promise the worlds to you and give you nothing afterwards.The trailsers are very missleading and there is nothing except repeats in the game......Not even close to worth the money we pay for..
76561197962909231,Not Recommended,275850,25108569,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,SmokeyDesperado,"An ok game, if you like just flying about seeing things, but not worth the AAA game price, as ""new"", quickly becomes non-existent, and the game boring after 10 hours or so, when the game is figured out. The main issues is that you explore lots of planets, that seems to have the same 4 templates while you scan the Random generated animals and plants that looks remarkably simelar every time, with the occational exception every 10-15 planet or so. The starmap also, unfortunatly, makes the journy feel very generic and liniar, which is an achivement in itself considering the scope of the galaxy. The reality of this game is not exploration, as the dev´s want you to believe, but a long grind on similar looking planets to upgrade your ship and multitool. Ergo, if you like grinding buy it on sale, but expect the feeling of achivement to vanish fairly quickly.As a 20-30$ game i could recommend it, but it is definitely not worth its current pricetag.Bugs encoutered through ca. 30 hours (nothing gamebreaking):- Falling through the world and getting stuck below the map.- Dieing, due to my ship getting stuck in terrain, usualy on floating minerals notes (cobber etc)- Random enemy space encounter spawn the enemy 2-3 hours away, forsing a reload. If your not close enough to a planet to land (cant enter hyper space in combat).- Atacked by invisible creatures. I´m pretty sure the invisibility is unintentional.- Seems to crash when an update is available and the game is open.- Volume options - 0 is 0, 1 is normal, 10 is very high, i have not had the guts to attemt 100.- Borderless mode seems to not allways work and requires computer restart.- Occationaly have issues with terminals not working in colonial outposts.- After destroying a mineral note (terrain) the game occationaly spits you into orbit when taking off."
76561198085533133,Not Recommended,275850,24846584,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Sabrel,So Does anyone know what the real recommended specs are for this game? Because if what steam lists is true i should have no problem running this game and yet i get max 15-20 fps with all the setting/resolution down to the lowest i can possibly get..
76561198117634878,Not Recommended,275850,24846526,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Jodi Arias,"Horrible lag, stutters when turning around even. i5 6600k and 980 nty"
76561198052668228,Not Recommended,275850,25245963,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,EsTosLaToS,"No Man´s Sky, it´s a game witch was hyped like crazy i was gonna enjoy it.... until i played it for real the game bugged the features witch were praised, and i was lokking forward to aren´t in the game. The crashes are frequent and destroyed the whole imersion for the game. Anyone can see that i only played 5 hourse the reason? I couldn´t play it anylonger. I was disapointed with the content with the grafics with the crashes."
,Not Recommended,275850,25246689,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Kuon,"This game has some ground for something, but it's empty and an endless grind."
76561198249426640,Not Recommended,275850,25162798,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,skywz,"loading game 2 hours,nice game :["
76561198045651453,Not Recommended,275850,25095059,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Koda the Kodiak,"Hello games took something that could have been one of the best games out there and continually took out more and more features. What you get is a game where you have to continuously grind away hour after hour in the hopes of reaching some end goal but with no real incentive to go there other than your own curiosity.  Leading up to this games release, I knew it wasnt going to live up to its hype and so I wasnt seriously dissapointed like other people were.  The biggest let down of all though was the continual promise of multiplayer gameplay and its absolute abscense from the game upon release.  If you do end up buying this game and you don't like it, make sure to ask for your money back and make noise about it.  The only way this will change is if enough of us are heard."
76561198168196649,Not Recommended,275850,25216280,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,rjrjrj222,This game is bad on so many levels. And most of those levels are the lies they promised us. The trailers and actual game are so different it is not what I expected from all the info I looked up before the release. Do not bother with this game!
,Not Recommended,275850,25259941,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Severance213,"This game is NOT worth 60 dollars, 15 at best. I have tried to request a refund multiple times because I was jipped of a promised game and was denied! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS GAME! Save it for chocolates for your crush or flowers for your mom or something.♥♥♥♥♥♥man."
76561197998410820,Not Recommended,275850,25233043,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Shishigami,So bad save your money and get rebel galaxy if you want to fly through space or terraria/starbound if you want to mine and build stuff.You won't see other player or their ships and having to refuel every 4th liftoff is just stupid. Nowhere near what it should be. I have 100's of games and this is my only negative review.
,Not Recommended,275850,25189234,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Rofljosh,This game is one of the biggest letdowns in recent memory. There is no reason to explore at all. You will find the same small handfull of buildings and NPCs on every planet and they all have the exact same stuff in them. 90% of the creatures look like something you'd make in Spore after downing a couple of 40s. The landscape of the entire planet is identical to whatever small patch you decided to land on. You will find the same elements everywhere. The entire point of this game is to make your inventory bigger so you can make an incredibly shi**y system slightly less shi**y.So much wasted potential here. It wouldn't be so bad if the marketing wasn't a bold faced lie.
,Not Recommended,275850,25077347,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Jherad,"I just cannot in good conscience recommend anyone buy the game in its current state. The bugs have been pretty horrific, but I'm sure they'll get fixed soon enough - no it's more than than. The game itself is not great.Don't get me wrong - NMS has potential in spades, and the procedural generation system for planets is pretty cool. Still, it's clear that a whole HEAP of promised content and features were cut. Not only that, but some of the stuff in-game is disjointed, and seems to have been designed for an earlier build which didn't materialise.A couple of examples - transmissions: When you uncover a new waypoint you're often told that you've discovered a new point in the stars, or a new planet in the great infinity or whatever. But no, that never actually happens. You just found a factory a couple of clicks away. Also relay towers: Early videos suggested they were used to upload new discoveries. Now they're completely pointless, serving no purpose that isn't already done by other things.Once you get over the initial beauty of some of the planets, you quickly realise that the gameplay itself is incredibly thin, and gets stale within an hour or so. If you've played for a few hours, you've likely seen *everything* the game has to offer. Grind resources, to get more inventory space. That's essentially the game in a nutshell.And of course, last but not least, I don't appreciate being deceived. Whilst I'm not going to say that Hello Games deliberately *lied*, they certainly didn't tell the truth in interviews and marketing material. The videos on this very steam page are *completely* unrepresentative of the game as it was released. We all wish we had THAT game.If the fun (and missing features) get patched in at a later date I may update this review. I'm not holding my breath.Edit: It's been pointed out (quite fairly) that I've played a fair few hours for someone who doesn't recommend the game. I'll add this addendum - if the game cost 20 bucks, I'd probably be giving it a thumbs up, if only as an interesting curiosity. Right now I feel compelled to squeeze any enjoyment that I can out of this overly expensive toy.EDIT: Updating for the 'He took our money and ran' award. ;)"
76561198132861959,Not Recommended,275850,25187929,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,DrFicus,I bought this game thinking it would be the game we were sold on. It was not.
76561198088932049,Not Recommended,275850,25223568,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,backhandgooch,"Hello Games released a title that has as many disappointments in it as there are planets. Hello Games, more like ""Goodbye Games"" because nobody is going to bye another game of theirs.10/10 would tell that joke again"
,Not Recommended,275850,24992695,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Bugs Gunny,"Not reccommended.The game itself is decent - it's not as innovative in comparison to Elite:Dangerous or Space Engineers (both of which I reccommend) - but it's a bit of fun for awhile. Definitely not worth £40, though. I haven't experienced everything this game has to offer. I was looking forward to, but was never able.""Hello Games"" also lied about many features, such as multiplayer (which isn't present *at all*) freighter features, range of planets, ship stats, and the whole idea of factions. And this is only a few of the missing features.I have 6 hours of playtime - in which I got about 3 systems in. The next day, I crash on starting the game everytime. What kind of a developer manages to break their game while fixing it?I tried to contact ""Hello Games"" to get a response - and they gave stupid, automated responses, 3 of them, each leading me to the same ""Common workarounds"" page. Wow, great help.The game still didn't work two weeks later. I tried a final 15th time to get a refund and I did.My advice? Wait until this game is fully fixed or until it's discounted. Doubt I'll ever pre-order again."
76561198065437861,Not Recommended,275850,25006209,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,dylnix,"This game did have lots of expections when released but lived up to only a few this game is rinse and repeat its not worth the $60 i payed to get this. but it can still be improved the devs just need to keep working on it until it reaches most people expections on the game until the i give this game 3/10 ""a game can't fail only the devs can""-Orion Prelude Devs"
,Not Recommended,275850,25686824,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Alpha | Twitch.tv/AlphaKitsun3,So many broken promises
76561198078040400,Not Recommended,275850,25268701,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Man_In_Suitcase,"This game will end up on someone's Top 10's, however not because it's good.It's a half baked abortion."
76561198033012632,Not Recommended,275850,25186643,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,LeRoy,Doesn't have all the features for which is being advertised.
,Not Recommended,275850,25134251,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,surviveeso,This game is quite boring after a few hours of gameplay.  There's literally nothing exciting to do unless you consider seeing the same generic planets 18 billion times fun.  Also missing lot's of features they promised.
76561197963263088,Not Recommended,275850,25152952,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Player,"This is a 20$ game at a 60$ price tag. As many have said, most of the game was  left on the chopping block or was just never actually developed. I wasn't going to buy it, but I was curious how much of the game was actually there. I gave it 20 hours of my time to see if what it offered was at least worth looking at. The game can be fun, from random exploring on the ground or jumping into a new system, but most of it is just annoying and filler. From resources that you already mined reappearing as you get too far away, then vanishing as you get close, to signal scanners sending you to places you've already been, to the repetitive nature of the game itself. I liked the idea of exploring a planet for what it had to offer, and then going to the next, but if you play for more than an hour at a time, each planet will just get boring after about 20-30 minutes from the stated above. The 3 factions have no actual interactions so caring about one side or another during all othe coversations is hard to hold onto.Game is a 3 out of 10. I'll keep it in my library because of they add all the the things they advertised, it would be an awesome game. As it stands though, better to just keep an eye on Star Citizen."
,Not Recommended,275850,25186661,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Fatimus Prime,"So much of this game is missing from the marketing matierals and demos given over the years. After several hours, its no longer fun."
,Not Recommended,275850,25434370,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Spring-Heeled Jack,Steam flat out lied.I DEMAND A REFUND FOR THIS FALSE ADVERTISMENT!!!
76561198145958979,Not Recommended,275850,25162635,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,callarious2000,"I was sooooooo happy to play this game. I preordered for the first(and last) time ever. When it released, I then installed the game. Went to the starting screen...AND IT CRASHED. IT KEPT CRASHING FOR DAYS! I did every single fix they had. Keep in mind, my computer is within the min. specs. Even then, after I saw game play, I knew this truely was No Man's Lie. Returned the game, got Empiron Galactic Survival. Its the REAL No Man's Sky and is a quarter of the price."
76561198031336332,Not Recommended,275850,25407853,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Taelias,Just don't. Okay.
,Not Recommended,275850,25207679,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Ruck,All i wanna say is false advertisment...
,Not Recommended,275850,25218102,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Nick of All Trades,"It was so promising. I was so excited.Then, after several hours, I realized exactly what it was: a procedurally-generated rehash of the same thing over and over and over -- and there was nobody else playing with me with which to share it. There're only so many derpy animals before the joke gets old.The music and sound design is great...until the grinding bleeps and zorps eat your ears hollow. A soundtrack shouldn't sound like the sound effects in the game.And, the killer thing is that there're space police that monitor your every move. Why are they there? To zap you in the butt if you mine too much (until you take cover in a building that's identical to every other building on every other planet)? It kills the sense of lonliness. Oh, you're alone, save for these hovering tardbots...If this is Hello Games' (Instagram filtered) vision of the galaxy, I don't want to play in it."
,Not Recommended,275850,25410345,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,El Stigo,Awful
,Not Recommended,275850,25864035,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,EpicNarwhallord,I want my money back
,Not Recommended,275850,25704816,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Red_Cyberdragon,"Definitely a good game for repetative tasks, but it certainly gets old. Honestly, not a game that's worth it."
,Not Recommended,275850,24853984,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Lyrical,"As of release day, for a game that is 60 USD I am severely dissapointed. The content, oh my goodness, it is amazing! Everything you could have ever wanted out of this game (Minus the promise Sean made about multiplayer and seeing other people, and how he lied through multiple interviews about a feature that hadn't existed, and still doesn't to this day).ANYWAYSDon't get me wrong, it's kind of like, as if a wonderfully talented chef crafted an absolute masterpiece! But he had absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing god-awful common sense and ruined his dish by forgetting to put it on a ♥♥♥♥ING PLATE with SILVERWARE and A ♥♥♥♥ING NAPKIN and as a result this beautiful creation was absolutely ruined and inedible unless you really wanted to drag yourself through the process of eating this great thing off the floor with your hands!Sorry for the extended metaphor, but to summarize: The game is absolutely positively unoptimized, and most of the settings were hastily fastened together for PC users on the spot, and as a result it shows through. I am very surprised that Sean was able to test the game with < 15 FPS. Most, if not everyone I've heard from including myself have had a hard time playing because of this. Furthermore, there are LOOOOOOTS of bugs. Not I'm not a big fan of them, but I can definitely play a game if they aren't that bad. Let me tell you this much: they are bad. Half of the reviews today are people not getting past the ""Initialise..."" screen without crashing.TLDR: Don't buy now, wait until the good reviews gets above a measly 28%"
76561198032734362,Not Recommended,275850,25272423,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,The Long Dirk,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,275850,24966598,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,diddy,Buggiest game in my experience of the 21st century... I'd rather be tuning custom emm386.exe boot floppies than deal with this POS. Wait for this one to go on sale.
76561197975466080,Not Recommended,275850,25252416,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Cowface,18 quintillion disappointments.  A hollow shell.  Takes longer than refund period to complete tutorial so you can see the game.  You're literally marooned.Then you find out it's zapping rocks until you fill up your inventory again.
76561198000292119,Not Recommended,275850,25108630,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Red Tick,Wait for the mod community to fix broken elements of the game and in general make content to enrich the universe. I regret my purchase.
,Not Recommended,275850,25259994,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Bush Wookie,Too much hype
76561198024016198,Not Recommended,275850,25222327,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Tom,"Such a shame, game is not as it was adertised. I hae played 16 hours worth of this game and I won't be able to get them back"
,Not Recommended,275850,25023208,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Arky,"After finally reaching the second galaxy and playing over 100+ hours, I can say I would rather stick my **** in a 60 dollar harlot, I'd likely have had more fun in less time, with less diseases.0/10 Would rather get blown by a Huntington sloot."
,Not Recommended,275850,25225025,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Particle,One Man's Lies
,Not Recommended,275850,24968931,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Kel,"This is an exploration simulator. Its original, has an excellent soundtrack, very good looking and is a very good experience on the whole.However. Game play is shallow in its current state, it is limited and feels pointless and repetitive.There are glaring elements of the game that should have been included such as management of waypoints or some kind of planet mapping system.Still, the game has massive potential and if the game becomes mod-able and the developers produce new content for it, it will be a whole lot better.Im not going to recommend this game at this time. Its so niche and would only appeal to a very small section of the gaming community leaving most dissapointed with what is an excellent attempt to try something new."
,Not Recommended,275850,25061829,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,a pillow gaming,If you want a game where you fly from planet to planet then this is for you if you want to go into war with a planet this is not the game for youin my time playing i descoved 8 planets all contaning like 4 elements and like the random flying bins that kill you then you get as much of the four resorses you can carry to your ship and then go to the next oneetc... I would not have played for 7 hours if I was intrested but I had hope it was going to get better and it did not.
76561197995683610,Not Recommended,275850,24846644,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,๔รﻮ_Shadak,Not playble at the moment.massive performance problems (you need really a titan x to play it...)
,Not Recommended,275850,25139503,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Leveuille,"Just like honest trailer said, NO MAN'S SKY, BIG FAT LIE.I suppose hello games spent more money on marketing rather than the actual game developpement. Still remember all those E3 footage and all those interview with Sean Murray?So i ve just chosen an award for NMS. You know, the one says some people just need a hug. And i need one."
76561198054375336,Not Recommended,275850,25253650,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,asavah,"The game has potential, I actually like it, but it's not worth 60$. Period.Cons:Bugs, tons of them.Lack of content.Repetitive.Too expensive, it should be 15$ max.Pros:Inmersive.The idea behind the game is great, but the implementation is crappy.Don't buy this unless there is an offer for 5$."
,Not Recommended,275850,25156238,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,JasenSensation,"Everyone has already said it all.... This game is no way near worth 60 dollars.In the beginning the first 10 planets looked new and unique and cool and had a bunch of crazy looking creatures and plants. But it was that next planet that you're like ""wow this looks just like the last planet but just a different color. Whoo!"".It might have enough variety to make it interesting for some people, but when the variety is just adding some spikes or a set of legs to make it a fascinating new species, that just isn't enough. I have been searching for over 40 hours for anything that looks like that giant dinosaur, the rhino stomping through the forest, and those sand snake things. They aren't there. I thought that maybe once you get your warp reactor fully upgraded to theta to travel to class O and B planets that i would get to see all of those cool things. Well i can tell you that the first 10 class O and B planets i went to all looked exactly the same as the class G and F.This game is not what those videos and pictures make it look like. It is just an overpriced, over-hyped, indie-made non triple A game. It is a very basic and repetitive grindfest. You mine to upgrade to mine some more to upgrade again to mine some more to make it to the center which is the BIGGEST DISAPPOINTMENT OF ALL.Honestly it was the excitement of exploration and using my own imagination and thinking of all the what ifs that could be out there that kept me playing this game for so long. Despite having a GTX 970 sli i5 4670k setup and installing on an SSD it still ran like garbage. Worse than Arkham Knight at it's launch.It's kinda sad that I almost want to keep playing because a part of me thinks i'll eventually find an awesome planet with huge creatures and amazing looking flora like in the videos because the developers wouldn't lie like that would they?All in all don't buy this game until a sale, that is if you don't mind playing a liar's game. It's not a terrible game if they would have told us exactly what it really was... but i can't stand a company to lie just to trick us into spending 60 bucks. Teaches me to never pre-order a game again."
,Not Recommended,275850,25190544,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,D3viL,All I have to say is false advertisement.Below is a list of things hinted at or promised with the game that are not in the game as of this review.planetary physicsship classes with meaningful differentiationfaction reputation with meaningful gameplay impacthomogenous resource availabilityasteroid landingsspace station and fleet destructionlarge fleetstraveling freighterslarge scale battles the player can joinin-atmosphere battlesNPCs outside trading posts and other docksringed planetssand planetsflying between stars (as opposed to warping via the Galactic interface)complex creature behaviour including environmental interactionriverspoints of interest such as large structures and crashed freightershacking locked doorsradio chatterinteraction with other players
,Not Recommended,275850,25090486,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,PapaRoyal,It saddens me to say that I cannot reccomend the game in the condition it is in now. The gameplay quickly gets mindnumbingly repetitive and the universe feels static and unresponsive.
76561198055382569,Not Recommended,275850,25264734,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Comrade Fluffs,At least the refund feature works.
,Recommended,275850,34217226,Posted: 13 August,all,Tankshell,"Great game to if you like to just explore at your own pace, simple story but that isn't really what this game is about."
76561198037335852,Not Recommended,275850,25163783,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Caboose,"very boring, there is no multiplayer like was promised, very limited options for customizastions, if u want a good survival explorer game, this isnt it. do not buy!"
,Not Recommended,275850,25255827,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,terrybougard,Developer Lied
76561198092340649,Not Recommended,275850,25343939,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,ian,"## 1st ever review, i felt so strongly ##i really wanted to love this game more than i do, dont trust the trailers just yet, it doesnt look anything like that,what i will say is this game still feels like a beta, just not enough things to do yet, definatley released to soon, i will be sticking with it tho, in hope that the updates are HUGE, and they really need to be, to make this a game i will stay with,my advice is wait for base building, wait for more mutiplayer elements ( if any ever happen ) wait for towns, wait for....well anything more than what it is now.every planet is the same...seriously, ok - the enviroment is diferent weather, ground, plants, but the creatures get boring after youv seen loads of stupid looking ones( im still yet to see huge dinosaur looking ones like the trailer ), theres the odd building dotted about ( which all look the same ) thers no mapping system which makes exporing difiicult, i would land on a planet...has it gotaluminium?..no?...takeoff, nothing to make me explore, because i could find the same buildings and loot on the next planet.it needs towns, more NPCs doing anything like getting out of ships walking around planets, actually moving! completely baren planets...over populated planets.its so frustrating because i was never on the hype train with this game, i bought it a week after release after never of heard of it, but i can see why its getting bad reviews,oh, and the invetory system needs work, i spend all my time throwing away rare items to fit stupid iron to repair my ship, i use inventory to upgrade things meaning less space for items, meaning i throw away even more rare items that i want to keep...arrrgh!this is my first ever review, and i felt so strongly i had to write it,currently dont recomend this game....give it 5 huge updates and hopefully it will be the epic adventure we all want."
,Not Recommended,275850,25198044,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Rixih,"A lot of people have asked my opinion on this game. I think it's mainly because I had been so excited for it for years and when it finally approached and released they turned to me. They either turned to me to ask if they should buy it or to talk me down because I had bought it.So I buckled down, I played 57 hours, I avoided all gameplay and all reviews and I played the game.I began playing, and I was very fortunate not having had any issues playing whatsoever. I could play, no crashing, no frame drops, no strobing lights.I spawned in and was in complete awe of the game I had been so excited to see.I saw my starting ship, a planet filled with flora and some very unique fauna, non-deadly, and relaxed sentinels. I had never been so excited in my life to play this game.But I think my attempt at avoiding everyone's experience with it like the plague is definitely what blind-sighted me in the end.My rollercoaster of playing happened like many other people's experienceAfter you get over the initial mystery and all the excitement you felt waiting for the game.The curtains fall and you begin to see the game for what it is, it leaves you wanting the game, but not the game you got.. the game they showed you.You explore a planet, you grind for resources that look the same on every planet you visit.You go to the space station. Or if you are lucky you find a trading center on that planet. (And god forbid you're using a mouse and keyboard to fly and pirates show up) You then sell those resources, go to another planet, explore, grind some more.After I got in my second/third system I realised something was fishy.I had thought up til' that point that I had gotten unlucky in.. well MOST aspects of the game.Where are these giant buildings? Where are those awesome animals I saw in the trailers?The planets that went on forever and looked more amazing than I could ever have imagined?Ringed planets, NPC's that roam around, complex creatures, fleets, planetary physics, hacking, interacting with other players, large scale battles between fleets, ships that were unique and based on classes, the resource distribution that was supposedly planet based...TheLISTgoes on and onAt that point I viewed a few posts online ""One man's lie"" ""No guys buy""People screamed from the rooftops about their terrible experience and I was dumbfounded.I was having a good time but I had felt like something was missing.I made excuses.""They're a small team"" ""Maybe I'm unlucky"" ""Maybe I'm remembering the trailers incorrectly""Basically every aspect about this game that you or I thought was cool in the trailers, isn't in the game.It's straight up non-existent.And I realised after playing for so long that I was making excuses, and I was forcing myself to like this game because I had wanted it for so long.That is no way to actually play a gameI wasn't playing the game they promised but I was playing a shell of it.If you look past the lies about the game's multiplayer, the planets, the scanning, the discoveries, basically everything.WHOEVER was on their writing team is my best friend.Such beautiful and elegant writing that made me really think and stop to wonder about things I was doing during my travels and the Atlas path I took.If the game weren't lacking and blinding enough, the end was basically the saddest part.But god forbid you take all this time and effort to get to the middle, because instead of it being everything you had hoped. You're smacked in the face, sent back to the beginning, and all but laughed at. It makes me speculate that the middle of the universe is JUST the middle of the universe for you.They make you put all this effort in, play their phantom of a game, just to send you home.Almost like they don't want you to realise that no, you're not going to find anyone here at the center. There are going to be no people you come across because multiplayer doesn't exist in our coding.And then I, like many others trying to like the game, noticed that my discoveries were being wiped after two weeks. No one was going to find the 18 quintillion planets, no one was going to find yours in the least, because they made it impossible to do so.They assume you're dumb, you won't realise the things that are missingYou won't notice that you aren't playing what they showed youThat you can't play with anyoneThat they lied about everything you had hoped forWhen it comes down to it do I recommend this game?The simplest way I can explain this is that I was in a burning roomA burning room that was lit by Hello Games itselfAnd watching people angrily curse them and escaping to save themselvesI sat there in a puddle, muttering to myself that everything was fineI explored my puddle, found everything there was to love about my puddleAll despite the burning room around meConvincing myself that the room wasn't burning, that people were lighting things on fireThat I was okay, that I had my puddle,As Idreamedof the pictures of the lake I was promisedThen after two weeks..My puddle was gone"
,Not Recommended,275850,25709940,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,[Vol] Colin Oscopy,"No Man's Sky is full of promise but fails to deliver on most of it. In fact, its grand finale all but rubs the user's face in the fact that it lacks any sort of cohesiveness.You can discover the entirety of No Man's Sky's game play experience in the first ten minutes of play; land on a planet, collect blueprints to enhance your gear, collect the necessary resources to build those plans; build a warp cell to fuel your warp drive, and jump to another star system. That's it, that is all there is to discover. The hook is in doing that across myriad planets so that you can reach the galatic core and learn what 'The Atlas' has placed there. Unfortunately your reward for repeating that short gameplay loop practically countless times is, quite literally, nothing. You are given the chance to do it all over again. The game implies you are to do it again in a different galaxy, but make no mistake, you will see the same style of planets, enounter the same styles of flora and fauna, meet the same types of aliens, and gather the same resources to enhance the same gear.Now, there's nothing wrong with an open-ended space simulation. People have gravitated towards those types of games for decades. The most notable example being the Elite series of games. The problem with No Man's Sky is that it has no where near the depth of economic simulation nor sense of 'being' that a game like Elite has. Outside of gather resources, build items, and travel, there is nothing you can do as a player. You can't haul cargo. You can't partake in piracy, you can't plan your own destiny. You're locked into a mindless grind for no reward.Marrying the genres of ""Space simulation"" and ""Resource/Survival""  may have seemed like a great idea. It was certainly portrayed by Hello Games as a great idea. Unfortunately many of the idea of the space simulation genre were talked about, but never implemented in No Man's Sky. The resulting game is repetative, boring, and ultimately insulting.There are better resource and survival games to play. There are better space simulation games to play. Spend your money wisely, don't spend it on No Man's Sky."
76561198126214953,Not Recommended,275850,25415418,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,ScaryGary,Not worth th price.
,Not Recommended,275850,25914006,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Kazerz,"As of today, it is the 8th of October 2016. Last patch note was in the 2nd September 2016, HelloGames vanished and no words at all."
76561198001239635,Not Recommended,275850,25940083,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Burn-Eden,"After trying my hardest to get into this game I have found that while the universe is infinite the diversity is minimal.  Challenges all center around very basic missions that have very little, if any depth at all.   THis game is defnintely not worth $60.  Perhaps $20, but no more than that.   There was a lot of initial hype for this game, failed promise and outright lies regarding content.   If I had known the actual content and features of the game I would never have bought it.  THe fact that so many have stopped playing the game is a direct reflection of the quality of this failed title."
76561198090656318,Not Recommended,275850,25378552,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,www.bay12games.com/dwarves,"This game is a hunk of junk until what has been promised has been delivered without paying a cent more for it. The developers reputation is ruined due to all the lies. The graphics are nice but, I play dwarf fortress religiously... an ascii based game... Dwarf fortress at a grand price tag for FREE deserves every penny no mans sky has recieved from me and even if it takes me the next 10 years, I will get a refund and I will be giving it to someone who deserves it."
,Not Recommended,275850,25247452,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Mr.Revy,"2 words; False AdvertisingGet this game ONLY if they pay you to play it. Otherwise, not worth the money."
76561198048769288,Not Recommended,275850,25439529,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Qentung,"The first experience when I play this game was incredible. But the more I play the more boring this game. There are no interaction in thhis game (quest, creature,etc). Wish i can still do a refund for it"
,Not Recommended,275850,25439587,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,nouffnouff,"It is not a story about hate or lies or whatsoever, I mean it's not Games of Thrones drama style.It is dead simple.It is dead : There is no intelligent life form present in the whole universe.Animals ? Yeah sure, but interaction are almost non-existent. No pet systemEnemies ? kindda, but the IA has been developped in such a simplistic way that the thrill is absent.NPC ? Oh, well NPC have sooo little impact on your journey. They don't move at all.NPCs have the same interaction possibilities as a trading terminal, except the terminal allow you to actually trade something. You cannot make them attack you or follow you or ask you to actually do something for them.Graphics are better in the trailers ? maybe I don't care. The landscape is rapidly always the same. the algorithm of procedural generation lack of originality. Differences are tiny between planets after visiting a few of them.I'm not even mentionning the spaceships:the one you have is merely a simple addition of inventory from your suit.The encountered ones are basically always the same around the same planet, it's even worse in space stations you can see 4 or 5 spaceships identicals, not similar, identical in a row..."
,Not Recommended,275850,25848858,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,RiP_CoRd,"Got obsolutely ripped offespecially paying $85 AUD to play this gamethey wont refund now either. even though i have tried to get into this game with about 26hrs play timeit is very repetitive and gets boring fast.This game should have special exemptions for a refund.Dont live up to the hype of this game. Dont believe the trailer as its all a lie, dont buy this gameall other negative comments are true"
76561198012385663,Not Recommended,275850,25423810,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Nobody,Simple boring..
76561198094954378,Not Recommended,275850,25382210,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,adbumgarners,"Unfortunately (perhaps fortunately, in hindsight), I was not ever able to play the game.  It seems to me that these devs would have been a little more thoughtful about creating a game which would play on most machines that are less than two years old.  But to make it playable only with a minimum of OpenGL 4.5, excluding a plethora of video hardware and not providing support for mainstream hardware?  Very rude and unnecessary.  I don't see graphics here that should require such exclusivity.  Perhaps that's why the game has been so buggy with framerates and crashes.  I'm not super tech-savy but it amazes me that a game should be created that will not run on a system that will basically run most of the newest games out there!  In hindsight, I'm glad it didn't work and I got a refund.  I've watched multiple reviews and see that this would have been a disappointing game to be stuck with.  Hello Games should sell this game at cost to someone who will take it and actually put content and functionality in it for later release."
76561198031265869,Not Recommended,275850,25422824,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Thel Vadam,"It´s not what they promisedshort explanation:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=53q9cg-qm-Along explanation:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Wgolc1rRroI even nominated the game for the ""Worst Game I Played lately"" award"
,Not Recommended,275850,26209874,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Sen,"My initial review was a little rosy, to say the least...so I'm starting this over. NMS' trailer did show things that weren't possible in the game, like flying close to the ground. The planets are not unique, in the sense that each one is just a different color, with what essentially are the same plants, the same rocks, the same stalag-tites/-mites yielding the same resource. Every planet is guaranteed to harbor the resource that you're looking for. Each planet has a couple bases or crashes, usually containing one alien (or less; none).It doesn't give me the sense of wonder that I'd get with other exploration games, a sense of depth and true accomplishment. I like to follow a story, but NMS' lacking plot just didn't do it for me. Subnautica fits in the same category - survival exploration. But it has a plot, true excitement, it's beautiful, and it doesn't hand out false promises. This wasn't meant to be a review about SN, my point was simply to be that SN's incomplete, smaller, yet so much more fulfilling. I wish NMS' ratings could be as large as its universe, but not this time around. Truly a shame, this could've gone somewhere amazing.Edit: Just a note here. Since I couldn't get a refund, I decided to try and make it more ""fun."" I'd rather not let it gather dust. In case you like to mod, there are a few mods out on Nexus Mods that add some depth to NMS. Mostly visual, but it made my experience better overall and I recommend it. Increasing the variety of animals/plants, removing the chromatic aberration, increasing the size of a few plants and rocks on each planet.http://www.nexusmods.com/nomanssky/mods/searchresults/?"
76561198103557368,Not Recommended,275850,25422270,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Hadososaurus,Do not buy this. Things were promised and the developers screwed us over.
,Not Recommended,275850,25421831,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,EirikTheNord,"No Man's sky is as wide as the ocean, but as deep as a pond... a very shallow pond.Throw in some god awful controls, VERY BUGGY pc-port, bad crafting system, boring enemies, dead planets with the same content as the one before, an insulting ending that you might as well just look up on youtube and you've got yourself a pretty bad time."
,Not Recommended,275850,25422018,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,{RE} ZhirkNation,"All the things Sean Murray said would be in the game, but werent.Multiplayer there is no one there I havent found a single soulFaction's Waringthere isent anything out thereAmazing Ship Customization its just badAmazing Crafting System still a horrible systemLanding on Asteroids why?Having Fleets Appear Out of Nowhere the only thing that appears out of no where is a crash reportDestroying The Fleets there arent any fleetsDestroying Space Stations I cant even destroy a boulderLarge Scale Space Battles there all the same land scapeJoining Those Battles the one that dosent reward ou with anythingSand Planets there all bad planetsLarge Creatures Affecting The Landscape there not doing anything there all the same dumb creatures"
76561198138214552,Not Recommended,275850,25490618,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Hawt Dawg Man,"Hey, see those pictures and videos?Yeah? Pretty isn't it.. But what if I tell you..IT'S A SCAM!None of those are a real representation of the final product.Pretty bad huh? Where's your 6O€ now?! Gone.Oh, and if you're in just for the exploaration, don't expect anything unique.It's all the same... you can't even kill yourself and end the suffering.PS: I want my money back STEAM!"
,Not Recommended,275850,25817072,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Number4429,"Absolute silence from the developers when questioned about missing features. They took the money and ran. Avoid unless you like grinding for resources to sell so you can buy stuff to help you grind for resources to sell so you can buy stuff to help you grind for resources to sell...And then eventually reach the center of the galaxy only to be sent back to the edge. The reward for all your hard work is a hearty ""go ♥♥♥♥ yourself."""
76561198133850777,Not Recommended,275850,26282443,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Datguyuknow,"Fairly certain that everything about this ""game"" that can be said, has been said, but I will say it again.Overall, the gameplay is simplistic, but not in the good way. It's not like you don't know what to do or where to start, it's just that the trouble is that those basic concepts are ALL THIS GAME HAS. I've seen people--including myself--who have called this game ""Minecraft In Space"" in the past... but only problem with that is that Minecraft has far more investing gameplay in building giant [censored]s, while No Man's Sky has only one real ""feature"" to the gameplay; explore. And while that simple, SIMPLE concept sounds fun and interesting, it isn't. It's a grind. All it is, is exactly as follows; go to a planet, find life-forms, scan life-forms, mine resources, refuel space ship, leave planet, rinse and repeat. While the game has some interesting elements to it such as the terrain, that still doesn't make up for the lack of depth the game provides. ""An ocean wide, but only an inch deep"" as I, as well as several others, have put it for a while now. Yes, the game has over 18 quintillion planets,--for those of you who don't know what a single quintillion is, it's a 1 followed by 18 zeros, A.K.A. massive--but those planets are just... shells. Worthless husks that provide no depth or interest. And now with this continuous silence from Shaun Murray, and Hello Games as a whole, it seems that this game is a huge rip-off. Do not waste your money if you stumbled across this game. Go buy Star Citizen or Elite Dangerous if you want a space game worth a damn."
76561198077369709,Not Recommended,275850,25998042,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Dark Lord Chin Chin,Just make this game open source and let the community take over.
76561198092648073,Not Recommended,275850,25882274,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Lightning sanders,When you forget to refund No man's Buy ;_;
76561198306101224,Not Recommended,275850,26428345,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,hydrogen2rd,How foolish I am !
76561198033913360,Not Recommended,275850,26488338,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,kitkatcatherine,I can say nothing about this game that hasn't already been said. The developers should be ashamed that they marketed and released the game in this form. I don't see any changes other than producing what would essentially be an entirely new game that would make the pricetag worth it. A failed experiment that duped a hell of a lot of people.
,Not Recommended,275850,26469139,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Pongflict_Ghost,Do not buy this game.
76561198031754927,Not Recommended,275850,25225945,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Finlandball,"So I came at this without the hype. Without hearing all the internet junk and interviews. I hadn't even heard of it until about a week before it's release. Thought, Ok cool I can play that. It looks relaxing. It really was. Played it for several hours before noticing there wasn't a quit button.A game without a quit button.How much did I pay for this?And I have to Control alt delete out of it?Alarm bells started ringing.Then again some good games still make some rookie mistakes. So back at it. Start mining, start exploring, finding all the interesting things you can do....realized that everything I did in the first two hours was pretty much the entire game.Wash, Rinse, Repeat. Mine, Explore, Sell, Get better crap so you can Mine, explore sell, and get better crap.Pointless, open ended gameplay.Not the kind of game you want to play when you are trying to disctract yourself from your 30 year old existential crisis."
76561197984825686,Not Recommended,275850,25761035,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,TopJimy69,I want my money back.
76561198031689509,Not Recommended,275850,26160666,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Silver Linings,"I don't usually write reviews because I feel that hapiness with a game is very subjective thing. However with this game it's a different story. This game lacks everything a game should offer and I feel slightly cheated by the developer. Not only are features missing which were visible in trailers but this game is just bad. I dont say this easily because I wanted the game to be good very much. The developers obviously forgot one major part: None cares about great technology, none needs rocket science. If it offers a good game - great. If you can make a game without great technology - great. But if you use amazing technology but the game is no fun then that's just bad. I lost interest in this game entirely after 2 days because it is incredibly repetitive. It offers no feeling of progression and for me personally I had no interest in new planets after 10 or so. The game feels like a preview of a piece of a game but the campaign and the multiplayer are not done yet - but those parts wont come."
,Not Recommended,275850,25238362,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,overdose,"was a ♥♥♥♥♥how, missing features, constant lies, poor performance.pros: steam will refund even if you have 18 quintillion hours of gameplay"
76561197970417687,Not Recommended,275850,25368037,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Joesus,"The game worked fine for me. However it was a huge let down. Once you've explored a couple planets you've done it all. For a full price game I would think there would be much more from No Man's Sky. Factions, like pirates, trading guilds some sort of quest. there is a lot of room for improvement, what is the point of endless space if there's no drive to explore it.That said the game does look nice and I like the seemless travel from planet to planet. I'm giving it a thumb down, but I wish there was some middle ground like a a flat hand shaking. You know the game was ""ehh"". If I bought it on sale for 15 bucks I would have less buyers remorse and might like it more."
76561198149799307,Not Recommended,275850,25127569,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,lonekrazylegz,"OMG steam sale for 30 wold have been better, it is WAYT overhyped.....just wait, it will drop eventually, its burnet out already. great soundtrack tho....marketing kudos on a bunk game."
,Not Recommended,275850,26596534,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,InfinityBlade6,I tried to give it a chance. By the time that happened I couldn't get a refund... save your self... it's to late for me...
76561198101103702,Not Recommended,275850,25069980,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Harley Quinn©™,"Preordered the game because of the trailer showcased at E3 and this site was marvelous! I love exploring and just flying around, this game does not deliver that amount of satisfaction for its price of $60.For those reviewers that says this is a very niche catergory, im sorry to say even as a exploration game is not worth 60 bucks at all, i played 17 hours and i have not seen anything that is similar to the trailer.A few points to note before buying this game..-No large scale space battles.-No giant dinosaur like creatures on land or in the sea.-Cockpit of the ships i have gotten my hands on doesn't look as detailed.-Don't seemed to be able to pick the landing spot i desire like in the trailer.-Space game without gas giants and planets with rings.. (WTF right?)-Everything between a planet and another planet is just a sea of asteroids and occasionally some merchant ships.-18,446,744,073,709,551,616 planets and only 3 races of aliens.There is just so many things missing from the game that makes whatever was showcased at E3 to be false advertising by sean murray and his team. Utterly disappointed in this crap that costed me 60 dollars.Also, before the release Sean said near impossible to find each other in game not totally impossible. (source :http://www.pcgamesn.com/no-mans-sky-no-multiplayer)(i sense he is being extremely dodgy on this subject)As quoted below..""In the video below (from 2:40), Murray says multiplayer isn't a focus and meeting another player would be ""incredibly rare"" and ""might never happen"". When pressed, he backtracks a bit, saying: ""That's not really what the game is about. When you talk about multiplayer, it just gives people the wrong impression.It's not what we're trying to build and it's not what people should be thinking about going into the game."" NEARLY IMPOSSIBLE BECOME IMPOSSIBLE!P.S Don't even get me started on the paid DLC part. this game is definitely not worth the hype and the price."
,Not Recommended,275850,25187915,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,"Yes, This is Bear","I really, really wanted to enjoy this game, and I did for awhile. As a super casual space trading simulator mixed with a planet exploring game it was okay. But after having only watched the trailers and ignored the devs and FINALLY reading how much of this game was a lie, half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ or outright just broken I couldn't handle it anymore. I'm trying to get my refund and you should to, maybe for $15 this MIGHT be worth it, but it's not for a full $60"
,Not Recommended,275850,25224260,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,andileopard,"You see those cool things happening in the trailers and the lovely screenshots with lush planets and a ton of wildlife? Not gonna happen... at least not for 99% of the time your playing. When you do find one of those planets you'll get bored pretty quick because you'll find out that it's just ""pretties"" without real gameplay behind it."
76561197970901679,Not Recommended,275850,25997308,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,|tb|Brutal,I wish I could be one of the lucky ones that got a refund for this game.
,Not Recommended,275850,25928094,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Weaponized Autism,cons-it's♥♥♥♥♥♥pros-steam refund button works well
76561198041578299,Not Recommended,275850,25189216,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,TyzzzzZZZZZ,"I've many many many game on and off of steam and I believe this is the first negative review i've ever taken the time to write. I was so hyped for this game for such a long time and I was so let down after about 8 hours of play. There was so many things I was looking forward to that were in the trailers and previews of the game that were not in the final version.After a you spend about 8 hours in game on a planet you've literally seen EVRERYTHING this game has to offer. It feels more like a tech demo than a real game.An amazeing, fantastic game could have been made. But everthing just falls short."
76561198004334074,Not Recommended,275850,25189217,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Usopp,"Advertised as a triple A $60 game while it's obviously a $20-30 game that even then, is barely mediocre in it's supposed price range.I had fun for the 1st 2 hours, and was wondering and annoyed for the other 7.This is a sad thing, i bet the investors have pushed the devs for the premium price."
76561198133173739,Not Recommended,275850,25224237,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,petlog313,"""a mile wide and an inch deep"""
,Not Recommended,275850,25078265,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,hunterchan,"From afar, this game is an endless explorable universe with many possibilites. But dog♥♥♥♥♥♥always smells bad up close, right? The more you play this game, the more you come to realize that every planet and interaction you have is the same crap that is recycled over and over again. I put over 40 hours into the Playstation 4 version of the game and enjoyed my first 2 hours, but not so much after that. Sean Murray (The face of No Man's Sky and lead programmer at Hello Games) straight up lied about many game features that aren't even in the final game that they released.It's as wide as an ocean, but as deep as a puddle.If you enjoy playing half baked tech demos, then this is your game. DO NOT buy this game thinking it is anything more than a frustrating partial exploration game."
76561198009668205,Not Recommended,275850,25282868,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Manpoo230,You absolutely ♥♥♥♥ed us Sean.....Nothing but lies.....
76561198132598270,Not Recommended,275850,25237373,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,NightRaven,"No Man's Sky doesnt have nearly enough content to consider playing for more than 30 hours. It is almost as if the devs gave up once the introduction to the game was complete. It has some interesting ideas, but isnt worth $60 to experience. You can watch other people for free, and you will get the same experience as those who bought the game. Also, half of what they promised is false, that is confirmed."
76561198039487354,Not Recommended,275850,25237363,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,ctiger,"So here is the bottom line:This is a good, casual/lite, space exploration/survival game. If that sort of thing interests you, buy it. However, I would strongly urge you to wait for at least a 50% off sale, as it is in no way worth the current $60 asking price.If you are interested in moderate to hardcore space sims or an action junky, stay way from this game...it is not for you.Overall thumbs down review because of excessive price & misleading marketing of the game."
76561198122125904,Not Recommended,275850,25582653,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,zDrake,"This game is just soooooooo boring. 2/10...you will get bored quickly.  The game play is frustrating and clunky. Over all it's not enjoyable, and i wanted to like it. This is a shameful waste of human life. What a waste of time and resources. Save your money for something else."
,Not Recommended,275850,25196408,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,rorschach,"I Preordered this game thinking that it will be some fun nad a game i may get 100-200 hours n before i get bored, but then i palyed the game for 8 hours discover 23 systems renamed almost everything then it kinda went for a turn for the worst and it just kinda sucks♥♥♥♥♥atm so i decided to refund it. The only way i would get this game again is if it had a large content addition to game such♥♥♥♥♥basebuilding MULTIPALYER, ability to punch in your fisrt spawn corrdianates so you can spawn near your freind and create a mass empire covering the stars, alng with a trade system. but i dont have any hope that any of these ideas i have will get implemented so i stongly advise you not to get it. the game is just no fun and what fun is it to get all the altis stones just fo a ♥♥♥♥ing planet spawns in  randomly and you cant go to it since you have no idea where it is so ♥♥♥♥ this game dont buy it."
76561198224772192,Not Recommended,275850,24846342,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,kleosin111,Game crashes on GTX 780TI DONT buy.
,Not Recommended,275850,25253697,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Landeddominator,This game is only worth 15$
76561198041506208,Not Recommended,275850,25590662,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,gavacho,"The game is enjoyable for awhile.  It's not a bad game, but it's interest wore off after a few weeks of playing.  I'm disappointed I paid $60 for it."
,Not Recommended,275850,25253677,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Im Ron Burgundy??,"Lots of hype, no delivery."
,Not Recommended,275850,27574300,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Foulger Boy,"The ""You tried, but you lied"" Award goes to..."
76561198130406562,Not Recommended,275850,26338812,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,zz chief,This game is a fat piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥Don't buy
76561197971196013,Not Recommended,275850,26742790,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Slayer2218=VX9=,"The game was ove-rated, and it greatly lacked what was promised. This was the first game from Steam that I attempted to return for a refund. There are way too many faults to list here that have not already been listed on countless other reviews. If you want to spend coutnless hours alone in a game that repeats itself on every planet you visit. They change the environment and colors, and they think that gives you an entirely new planet. What a complete waste of time. I will avoid games this company makes in the future like the plague. Fool me once."
76561198324496421,Not Recommended,275850,26338327,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,EnclaveEyebot,"Anyone reading this review is probably just surfing terrible reviews, looking for a good chuckle.  In case you are actually looking for a review, I'll add yet another one to the virtual sea of excrement that comprises No Man's Sky.If it wasn't for the laughable price of admission ($60), I'd have thought this game was an acceptable addition to my gaming collection.  Seriously, the concept of deep space exploration, coupled with procedurally generated landscapes/creatures warrants a playthrough.  It is possible to immerse yourself into the world, albeit for a short time.This is No Man's Sky's most inherent, inescapable flaw - its depth.  What originally presents itself as a massive and grandiose exploration/crafting game, very quickly devolves into a lackluster, agonizingly shallow stroll through mechanically identical environments.There is no depth here. nothing to aim for, nothing to grind for.  There are no underlying mechanics to enhance or differentiate anyone's experience.  Sure, you have ship and suit upgrades, but these upgrades, it seems, only really allow you to stroll faster through the environments.The novelty of exploration isn't enough to keep you immersed, or remotely satistfied with the moment to moment experience.Steam shows just under 10 hours of playtime - that time was split up between my spouse and I.  We both walked away bored and dissapointed.  $60 worth of dissapointment.If you can pick this game up for around $5, that should arouse enough of an experience to justify the price tag, but a full $60?  I'm sorry but the content doesn't merit a full price tag.I went in to No Man's Sky looking for a space exploration/simulator that was large and varied, but also simple, lacking the overburdening complexity of other (much better) space simulators.  Ultimately it was far too simple, relegated to a space walking simulator.Wait for a HUGE discount, if you are still curious."
,Not Recommended,275850,25152887,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Spencinator,Flushing $60 Down the Toilet Simulator 2016
,Recommended,275850,34300243,Posted: 16 August,all,DakuShinobi,"I know hello games won't read this, but if they do or anyone else. This is the story about a game that any other studio would have killed off, but I'm really happy that hello games has held up. At first, I felt cheated (I was one that got a refund) but now I feel like they are making things right. Not many studios would do that.This game is worth your money, this game is worth your time.Thank you Hello Games."
76561198043109263,Not Recommended,275850,25157102,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Alien83,3 words. BIG FAT LIE
,Not Recommended,275850,24923237,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Bloody WANKER,"I have never refunded a product on Steam, that until now.An hour of this game felt like the most dull and repeatative task I've ever had to do, and I used to play grindy MMORPGs. Through the tutorial I could already see how this game is going to be an endless cycle of collecting items to improve my stuff for absolutely no end purpose. Exploring is not fun in this game. It's alot of the exact same. Honestly this game is worth maybe a third of what it currently costs and even then, I wouldn't play it unless you're really into this kind of stuff."
76561197975071189,Not Recommended,275850,25581847,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,44R0N,"Man, I was so hyped for this. What a letdown. Watching the videos these guys put out for this was surreal, and I couldn't wait to play. Then I get in, and after a few hours and a few planets...it didn't change much. I figured I should give this more than just 2 hours because I felt like it deserved it. Well, 25 hours later and it's different variations of the same stuff.Unless they add free content to this later on, I can't recommend this game. Not to mention the performance issues. Definitely not worth $60."
,Not Recommended,275850,25116102,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,abu the monkey,"piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ plz, burn in hell."
,Not Recommended,275850,25160103,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Farrknbah,"Pros; I was able to refund.Cons; Grind simulator 2016.The trailers and E3 gameplay hyped this title up well, All to come crashing down when people were actually aloud to play the game in full.Do not buy if you hate grindy games. Actually, Do not buy unless it's heavily discounted or free.. Maybe free? Yeah, Free."
76561198014121116,Recommended,275850,30547895,Posted: 16 March,all,Furyx1,"Unlike a lot of people apparently, I like this game.  Especially after the content has increased greatly with the two big updates, including vehicles and bases now, I like the challenge of Survival and Pemanent Death Modes - you have to be on top of your game to do well.  Game mechanics are solid, and there is a lot more content, though it still could use more.  I have been seeing  more variety in flora and fauna though I have not seen anything like the giant rhino or the giant snake seen in earlier videos.  All giant stuff appear to be non-carnivorous in my experience.  Normal mode is pretty easy, though its a good way to learn the way to play - survival mode is much more interesting and challenging.  It takes a lot more minerals to charge things and you find less and environments/sentinels are tougher.  I am an explorer and tend to make a lot less hyper jumps but I do search out planets more in depth and find more of the points of interest.  With almost 300 hours on record I still have not gotten to the center, but I am not in a rush.  If you are patient, like survival games and enjoy a challenge, the game is worth it.I have seen very few technical issues - things I notice are that after a long play period you need to reboot to refresh the memory, so there are memory leaks in there somewhere.   Also it rarely crashes to a black screen after returning to a game but if I verify local files in Steam that solves that issue.Graphically its very pretty, sometimes I just stand and stare at the landscapes.  Also some of the creatures are pretty funny.  I just found a world that has these flying fat turtle looking things that have litte fairy wings, I also had one world in which everything was some type of hopping mushroom with eyes all over them.Couple of tips, if you need money - trade for Dynamic Resonators on the space stations.  (run from ship to ship coming in)  The starred items are double price so you buy from one trader who does not have it starred and sell to other traders who do.  You make about 25k per Resonator sale this way.   So in about 1/2 hour to 45 minutes you can make enough (several million) to buy a good upgrade on your early ships.  The latest update lets you click through when a trade starts, so the trade screen goes a lot faster than in the original game - a lot less frustrating.Another tip is once you have a good hand blaster (key word there - good) that can kill the flying Sentinels fairly quickly you can go to town, especially on the planets where the sentinels are aggressive.  Drops for Sentinels have changed, now with the Flying ones you get Zinc, Some Nano money, Pugneum, and about half the time a Neutrino Module.  You can stack 5 neutrino modules in one stack on your space ship and that is over 60k each, so is a 250 pile of Pugneum.  The Zinc is helpful in the early stages especially in harmful environments for recharging your suit.  With some practice you can dodge their shots so it is fairly easy money and materials.  I dont see blueprints any more after the latest update.  If you let one of the flying ones live, they will call more and stronger ones, but loot gets better.  Just have a decent upgraded blaster to do it.  The Nano money helps you buy environmental shields at the new space station booths.Also if you are looking for all the wildlife on a planet when you use the scanner you can see colored dots on the animals when you are NOT pointed at them.  Green means you already discovered it, red means it is still waiting for you to scan it.  That helped me a lot - spent a lot less time scanning animals looking for that missing one.  Usually the missing creature is a flying or swimming one - I am pretty stubborn seeking these things out.Once you start a base, you can start hiring the contractors at the space stations and they give you missions at your base to go find stuff - but it is all for your benefit, you get recipes and other things.  I like the storage modules at the bases, rather than the freighters because then you can save stuff right where you need it.  And its easy to get to the bases from any space station using the teleportation portal.Sorry went a lot longer than I expected but the game has improved a lot and there is a lot more to do now so I think it is worth playing and it is entertaining and challenging."
,Recommended,275850,34200468,Posted: 12 August,all,Not Random,It has built in discord now.
,Not Recommended,275850,25157170,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Arozay,You mine rocks so that you can afford to buy more slots to store things that you mine.
76561198007473747,Not Recommended,275850,25075253,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Sierra117,"Until there are significant gameplay additions and improvements, i would hold off on playing this. Especially given the $60 price tag. This is not yet worth the price of admission. Great idea but not great execution. I had high hopes but lost interest after about 8 hours. Once they add more content i will come back but in its current state, it just isn't really all that exciting."
,Not Recommended,275850,25423287,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Kasser,"I usually write reviews after I finish the game. After watching the ending on YouTube I realized I did see all what this game had to offer and probably won't finish it.The game might be infinitly huge but it does not have the depth of Minecraft. Let me explain how:- The procedural generated engine uses a limited number of ingredients. After visiting around 5 star systems you will start to see the pattern and the game will stop to impress you.- Crafting is very limited. In my whole 12 hours of experience, I kept only trying to craft fuel to travel.- Some may argue that you can craft upgrades to your gun or starship. That would be good only if space combat was good. It isn't. Neither I found it necessary to upgrade my gun weapons since the only enemey I have been fighting is those sentry robots who are more of annoyance and its always better to avoid them. There aren't any exciting combat situation in this game.- Inventory management is annoying. This need to be changed in a game update otherwise you can't really enjoy exploration if most of my time was invested in organizing and managing my items. It is an anti-game mechanic and kills the main purpose of the game.I personally think the game should have had an early access approach like what Minecraft did many years ago. The game would have won a strong fan community and the devs could have improved on fans feedback early on.The game can be still improved with big game changer updates (some indie games like Kingdom did that). But I honestly don't have hopes of big changes happening any time soon since the game already took a lot of development time to reach where it is now..."
,Not Recommended,275850,25216306,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,magicspacekiwi,"I was really looking forward to this game and explroing an incredible universe with great variety and a mystery at the center.The game basically prevents you from exploring with its severely limiting space suit and ship that need constant recharging and repairing, which feels like a chore.The giant, awesome procedurally generated world we were promised and evenshownisn't here.What you will find is the same handful of planets over and over and over again with slight variations like color. The same space stations over and over, the same outposts and shelters etc etcThe game is beautiful on the surface but ends up being hollow, meaningless, and boring.Not recommended."
,Not Recommended,275850,25231994,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Pap3rkat,"The game feels as though it is a port from PS4 and upscaled to 1080p. Graphics even on a high end system (i5-6600k and EVGA GTX 1070 SC with a 144hz gSync monitor) were terrible. Everything loaded in incredibly funny, FOV is terrible and sometimes the camera breaks, frame rate drops, a lot of issues on the graphics side of the house. As far as the actual game... seems that we were promised more than what was actaully delivered (see the Hello Games YT channel and look at the videos that have ""Gameplay Trailer"" in the title.) Don't buy this game at full retail price. Wait for it to go on sale and even then pass on it if it is more than 20 USD."
76561198213474791,Not Recommended,275850,25070681,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,calyx.,"Never took the time to write a review before but here it is.First hour playing this game was incredible but I quickly realised it was all the same stuff. It was extremely repetitive. I started to add mods to see if they could make my experience more fun but they didn't. I realised how pointless it all was and just skipped to the centere of the galaxy to see what amazing things were there, lets just say I was very disapointed."
,Not Recommended,275850,25131462,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Hogrid,"Not worth 60 bucks. Maybe 20. Devs have poor communication, features that were talked about during the games marketing process are not actually in the game."
76561198094497979,Not Recommended,275850,25474512,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,brentmiller518,"Overall, the game is very poor. The only incentive to play is seeing limited and slight variations of species and planets. The novelty of which wears off quickly.Resources are so abundant that no exploration is necessary, and the main quests offer no rewards (gameplay or story-wise). The story is weak, the combat mechanics are terrible, and many of the most exciting features are missing from the release.I'd give it a 2.5 out of 10. It's not the worst game, but it's definitely below average, and the ending is legitimately one of the worst/most disappointing endings to any game I've ever played."
,Not Recommended,275850,25103022,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Trajan,"No, not at the moment. It plays like an early minecraft, but in space, with all the resource hoarding and none of the building. So... in short, wait. IF, they add content and gameplay, especially the content that it was promised, it might become an ok game. But I can not recommend it at the full AAA price. It simply is not worth it. The current stability issues compound the situation. Essentially, it feels like a Peter Molyneux game in that it does a small fraction of what you wanted it to, but, at the same time is really kind of boring. This does have potential, and it might be a really cool game, add in a basic mapping utility, some Elite style gameplay and continue to update the engine with skins and textures for map and ship variability, while not charging earlier customers anything more, then fine, I'll recommend it then."
76561197979927761,Not Recommended,275850,25379990,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,WARMAD,This is more like an indi game worth maybe ten dollars.  Very repetitive and not much depth to the game.
76561197966631344,Not Recommended,275850,26488786,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,76561197966631344,"interviews with the game designer.... yes this yes that... after coming out, no this no that... all lies not worth ya time..."
76561198011884692,Not Recommended,275850,25399774,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,strugglesnuggle,Not what it said it would be
76561198090381658,Not Recommended,275850,25359855,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,[WDSF] SoldierHobbes,This would be a great ten dollar game. Too bad it's sixty bucks. Not much there to make it worth the price.
,Not Recommended,275850,25919233,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Fatbias Weight,"This game is not worth 60 dollars. And I really want a refund for this, I know of other games that are better than this trash."
,Not Recommended,275850,25512851,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,NotOptions<3~,"This game is a lie. Even the footage on the steam page is fake.I would not suggest this game, or anything by Hello Games to anyone, no matter the circumstance. Steam has made a mistake by supporting it on this platform."
76561198319406992,Not Recommended,275850,25327466,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Frigg2017,"Could have been so much better! NOt only did I pay full price but i paided it twice! For my computer and for my ps4. Both are buggy and crash constantly. I have a brand new laptop set up specifically for gaming and No man's Sky was Laggy and glitchy like mad!I was not able to name my ship as promised, I was not able to chose a side. I got nearly 40 hours into the game and was so bored I quit. There was not the amount of differences that we were promised. I was seeing creatures that were an exact copy of ones I have seen in other systems. This game is not worth the money or the time you put in to it!It is nearly impossible to get 100% discovery on a planet! Scanning takes a long time, even if you ahve already discovered it. Scanning flying creatures is nearly impossible!THIS IS A SPOILER!!! DO NOT READ BELOW THIS IF YOU DON'T WANT TO KNOW!You spend hours getting to the middle of the galaxy and once there you get pulled all the way out through to the edge of the galaxy you just spent forever going through and it pops you into a new one! That is it! it just starts you over!So many copies of the same thing on every planet on every system. You can give something a different name but same body on it.We were misled in so many aspects of this game. That alone is enough to not buy it. Ontop of the bugs. in 3 hours I crashed 6 times. that is NOT ACCEPTIBLE! even for an indie game that just came out!I want my money back and I will be deleteing the game as soon as I get it.NOT COOL SHAWN MURRY< NOT COOL!"
,Not Recommended,275850,25175304,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Shacxify,"Awaiting this game, I had many hopes and dreams for what No Man's Sky was really gonna turn out to be. Whether a pirate raiding starship adventure or a merchant trading venue was mean't to be MY OWN, the player's, choice of paths. Hello Games didn't present that with this foundry of Indie game space research simulation.Pros (Because it does have some):•Your starship, since you find a certain type of connection towards the beast that takes you around the galaxy.•Unique design, not graphics but I have yet to find an inhabited planet with a species I have yet to have seen OR EVEN IMAGINED.•Atlas story, like religion it gives off a nice base and symbolism for story.•The vastness of space.Cons:•Gameplay, your equipment is always running out of fuel no matter what. Very repitive when trying to upgrade materials•If it's not the gameplay, it's running the ♥♥♥♥ing game because that a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥already.•Atlas story, THEY NEED TO FINISH IT AND GIVE ATLAS STONES A ♥♥♥♥ING REASON TO EXIST.•No multiplayer, it would absolutely create this game with a little spunk of the multiplayer values.•Empty worlds, although they are huge they don't have the most original objects. I don't expect to find Thamium9 throughout all of the UniverseOut of a full 10, I give this game a ☢☢☢☢☢☢(6) Nuclear Toxic Waste symbols, due to its lack of content, story, and mother♥♥♥♥in' mp."
76561198023983870,Not Recommended,275850,25492431,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,MagmaHans,"It looks cool and it's really fun the first day you have it, then it gets boring, like, really boring!"
,Not Recommended,275850,25384823,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Envicta,"Haven't reviewed many games on Steam,  but I really feel I need to show my utter dissapointment with this title,  especially from a UK Gaming studio.The game had huge hype,  the initial videos looked amazing!  I pre-ordered a long time ago.I unfortunately was a victim of the AMD CPU bug on day 1, but I continued!I was a victim of the FPS-problems day 2-5, but I continued!I was victim of the game crashing 5-10, but I continued!Now after the game works, and I'm able to play it,  I'm gutted to realise that it's just really dull.Exploring planets is fun for the first time,  and for about 30 minutes.  But couple of hours into the game,  and you're just trying to make as many Warp cells as possible,  and wondering ""Why am I doing this,  this isn't fun!"".This game could been something amazing,  and hopefully it's going to do a SimCity,  and inspire someone else to go and make a game of what this should of been.Til then,  this is definitely being uninstalled,  and i'm writing that £35 off."
,Not Recommended,275850,25428661,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,~Spillemartin,A giant universe with nothing but empty promises. You are better of playing something like Elite Dangerous or Starbound.
76561197970379492,Not Recommended,275850,26210720,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Buttercup,"I just think it is embarrassing that the first trailer is still online on steam. Nothing of this trailer shows how the game really is. Or the other way around, 80% of the things shown in the trailer wont happen in your first 30h of gameplay. Cant state for myself if they will never happen as the game is random in its core, though.For whats really in the game, it may be worth 10€ to get you some chilling hours and some (very little) interesting background storys about alien races.I hope it gets better some day, so they at least made something out of my money."
76561198090383116,Not Recommended,275850,25957974,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Syntheticaldark,"I got robbed by this game, I want my $60 back. Such a huge let down"
,Not Recommended,275850,25398021,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Evermax,"Unplayable, so many CTDs and save corruptions."
,Not Recommended,275850,26194430,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Grymeylyfe,Don't buy this till it hits the $10 section.
76561198056948915,Not Recommended,275850,26208730,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,MilkToast,"Promised multiplayer, not gonna happen. No refund given as requested for false advertisement. Did not even get past tutorial due to a glitch spawning me on some acid rain planet."
76561198196608073,Not Recommended,275850,26142330,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Jakkera,Garbage
,Not Recommended,275850,25514530,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,MrPixels,A tech demo full of broken promises and lazy coding...
,Not Recommended,275850,25225846,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,sek0n,"Some day this game may be good, but as of now it's just a jumbled shell of what could be. Aside from the crashes(that have been patched a good amount), the game just has no content. If you bought it at release, you had no solid indication that there is pretty much nothing substantial to do in the game.Nothing changes as you get closer to the center. It's all the same re-colored and resized body parts/plants on every planet.As it is now, it's just a grinding game with no pay off."
,Not Recommended,275850,25063528,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,rustak,"This is perhaps a great $20-$30 game, but it's a mediocre and disappointing full-price game.  Ultimately, instead of being a space explorer going through a wide galaxy of new delights, you are instead of a vagrant running around stealing things and making deals with beings that have already been on every single planet you may come to.  The concept is fantastic.  The execution is poor."
,Not Recommended,275850,25474702,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Papa Gnomu,Not fun. Don't buy.
76561198053402903,Not Recommended,275850,25237355,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Loki-Chan,"This was a huge let down from what we were promised. I was expecting so much more and got less than I paid for. It's repetitive, too big, boring, and just doesn't hold up compared to most survival game. It honestly feels Like Sean Murray lied about it all to hype up a game. Hopefully future updates will make it better and more fun. Until then this is a huge thumbs down."
,Not Recommended,275850,25129383,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Crackf0x,"For $20 yes. $60, no."
,Not Recommended,275850,25324951,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Johnny BigBoí,Just watch thishttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTTPlqK8AnY
76561198007562834,Not Recommended,275850,25600778,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Atomship,The game stays interesting until you're past 2 hours game time. then its very repeditive. Just the right amount of time to not be able to get a refund on this game. Last time i'll ever pay 60$ for a game. I'll give it a rating of maybe 2.5 out of 5.
,Not Recommended,275850,25942528,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Meijin Kawaguchi,"This is a $30 game sold at $60. It's not exactly a horrible game, it's just overpriced for the amount of content it delivers. Basically, the player farms resources (while being interrupted and attacked by the same 3 enemy types), drop them off at NPCs, move to the next planet, rinse and repeat. There is nothing at the end of the game, it simply resets.The game might be priced at $60 due to the long development duration and the R&D that went into the procedural generation, but what matters to the player is entertainment, and this game lacks plenty of that."
76561197983197518,Not Recommended,275850,25909475,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Derelict81,"Unbelievably basic game, adverdised as something more than it is. Ocean wide and ankle deep. This is worth between 10 - 20 euro, depending how you feel about basic survival games. Better yet, get something else.Foundation Update: After this update No Man's Sky starts to resemble the industry standard for the survival games. Still there is not much to do and new gameplay options do not really bring much to the table. Perhaps with future updates it will get better."
,Not Recommended,275850,25864610,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Freac212,"I requested a refund, was denied it, sadly. Wish I could get my $70 back for other better space games. ;-;"
,Not Recommended,275850,25962756,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,a$ap cocky,s h i t
,Not Recommended,275850,26046516,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,That Hash,Waste of time and money they trick you to play more than 2 hours with the crashes and making the start lasting more than 2 hours so you cannot get your money back
,Not Recommended,275850,25899673,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Jbolsahck,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing garbage. A scam like no other.
,Not Recommended,275850,25997037,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,AIRWAVE,"I keep going back maybe once every two weeks hoping to find something that I'm missing, but its a dud. Nothing is as advertised, lots of repetetive gameplay if you can call it that. Do not but. It's worth maybe $10. You'll get bored within the first hour. A hilarious ending that Hello Games built up to be some fantsatic dramatic thing, when in reality it's laughable. Please do not buy, you're wasting your money like I did."
,Not Recommended,275850,25329681,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Princesse Ødésionisette,"A game full of lie. The only thing you're doing is farming for exploring. Not the inverse.If you want to explore you must gather ressources, then you can explore a bit, then gather some ressources again and keep doing the same thing over and over again.So let's say you will be able to play around 10-15 hours before realising that you spend 60$ for this thing that is called a lie."
76561197970492748,Not Recommended,275850,25056521,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Caprichaun,"Overhyped letdown. Worst of all - tedious and highly repititious. That said there are glimpses fo what coudl have been and still might be.HOWEVER - unless there are major FREE content updates this game as it stands now is NOT worth anywhere near $60.If you absolutely MUST have this game, do yourself a HUGE favor and wait for a 75% Off Steam Sale - it's coming far sooner than you'd think"
,Not Recommended,275850,25181007,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Chris,"Missing a vast slew of promised features. I highly advise that you wait for the game to be finished before considering purchasing it. Date today: Aug 27, 2016"
,Not Recommended,275850,25287618,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,BCI1999,"Well....Nice game for the first 2 hours of playtime, but after that you are starting to realise the game isn't what it was meant to be, don't know if it will ever be. Most people call it false marketing and this really is the case here, first the boss of hello games Sean Murray sead 2 players can find each other, guess what: on day one 2 people met each other but they couldn't see each other. Why they couldn't see each other was never offically explained. Also the trailers look like pre-renderd videos, the trailer with a big creature chasing another creature isn't in the game. And not to forget the inventory, no wonder you need to use atoms to create stuff, it's too small to fit any actual items! And you can name everything unexcept your ship (while Sean sead you could)."
,Not Recommended,275850,25287625,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Futaba Yoshioka,"I cannot believe that I just spent 42 hours on this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Honestly, I really liked the way that you can explore the galaxy and planets, and the thought of exploring it every day tickles my mind. However, what really killed the game is its storyline; the developers wanted to implement some sort of story in No Man's Sky, but the ending is♥♥♥♥♥♥ I don't even know if there is an ending as well. I would've wrote it off as 6/10 if the storyline was complete, but since it isn't, I'd give it a blunt 3/10. For those who are playing this game, do NOT complete the storyline -- every route."
,Not Recommended,275850,25319625,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,_kaliber,just dont
76561198055481880,Not Recommended,275850,25309081,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Golf Wiz,waste of money
76561198259785135,Not Recommended,275850,25533338,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,karl.ashnikov1947,"Should have bought a hooker instead, waste of money!"
,Not Recommended,275850,25117069,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,AntimatteR,"Utterly horrible piece of S****. Crashes randomly non stop; could be an hour, could be as soon as you load in. Recent game patches have not helped or resolved the crashing issue. Additionally, this game is NOT AT ALL what was described or is described either by Steam/Valve, or the developers Hello Games. It is a bait and switch, nickle and dimed, straight up lie. 90% of the features promised and content promised, even so recent as a month before the release of the game, are NOT IN THE GAME.Literally all you can do is: Fly to one planet, land, pickup resources, fly to another plant, land, pick up resources, sell some resources, continue flying to other planets... you get the idea. It's a ""pretty planet simulator"", none of this ""Do anything at all"" crap, and DEFINITELY not what they said it would be like. For example, we were promised things would be dynamic (planets moving, freighter ships moving, you could join ""factions"" etc), none of that is true. Everything is static, nothing moves, you can't join factions, there is no REAL trading system, etc. Pure trash. Also, these issues don't become apparent until well into the game, past the 2 hour refund limit (which is ridiculously arbitrary to impose on EVERY game, when all games are different. This one for example, takes more than 2 hours to just get past the ""training"" portion of the game)."
,Not Recommended,275850,25171390,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,CocoaButta,Hello Games did not live up to their promises. This game has almost none of the big features that were featured. We were LIED to. I am recommending to all my Steam friends and personnal friends to not buy this game or any future game from this stuido.
76561197993454272,Not Recommended,275850,25129199,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Milras,"The game is not what was shown before relase, not the same features nor the same graphics.Still has a lot of bugs and requires top end PC for low end graphics.No AI, no smart aliens, no multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,275850,25476966,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Dokutoru Goliboruuu,"If you have followed the controversy around No Mans Sky, there is really nothing more to be said about this game. The developers of this game greatly overpromised and underdelivered. Their lying about the games' features is bordering false advertising. If you want to try this game out yourself, beware of the 2 hour refund policy that Steam strictly enforces.If you have NOT followed the controversy around No Mans Sky, here is a summary in bullet points:Good:* There are some great opportunities to make desktop background screenshots in this game. The colors and landscape can look very nice.* Its easy. You will almost never have to worry about stress in this game. It can be a relaxing experience.* The first few hours. The first couple of hours really build a sense of wonder and mystery, making you want to go out there and explore stuff. You might say ""oooh"" and ""aaah"" a couple of times.* If you like collecting stuff, you will enjoy running around a planet trying to find all ten different animals, or finding all planets in a solar system.Bad:* You will probably encounter performance issues. The game is horribly optimized. It does NOT look or run as well as the promotional material on the store page.* The actual gameplay is very repetitive. Most of your game time is spent aimlessly wandering or flying in search of minerals.* There is no real diversity. Every planet is more or less the same, but with a different color palette. The planets have no different biomes. North pole, south pole, equator, everything is the same. There are no oceans, great landmasses or mountains, just small pools and hills spread out over the entire planet.* Dull crafting and upgrading mechanics. You wander around shooting a mining laser at minerals, just so you can upgrade your mining laser, so it collects the minerals 10% faster.* No real danger. Your ship is auto-piloted so its impossible to crash. Enemies are not really a challenge without any upgrades, and with some weapon upgrades they become absolutely trivial.* Did I mention there is no real diversity? Animals you encounter are randomly put together from a pool of like 20 parts. The same goes for the spaceships. Space stations all look the same, and are basically abandoned except for one npc who just stands there. There are about 3 different buildings, with hardly anything in them.* Spaceship stuff is lacking. There is hardly any space combat.* No multiplayer. You are alone in this universe, there are no players to encounter.All of this combined is immersion breaking and just plain BORING. You just dont feel like an explorer. All the billions of planets they promised are less interesting than a single chunk of a minecraft world. There is nothing to do. After youve seen the 20 ship parts, 20 animal parts, 3 different buildings and five different planet colors there is nothing to see either.I give this game a 3/10. Its a pre-alpha early access tech demo for a AAA price."
76561198276540695,Not Recommended,275850,25476188,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,MiniFestSam,"VERY UPSET!!! i paid for this game and have been really looking forward to it, every time i try to play it it loads up, a few planets fly by then it returns me to desktop, WHAT IS THE POINT OF THIS GAME IF IT  DOSNT WORK???????!!!!!!!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?? :(][][][][]][[][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][  DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!!  [][][][]][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][[][][[]"
76561198120075922,Not Recommended,275850,25897350,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Ya1are,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..NO MAN'S SKY???F**k this♥♥♥♥♥♥/spoiler]"
,Not Recommended,275850,25898214,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Kfish,horrible
76561198261948906,Not Recommended,275850,25586333,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Psilopete,"Great visuals and that's practically it. Got bored after 2 h play time. Not worth $60, not even $20. I feel cheated."
,Not Recommended,275850,25586676,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Shadarek,Awful game compared to its advertisements.
,Not Recommended,275850,25586393,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,ArchimusOAF,My last review was after 20 hours when I finally left the starting planet because my OCD made me want to explore it fully. That was literally the whole game. They had better develop this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198303637946,Not Recommended,275850,25699900,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,telos469,"You could spend as much time cleaning lint from your belly button and would be better entertained., and that would be  significantly cheaper.Terrible. Tedious. Redundant. Boring. If it were a free app on my phone, I'd have played 1/10 as long and deleted it."
76561197978468181,Not Recommended,275850,25871014,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Rendbaek,"If you take this game for what it actually is, its a grind. No Story, no clear goal and no real purpose.10 hours into the game its basically just a repeat of the same 3 or 4 things over and over.Upgrade your ship, Learn alien words, Grind some resources to power things and repeat.I was only entertained by this game for 10hours, and this was post early launch jitters and performance issues that had been resolved. I do not think this was ever a 60$ title.I got bored 15 hours in and went online to find the ending.Havent played it since, DO NOT waste your time on this.MineCraft was a more complete game on launch in my opinion."
76561198026640341,Not Recommended,275850,25605556,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,cloudstrifelv9,a pile of interstellar trash. DO NOT BUY
,Not Recommended,275850,26232093,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,ROAD ROLLER DA!!!!,"This game tought me never to preorder again, thanks for helping saving the industry Sean Murray!"
76561198109883102,Not Recommended,275850,26222851,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Ranger Rick,"Okay, I'd first like to start off by saying, dang, I will never preorder any game ever again. Ever. But second I was one of the most excited people for this game. I preordered months before, I watched every trailer, I was extremely ready for a game of this caliber. I believed, at least from what I had been promised by trailers and interviews, that I could find other people, have large space battles, pretty much do anything I want in SPACE! I LOVE SPACE! Until I realized, about 1 hour in, ""Oh, a lot of these planets look similar, well mabye its just this system."" So I built a hyperdrive, jumped for the first time, so exciting. Landing at the next station, and realized its exactly the same exept a different shaped cardboard cutout alien sat at the counter. I go down to the planet, oh the aliens and plants and minerals are the same. Well sh*t. So I go to the next system and then the next, frantically hoping to get a better result see somthing different, follow Atlas, anything new, nope. Want an even bigger mind f*ck, the center of the galaxy is just a wormhole to another new galaxy, that's the same; as with the one after that, and the one after that. I wasted 24 hours of my life, one day on this garbage. If you want to buy this game, I'll provide you with a noose, once you realize after a few hours that steam won't refund it. Even though you played only 2 and a half hours and  learn of the bulls*it that's been shoved down your throat. Then you get their email back, ""Sorry"" they say, ""but thanks for the cash you moron."" If you want to rip your eyes out and empty your wallet on a package of broken hopes and dreams, buy No Man's Sky. Because the title says it all. No one plays it, therefore no one soars through its fabulously graphicly designed sky. Thanks, and Goodbyep.s.: You might be wondering why I waited so long to give this sterling review. I just woke up from the coma this game sent me into."
76561198272055958,Not Recommended,275850,26246924,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,erenots,Waist of 60 dollars.
76561198058638607,Not Recommended,275850,26298884,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,M'lady,No Mans's Sky was a mistake
76561198076810096,Not Recommended,275850,25346458,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,mpmckenzie15,game just sucks.
,Not Recommended,275850,25509273,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Grunt,"----------------------------------Partially updated for Atlas:The core, heart, soul of this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing bad.It reminds me most of X-Rebirth - explicitly targeting child mentality with the way it does things and how it approaches things. Maybe the Korvax are secretly screaming ""SHOW ME YOUR WARES!..... SHOW ME YOUR SKILLS!.....""Wanted to like this thing from the beginning. Impossible. Gave Foundation a true chance and explored it as extensively as I could manage.It's so horrendous for me at this point I can't even stand the core game play long enough to reach whatever was actually added by 1.3It's just a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥----------------------------------Updated for Foundation:For me the foundation update wound up reinforcing just how truly♥♥♥♥♥♥filled the entire NMS game flow design really is.Everything - every single thing you can do - is intentionally artificially sloooooowed down. Right. That's by design and was like that on release.I hadn't touched this thing for months. Went back in hoping to see if they did any real, serious changes. No. No they definitely didn't do any of that from what I can see.They planted their turd-flag.The whole update floats on top of a pathetic, superficial existence that we all experienced from ""playing"" the release version when the thing came out. We basically got to see, directly, just how trivial things really are because they rushed it out so they could later decide wtf to add they could call ""content"" I guess.So now with what they're calling ""content"" - it's just a bunch of window dressing - fragile ornaments hanging off this extremely weak-walled game. They're depending on their core design to hold it up like pillars, and it fails miserably.It didn't add depth - it simply made it even more clear just how god damn horrific the underpinnings of the game really are.How? Why? Because now it depends even more, not less, on the few repetitive actions you can do / have to do, over and over and over and over.... and over... and over.. and they're not fun things to do. None of them. At all.Time to delete, again. Guess many of us really did flush our cash right down a toilet, and we'll probably do so again plenty, but not with these developers.----------------------------------Original review:At the moment there is NO way this game can be recommended with a straight face.Very early on you'll have a bit of fun learning and doing things you haven't done yet.You'll quickly realize - oh, right, that's it. That's all there actually is. Just the same extremely limited number of things to repeat until the sun burns out or you just stop playing.Among many aspects that are extremely tedious and annoying, just to describe one it seems clear they intentionally designed the inventory systems to try and force the player to repeat the limited things to do over and over as much as possible - probably because there's nothing else to do.There are enough people thatvery badlywantto enjoy the game so much they immediately jumped into making mods to try and sort out some of the dip♥♥♥♥♥♥design decisions made by the developers.So - several aspects (flying behavior, inventory and a slew of others) can be changed to remove them from the list of tedious crap, which is great and extremely helpful.Of course the problem remains - there's still nothing actually interesting to do after you've done themxtimes.There will plenty who are stubborn trying tosqueezesome kind of extended fun out of the $60 thrown at Sony... I mean HG.Most will probably just get fed up, cuss the screen, the game, the developers, rage quit, delete the game and move on saying it's yet another lesson learned.Ideally the quality and content lessons need to be learned by the developers and publishers, not the gamers.But since there's such a severe lack of actual quality available we keep jumping and hoping the next will be different.Not yet.If HGwantsto fix this shallow piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥they definitely can. They could add real, extremely significant amounts of compelling content. Will they? No idea, but if they do and it works people will change their opinion based on real reasons.For now - the negative reviews in general are absolutely warranted.Avoid until they make it fun or it's $5 sitting in the♥♥♥♥♥♥bucket sale category."
76561197971127230,Not Recommended,275850,25158550,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,BloodSpiller,"Deserves a review:Do not buy in its current state unless the price is 15$,. We the purchasers have been given a lie, a fully gutted, rush to release date lie. The game was gutted or to make release date possible, or we have been utterly lied too, not 1 of the things that was ever spoken about in interviews and panels, and events like E3 are true. No giant sandworms, no giant creatures, no creatures rustling through the trees roaring at you.No variation in planets, no variation in rare elements, nor are they rare.... No minecraft like building system, where the players make stuff on there own by trial and error. No naming ships, there's about 20-30 different ship models thats it.... for infinite possibilities that's pretty low. Same with planets, at tops 20-30, and that's probably generous.The game was gutted. Or we were lied to simple as that, and still no answers as to why. Maybe they are rolling in cash? Maybe they are rolling in cash in their safehouses scared to publicly apologize for lieing. Who knows.I really hope, and still think its too early, but i really hope they fix their mistakes. The game is garbage. It was fun till I got to the center and got sent to a new galaxy with everything broken, and almost dieing while initializing because i was spawned on a Danagerous sentinel planet. Really dumb design if you can die or almost die while waiting for the game to let you move around. Just untested, gutted, pile of poop. Yes I have lots of hours because i had to check everything, and its nothing."
,Not Recommended,275850,25509177,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Red_Wolf,"I bought No Man's Sky for a game that has a multitude of option, exploreability, and a vast Deep universe. the Developers promised us many things that are not implemented, including but not limited to:Planetary physicsShip classes with meaningful differentiationFaction reputation with meaningful gameplay impactHomogenous resource availabilityAsteroid landingsSpace station and fleet destructionLarge fleetsTraveling freightersLarge scale battles the player can joinIn-atmosphere battlesNPCs outside trading posts and other docksRinged planetsSand planetsFlying between stars (as opposed to warping via the Galactic interface)Complex creature behavior including environmental interactionRiversPoints of interest such as large structures and crashed freightersHacking locked doorsRadio chatterInteraction with other playerssince most of these features are used and (not) seen after your first planet, and since I explored the first planet thoroughly I did not see that these promised features where not implemented until after the refund time had expired. Between what they have said about what the game would be an the features that they promised it is clear that they have clearly violated the trust between the game company and the gamer as well as committing false advertisement."
,Not Recommended,275850,25508377,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,aviation,Unfortunately this game was not the way i expected it to be. What they promised is quite far off from what it became
76561198005445918,Not Recommended,275850,26296694,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,NecroLyte UDL,You'll have more fun masterbating with sandpaper.Do yourself a favor and spend your money on a voodoo doll of Sean Murray to make him pay for his lies.
76561198042983550,Not Recommended,275850,24845891,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Fellatia McSuckle,Game looks like dog♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,275850,24916551,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Nuggs.,"I sorta wish that I got a refund.. gave it a few more hours to see if there was something that I was missing..There's is nothing to do! Like once you've sort of explored around for a bit, extracted some reasources.. you've pretty much done it..Meet a new Alien.. he doesn't even move, grunts, text appears..Go to a brand new planet! Slighty different colours.. small differences..No fighting..and most of all, no one else exists..Just, NOTHINGGGGGGG to do ugh, the most over hyped piece of garbage I have ever wasted money on..!"
,Not Recommended,275850,24977684,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Lynx,"I ignored the reviews still fumed by the years-long hype. Bought the game, enjoyed it for several hours and then it crashed. When I returned, my save file/progress was gone. I checked around the interwebs and found people with similar issues with no resolution in sight. Being as everything I did felt like a unique and fulfilling accomplishment, I felt bruised and wounded and was too irrated to start again, especially not knowing if said 'vanishing save file' would happen again. I understand bugs here and there, it happens, but don't **** with a gamer's save file bro. This game could be promising, but they should have released it after proper testing. Pass on it for now and wait for both a price drop and for ALL the issues to be properly resolved."
76561197996933259,Not Recommended,275850,25100341,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Z3US,Refund button works well!
,Recommended,275850,34196570,Posted: 12 August,all,RightDeadFred,"I've always enjoyed No Man's Sky, even at release, despite being flawed, there aren't many games like it. Yes, it is techically a survival crafting game, it offers a very cool, chill, exploration experience that I really enjoy. I've never really been able to binge on the game for long periods of time, but every time a new big update comes out, I usually play for several more days. Like I said, I enjoyed base No Man's Sky, each of the updates improves on the game significantly. Base building, Land vehicles, and the new one, 1.3, seems to be a major overhaul and rebalance of base game systems and visuals while also adding the groundwork for multiplayer and portals between worlds. I never felt like my $60 was wasted on the game, and each update makes it a better and better deal. I think it is worth full price, but at a discount, it is a steal."
,Not Recommended,275850,25300278,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Raive,PLEASE SIGN AND SHARE EVERYWHEREhttps://www.change.org/p/hello-games-compensation-for-no-man-s-sky-players?recruiter=314360859&utm_source=petitions_show_components_action_panel_wrapper&utm_medium=copylink
,Not Recommended,275850,25245896,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Chise Ebola,"Completed the game with an open mind, I thought ""Yeah ok, it's not what everyone expected, I'll give it a go."" I have never been more dissatisfied with any game.After finding constant holes where one can only assume there were supposed to be gameplay features, the developers have not delivered on their promises.I encountered no technical issues, however boredom set in quickly and the ending was underwhelming at best and straight up insulting at worst.I have requested a refund, hopefully I will be eligible. I can think of 18 quintillion better ways to spend my $90 NZ."
,Not Recommended,275850,25239938,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,ACE,"I would have been very happy paying $30 for this game. The ending is the biggest slap in the face of any video game I've ever played. I finished the main story line in 10 hours. I kept playing, waiting to unlock the magic hype of the game to be extremely disappointed. Wait until the bugs are fixed and the cost goes down. Not recommended as is."
76561198045173337,Not Recommended,275850,25239951,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Datdat92,"This game is not worth the $60.  I have seen more depth and content from my early access games (similar genre).  It is an endless grind, with very few things to do.  The game is enjoyable for some time, but quickly gets old. You basically fly to a slightly different planet and do the same thing each time.Maybe after a few mods have come out and players add the content the game will be where it should have been from the beginning.  My recommendation is to wait until this game goes on sale, which should be soon."
,Not Recommended,275850,25257659,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Ballubidubi,This game is a lie and not what the developers promised. I did give the game a fair try because it was supposed to be epic. After logging 26 hours I have to give up. The game is so far from what was told on the web and in the media by the developers that it borders to beeing a scam. And movies and pictures in Steam don´t even represent the real gameplay.
76561198031297217,Not Recommended,275850,25343158,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Mitsubishi Macchiato,"I should have waited to read the reveiws on steam, so that I could have kwown that I would have my money stolen from me. But I was too excited for the many lies that were soon to come. If you are reading this, do not purchase the game. I'm sure most know this by now, or can at least look at the reviews for how terrible of a let down this lie filled bore fest actually is. Good day."
,Not Recommended,275850,25216267,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Yehti csgoroll.com,No Mans Lie
76561198045936894,Not Recommended,275850,25166985,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,KOOSALAGOOPAGOOP,"Would be good if it was for 10-15 euro, not 60."
76561198006069100,Not Recommended,275850,25795657,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Merc,This game is completely awful. How is it still 59.99?
,Not Recommended,275850,25436698,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Virtwizzo,"I was so hyped by this game, and suddenly the most dissappointed I have almost ever been in a game. I wanted it to be what it was advertised as, but that was some convincing bs. I would recommend buying this game only if it is under $10. Still get a refund afterwards, though."
76561198302835268,Not Recommended,275850,25348030,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,asaflippen1995,False advertisement at it's best.
76561198090426256,Not Recommended,275850,25239115,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Nicolas_RDZ,"Repetitive and boring, stay away from it."
,Not Recommended,275850,25629007,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Noah Spidermen,"It's like they built an engine for a great game, and then forgot the game."
76561198028797754,Not Recommended,275850,25113883,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,McLoving,"Un juego muy repetitivo. Un universo de extension un centimetro de profundidad.Este juego me ha decepcionado. Por un lado si ofrece un universo de proporciones inmensas, los paisajes que se pueden ver son muy bonitos, los graficos se ven interesantes a simple vista.Sin embargo es todo muy vacio y muy repetitivo. Una de las proesas del juego, su universo generado de manera aleatoria, se convierte tambien en un problema mayusculo, puesto que todo en el juego se siente generico, no hay nada que se sienta especialmente unico ni original y despues de 2 horas de juego y unos cuantos viajes interestelares ya se ha visto todo lo que el juego puede ofrecer. El incentivo para jugar despues de ese punto disminuye enormemente.Problemas graficos: el juego sufre de parones en la imagen constantes que distraen mucho y le restan inmersion al juego.En conclusion es un juego que vale la pena comprar cuando este descontado, pero precio completo no se justifica."
76561197975075885,Not Recommended,275850,25115993,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,SirLadle,"As many if these reviews say, at 12+ hours into the game I'm still doing essentially the exact same thing I was doing in the beginning.Basically it's Minecraft without the building feature."
,Not Recommended,275850,25392149,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,=(e)= Travers,"The biggest lie of my life was finding out that Santa Claus, The Tooth Fairy, and The Easter Bunny were not real. THIS GAME JUST TOPPED THOSE 3 FOR BEING THE BIGGEST LIE OF MY ENTIRE LIFE."
76561198032365209,Not Recommended,275850,25417205,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Iamzombiefood,"I am fighting for a refund. This game was falsely advertised and should serve as a case study against pre purchasing games.You might think, it's a fun game- I want to catalogue all those creatures. NO! IT'S NOT FUN! Countless features are missing and all I found were planets with NOTHING IN THEM! I'm not going to give you any spoilers but you probably should get used to that if you buy this game.DO. NOT. BUY."
,Not Recommended,275850,25243144,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,ghost,"I didn't get my refund, thanks Obama. (♥♥♥♥ you Hello Games)"
76561198101996629,Not Recommended,275850,25224985,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Squizy,RIP MY MONEY:(
76561198115743239,Not Recommended,275850,25174207,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Swoll,Game does not come close to being what is advertised.  Missing features clearly said the game would have.
76561198052986375,Not Recommended,275850,25233029,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,BountyHunterX33,"I was excited about this game for a long time. I watched videos and read articles every chance I got. After the game was pushed back I began to get more anxious. When I finally got my hands on the game, I was let down completely. I talked my friends into purchasing the game so we could explore this galaxy together, only to be let down by the lack of multiplayer even though Hello Game's director Sean Murray said you have the ability to run into other players. On top of that, my computer had huge framerate issues with the game and would even crash. I do not recommend this game at all."
,Not Recommended,275850,25409943,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,sibobb,"This is my reviews from my No Man's Sky gaming experience:Pros:Graphics are amazingControls are smooth and simpleCons:All players who pre-ordered have been scammed. There are tens or maybe hundreds of other ships that are better than the ship we got from pre-ordering. The developer only wanted an excuse for pre-order players to not be able to get refunds. I have exchanged my pre-order ship for another and was dissapointed by the fact that we did not get a choice to put our old ships inside of hangars. We are not even able to keep our pre-order ships. Pre-ordering is literally POINTLESS. I feel as if we only received a cosmetic that disappears once you progress through a game.We are also sent to a random planet without any proper storyline or tutorial. Interaction with aliens is not necessary for a regular gameplay as you will never need to converse with aliens to advance through a quest or mission. The only reason you travel to space is to explore the game (usually what I do after finishing a game and completing the tiny details inside of it).Lastly, the developer is a conman. He falsely advertised the game explaining many features that are not even inside of the game. Lying about multiplayer especially, greatly changed the genre and theme of the whole game. I believe that the game is just 'failed spore rip-off' and should not even be bought/distributed to anyone or anything for any reason. The price of this game is inhuman for the current features it has."
76561198067976344,Not Recommended,275850,25361192,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Donisio,"Enjoyed it at first, but it became extremely repetative. I had high hopes for this game just like I did with Destiny and The Division. The only positive thing I can say is, I will not pre purchace any other game. This game was the final straw and I'm done listening to all the hype only to be let down in the end."
76561198004754491,Not Recommended,275850,25234082,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,kkmods,Anyone want to waste his money ?Buy this game.
76561198065151969,Not Recommended,275850,26197394,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Mist4213,Please for the love of god just give me my money back I can spend it on something that deserves it.
,Not Recommended,275850,25184151,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Revaero,"I'm pretty sure Hello Games' marketing practices are illegal in a lot of countries with how they mislead consumers into thinking that this game was going to be multiplayer and have many features that aren't actually in this game.My advice, don't buy this game, especially at the current price of $60.  Also, going forward, be cautious about buying anything from Hello Games."
,Not Recommended,275850,25063494,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,anent,"As much as I wanted to like this game I just can't say that I'd reccomend it. As some other reviews have said ""It's a mile long, but on't an inch deep.""pros:-biggest game ever-upgrading your gun/exosuit/ship can be fun-the way you interact with the aliens you meet is pretty enjoyablecons:-Flying is very lackluster and it's impossible to crash while on a planet, it's like there is an invisible wall about 30 feet above the surface of everything on the planet. Also landing is literally just pressing E... in a space game where landing on planets and surviving has a huge part, you can landanywhere at the click of a button...-can't look around your cockpit without a gamepad, you're stuck looking wherever your ship is facing.-the universe feels completely dead and unihabited despite there being trade outposts and a few observatories here and there, along with some giant cargo ships that just jump in and do... literally nothing, they just sit in space.-after about the 18 hour mark my multitool was extremely overpowered-basically no challenging enemies to fight, all of them die very quickly-The weather despawns when you go inside so it's a bit awkward when you hear rain hitting the roof but look out the window and see clear skies. This also happens when you enter a cave which looks really really bad.overall I'd give this game like a 6/10. It's not awful and has some good things in it, but it's not worth 60$"
,Not Recommended,275850,25888366,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Tango185,Please do not waste your time or your money.
76561198097846383,Not Recommended,275850,25202161,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,its_atmore,Can't wait for the 2018 release date...Where do I pre-order?
76561197960558177,Not Recommended,275850,26742422,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,JoT,Best inventory management simulator I've ever played.
,Not Recommended,275850,25129882,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,EZIO,THIS GAME CRASHES AT THE START
,Not Recommended,275850,25159823,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,TutubanaS,"This game has some serious problems. There is no g o d d a m n tutorial and because of this, it is hard to leave your first galaxy. To be honest, it wasn't that bad. I did enjoy my first galaxy... But there is no change between other galaxies. No curiosities. When you don't see any difference, you are starting to lose your will to play. You always name somewhere, you build the same things to different (no big differences between planets) planets etc. If you want to do same things for the price of this game, it is for you. Btw, price is high *** But textures are ok, they are lovelyYou wanna see the same♥♥♥♥♥♥ Yes? All the time? Yes? Really? Yes? You really want to waste your 59$? Yes? Then, it is a game designed for you...4.5/10"
,Not Recommended,275850,25128917,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,[Twitch] Dark King Joey,I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone.It has been a game built up on false promises and hopes and in the end all we have recieved is a stripped down version of what we were told.Right now alot need to be done to the game to make it worth while and at the rate Hello Games are going. I can't see that happeneing.
,Not Recommended,275850,25152829,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Alt-Right,should be illegal to sell this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198069541721,Not Recommended,275850,25156984,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Digiorno Unchained,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!The gameplay trailers and many of the pictures on the steam page are of things that aren't actually in the game. The entire gameplay video is literally fake. It's amazing that having that on your steam page isn't criminal. This game is a shell of what is shown in the trailers and videos. It's worth maybe $15-$20 at MOST. A 60 buck pricetag for this is actually laughable. I played for as long as I have because people insisted it gets better the closer you get to the center of the galaxy. After going through several black holes I found this to be false. The game is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ indie beta passed off as a AAA title. Tried to get a refund around 7 hours of playtime but steam declined it. Again, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. You're just supporting a company that lied and cheated it's players into buying this garbage."
,Not Recommended,275850,25125840,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,sirFreakish,I wouldn't even call this a $20 early access game because you will have to eventually pay for the features they lied about the game having.
,Not Recommended,275850,25055552,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Mr. Fluffy,"I wanted to enjoy this game more, but I feel it just lacks in so many ways. I started off like ""Oh this is pretty cool got to repair my ship."" It seemed fairly promising, but it quickly became very repetitive. Almost every planet is BORING, I have only come across one planet (a snow one) that was genuinely intersting and cool. But other than that every thing has felt almost exactly the same. In the trailers and screenshots they show these amazing planets and environments, but I have yet to experience any of it. So now I find that about 7 hours in I am already bored and see no reason to keep playing. BUT, mods seems like they could be what this game needs so I will keep an ear to the ground and wait. Hopefully, they can save this game. As of now this game is definitely not worth the $60 price tag, if you are considering buying it DON'T. Hold off until either a price drop or if the modding community picks up the slack of the developers."
76561197971888354,Not Recommended,275850,26507322,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,TOPSPY007,last time i made a mistake this big we had it aborted
76561198006564882,Not Recommended,275850,25079106,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Xanderius,"Very disappointed with the lack of features the producers promised in interviews. I understand things happen with deadlines..but push the release date further, make the game better. Follow Blizzard's footsteps."
,Not Recommended,275850,27566709,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,stupid1,Nominated for the biggest bait and switch of all time.
,Not Recommended,275850,26262723,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,=7Cav=SPC.Loot.J,Do not buy
,Not Recommended,275850,25862240,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Septo Slays,yee this game sukks
76561198001730172,Not Recommended,275850,25170486,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,BigDoctaD,"So much pontential, but just ended up being a waste of money and a redundant grind. As i've heard others say, an ocean of content to explore but its all only an inch deep. Then to make it all worse i left it on overnight and since i left it run i can't even get my money back for this even after i tried to post a response with steam. I would recommend avoiding this game at all costs unless you want to pay AAA prices for disappointment."
76561198136878954,Not Recommended,275850,25392878,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Royale,this game is dog♥♥♥♥♥
76561198098878429,Not Recommended,275850,25509500,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Loading...,Pors:1.Mr sean hype it up that was the most fun part2.I got my money backCons:1.the game was poorly made2.what i did get to play made me almost fall asleep
76561197963861512,Not Recommended,275850,25392881,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Fry - https://discord.gg/4hFQrv,Not worth the money at all.
76561198225892352,Not Recommended,275850,25075200,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,joshblues21,"Like everyone else says, it's boring and repetitive. I did all I needed to do within my first hour of play. Flight dynamics suck too, with no joystick or hotas support."
76561197999581709,Recommended,275850,34176827,Posted: 11 August,all,docdestro,"I never bothered writing a review for this game since the launch version was such a disappointment. But I have to say that despite all the backlash Hello Games really stepped their game up literally. The Foundation and Pathfinder updates were great addition but the game was still lacking in many ways. With 1.3 though it's night and day compared to release and it's been a blast. Environment aesthetics are gorgeous and varied, Color combination is much more organic, progression is much better, you actually have a lot of stuff to do now especially with the new story and of course low flight. I didn't cover everything but I can now with a clear conscience recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,275850,33792826,Posted: 25 July,all,imax,"A year after the release, this game is still full of disappointment and frustration.1) Everything is slow AF. Menu transitions are slow. UI animations are slow. You have to hold button for a full goddamn second to trigger any action (there's a mod though which removes this delay in most places). Doing anything feels like it's taking eternity and a half.2) Crafting and inventory system is really awkward to use. Amount of inventory slots you have is tiny compared to the number of items you'll need, so you constantly get ""INVENTORY FULL"" message. You can't talk to NPCs when your suit's inventory is full. You can't move things from exocraft to suit inventory directly, you have to transfer them to the ship first. Crafting a few of the same thing is awkward, because you need to craft one item in an empty cell and then manually stack it with existing item. It like the crafting system was slapped on later, but somehow it is a vital component of the game."
76561197982798561,Not Recommended,275850,24911650,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,$nakeam,"Game worth is 20$ max, sorry, over hyped, Refunded it. Best decision I made since I bought this.."
,Not Recommended,275850,25218854,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,RICH CHINKA,"It was fun for the first few couple of hours, then the game became repetitive and boring. I would not recommend getting this game. It was a waste of time and money."
76561197969351538,Not Recommended,275850,25218856,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,B1ack4dam,"This game was a complete and utter letdown. It offered almost none of what was promised, DO NOT be fooled by the screenshots and trailers, most of what you see (especially in the trailers) is not actually in the game. I wish I never wasted my money on it, heres hoping Star Citizen's development keeps going as well as it is."
76561197999446492,Not Recommended,275850,24846552,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,H2h0e,"Lets be honnest , this game is not well optimized , game crash , textures quality are kinda poor , they should have waited 1 more year to release that game , so far im disapointed , thinking about refund ."
,Not Recommended,275850,24846600,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Ish,"On the main menu the game was already stuttering and having framerate drops. Game started in fullscreen and in order to change to borderless it required a restart, but you can't get into the menu to do that until you wait through the lengthy initial cutscene.After you restart it brings you right back to the start of that cutscene, forcing you to watch it again, and when you get out of it to move around you find that you have a tiny fov and massive mouse acceleration, go into the menu again to change the fov with no effect, no options to change sensitivity, the mouse wont always click on options in the menu and for most of the arrows you're forced to click and hold a button to get it to change, rather than literally any other game that let's you simply click just as you do in your own OS every day.I was going to give this game a chance, but I'm not going to put up with this."
76561198026928232,Not Recommended,275850,24846603,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,AZIANZO,Titan x SLI yet only get 30FPS and drops further! Terrible - please sort this out.
,Not Recommended,275850,25081735,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,TheGruber92,"WAIT TO BUY THIS GAME!Hopefully everything Sean Murray told us that would be in the game, will be in the near future! After the fourth planet everything just looks the same! Hopefully that will give use the game they promised with the patches.-Combat is terrible. On land or space.-75% is NOT LOW so stop reminding me everytime!-Inventory interface is lacking and confusing at times.-Several features that were promised or just told that would be available are NOT.What bothers me the most is the fact that the Dev is dodging the questions or ingnoring them compleatley.♥♥♥♥ you, Sean Murray"
76561198038258727,Not Recommended,275850,25436449,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,primortis,Save yourself some money and do not buy.
76561198135639068,Not Recommended,275850,25334888,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,michel.cekleov,bad
76561198042013751,Not Recommended,275850,25123981,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Smokey,no
,Not Recommended,275850,25941372,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,#PRAYFORVEGAS,"hello games are lying cheating scummy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who deserved to be sued into poverty, just give us what we ask for and no-one has to get hurt."
,Not Recommended,275850,25212803,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Sun,"This is a bug infested game. Dont get it at 60, heck not even 30. 15bucks would be fair for some giggles.The game is one big lie that cant even run properly. Avoid!"
76561198009988404,Not Recommended,275850,25888570,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,intermath3000,5/7 would refund again
76561198052691509,Not Recommended,275850,25210232,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,goose909,"This game is the biggest let down ever. Lied to us blatantly,it really is terrible they can get away with fraud. First 2-10 hrs was ok but gets repetative and boring too quickly.Theres no mention of what to do with atlas stones, got to the tenth atlas and only had walk away option so now that part of the game is ruined,went to the centre and that also was a huge let down and after that no chance to do atlas stuff again so now absoluteley no interesting mission left to do. Do not buy this game its like paying AAA title money for a beta test game , if it had been £15-20 that would have been ok but this game at the price they charge is a disgrace and now wanting to charge for dlc is robbery. The only way i could stand to play this was by using mods,otherwise would have stopped playing earlier. The silence from them is also a total disgrace. Theres so much missing from the game they blatantly said was in it including thier fake advertisements it makes me so angry, you only have to watch some youtube to see how bad it is. The way i see it this game was a scam from hello games and playstation. DISGRACEFULL MISSADVERTISEMENT AND BLATANT ON CAMERA LIES."
76561198025460105,Not Recommended,275850,25270698,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Coltor,Tried really hard to play but with how bad it runs I've given up. Refunding for complete and well running games.
,Not Recommended,275850,25089626,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Sparkzy,Such a disappointment I now understand how my parents feel.
,Not Recommended,275850,25009818,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,TerraBite147,Spent 6 hours trying to fix the constant crashes and now steam wont refund me worst 60$ ever spent.
76561198086689212,Not Recommended,275850,25195669,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,An actual goat,"The game is not at all like advertised, runs poorly even on computers that meet specs, and has none of the features that were promised. Refund this game if you've bought it and wait until the developers put more effort into the storyline and any actual features."
76561198040997309,Not Recommended,275850,24846653,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Benevolent Bluetit,Minimum requirements are BS the game frequently drops below 10fps if you do anything. GTX 960 and I7 6700k
76561198062324350,Not Recommended,275850,25099204,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Trommari,"This game has so much potential!! The only thing I don't like about this, regretably is the graphics. My version has broken graphics that make everything (litterally everything) white with a large black circle when I look out in a certain direction. It's like playing in the dark for me. I cannot see anything unless I'm staring at white mass on a white background. I cannot do anything except ""walk"" toward smoke (along with the sky are the only visable things) and get in the ship. I can't harvest, explore, I can't do anything! I love to explore what a game has to offer, but there are so many bugs and problems that need to be refined. So please, fix the game so that I can play again."
,Not Recommended,275850,24846641,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Officer Sparky,"Thank you for delaying all summer and then 3 more days because Sony pumped you full of money to release it for PC 3days later and it not be working when it comes out for most people.Thank you for wasting my time. I'll change htis once its fixed.Oh Yay a hotfix that still didn't do anything, even with me changing the settings in the files them selves. Then I find Sean saying its ""the popularity"" thats causing problems. Well i'm not a game designer but I'm pretty sure if you spend years on a game, and delay it multiple times I think you should have accomplished atleast something more then a Pretty Title. I've avoided all spoilers yet then this happens. 60$ for a Pretty Title....EA I think you have competetion."
,Not Recommended,275850,25235279,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Wilson,"Bad performance and false advertisement, would not recommend"
,Not Recommended,275850,25141432,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,master henz,"so ive put 17+ hours into no mans sky and i really wanted to like this game but i dont feel like this is the same game that was promised at e3.the worlds look horrible by comparison,the creatures may look different but they all act the exact same and all you do in this game is farm,explore and upgrade.the story is a hair away from non existant and to be honest once you have been through atleast 12 different systems you have seem everything the game has to offer.meeting new alien races is boring because its the same exact interaction with no story just a trader and it should feel exciting and fresh with new stories and challenges with each new alien race you discover.id like to finish the game and reach the center of the galaxy however for all the reasons above i dont see the play time being worth my time for a very bland and repeitive playing experience and based on the entire playing experience i have a feeling the ending is going to feel like the entire game.BARE BONES AND BLAND....UPDATED....and btw i i beat the game and like seriously what the holy ♥♥♥♥?lol literally no ending and you start over,no pay off nothing to show for the hours upon hours of gameplay....do yourself a favor dont waste the money on this game you could play it for about 10 mins and get the entire experience but anthing past thats just the same crap"
76561198080783826,Not Recommended,275850,25132468,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,getgcs33,They show in their showcase videos the payer on surreal beautiful paradise-like planets... All I can land on is wastelands.. after hours of play.. and there are many other features completely not here as advertised! Why release a game you advertise that has 10% of what you advertise??!! Oh by the way forget multiplayer! Search for discoveries doesnt work either..
76561197980903354,Not Recommended,275850,25159582,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Dire,"Lies, deceit, boredom and crashes in a $60 indie game.Go and spoil the 'ending' for yourself in google"
,Not Recommended,275850,25129707,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Retard,Trash game for $60 dollars. Developer lies and overestimation and overexcitement of the features of the game. Don't buy it.
76561197988209401,Not Recommended,275850,25130595,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Gainer .44,The most boring game i have played in a long long long time.
,Not Recommended,275850,25134272,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,CupcakeJunkie,"DO NOT buy for $60, $60 is WAY too much for this game, just wait for a sale!!Now with that out of the way, I do like the game for what it is though.It runs decent on my 1080 but should run a lot better for being so graphically underwhelming, there's a lot of stutters, a lot of poor textures, and A LOT of bugs, however looking past that there is a good game here under all the lies, under all the bugs, under all the crashes, and the game under all those layers is good.It's something that I want so badly to recommend but I just can't at this price tag, $60 is WAY too much for what your given. Go buy Elite: Dangerous.3/5"
76561198293311867,Not Recommended,275850,25133500,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,azaxtot,Worst game ever. So boring and no plot. Acting in game is like trying to find any sense in for what you've spend money instead of Witcher 3 or DOOM. I think once there on planet I saw a tree wich I had planted in Fable.
,Not Recommended,275850,25186621,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Teh_turk,Game isn't worth your time. Minecraft or building legos is more fun.
,Not Recommended,275850,25166760,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Will from HR,Yay another time waste sim!I liked the game but its not for everyone nor is it worth $60
,Not Recommended,275850,24912211,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,ShawtyMuzic,"Mixed feelings.I also have no clue why its such so big game with no life in it?It feels so empty. even planets with 100 animals. #And if you start the game, the first hours is the whole thing youre doing in the game.i know its about exploring but really?you will find a space station maybe with 2 houses or at least 1 on a planet  and everytime youll get something it looks all the same, the houses, installation,  just look around and youll find another spacestation which looks exactly like the same. You will find Aliens, you giv them a bit oxygen and you can learn a new word. Gek for Gek.Anyway, I love the exploring so far might be its the whole Space to chill out while flying the spaceship.What really looks god for me is the transition if you fly into a planet or vice versa.but to thump up this game because of this, no.Im highly dissapointed somehow. I also find that 60Bucks aint worth for this Title.why is it such a huge place/system with always repeatables?update:2 months later after the 1.07 Patch from 02.SEP -  .. Foundation update hmhm ...its on the right track but still, meh content.let's wait for more .."
76561197985746008,Not Recommended,275850,25590124,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Stratigamo,I don't need to write why I'm giving a neg review because everyone already knows.
,Not Recommended,275850,25542066,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,zoads82,"-Overpriced for the Contents it has-Ending is insultingly Pretentious-No Ablilty to build (Building, Ships, Space Station, Etc.)-No Multiplayer-Had the same ship and pilot at space station 3 time at multiple times throughout the game.-Minecraft has more features than this game-Promises Broken-A EA game with AAA Pricing is always wrong-little to no story-No political system or cities on planets-Not a very realistic UniverseThe only pro is that this will be my last pre-order."
,Not Recommended,275850,26417947,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,BLiZZ-,moneywastesimulator 2016
,Not Recommended,275850,25880181,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Zackhario,"I still want my money back......................./´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\...Once ASA conclude their investigation, you're ♥♥♥♥ed Sean."
76561198015746341,Not Recommended,275850,25451116,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Jamez,The biggest disappointment since my birth...
76561198052337834,Recommended,275850,34276893,Posted: 16 August,all,Cinnasticks,"I originally purchased this game when it first launched and returned it immediately to the store within 4 hours. It was god awful horrible and a massive disappointment, after all the hype and build up there had been around the title.Cut to one year later and I find myself actively waking up earlier just so I can cram in an hour or two of play time before my errand running for the day.The Devs have really given player feedback their utmost attention, and have implemented a series of HUGE updates to the game over the course of the last year. Each update has added crucial key elements to the game, make it an absolute delight to play. This is truely the space exploration game I was looking for!The controls are better stream lined right off the bat, the graphics over haul is stunning on my PC, and the mission/campaign system has added in a depth to the universe that was sorely lacking in the launch title.While still inexcusable for companies to launch partially finished games, these guys did their best to recompense with the players and leave their game a proud legacy.EDIT:36 Hours into my journey to the center of the Universe, and I'm still enjoying my game time. Gameplay is similar to many other sandbox survival explorers--collect a ton of different materials to slowly upgrade your tools and equipment. Each upgrade is earned and makes a satisfying impact on your ability to survive, farm, or defend yourself in epic space battles. Inventory management can be a nightmare--especially once you unlock all the exocrafts, have multiple starships, and are working your way up to a freighter you're looking at up to 10 different inventory screens, all with different management mechanics. I learned the hard way not to horde materials unless they were rare, as the clutter gets absurd and prevents you from exploring until you clear your boxes.The story is dark. The characters don't branch like the big RPG epics, but you find yourself personally involved in their fates and desperately trying to help your scientists out...and quickly learn the futlity of it. It sets an atmosphere of truly being alone, despite the populated trade posts and space stations. And you're driven by a Lovecraftian desire to know more of the unknown, and to solve the big mystery at the center of it all:What is the Red Eye?"
76561198017759099,Recommended,275850,34205811,Posted: 12 August,all,Feimous,Hats off to this team for their continued dedication!
,Not Recommended,275850,25001648,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Drspaceman667,"I'd like to think that one day I'll recommend this game, but a lot of work will have to be done to it. There is no guarantee that the developer will ever update the game even though they say they will. They don't have to and there's no real reason to do it. Why would people buy this game now that they know what it is?This is a game only about inventory management.The animal AI has the creatures walk around in circles. Only circles. I've never observed them eat or do anything interesting. Sea life does less. The trailers lied, they said the animal AI would be advanced. The animal behavior reminds me of the simple creature behavior from Morrowind, and that game's been around for years.Space battles are boring, only one weapon. Fighting robots on the ground is boring, only one weapon (and the robots look exactly the same on every planet). The inventory system makes collecting resources infuriating. And the game doesn't run well if it runs at all.Now Hello Games is teasing Paid DLC. I wonder if they'll add half the things they promised for the original release.Seriously, Sean Murray talks only about his new super cool cloud generator for the game. ♥♥♥♥ the clouds, fix the AI and add some more Goddamn assets so every ♥♥♥♥ing planet isn't covered in the same three recolored mushrooms and flying robot police."
,Not Recommended,275850,24977623,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Th4rrick Laws0n,"I want to recommend this game, I really do. But I can't. So much of the stuff that was promised isn't in there, so much of the stuff in the trailers used to sell the game doesn't exist. It's Starforge all over again."
76561198000569478,Not Recommended,275850,25141610,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,P42ALPHA,Garbage game
76561198141533987,Not Recommended,275850,25246683,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,rfw,not wort 60
76561198056616805,Not Recommended,275850,25251492,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Zapp Fresh Memes,"WOW what can i say, you should not buy this graphics are♥♥♥♥♥♥gameplay is♥♥♥♥♥♥a lot of bugs glitch nad its not worth 60 dollars."
,Not Recommended,275850,25328793,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Evoke,This game is 100% not worth it.
,Not Recommended,275850,26561883,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Blockheadharper,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░No Mans Sky▐▄▄▄▀░░░
,Not Recommended,275850,25094209,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Captain Trips,"I can't reccomend this game unless it's on a deep discount. It's a cool idea and if you like exploration games you will find some enjoyment in it but it is way, way too shallow. Once you have played for an hour or two you will have experienced everything the game has to offer mechanically."
76561198004665953,Not Recommended,275850,25198766,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,bonesbro,"The concept is great, but the gameplay and game systems barely even feel sketched in.  You will spend much more time swearing at your frustratingly tiny inventory than you will on anything that feels like exploration or discovery."
76561198255959704,Not Recommended,275850,25274287,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,fearedpyro,after playing it for only 4 hrs it does not load anymore. as i try to load the game it crashes my computer
,Not Recommended,275850,25506480,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,shaklebakle,why
76561198020522029,Not Recommended,275850,25258445,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Belegurth,Glad I got the refund. Game feels so barebone it's ridiculous. Got three hours in and already ran out of truly 'new' or 'exciting' things to discover. Material Grinding Simulator 3000.
,Not Recommended,275850,25258453,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,ModifiedRaven,"This game is very very poorly optimized, and the recent patches made the game even worse. It was fine out first until they screwed all of us over. I have a very good pc, yet this game runs very poor"
76561198125476776,Not Recommended,275850,25277320,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,VeracodA,want refund
76561198029852831,Not Recommended,275850,25006182,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Eadguy,"I do not write many reviews, but this game infuriates me so i feel the need to do just that. No Man's Sky was promised to be the space survival/exploration game of the ages, and the trailers showed us just that. But what we got instead was a sixty dollar early access game.The utter lack of a defined goal is the real bother for me. In minecraft (sorry but it is the easiest game to cite since it really kicked off the gather/exploration/survival genre for me) you make a stone pickaxe and you gather resources so you can create MANY other things, not just tools. For example, I make a stone pickaxe and gather 200 stone. I can do many things with said stone, you can make a house, another tool, a furnace, or make it into another type of stone in which to make other things. There are so many options! In No Man's Sky you gather a resource to upgrade your tools (ship,multitool,exosuit) and said upgrades let you gather more things or carry more things. ""What are you gathering all these things for? So you can gather more things better!"" Without something else to do with these materials, there is no goal to achieve and it really waters down the whole experience for me.This is the reason among many others (but that one being the biggest) why I have requested a refund for this game."
,Not Recommended,275850,25189243,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Itchy....Tasty,"Best refund simulator in the universe! Took me less than an hour to realize that this game was an overpriced, overhyped, boring, ugly, buggy, and unoptimized piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I would go as far as to♥♥♥♥♥♥off today's overly sensitive, politically correct, whiny society when I say, you're flat out ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ if you pay $60 for this♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game is at most worth $15 for the amount of content you have. I didn't play through it too much because it was just very grinding and annoying. It doesn't help that the performance is terrible and everything else that people have said is true. I will be honest I played for maybe about an hour, I'm not sure but what I played was not impressive and it didn't feel play or even sound like it deserved to be slapped with a $60 price tag. V sync for whatever reason, does not seem to function for me at least. I'm running the game on an I7 6700k, 16 gigs of RAM, and an AMD R9 290 Tri-X which should easily smoke anything this game can throw at me. WRONG! This must be a strange anomaly that requires a ridiculous amount of computing power like crisis but it looks barely a step up from ♥♥♥♥ing Minecraft. That may sound a little harsh because it's obviously quite a bit better looking than Minecraft but it's nothing special to warrant such terrible performance bouncing from 30 fps and only hitting 60 when I'm standing still or doing very small things. I don't know why I'm even writing this review because there are plenty of people here that you can take their word for it if you don't like what I have to say. I will not be purchasing anything else from this developer unless they get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together and actually make a game that's worth what they're going to charge. I think another round games learned their lesson because we're getting Mortal Kombat XL finally. Let's just see if these idiots can fix their crappy product and give it the content that warrants a $60 price tag"
,Not Recommended,275850,25073329,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Boreasos,"The first few hours in this game are great. The potential is layed out before you, and it all seems so vast and rich. All too soon, however, the illusion starts to fall apart. You start noticing the small things, the fact that the aliens and ships are all the same, that the resource gathering gets tedious, exploration becomes repetetive. So much of what was promised is not in the game that all we are left with is a shell of a game, a hollywood movie set that looks good, but has nothing behind the closed doors.As someone so aptly put it, as wide as an ocean, but as shallow as a puddle."
,Not Recommended,275850,25095210,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,mattfast1,"Controls are unclear, either I was missing something or my device that exceeds the minimum requirements could not run the game very well. It took a scant 11 minutes of play for me to decide to pull the refund chute, and I think I spent 3 of those minutes looking for the exit button with another 6 or so spent watching my ship zoom through space with no other info given.I'd give it another chance on better hardware and with a better introduction sequence. As for any other problems with the game, I can't speculate on how good it might be."
76561198304398555,Not Recommended,275850,25136438,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,NNHA_Cryptic,"SPOILERWhen you reach the center of the Universe nothing ♥♥♥♥ing happens. It just pans out while playing some stupid♥♥♥♥♥music. So the one thing it had me playing for I just found out is completly pointless and is just a straight up ""♥♥♥♥ YOU"" by Hello games. On top of that they lied about so much♥♥♥♥♥♥somebody should sue them for false ♥♥♥♥ing advertisment!! Just don't buy this peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥until it is like $20 at the most."
76561198067130611,Not Recommended,275850,25211538,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Dynize,"Terrible game. Expect to land on the same planets over and over, to talk to the same NPC, to answer the same riddle, to solve the same math, to find the same ships, to pick up the same chemicals. I guess the silver lining is maybe you could explore with friends.... oh wait. Nevermind that was a lie. This game is over hyped and was blatantly lied about by devs. DO NOT BUY!!!"
76561198006579322,Not Recommended,275850,25140520,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Tombstone,"So disappointed......I gave this game a hearty try, over 25 hours played, just begging to find a planet or creature that blew me away, or some event that was just awe inspiring. But nothing happened. I truly wish I could get my money back, absolutley nothing that was talked about prior to release was real, I feel like I was scammed which is probably true and most of us were. This is yet another overpriced rushed piece of garbage that will sit and rot in my games library.So so wish I requested my money back.....Tip. Dont even buy it on sale, save your money for a blood DLC for another game lol Mainly just dont support developers that blantantly lie to thier customers and then disappear once its released."
76561197974166326,Not Recommended,275850,25140530,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,popsicko,Move along........Nothing here to see or even get excited about...
,Not Recommended,275850,25125967,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,-QC- FreAk,Its a game designed to keep you engaged beyond the two hour refund policy... which is when you realize about 1/2 the stuff Sean Murray said would be there... is not there.
76561198047942317,Not Recommended,275850,25127416,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,乇乂T尺卂 丅卄l匸匚,Game doesnt allow you to make use of what you are able to build.  The most prominent example is that your warp drive can be upgraded to go 1500 lightyears however when you're going to a waypoint the farthest i could get it to plot me a jump was 1000.  This shows up in many other features.tl;dr Game gives you fun toys doesnt allow you to use them.
76561198264375984,Not Recommended,275850,25156193,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,STREAM-BEN,I payed 66 dollars for an early access game.Does anyone have a noose I can borrow?
76561198201933820,Not Recommended,275850,25169626,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,just sauce,HA More like No man's Buy. hahahhahahahahhahahaBut seriously f#ck this game 2/10
,Not Recommended,275850,27896665,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ozzy*,"WARNING - AFTER 2 WEEKS, YOUR DISCOVERIES GET DELETED (EXCEPT PLANETS AND SYSTEMS). (which btw, you don't find out until you've played it for those 2 weeks, or someone tells you)It doesn't matter what kind of an update this gets, until that issue is addressed, there is literally no point in playing this game.More than happy to update this review once this gets addressed."
,Not Recommended,275850,24886474,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Shwifty,"No mans sky is a very bad port!Not only does this run like a slideshow it is also extremely repetitive, do not buy yet and refund while you still can."
,Recommended,275850,30429111,Posted: 10 March,all,Ⓢ loucast,"We had hundreds of very bad AAA Games,Hello Games have the Courage to stick to the game until its worth it,the latest updates make this game worth the price tag espacially with the -40% Offer"
,Recommended,275850,34173557,Posted: 11 August,all,Sir RageQuitsALot,"It was a funny punchline, but the team really has gone to town with providing value for money since launch.I'd still say it's in progress, but it's finally worth it, especially if you can get it on sale.Of course, if you enjoy complaining about things, you can always find more faults to enjoy complaining about."
,Recommended,275850,27869612,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Plifet,"I completely understand why this game has a largely negative review score: it's most definitely not the game that many were expecting. Even so, I would still highly reccommend this game to anyone. When the game came out, it was a slow grind-fest of resource collection and practically baren planets. Many of the features Hello Games had said would be in the game were absent; what was given was pretty much an Early Access game for full price. Thus far this sounds really negative but hear me out. Many people that played the game had the sole intent of getting to the fabled ""center of the galaxy"" as quickly as they possibly could and realised that the game is actually not as long/rewarding/intersting as they had hoped. I will tell you right now: DON'T RUSH THROUGH THIS GAME. If anything, don't even journey towards the center. Take your time. Get to know a single star system for a large amount of time and you'll see what Hello Games was going for: a sprawling universe with almost endless posibilities. Personally, I found the game most rewarding when screenshot hunting. The game, although not graphically the most beautiful game (compared to something like The Witcher 3 or Battlefield 1), it has an almost breathtaking art design that, when captured at the right moment can make any sci-fi lover squeal. Adding on to that, as of today (11/27/2016), update 1.1, a.k.a the Foundation Update, has been released. The Foundation Update brings an extremely comprehensive refresh to the entire No Man's Sky, making the game feel almost completely different. In short, base building is finally introduced; a new, harsher survival mode is also available; many tweaks have been made to the game overall to make the experience much more enticing. That's the beauty of this ""Early Access"" structure this game has. As Polygon said, ""No Man's Sky is the new Destiny,"" in the sense that Destiny, when released, was lacking in fulfilling package of content. However, look at the state of Destiny now: many still play the game and expansions have kept Destiny thriving years after it's initial release. The same is likely to happen with No Man's Sky. With the Foundation Update, this is the start of larger things to come.Also, in defense of Hellow Games, they are quite literally a fifteen person team: many AAA games are developed with teams spanning up to 500 people. The fact that No Man's Sky is playable in any state right now is quite amazing. In other words, let this small team work their magic: the game is still evolving to become their vision."
76561198036909594,Not Recommended,275850,24879677,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,WEiEATH,"Not recommonend FOR NOW. This game is not bad, in the first few hours, it is amazing to see a small group can make a small game with some much fun staff in it. The reason I dont use word 'content' is simplely because it really doesnt provide many things to do in the game. As I said before, this game will amaze u in the first few hours, after that it starts getting shallow, empty, repetitive and boring. Abanden base looks almost the same, except in different colors. Environment look almost the same as you further explore in to the stars. NPCs and animals in the game gives me the feeling they came from spore, so far I only found 4 different high-intelligence species, there might be more, yet they only serve as a gift machine or shop, which I really wish there could be some short quest from different species.This game is marketed as Exploration of the infinite universe, but I think they kinda failed it, there are infinite stars but they share a little bit too much similarity. There are maybe infinite species, but their existence has no meaningful thing to the game except fill up the emptyness.I havent reach the planet with large city on it or with large alien species population, make me feels like there are surely infinite stars out there, but they are lifeless. Hopefully my furture explore will discover some more civilized planet, but for now I will not recommend this game, I will keep this updated."
76561198009002514,Not Recommended,275850,25246750,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,daudia,This game is not worth the price. No content at all. Not even worth $19. Feels and plays to much like a free mobile game at best. Im being honest here and have spent some time in the game. Its all the same over and over again. Over hyped and over marketed game. Dont fall for it. Just dont do it.
76561198082165873,Not Recommended,275850,25246769,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Gentleman Dominator,"the game was way overhyped, and has so many issues. NOT worth 60$"
,Not Recommended,275850,25101445,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,KungRaseri,"Combat was lacking; sentinels were simple and boring; the wildlife wasn't very interesting. I never felt like I was in any real dangerExploration was fun for a little while, but really fell short for me in terms of variety.I could go on, but I feel a lot of people have had similar problems."
,Not Recommended,275850,25271651,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,[CC] Phibius,"Don't give Sean Murray your money. The game is Minecraft alpha with a nice texture pack. Buy Minecraft instead.The beginning is simple enough. Fix your ship, power it up, explore the skies. And then the problems arise. There is no real objective and the 12983709817243987234 planets they could create are boring. creatures are scarce, resources are limited and inventory is ALWAYS a problem. some things stack for convenience, other don't jsut to annoy you. You can't automate obvious and essential tasks, such as powering up your environmental suit. So every 30 mins ro so, you will open your inventory, scroll throughy our mods to your survival module, and feed it carbon or some other element you have thousands of. But that's it. Name things, learn languages (3), and explore.Very, very seriously, buy minecraft. not NMS. it's overpriced, it's barren, it doesn't have multiplayer, it fails to revolutionize anything and fails to even work out basic elements properly.Don't buy it. Ever."
76561198095293058,Not Recommended,275850,25183029,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,jordancotnoir,After 2 hours I gave it a positive review.after 6 hours I deleted the review and requested a refund but it was denied.Played 2 more hours to try to get my moneys worth.Said ♥♥♥♥ it.Requested another refund.
76561198053299466,Not Recommended,275850,25094216,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,=DRK= ScootScoot,Galaxy wide but an inch deep. in no way worth 60$. Wait till its 20 bucks. thats what its worth
,Not Recommended,275850,25435916,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Linneth The Tomateth,No.
76561197972619715,Not Recommended,275850,25013620,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Jesper,"20 hours in and the game is an empty shell (and probably will be years to come) and the existing content is flawed and/or downright boring. No variation at all except some generic monsters. Extremely basic harvesting, exploration, space combat and so on. I have a suspicion that while you start at a ""unique place"", you join a path that is shared by others towards ""the center of the galaxy"". Took only 3 jumps before someone else had been to the system i arrived in. Kinda removes the ""exploration part"" which was the primary reason i bought the game.I just nominated this for ""The game that made me cry..."" - i really WAS touched emotionally in a way i wasnt expecting..."
,Not Recommended,275850,26519355,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,NIKKEH,Yeah please can I have my money back
76561198026673855,Not Recommended,275850,25196429,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,sashenka953,"I originally love this game - mostly based on what promise I thought it held.  I actually loved the opening part of the game and lack of instructions.  I thought it leant authenticity to the experience.  Little did I know that once you figured our the controls and what to do, you stopped having anything to do other than the same things over and over again.  I really wanted to enjoy this game and I fought to try, but I found myself begging to be able to do something different.  The last thing I wanted to do was become an accountant trying to figure out how to store this or that and what to get rid of.  That was the only semblance of challenge in the game.  Bummer."
,Not Recommended,275850,25196505,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,MoonDoggie82,"Game needs a serious overhaul before I recommend people pick this up. Graphics are okay but frame rate issues, bugs and promises unrealized make No Man's Sky not worth the $60 price tag. Maybe $20 since Hello Games plans on making you pay for DLC that they said would be free."
,Not Recommended,275850,24981445,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Supernintendoh,"At First, Yes, it is kind of fun exploring the world and seeing whats out there. It does take a lot of your time in just one planet and there is a lot going on.Unfotunately it gets repetitive and eventually boring.Time cosuming at most.Eventually the game has a lot of missing promises. No Dinosaurs have been found, at least i havent found any. The game is a hype trainf and a No Mans Lies. I do not recommended. Whats worse is that the game does not justify a $60 dollar purchase. SAVE YTOUR HARD EARNED MONEY OR YOUR PARENTS MONEY! Wait for a sale at leaset. If you watch the video trailers, the game is nothing like that. At least I havent see it in the planets I visited."
76561198273289198,Not Recommended,275850,25120035,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Tom Haverford,"PLEASE DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY! I was hyping up this game for months, keeping track of all the news on reddit, this was the most excited I had been for a game. After 4-5 hours, the whole thing is extremely boring. Again, please don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,275850,25272275,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Parker8283,"Suffers from Overhype Syndrome. A terrible condition that plagues too many games these days.If you're going to ship a game as a AAA title, we're going to expect AAA quality. We didn't get that. I have a GTX 1080. It shouldn't STILL be lagging and become unplayable after a driver and game update. I get it, it's a small team. So if it's a small team, don't ship it as a AAA title game. If you do, we're going to hold you to AAA standards. No Man's Sky fell WAY below those standards.Do yourselves a favor; don't buy the game. If you did, request a refund. Even if you're past the 14-day policy, you still have a shot. I was past 14 days and got my refund."
76561198323169708,Not Recommended,275850,25211486,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Gorillapipe,Just extremely boring
,Not Recommended,275850,24918967,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Pineapple,"I only played it for 1 hour so take that as you will.I pre-purchased the game and was hyped about it but, as soon as I played it on PC, I  couldn't help but feel frustraded and, quite honestly, ripped off. I can't believe no one has mentioned how laughable the flying controls are if you're not using a controller. I fully discovered a planet but even after doing that I didn't feel rewarded. This felt, TO ME, like Minecraft in space, except you can't play multiplayer and can't build a shelter.60$? No, just no. Go buy a triple AAA game with that money. I would wait for this game to go on a Steam Sale"
,Recommended,275850,34178553,Posted: 11 August,all,Cola,"If you enjoy exploring for hours on end to your heart's content, this is the game for you. The 1.3 update has expanded on many features and adds a new story that makes exploring that much more exciting."
,Not Recommended,275850,25091400,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Rigsby,Pretty bland and boring. Repetitive.
,Not Recommended,275850,25218116,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Pure Sea,No Man's Sky? No Guy Buy
76561198055680216,Not Recommended,275850,24976677,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Mr. McSlippyfist,"No Man's Sky is getting mixed reviews because its not the game that everyone was expecting. It does a fairly decent job of being an open world, sci-fi survival/ exploration game (even though there are other games that accomplish that style much better). I also feel like most of the hate its receving isnt 100% deserved, as the developers were extreamly vauge in their description of the game, gamers were left to fill in the blanks which led to massive speculation. People thought this game would be so much more than what they showed, when in reality it was exactly that and nothing more. This game is great for people who have a lot of time on their hands and thoroughly enjoy other games such as Minecraft or StarBound. However, if you are looking for a sci-fi, space combat sim or a linear storly line with deep amounts of lore than i'd suggest looking elsewhere. At it's very core, No Man's Sky is a not-so-simple tech demo that was trying to be a full, $60, AAA game. This game will be extreamly enjoyable for a select group of gamers, but for everyone else, it will be just another hype-train derailed."
,Not Recommended,275850,24960100,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,x3lysium,I got 18 hours in this game (not that much) but i start my game and my save file is gone and i needed to start over? omg fix that♥♥♥♥♥♥hello games!..
,Not Recommended,275850,24961008,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,MoonzWolf,"Update: Atlas Rises has not added anything of value to the game. No Man's Sky has set the bar so incredibly low that people are happy with even the most pathetic of updates. If you waste your money on this, that's your fault. I can't be bothered to give a♥♥♥♥♥♥anymore.After eight hours, EIGHT HOURS NOT TWO, the game becomes a complete grind and bore. It has gotten so bad that Steam has had to put their refund policy ON THE GAME'S STORE PAGE because SO many people are trying to refund the game, because it's a complete failure and mess.Steam is currently endorsing false advertising with their actions, and if I do not get a refund for the complete lie that I was sold, I intend on never purchasing something through here again.There are other options that are far more consumer friendly than this."
76561197994218947,Not Recommended,275850,25781346,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Robinson,I WANT MY REFUND!
76561198017069621,Not Recommended,275850,25780895,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Pariah_33,give my money back
76561198033059805,Not Recommended,275850,24846566,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,the_norio,crashes instantly on opening. had to stare at crashed load screen for 5 minutes just to write this review. this will be the last pre-order i am dumb enough to fall for
,Not Recommended,275850,25262960,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,BurritoPlayzYT,"Vlave get ur♥♥♥♥♥♥together and allow us to get a refund, AND GET THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME OF THE MARKET."
,Not Recommended,275850,25262956,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Lychondy | The1st,"Not worth $60.  Do yourself a favor and buy it when it's $5 during the holiday sales.  That's really all it is worth.  If they decide to charge for DLC for those to paid at full price, it might be worth it to start a bigger campaign."
,Not Recommended,275850,25068634,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Stargate,"We were promised and showed a game in the trailers that didn't even exist, we were lied to. It took me awhile to admit but this was nothing more than a scam to me.The trailers show so many things that don't even exist, there is no factions, multiplayer, center of the universe.This game is like those Pizza commercials that show an amazing Pizza, lots of Cheese, Meat...then when you actually buy it in real life it's a pile of ****."
,Not Recommended,275850,25296292,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,MIJMIKE,"No.You lied.You lied to us and we won't forget.Bad move. I'll be applying for a refund through PayPal, I advise you all do the same."
,Not Recommended,275850,26209118,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,'.The Sev.',"Played it for a while, discovered that the entire game is encapsulated by repitition of ""Shoot rocks with a laser, fuel ship, fly around looking for something interesting, finding the same 5 things 100 times each on a planet, upload discovery names with a hundred variations of crass humor and vulgar anatomy names, go to next planet"" then start the process over.Starts out interesting. The first 5 hours were enjoyable. After that, the generic aliens just got annoying.Needed mods to fix some of the terrible design decisions,like that god-awful suit voiceover and the idiotic spring that pervents players from flying close to or even aiming towards the ground on planets.Was hoping to see some great content additions and fixes to the problems/missing features after a couple months, but so farHello Games seems to be dead and buried.Office is reported to be abandoned and refunds are being blocked (specifically by Sony for PS4, but the trend could sprial out).DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.Devs have likely completely abandoned ship. Game is too repetitive to even be a chill stroll in the park with nice visuals as it currently stands, and doesn't seem to have any future."
,Not Recommended,275850,25314189,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,MR CHOW,"not a really bad game nice in parts but once youve spent a few hours on it upgraded your suit ship and multi tool , there's not much more to do gets boring quite quickly after that , once you've explored a few planets they all seem quite the same , its a shame was the game i was most looking forward to playing in ages , refund requested , if it was £10-15 then it would be worth it but its not a £40 aaa game"
76561198057342417,Not Recommended,275850,26125147,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Dr. Steve Brule,"At the end of the day, it was a cool idea that was just never finished, in the future just push the release date out and finish it.  Such a cool and beautiful style was used when considering the art for this game which i can really appreciate, but i would have settled with worse graphics and a complete story/working game play any day."
,Not Recommended,275850,25330996,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,INConstant,"I'll keep it short cuz' i don't want to waste your time. After ofer 40h on this game (didn't reached the center 'cuz♥♥♥♥♥it) all I can say is that if you're the type of person who enjoys running around gathering resources to spend on walking around gathering resources, then this it your game.Space is boring, space stations are boring, outposts are boring, animals are boring, aliens are the most♥♥♥♥♥♥♥boring thing of all. In an universe that discovered inter-stelar travel you would expect more than some weird-looking, non-moving alien saying ""let me poke you with this needle"" ...Some planets are awesome, most of them are not. This is a game where the most exiciting thing is discovering a drop pod so you can expand your inventory so you can gather more stuff. Ships are all the same control wise (customization is minimal) but yes, you could become a pirate (put more weapon companions) or a trader (put less weapons companions to have enough free space) if and only your imagination is rich enough. From my point of view the space part could be ignored all together.I spend almost 10 hours on a planet just to test one thing: Sean said that you could play the entire game that way. You could, if you're into boring shaite. I would not recommend anyone to play the game like that. Things become repetitive really fast, blueprints are all the same, and there are no new things to discover... so it's all a hunt for resources.Overall, I would say no way, not now, not when it's 60 bucks."
76561197971335472,Not Recommended,275850,25378499,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,[AnL] Spyface,"I don't write reviews but they got me and my $60. I want to like this game, I really do but it crashes sooo much, and it takes me 5-6 times of trying to launch it before it finally loads. Usually I see the error No Man's Sky has stopped working more than I've seen the actual game content or story line.Less than 30 hours, that's still quite a bit of exploring but I have yet to find an atlas stone, yet to see any sort of story. The game feels beta, it feels pushed - it need serious work. I have horrible lag and when mining, the main part of the game, after a certain period the game crashes. Always while mining and sometimes my entire computer will shut down because of this game. I can play modded skyrim, GTAV, fallout, overwatch, doom all without crashing at 60+fps and this can't even run on my machine because it is a game that is not ready for release.A for idea and scope of the gameF for execution and hurried release.Patch the game and talk to your customers and fanbase you tools."
,Not Recommended,275850,25243096,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Spookifus,The game is lackluster. Repetitive and overall boring. Got 3 hours in and decided ive seen the entire game and what it has to offer. The game is poorly optimized and I just hope I can get a refund.
76561198018200368,Not Recommended,275850,25008695,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Birthcanal boatrider,"I can't help but feel that no man's sky greatly falls short of expectations. For awhile, the universe the game has created is certainly unique and ""dynamic"". However after several hours of gameplay, it really isn't, it is all just reskins/reshuffled arrangements of each other. Also, the range of things you can do within is limited, REALLY limited. In addition to that, the game suffers from a lack of innovation in terms of game objectives and npcs. I really wanted to say something nice about the game, and was hoping that it could at least deliver the same amount of fun I had playing freelancer back in 2000. Finally, there is no real point in any of the ""objectives"" in the game, ship/exosuit/gun upgrades are for nothing, there is really no point in grinding for any of it. If I had known how this game was going to turn out, I wouldn't have prepurchased it. Imho, in its current state, it would only be acceptable as an early access game and it definitely SHOULD NOT be priced at $60.TL;DR There is no plot, the game is anything but polished, do not buy this game.Petition for refund:https://www.change.org/p/hello-games-compensation-for-no-man-s-sky-players?recruiter=586834862&utm_source=share_for_starters&utm_medium=copyLink"
,Not Recommended,275850,25174845,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,NoQueso,"♥♥♥♥ this Goddamn game. The promises weren't met. I'd rather be stabbed in the eyes than to see multiple of the same bland planet or animals. Sean Murray will never get another penny from me again since it's too ♥♥♥♥ing late to get a refund. This game is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥that I wouldn't wipe if I took it.If you want to spend $59.99 on something, pay a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to kick you in the♥♥♥♥♥♥ It'll be more enjoyable than this god awful game."
,Not Recommended,275850,25243118,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,[LOST] joe_deertay,"TL;DR: The game is endless repetitiveness, I regret buying it, and we all should be careful when purchasing a large game from a small indie developer like this. They oversold and underprovided. After you've visited a few planets, you will begin to realize, EVERYTHING is the same *jazz hands* BUT DIFFERENT. /booooring :steamsalty:As you can see I've spent 2 hours on the game this last week, about 24 total. Enough time for me to find out if I would continue playing this game.No Man's Sky is an endless Universe with limited possibilities and the same monotonous long distance grind with complete and total emptiness. I can't help but feel lonely myself upon playing it. The sheer vastness and size of the in game Universe simply reminds me of humanities loneliness in this massive Universe of our own.As far as entertainment goes, No Man's Sky, a game I have anticipated for years; simply does not serve its purpose. In many ways I do feel tricked by the developers, they did a fantastic job keeping development on this game very 'hush hush', and continually delayed the release until they could release 'the best possible product'. Well I have to say guys, your best was definitely not good enough.I'd say I wasted 60$ on this, but in all honesty I have wasted more than that. The whole experience has become monotonous and a complete and utter let down, most of the plants on each planet is the same, many of the same models used for the creatures, there is very little variety after you have been to 15-20 different planets. The energy I've spent looking for as much information I could about this game, and getting all of my friends amped up about it too; I really just feel like a ♥♥♥♥ing idiot for getting tricked like this.I'll probably play it again some other time...Hopefully they use the money they have gained from this to continue improvement on it, I'm going to be more careful and wait next time when a game of this size comes from such a small studio, it is endless repetitiveness.Probably a crappy review, I'm not very good at this but whatever, I hope it helps some people realize this game is not worth 60$ with the amount of content it actually provides. It has 18 trillion different planets, each with basically the same stuff on it; not all that exciting."
,Not Recommended,275850,25319304,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,dabomb2830,"I really tried to get into the game.The first 20 hours or so was okay, but the rest was just patients. After my patience ran out i stopped playing. I  kept up on a lot of the news for the game and watched a few videos and it is really starting to make me angry. I didn't realize how much was promised in this game that wasn't delivered. It is one thing to make an E3 trailer look better, but to flat out fake it is disgraceful and the company should feel ashamed. I always try not to watch too many videos before a game comes out so i can experience it myself. That's why I didn't get to hyped for the game, but i can imagine why so many people are disappointed in the game, you were cheated and lied to. I wish i did watch all those videos before the game came out so i could have know what was going on sooner and  refunded the game. This kind of thing can't be tolerated, it is false advertising and the gaming community needs to start standing up to this♥♥♥♥♥♥The game would have been fine without the lying and if it had a modest indie price. These companies are greedy and are trying to squeeze as much money possible out of us as they can while doing as little work as possible. The problem is that we are buying these games. We need to stop buying them or demand refunds if it's falsely advertised. It's not just half games being charged full price but season passes and micro transactions as well. If we buy them then it won't stop. They’re always going to push the their luck as far as they can so we need to draw a line. It's too late for me to refund my game but i can still ♥♥♥♥♥ on social media all day about it."
76561197994098997,Not Recommended,275850,26208657,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,cs.deals.com,"Steam could really be the hero in all of this and just issue mass refunds and take the game off the market. With a 9% rating on steam lolInstead they paint a dark path for the industry.Are the consumers to blame? We bought into a product that deceived us and lied to our faces, yet we are punished; not the devs.Please people, do not pre order, do not buy on release. Wait a week or a month when the reviews are in from fellow gamers. It shouldnt have to be this way, but this looks like the future.I bought this game the day it came out with no knowledge of the game prior. It looked like a good game, what we got, was nothing compared to the No Mans Sky Store Page screenshots and vids.Its up to us, not the devs to change because were the ones that pay and are punished in the end if what we think were getting is not what we actually get.Ubisoft, Bethesda, Hello Games, they love us and our blind negligence.Edit: After almost a year of uninstaling this game, i decided to try it again after all the updates.Epic Fail.I tried the permadeath mode because I go hardcore or go home, and for this mode I think they start you away from your ship. Well, I started 7 minutes away from my ship, which is almost an hour when youre trying to survive from the unreasonable hazard and suit degrade times.I got to my ship only for it to be stuck in the air, I could enter it, but upon exiting it was high enough to remove my shields and take one life from me.I spent some time to repair my ship and restore its thrusters and pulse boost thing and fuel them both.... only for it to tell me I needed fuel to launch it which I had full fuel.My game had a gamebreaking bug.... after all this time it was not fixed.So with my last life bar I exited my ship and to my death.♥♥♥♥ this game boys. Ill wait another year."
76561198108671450,Not Recommended,275850,25224224,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,ren,What game should i get for my refunded money thought?
76561197970675483,Not Recommended,275850,26242759,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,GaauSi,Not worth $60 and I can best describe No Man's Sky as a game that's a mile wide but an inch deep. Sure the Universe is huge but what you can do in that Universe is repetative and shallow. I'm sure you can find other reviews that are more eloquent than mine.
,Not Recommended,275850,26193754,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Varangian,"This is literally the worst game ever made. This game is so poorly designed that it ought to have a $3.99 price tag as a mobile app game. This is probably the largest waste of money I've ever invested outside of this one time where I tried a flavoured lager which boasted a ""real rum taste"" but actually tasted like vomit. That's how I'd describe No Man's Sky. It leaves a taste much like vomit in my mouth, only, that's unfair - because it's more bland and less flavourful than vomit; see, vomit at least tastes bad, it has the capacity to actually register on the palatte as being foul. No Man's Sky is much more bland than that. It's bland, it's awful, it doesn't even nearly deliver on even a single one of its promises - and to top it off, it's bloody expensive for what it is.Do yourself a favour and avoid this game. And if it shows up somewhere unexpected please flip it off for me, because I'm one of those suckers who have been scammed by the robbing jerks who pushed this bucket o' crap out and took money from me under the pretense of offering me something fresh, unique, interesting... flip it off hard. Real hard."
76561198168271827,Not Recommended,275850,25375801,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,GoatBrains,It took me way too long to see how bad this game sucked
76561198019969455,Not Recommended,275850,25375820,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Din,"The first 8 hours were incredible. I was amazed by the landscapes, space, and the activities to par take in. But after jumping from planet to planet and star system to star system, I soon realized the game became highly repetitive. The landscapes began to blend together as nothing seemed to change that much. Collecting supplies, using them, and collecting them again. Just an endless grind from planet to planet with no real treat to look forward to. Only the continuous grinding of collecting needed materials. Least to say I'm extremely bummed out by this. I wanted alien races to be flying around, massive variations in landscapes, and cities or some type of civilization. I got none of that. Hopefully things will change but as of now, extremely disappointed."
,Not Recommended,275850,26703114,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Liquid Mantis,"Sometimes, i'm not very good at buying video games."
,Not Recommended,275850,25822676,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,iskibiribiri,"I really enjoyed the idea of a huge universe made of planets procedurally generated, being able to collect resources with a futuristic tool and also enjoyed the survival elements, fighting and spacial flights.I think the game managed to deliver it and as bonus we can build anything, there is also terraforming, colonization, real multiplayer, runs in a lot of computers and there are a lot of quests.I'm really enjoyingStarbound"
,Not Recommended,275850,25798069,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,RAiNMAN,Crap.
,Not Recommended,275850,25794879,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,jumbo1001,Not What It was advertised to be.
,Not Recommended,275850,25794812,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Zacharius,Complete. Utter. Garbage.
76561198074463686,Not Recommended,275850,25932631,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Gang on Gang Violence,Wasted time wasted dreams
,Not Recommended,275850,25868172,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Linus,"It was fun for a day or so, after that it's just the same and a long grind to the center, which proved to benothing at all.Don't waste your money on this game."
76561198066644530,Not Recommended,275850,25894952,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Moon Moon,"About This ""Game""Inspired by the adventure and imagination that we love from classic science-fiction, No Man's Sky presents you with a galaxy to explore, filled with unique planets and lifeforms, and constant danger and action. (Lies)In No Man's Sky, every star is the light of a distant sun, each orbited by planets filled with life, and you can go to any of them you choose. Fly smoothly from deep space to planetary surfaces, with no loading screens, and no limits. In this infinite procedurally generated universe, you'll discover places and creatures that no other players have seen before - and perhaps never will again.  (no other players have seen before - and perhaps never will again. Because there is no multiplayer)Embark on an epic voyage (Lies)At the centre of the galaxy lies a irresistible pulse which draws you on a journey towards it to learn the true nature of the cosmos. But, facing hostile creatures and fierce pirates, you'll know that death comes at a cost, and survival will be down to the choices you make over how you upgrade your ship, your weapon and suit. (THE GRIND.... for nothing)Find your own destiny (Lies)Your voyage through No Man's Sky is up to you. Will you be a fighter, preying on the weak and taking their riches, or taking out pirates for their bounties? Power is yours if you upgrade your ship for speed and weaponry.Or a trader? Find rich resources on forgotten worlds and exploit them for the highest prices. Invest in more cargo space and you'll reap huge rewards. (XD the inventory is a joke, LIES)Or perhaps an explorer? Go beyond the known frontier and discover places and things that no one has ever seen before. Upgrade your engines to jump ever farther, and strengthen your suit for survival in toxic environments that would kill the unwary.Share your journeyThe galaxy is a living, breathing place. Trade convoys travel between stars, factions vie for territory, pirates hunt the unwary, and the police are ever watching. Every other player lives in the same galaxy, and you can choose to share your discoveries with them on a map that spans known space. Perhaps you will see the results of their actions as well as your own...     (The discription of the game says it the best ....  ""no other players"")In other words, this game is Trash painted to look like a gift and with just enough content to have you play till you can't go back and refund.10/10 Would suffer again!"
76561198068752801,Not Recommended,275850,26046259,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Vorian Rotten,"Read every review, look at the demo videos.  Take it from me, the content that was advertised is NOT in the game.  Don't waste your money, play Empyrion instead."
,Not Recommended,275850,25899751,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,dirtzdan,"A basic Refund request for anyone to work off.I have been hella patient but with the issues the developer is having its never going to be fixed.""To Whom it may ConcernAny chance of a refund considering the complete lack of content/mis-sale/and my patience?I've waited long enough to expect vast improvements in the game however that is not going to happen as the developers are currently in constant lawsuits. It is thus, not as advertised and never will be.Regards,Dan"""
,Not Recommended,275850,25963222,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,vLyrinx,so many promisses that weren't met :( i got a refund
76561198067875983,Not Recommended,275850,25962837,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Fahrner,It improved very much. I'll probably change this to a positive Review as soon as I explored some more stuff from the last updates.Old Review: Just a huge disappointment
76561198071048595,Not Recommended,275850,25507930,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,flaaen101,"This Game is one of the WORST games i have ever had the bad luck of playing to even get a feal for the game you go past steams 2 hr mark for a refund i will put it this way i will likly never buy a game with my own money agin from steam, only reason ill get games are if there gifted or free"
,Not Recommended,275850,26361819,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,[DFS] Turdomino,"18 Quintillion Planets that mostly look the same? Tedious survival gameplay?Crappy Ship combat? An unstable mess for a PC port? I've seen enough!This game is so bad, the refund button doesn't even work for me!When you make a game, you should live up to what you promise. I gave you time to improve Sean Murray, but no! Even though the Foundation update was met with some positive feedback, you still have a way to go on from there Sean Murray.I give it a -5/10I still can't recommend it, but at least this is a start."
76561198072678767,Not Recommended,275850,26291549,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,WaTaFuck,"""NO MANS SKY WAS A MISTAKE""wp hello gamesWP"
76561198026246044,Not Recommended,275850,25332106,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Guts,"At first I had some good impressions on the game. There's some really beautiful atmopsheres to the game and I wanted badly to enjoy it but overall it turns into the most boring game you will ever play. Every single world has the same aliens, same structures, same exact layout of general mundane tasks that will leave you contemplating your existence. To create such a vast universe where you're the only intelligent life...is about the worst concept of a game I could ever possibly think of. For the price of this game, you could not ask for a better way to get ripped off of your money."
,Not Recommended,275850,25489939,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Pingdemons.com | Nick,"TL;DR I preordered this game, and played it for too long (hoping it would get more interesting) and now it's too late for a refund.  Don't make the same mistakes.This game is not at all what was promised.Certain aspects of the planet generation are pretty cool, but more in a tech-demo sort of way.  If there was a decent game occuring on those randomly generated planets, it might be alright.In general everything just seems the same, though.  There's nothing to make it a game.  I played a fair bit on the first half dozen planets, before I got bored of the grind.I didn't bother to finish, but it seems like you could grind in the first system to fully upgrade your ship/suit/gun (though I'm not sure it really matters) then just jump system to system, stopping occasionally to pick up the plentiful resources to refuel.Eventually you probably get to the middle if you're not too bored before then.There's no survival needed as far as I can tell.  Of the 8 or so planets I visited, There was a hot one, which required occasionally finding a shadow to sit in for 30 seconds to cool down.  There was a cold one, that required occasionally finding a cave to sit in for 30 seconds to warm up, there was one which drained my life support a little faster, so I had to keep stuffing it with plutonium (which is everywhere, so the only challenge is navigating the awful inventory screens)If you do accidentally♥♥♥♥♥♥off the sentinels by collecting resources without running around for a few seconds when they see you, you get to deal with the wanted meter, which works opposite of GTA which inspired it.Basically, kill all the sentinels quickly, and they stop coming.  Ignore them and your wanted level continues to rise.You will occasionally have one appear on the wrong side of a cave wall, or somewhere where it's totally inaccessable, but they can still see you through the walls, etc, and your wanted level will stay pretty high, and you need to either camp in the cave until something eventually times out and they go away, or go outside and get killed, which just increases your death counter by 1, and puts you back where you were.Upgrading your stuff is basically just about talking to one of the billions of carbon copy inhabitants in the carbon copy buildings, in the carbon copy settlements, on the quintilion carbon copy planets, while repeatedly getting the same blueprints you already have (I think I got 90% of them in the first couple hours, then it's just RNG to see if you get anything better)I don't think I need to waste any more time typing the same junk the other 70% of players who don't like this game have already said.Just don't buy it, okay?"
76561198278427896,Not Recommended,275850,25284957,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Samwise Gamgee,"Well after quite a few hours of playing ""legit"" i decided to stop doing the same thing over and over again and moded it. this makes the game much better but still bad. not worth the effort or money esecially for the lousy endings yes both suck"
,Not Recommended,275850,26003822,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,portalfl0w,I love the 2 hour refund policy.
76561198011716923,Not Recommended,275850,25538921,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Lordbulbul,( ° ͜ʖ͡°)╭∩╮
76561197988961739,Not Recommended,275850,25322771,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,WalkingGhost,Game has been out for over 2 weeks now. Clearly still not working correctly. The updates told to us on twitter are simply put bad. They post on it and we still don't know what this updates are about. I have tryed little things to make the game play better. I never got into the hype train of this game. I payed my price of like 60+ bucks. And still the game goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥after 2 hours. FPS still sucks the game. This so far feels like a farmville game. And I also notice DLC if any might be coasting us based on ur reviews? Are u 12 years old Shawn. Fix ur game at least try to have multi player. And at least put in some god dam effort to fixing ur stuff before EVEN mention DLC and having to POSSIBLY pay.Pro:-Pewpewing with my lazer.Cons:-Well read the reviews. I have to agree with most poeple.-FPS (Frames per second)-Vsnyc was on wtf was that about? Fixed so it's off.-Mo multiplayer at all.-Farm stuff for u and ur ship. (Farmville)-Can't choose fractions.-Can't do most of the stuff said or talked about.-If there is ANY chat to prove multiplayer I would ♥♥♥♥en love to see that.-If you want more read the reviews it is pretty bad.
,Not Recommended,275850,25322933,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,MATTY,gg got a refund with 2 mins to go.♥♥♥♥♥♥game do not buy! :)
76561198053709653,Not Recommended,275850,25834261,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Kentenyo,"This game feels like an Early Access cash grab. The content that is showcased in the gameplay and pre-release trailers do not reflect the final product at all. There is literally nothing new to do in this game after about 2 hours. Even if you force yourself to explore the universe, you'll quickly learn how repetative and limited the procedural generation is. 18 quintillion planets and none of them feel truly unique. This game only left one impression on me and the majority of the people who played it, a very bad one. Do not support Hello Games ever. They do not even actively communicate with the players post-release because theyKNOWthey released a game that failed to tackle 80% of its promises and have no answers to give."
,Not Recommended,275850,25204443,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Fiola,"The first five hours of gameplay? It's pure gold.Amazing new discoveries. Crafting of the ship. Getting outer space. Meeting aliens. Discovering anomalies.After approx. five hours it's all about grinding or just ""no significant and repetitive"" exploration. The places looks almost the same. Every space station is the same. I can't name my ship. To get into center of the galaxy took me additional 15 hours with fully advanced spaceship after hours of gathering resources and gathering money thanks to selling ""bypass chips"".There is no economical model. There is also no need to learn language of other aliens, because there is nothing more than exploration.I feel ashamed by developers which are NOT RESPONDING. Not answering. Not even bother to make this better. They are just sitting and patching the game up - this isn't a way how to release a game. Trust me. We released our own game on Steam. It's easy to communicate in truth. But no, Hello Games taken the radio silence way.The center of the galaxy? Don't bother. Without any spoiler: There's nothing.Absolutely nothing.At first I really trusted the game and Hello Games there is something more hidden. That If I will really invest more time - it's not just about jumping from planet to planet. Because I was at E3 SONY Press Conference 2015 and I want THAT build - not this piece of unfinished game for 60€.I feel robbed.But at the same time I am glad I had a chance play prototype of the great game in their CORE. Don't get me wrong. I am mad about poor game-design choices which creates so much frustration even for advertised EXPLORATION. Game-Design which feels like prototype of something which is not defined yet.Now I guarantee that some else developer/studio will grab this whole idea, make it in smaller scale and go with it as soon as they can to Early Access for 20€ and it will be 100% success. Nobody will remember No Man's Sky. And that's a shame.I want to see what Hello Games will do about it. And one more thing, if this will someone from Hello Games read, let me give you one little advice as developer to developer: ""COMMUNICATE WITH YOUR COMMUNITY"", for god sake, hire at least someone who will answer on EVERY related question.For example: ""So can we see each other in the game or not?""(of course we can't, but it could be great to read/hear it from you directly)I guess I don't have a right to ask steam for my first ever refund. Since I've played more than 27 hours.Take my money then and go away."
76561198040620763,Not Recommended,275850,25201112,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Totana,I tried my hardest to give this game the benefit of the doubt but I cannot.  I don't need to say the same things everyone else has.  It's incomplete.  Sold on false promises.
,Not Recommended,275850,26097745,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Magic Bacon Bits,"It started off good, was expecting way more and soon became bored quickly. There's just nothing too it. I've stopped playing it. Tried to get a refund past the normally claim period but it was not honored.Oh well maybe one day it will be work the $80 I paid but at the moment it's early access at best"
,Not Recommended,275850,26348973,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,greatest of all time dont @ me,"Bad Rats has considerably more gameplay mechanics, all kidding aside."
76561197975153064,Not Recommended,275850,25908204,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,TTB,"I first saw a trailer for this game at the Insomnia gaming festival in April this year. It looked fantastic and I promised my son that we would buy it.  I pre-ordered it to get a ship.When I first played it, there didn't seem to be much to it, but I figured that it would build up gradually and I would soon see some of the promised content. However, it became clear that every planet was pretty much the same, there is no depth to the interaction with aliens, no ship customisation, no epic space battles, no depth to the trading system.This game is not worth the £40 that I paid for it.  I couldn't even get a refund because it took me more than two hours to realise how bad it is.In my opinion, it was falsely advertised, and the developer appears to have made no effort to add any of the promised content that was missing."
76561197988896776,Not Recommended,275850,25410941,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Rockshocker,"Do not buy, do not be fooled by this game, it's not a game, it's a cash grab by greedy developers!!2 hours is not enough time to decide if you like the game or not. No Man's Sky is so shallow that you spend hours trying to find something fun to do in the game.Refunds should be given without question, I gave this game a chance, the benefit of the doubt and I'm stuck with it.Every planet has the same plants and minerals.Every outpost is the same copy and pasted outpost from a handful of maybe 3 different layouts.There is 1 type of space station in the entire game.Want to return to your starter planet or any other planet that you enjoyed, nearly impossible with the clumsy interface and controls."
76561198029357291,Not Recommended,275850,24899519,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Homo Speakus Erectus,The plot: gather resources so you can gather more resources faster.Oddly metaphoric in the sense that it's pretty much like real life but with bad visuals and jittery fps.It's one of those experiences where at one point you can't help but question what the hell you are doing with yourself.Imagine that it's almost your bithday and your family keeps teasing you with images of a ♥♥♥♥in epic chocolat cake but when your birthday comes along you are served a cold can of Spam. And the spam also happens to be a very ♥♥♥♥♥♥ console port.
,Not Recommended,275850,25178986,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,KnightofHavoc,"Really wanted to get into a relaxed exploring sim, but after a couple of planets its all the same, micromanage your inventory and look at the same 5 variations of creatures, yes their size and parts and colour varied, but nothing was ever something i hadn't seen on the last planet just mixed up. The devs promised so so much and delievered on almost none of it, feels like the exploration part of the Mass Effect series, but something you pay full price for. Really buggy, gave me about 15fps on my 1080, i6700k, the update made it worse, to the point of it being unplayable."
76561198001174631,Not Recommended,275850,26017605,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Khasra,I will never prepurchase a game again. Thanks NMS!
76561198052248518,Not Recommended,275850,26312874,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Wuu,Huge disappointment achieved.
76561198062357147,Recommended,275850,24945348,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,~P~R~I~M~A~L~,At least they are trying. I can easily recommend this game after Atlas Rising update.
76561198084887692,Not Recommended,275850,25420921,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Jurgen Flurgen Burgen,"If you want to play a space game that lets you: first person pilot your own ship visiting billions of star systems; trade; mine, bounty hunt; join factions, explore alone; explore with friends; PvP; PvE; land on planets; drive your own land vehicle on those planets; achieve goals; actually have to learn how to fly, land and dock your aircraft with regard to real world physics; learn how to kit out your aircraft to best meet your specialisation; buzz low and scoop fuel from a fricking sun........then for your own sake do not bother with NMS!By ELITE DANGEROUS instead. It has all of the above and more, is much more realistic (e.g. planets have gravity and you can crash and die if you get your landing wrong) with way better graphics and meaningful game progression. Watch a YouTube how to video, and you'll immediately see the difference. And way, way more importantly it has a developer who loves the game and has been invested in it since back when it was first released as a ground breaking wire-frame 3D back in 1984.None of this can be said about NMS in its current form.I might come back to visit NMS one day, but right now it's a pile of pixel-stank. Not worth a buy.Seriously, if you want to drop your coin on a space game, Elite Dangerous is the go."
,Not Recommended,275850,25181983,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Pentaxia,"No deep gameplay. No real variation in planets/flora/fauna, no engaging storytelling"
,Not Recommended,275850,25140449,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Deadly Embrace [OTG],"I got about 40 hours of enjoyment out of this game.  The game looks beautiful for the most part, but after awhile it's only skin deep.  The mechanics of the game are repetitive and seemingly stripped down.The final straw for me was finding out about the HUGE disappointment waiting at the so-called center of the universe.I wouldn't recommend it in its current state.  Wait for a GOTY edition and get that on sale."
76561197961101446,Not Recommended,275850,25181990,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Xezuka,Nothing like what was advertised.
,Not Recommended,275850,25591189,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Maxxh12,I will make it really clear:1: The game worked fine.then there was a update2: The game does not even launch anymore!
,Not Recommended,275850,26408118,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Meliora,"Months have passed now, and rather than complete the content they led people to expect or even flesh out the game further, it has instead been abandoned.  Its creators, now fat on wealth generated by ambiguous marketing, half truths, lies of ommission, and weasel words, have gone into hiding.Don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,275850,25898911,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,sangsomplays,Good for the first 5-10 hours. After that the game is boring.
,Not Recommended,275850,25468039,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Ruinso,"This game is literally the biggest dissapointment of the year. I wasted $60 on this garbage. I couldve bought the new Doom instead or pre-ordered Mafia 3 but no. Im stuck with a buggy, boring, piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game."
76561197970489196,Not Recommended,275850,25895465,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,dfleuen,"I really tried hard to like this game and tried to enjoy just what we have rather than what was hyped. But it really is a hollow shell of a game. There may be 18 billion stars or whatever but it feels like there is just one. No sense of a gigantic universe at all. Go to another star system or planet and it's just like the last one, and the one before that, and so on. The only ""gameplay"" element is increasing your pathetic inventory slots. Very sad.The one good side...the soundtrack is awesome. I am now a huge fan of 65dos."
76561198047652385,Not Recommended,275850,26232673,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,JibberyScriggers,"The single biggest letdown in gaming history! Utter shambles of a ""game"" which will hopefully mark the beginning of the end for pre-order culture!"
76561198012308318,Not Recommended,275850,25746928,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,dotexe (◕‿◕✿),"Unfinished, runs horribly. Feels like a very early access, buggy, $15 indie game. Nowhere near an actual $60 release."
76561198033877625,Not Recommended,275850,25911759,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Quiltedfaun1,"My Advice would be to buy a cup with a ball instead of this game, it would deliver more hours of entertainment than this game has.Biggest let down ever."
76561198035885946,Not Recommended,275850,26223929,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,BootyPoppa,can't get a refund for false advertisement?
76561198044824864,Not Recommended,275850,25895094,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,talespin,"Never written a review before, but this game deserves a negative one.This game isn't worth its cost. It's repetitive and offers no excitement whatsoever. It's choppy, really slow, and has many glitches.I feel like I was conned into buying this game, and they should be returning everyone's money to them."
76561198069795290,Not Recommended,275850,25160494,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,aXs82,...just Bad :(
76561198023340319,Not Recommended,275850,24918934,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,FixXxeR,"great concept, shallow execution"
76561198159875227,Not Recommended,275850,24846357,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Nickynui,It crashes every time i open it.
76561198066445421,Not Recommended,275850,25164513,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,lillhatch,"I don't care if this game goes on sale for .01$. Do not buy it, it wouldn't be worth it."
76561198123190367,Not Recommended,275850,25086328,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Jce,Over 40 hours tells me that you might as well buy 60$ of toilet paper.
,Not Recommended,275850,25132486,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,cheeki breeki,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, dont buy this crap."
,Not Recommended,275850,25054402,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,UniKemik,This game is built on lies. Mulitplayer? No. There's no such thing here. Sean Murray and Hello Games lied to the community so much. If you don't believe me watch Pyrocynical's video called No Man's Lies. My regret with this game is that I have too many hours to refund it. Also I get headaches and motion sickness because of this game
,Recommended,275850,34174628,Posted: 11 August,all,[IN-F] Sandy,"This is just my opinion about the game and recent developments, I do try to speak for most of the community here but everyone is entitled to their own opinions.I had pre-ordered No Mans Sky and was stoked about getting on to play it, but I was surprised to see the 2 GB download speed which looked to me like it was tool small. But like a lot of people who played it, I enjoyed playing it for the first 6-12 hours becasue you know there was so much to do and see and discover, nothing like I had ever seen before.But as most of you probably already know, the game got very stale, very quickly and by the time I was at about 20 hours on record, I started regretting spending £39.99 on this game and I did try to refund it once or twice but wasn't able to.Fast forward a year to July.I (sort of) got back into the game since Hello Games had released the foundation and pathfinder update and wanted to see what it was all about. I do have to admit it was a very good few first steps in the right direction and I think that the community responded very well to the creators coming back and commiting themselves towards the future of the game, however in my opinion the game was still lacking heavily with content and actual things to do besides travel from planet to planet collecting resources, selling them, fending off pirate scavengers, discovering new species and flora etc.Fast forward about a month to today (11/08/2017 or 08/11/2017 depending on which you use)I had woken up and sat at my PC, I started browsing steam deciding on what to play and I see the update icon pop up in the bottom right (If you don't already know, here's what they addedhttp://www.nomanssky.com/atlas-rises-update/). I immediatly started the download. I was very impressed and also excited for this, because it's what the game has needed since day 1. I wont lie by not saying that I'm not feeling let down about the fact that it took them just over a year to release this, but I'm glad that they actually did release it instead of giving up.I have only experienced about 20 minutes of the new update and am still in the middle of discovering everything that this update has to offer everyone. Terrain generation, flora/fauna seems to have been improved alot. I do enjoy the new GUI and HUD, it's the simple yet perfect things that have been added which makes this game worth playing again. I haven't had a chance to do any story/quests at the time of me writing this, but it's something I hope to dive straight into and hopefully I will make the most of the 30 hours of gameplay.To sum everything up, I do love this new update and everything that Hello Games are trying to achieve here. I am looking to future updates like this and will happily wait for No Mans Sky to reach it's full potential."
,Not Recommended,275850,25137680,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Fragstoff,Not worth $60... not even close...
76561198091726402,Not Recommended,275850,24909574,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Puppetmaster,"This is a massively overhyped game. If this was an early access release I would be more understanding, it has potential. However, this is the full release version and I find it quite lacking.Though I've played for just under 3 hours, I have come to see a good many flaws with this game. Biggest issue here is the lack of a map on the planet level, making it impossible to find already discovered outposts and sell stuff; freeing up your extremely limited inventory. Half the notifications you get are pointless, your jetpack is♥♥♥♥♥♥ your gun is a pea shooter, and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥does this game scream GRIND. Stumbling across some artifact or structure peaks your curiousity for a bit, and various intelligent species(with their own languages) is initially interesting; but this all fades quickly.I find the art style appealing, however, I'm baffled as to why I can't play on ultra graphics settings when the minimum required card is over 6 years old and I can play any other recent title on ultra settings as well. This isn't an advance games graphically after all. Maybe it has something to do with the performance issues everyone keeps having? Maybe the devs launched the game knowing full well it had some issues due to the porting process? If this is the case, then shame on the dev for following two of the most loathed of AAA industry trends. Not a smart thing to do when you are trying to sell an indie game at AAA industry(who are still a bunch of money grubbing slackers) price.All in all: This game has potential if the devs can fix the performance issues may people have been having and flesh out the already established game. As it is now, it's basically an over-priced Minecraft with 1/4 the appeal, and twice as many issues. Hello Games had the balls to try something different and rather daring in my mind. It hasn't really paid off, but that is still possible. The danger lies in how slighted people feel.  Due to the lack of content and issues that the game is having at it's current price, it will be very easy for people to feel ripped off. It's a pretty safe bet in my mind that many people will never trust indie games at this price to be more than a cash grab, if No Man's Sky doesn't turn things around within a few months time.Not recommended at this time. 5/10"
,Recommended,275850,27880518,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Master Davicous,"The Altas Rises update is amazing!30 hours of a new story in the game is a lot of fun to play!Mulitplayer is a thing now! (Still in early stages, but it's a reality now!)The devs really care about this game, and it shows! :)I've found a few glitches, and my frame rate is lower than last update, but I'm sure that'll be fixed soon.At the time of me writing this, the game is 60% off so I suggest you pick it up! :)"
,Not Recommended,275850,25091941,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Sage™,"Here's a review video I made on the current state of the game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h2TdEC8l-akTL;DR versionThe game was disappointing not only on the prospects of what was promised but not delivered, but also in depth. After a few hours of play you'll find yourself mining the same slightly different planet in the same slightly different solar system crafting the same slightly different upgrades for your ship.The bugs, technical issues and FPS drops even after google-fuing every possible fix is a ball-ache and you'll be more frustrated than satisfied.5/10 Do not Recommend as it is currently."
76561198002450718,Not Recommended,275850,24846365,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Will,"I can't even comment on the gameplay because it can't be played. I tried really hard but even after getting through all the technical issues, the game just hard freezes and crashes before I can do anything meaningful. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.It's in line with some of the worst ports ever, worse than Batman Arkham Knight. Why? Well because I am getting about the same frame rate as that game at launch, except this game doesn't have nearly as detailed graphics. How's that for a starter? lazy poor optimization is always a good start.Now let's talk about the menus, being a bad port it obviously has to be frustrating to use with mouse because nobody gave any thought to it, they just feed the mouse movements directly to their controler input codes as quickly as possible. The result is the following:-You have to long-press to activate anything, not just in-game stuff, if you want to change your resolution you have to long-press the arrow to switch it over one notch. Yep....-Sensitivity doesn't do♥♥♥♥♥♥ That's right you can't change look sensitivity if you play with mouse.-Mouse acceleration is always on and totally horrible. DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME WITHOUT A CONTROLLER because it will destroy all your FPS aiming reflexes. In fact do not play this game at all, because it's♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,275850,25475021,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Rico The Definitely Not Gay Bird,TL;DR read everyone elses comments on it. Enough said.
,Not Recommended,275850,25361706,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Mr. Pain,"I'm a little late with this review but oh well.I stupidly pre ordered this game, luckily I had almost no expectations and honestly just wanted to try it. Turns out Hello Games lied about the processor needed to run this game. My Phenom II, which if I'm correct, originally fell under the tier of CPU's deemed acceptable in the minimum requirements listed in the game pre launch, refused to run the game post launch. Sure took them a while to fix and patch the game, which makes sense considering THEY LITERALLY DID NOT HAVE A QA TEAM WHILE DEVELOPING THE GAME! Yep that's right! The team was not made until AFTER the PC port's FAILURE of a launch. I could go on and on about the technical failures of the game but it's irrelevant as........turns out, my Phenom seems to double as a♥♥♥♥♥♥games filter. Even with the technical patching, it would appear the game was a complete misrepresentation of what we were shown in the years prior to launch; the game we were given was completely different from the game we were promised.Maybe a year or so from now, (and that's a HUGE MAYBE) after the price tumbles down (and it will, they have a LOT of refunds to make up for) and if they add in more content like they've said they were (I highly doubt they will, at least not free. I certainly wouldnt advise paying for any DLC they release if they do it), I might give this a second look. But for the time being, I HIGHLY suggest staying away from this putrid ""excuse"" of a game. If you MUST have a space game that plays out somewhat similarly, look into Elite Dangerous and maybe Empyrion Galactic Survival. Both games have their faults and at the time of me writing this I'm not really playing much of either right now, but they are miles ahead of NMS in terms of quality, and a fraction of the price."
,Not Recommended,275850,25392414,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Turkinger,"Hi everyone,I'm going to get to the point. The game could be way better than people expected, it could be more fun that any other game that you've played and you might enjoy it more than any other game you've played. BUT, this does not, I repeat, this does not change the fact that game has missing features, features that are shown by Sean Murray gameplay promos, features that are in Steam store page videos. That is deceptive/false advertising.Simple example, I order some onion rings from a restaurant. I want the onion rings, because I've been craving them and that's what I want. After waiting for some time, the waiter/waitress brings me fries. Well you might like fries, you might even like it more than onion rings, you can enjoy it, I do not care. But I ordered onion rings, ONION RINGS, and I am sure as hell not gonna pay from something that was not what was shown to me in the menu.Be happy all you want, I am happy that some people are enjoying the game, I hope people grow to love it. But I, along with many other people, am not happy that they brought me this game. I'm not only talking about MP SP options, I'm talking about crashed giant freighters and many more things that showed this game to be spectacular in the promo footages.Enjoy the game, but don't♥♥♥♥♥♥on people who are cheated and are not happy about it."
,Not Recommended,275850,25391923,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Ghost,"This was not the game that I was expecting.Simple as that.You can fight, yes. You can get involved in fleet combat, yes. If you see it you can explore it obviously, no limits, yes the transitions are seamless too.HOWEVER;Flying: Forces your ship up or down when in a planet's atmosphere. You couldn't kill yourself by hitting the ground even if you tried. It also slows down your ship when too close to a space station and I personally foudn that really annoying.Multiplayer: Apparently there is no multiplayer at all whatsoever. The game even released with the amount of players being ""Single player"" on steam.Story: There is story, yes. Lots of it? Sure. But it goes like this; Gek word for ""X"", speak to Gek with pieced together wording. Get Gek technology, one upgrade to multi-tool. Go to next system. Learn ""Y"" species' word for ""X"". Speak to ""Y"" species with pieced together wording. Get EXACT same tech upgrade you did twenty minutes ago.----- It is LITERALLY the SAME exact layout from every single solar system ot the next, but with different words!Exploration: There is plenty of exploration, but nothing like what I imagined from watching the trailers and youtube videos to the game. Not even Call of Duty let me down as much as this game. I played this game for almost 7 hours, and I think the last hour was more forced than anything. I at least can dump hundreds of hours into call of duty zombies if multiplayer gets boring. However, No Man's Sky is just grinding grinding grinding with absolutely no reward. Like I said earlier, same layout, different words. The species of animals were mostly just 4-6 legged mammals or reptiles of similar structure for every solar system I visited. With the exception being an aggressive floating space octopus of some kind. You can explore one solar system, and you have pretty much seen the entire game. Not even kidding.Overall, this game was garbage in my opinion, and I wish I could get a refund for it so I could go put that towards the Redeemer in Star Citizen. Also to anyone who pre-ordered, remember that 2 month push back we got? And the final product was still not worth the wait, nor the money. We should have got our money back before the game released.IF YOU HAVE NOT BOUGHT THIS GAME, DO NOT GET IT. You will regret it."
76561198004316095,Not Recommended,275850,25816520,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Alexander,I forgot to refund in time. God help my 60 Dollars and the no where it is going.
,Not Recommended,275850,25067941,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,ManlyMammoth,"17 Animal Skeletons and DR Seuss plants on almost every planet, not worth a buy until more content is added."
76561198129141915,Not Recommended,275850,25173429,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Honk Hullgoon,Don't waste your $60 on a buggy pre alpha game that should have been $5...
,Not Recommended,275850,25243120,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,scuffy,Terrible game nothing like was said to be
,Not Recommended,275850,25208926,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,spicymcdicey,"As someone who did not follow the hype for the game, I can honestly say I am disappointed.Looking at videos of people actually enjoing they game, I thought this could be something for me. They had a nice ship and flew to nice planets and mined some here and there. They said the game wasn't for everyone, and you had to like the gameplay. It looked likable to me. It looked like I would be able to sit back and relax while listening to some relaxing procedurally generated music or something along the lines of that. Well it wasn't like that for me. Not at all really. Moving around on itself takes ages unless you hold down the sprint button constantly, before then having to use your jetpack and when you are depleted, the game almost stops. You will randomly be attacked by predators, and on planets without animals, with many resources, you will most likely be attacked by the sentinels instead. There is no relaxing element here, other than helping you get tired before going to bed, which for there are other more enjoyable actvities.Despite all of the negative stuff I wrote in the paragraph above, I would continue to play it just for completing it and some small dopamin releases every other hour or so. But no, I couldn't do that either. If you think you have the computer to run this, you are wrong, unless you are an elite master race player. In the current state of the game, the minimum requirements are WRONG. I have a PC with more than enough capacity to run it according to the minimum requirements. But according to me playing it, that's not the case. Frequent FPS drops and a maximum fps of 45 on low settings made it hard for me to enjoy this already rather boring experience. On planets that were actually a bit cool and had some foliage, the FPS could drop down to around 25-20 or even lower, even when I was just walking. Would I have kept playing with all of this negativity? Yes. But that wasn't everything.After grinding and mining for thirty minutes, soon being ready to buy a new and better ship for the first time in 13 hours, the game crashed. No save points in thirty minutes. That was it for me. The game had crashed before of course, and even did it once during the launch screen. And if the game actually ran smooth, the game is still not worth sixty god damn dollars. When something is priced that high you expect it to at least have the optimization and polish level of games usually at that price level. I have no trust in Hello Games right now. If they do not clear up this mess and make the game at least somewhat like they promised, I will not touch this game with a ten foot pole again. If you're gonna boy this, at least make sure to wait for a sale of at least 50% and make sure you have a top tier computer with 16GB of RAM, an octacore proccessor and the latest of the latest within graphics, e.g. the GTX1080. In which case, you can play much better games at graphical levels ten times more advanced and with better optimization. Please don't waste your money on this"
,Not Recommended,275850,24851370,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,BinaryViolence,"So I'm 100 minutes in. I wanted to like this game. I really did. But I can't. I in good conscience cannot give this game a positive rating.The music is good, the visuals are fantastic.That aside, let's get into it:1) Crafting. Typical method of use to impede advancement in a game. There's a lot of stuff here, for weapons, mods, mining, etc. Resources as well that can be bought or traded on the galactic market. Overall, it's a time sink. Not necessarily a bad one. It forces you to explore learn an expand what you know.2) The flying and walking controls seem... limited. Definitely as if it was designed with consoles in mind. Your ship cannot fly below a certain altitude whilst planet side, and even when walking, I've had the camera shoot in a random direction. Which has led to a few issues with the drones.3) After getting up to the point where I was freely jumping between stars, I came to realize that this was suddenly all too very familiar: The Space Leg of SPORE. The one part of the game that always made me start over, because it was so absolutely monotonus and dull. A consistent grind for resources, and with any lack of apparent story or driving force other than 'get to the galactic center', my interest immediately doured.All in all... The game looks SPECTACULAR. It really does. But it plays like a console title, and it feels like something from the Atari 2600 era. There are enough games out there with mindless grind, that one more simply will not fit into my library, and they are far more engaging directly to someone with as severe a case of ADHD as myself.I wanted to like this game. I really did. I'm sorry, Hello Games. But bless your sweet heart and your passion, it just wasn't good enough."
76561198057426753,Not Recommended,275850,26216949,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Wolverinja,This game has more lies than a presidential candidate. The developer must have thought we were all stupid. Stay far away from this game.
,Not Recommended,275850,25367485,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Deadlyoctopus,"The game is a complete lie and everyone who bought it got scammed, plain and simple. Completely disappointed in this game entirely. Its nothing how the trailers showed and it has less content than minecraft. The game is you mindlessly traveling the same 5 planets just a different retexture, collecting the same elements just so you can travel more. There is no civilization to find just little trading huts, the story is a complete piece of crap. You can't create building or stuctures all you do is collect sell, fly around and travel to another planet <-- which is the same planet just a diferent color."
,Not Recommended,275850,25428182,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,★F I N D U S #CashedOut,"Deception, lies and betrayalDeception, lies and betrayal, the first glance may fool you but this is not a Game Of Thrones review. No Man´s Sky was one of the most anticipated games over the past couple of years. A randomly generated universe with unlimited potential, lots of things to do and plenty of animal life to discover, atleast that is one of many things No Man´s Sky promised to be. The seemingly allrounder, first announced on VGX 2013, promised to set milestones [not the annoying ones you receive ingame, I´m talking about actual milestones in gaming]. Originally developed for PC only, Sony soon realized the immense hype train around No man´s Sky and its financial potential. Sony Entertainment ended up investing in it, with the soon to be canceled plan of creating a Playstation-only title.Although Sony´s plans got canceled the game´s port was developed for consoles, leading to a huge loss of performace, aswell as graphical potential. Most of the performance issues may have been solved yet [the port is still made for consoles which means the performance is worse than it could have been anyway] but the game was almost unplayable for the majority of players on day 1. Not supported GPU´s, crashes and fps drops were the ordinary companion of every player.Speaking of companions and lost potential, the developers promised a bunch of content that simply ended up not being in the game.multiplayerspace companionssniper riflesdungeonshuge animalsjoinable fractionsfraction space battlesplanetary physicshackable doorsringed and sand planetscrashed freightersriversimpactful ship classesThese are just some of the missing features. Especially the missing multiplayer function was met with huge displeasure by most players. Of course the game never intended to be a multiplayer game and Sean Murray pointed out several times that it should be looked at as a singleplayer gamebut the option to meet other players would be intended. Besides from that another website found out that even the naming of planets and animal life during your journey will get reversed after a period of time, taking away the last piece of any player to player interaction in this almost infinite, lonely universe.All this ended up in a huge disappointment of a hype train that was going on for years, but the mysterious ""ending"" [spoiler incomming but better get spoiled than actual spending the time to find out yourself] which was getting hyped by Sean Murray a lot, simply feels like a big punch in the face to every single supporter of this game. Players assumed it would be a meeting point for players of some kind, or atleast a lore filler which tells you the actual purpose of your journey. Instead of receiving any of this, the game shows a short zoom out of the universe, spawning the player in a new, basicly identical [or atleast with no impactful changes], universe / planet with all of your gear being broken, thats it.In the end, No Man´s Sky isnt the worst game I´ve played, it was fun, atleast for a couple of hours, but it doesnt meet the whole hype train at all. It rather feels like an early access title and should have been priced like one."
,Not Recommended,275850,25477057,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,teh_polenboi,"There was so much potential which just wasn't captured. Staying in the same solar system would vastly outweigh travelling through the universe because once you've seen one planet, you've seen them all. The only thing you're missing is a variation of the♥♥♥♥♥♥monsters... Yay."
,Not Recommended,275850,25382287,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Kappoapsis,so after 20 houirs it has become tedious and boring..RIP
76561198026938960,Not Recommended,275850,25568071,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Urghaz,"I can't recommend buying this game. Spend 60,- EUR on it, had fun for a few hours and it's done for me. Absolutly no content in this game exept flying around from planet to planet exploring the same objectives over and over again.To bad I can't refund this, this is absolutly the worst game I bought this year, considering the price. This game is fine if it was for sale for 10,- EUR."
,Not Recommended,275850,25605330,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,ProdigyThirteen,Just save your money.
,Not Recommended,275850,25758254,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,$ W A G G O T,"Falsely advertized, don't buy."
,Not Recommended,275850,25710847,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,YENZ,just don't. this game is literally a scam.
,Not Recommended,275850,25275974,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,AutonomousAnonymous,"I did not enjoy the game.Don't get me wrong, it's a good game, and it's very relaxing but i just didn't enjoy it as i had hoped. As far as recommendation, I DO recommend it for people whoenjoy this type of game(relaxing, zen-ish games), but otherwise, i do not recommend you buy it."
,Not Recommended,275850,25950923,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Get to the Choppa!!!,We were lied to about this game. so many missing features and promises broken. i would not recomend this to anyone.
76561197989592053,Not Recommended,275850,25184099,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Achubra,"The game is a lie, the video is a lie. False advertisement in the fullest sense. Avoid at all cost."
76561197998144520,Not Recommended,275850,25184119,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Captain Obvious,Game was not as advertised and the videos you can see in comercials are using a build of the game that is not what was shipped. A huge disapointment.
76561198012248441,Not Recommended,275850,25647279,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,GiantTeddyBear,"Just No. If I could put a big warning sign on the steam page so that people would know this was an awful game, i would. But I guess steam already did that with their note about refund policies.If a game store has to put a message like that on the page for that game its pretty obvious that you should not buy the game.TY steam for the big warning sign."
76561198318990509,Not Recommended,275850,25284918,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Wassimulator,Update: after all those patches and updates the devs post. game is still unplayable.Do not ever think about buying this piece of bullcrap! get yourself elite dangerous or wait for star citizen. or just drive to the country side and watch the stars live HD. just DO NOT BUT THIS!I know the limit is 2 hours tops but this game is utterly unplayable now. plus you'd need more than 2 hours to realize that a big chunk of the game was gutted out and what Sean Murray the founder showed us in promo vids is never even in the game. and after around 10 hours the game stutters gradually and the fps drops. eventually the game lags in exponential repetition and freezes the screen. the whole pc. the only way to get out of it is hard reset since no alt Tab or alt ctrl del works. I force-turned off my pc many time after the game crashes failing to show any kind of improvement after it's many patches. I eventually deleted the game. It was frustrating and if I keep force shutting my pc down I might damage it. with that money u could buy a real masterpiece like Fallout 4 or the Witcher 3! this is a disappointment! I don't mind frame drops but not being able to play at all is a little bit too much. I don't think it's right I payed all that money for an unfinished crashing game which I can play for 10 hours only.don't forget that only 40% or less of what we were promised was there. go on youtube. look up no man's lie. watch those videos while you munch on your taco for lunch and see for yourself! this isn't the classic hype train. I only expected what the devs said there WILL BE. but when even the devs lie. it's awhole new level. well done no man's sky! you brought fraud to a whoooole different level.THIS IS FRAUD DO NOT BUY!
,Not Recommended,275850,25203199,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Father O'Blivion,"No Man's Sky game represents many things that are wrong with the game industry today and ultimately why preordering is a dubious notion.The premise of the game has been discussed to death, however, it's how limited and restricted that game is when it comes to delivering the game play is it's main downfall.Ultimately, the game is lacking in any depth whatsoever. It has Minecraft elements such as resource gathering, but doesn't contain anyway of imparting your own personality onto the universe. Sure, you can name trees, plants, planets and systems, but given that the likelihood of someone coming to those systems is very low, then what's the point? If a T-Rex/Lizard Bear called Barry69 ♥♥♥♥s in the woods on planet HarambeLivesHere, then if no one else ever sees it, why should it exist?"
76561197964300649,Not Recommended,275850,25124005,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,:[LO.bo]: TOMATE,"Real scam, you got the WOW factor and then After 8h of playing you start to realize that you gonna do the same thing over and over... After 12-15h you realy start to see the patern comming back again and again on each planets. What a desapointement...go get a Ice cream i will have more fun and no regrets!"
76561198014609306,Not Recommended,275850,25360958,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,teh kids are dead,The worst cookie cutter content with no depth I've ever played. A great opportunity squandered.
,Not Recommended,275850,25687360,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Caped Baldy,"The game itself was good fun, I enjoyed it. However being blatently lied to by the developers because they never thought people would catch them out makes this game get a bad rating."
,Not Recommended,275850,25491482,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Aamun,I tried hard. Enjoyed it for a few days but then I just couldn't find any reason to log in again.
76561198072452585,Not Recommended,275850,26193611,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Pathfinder,"Gave a lot of promises, did not deliver. Real shame, don't get suckered in by the trailers."
76561198087932626,Not Recommended,275850,24990228,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,ctr2803,dosent even runafter update pop up says intel graphics arenet supported when i have NVIDIA 960 GTXbefore update i could get as far the the Hello Game logo then it closesrefund requested
76561198031346772,Not Recommended,275850,24846470,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,HungryForThatChicken,"Terrible fps, terrible graphic quality, loading is long, UX designed by an intern...3770kGTX 680 4GB16GB RAMSSD1920x1080"
,Not Recommended,275850,25297595,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Kegs,"No content and VERY boring, Don't buy this game."
76561198279426485,Not Recommended,275850,25443237,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,aut_kangaroo,Total waste of money. Couldn´t give back...
,Not Recommended,275850,25884053,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Soup,"Litterally a lie. thats all it is. everything is a lie, not just cake.srsly tho dont buy if you want a multiplayer game, thats what i thought i was purchasing."
76561198040344581,Not Recommended,275850,25413013,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡Chameleon,"40 hours and a game thats designed for you to explore.40 hours spent looking for something more.40 hours looking for that little detail that someone else might have missed, but nothing. Not even getting to the centre felt rewarding.There is little about No Man's Sky that is worth it's current price. If you enjoy exploration for the sake of it and endless crafting management then this game is for you. But if you are someone looking for that next big space adventure game this isn't it.The game feels rushed as you are driven to find more of what the game could potentially offer you, that is afterall the nature of this game. After 10 hours you begin to see the patterns, you are driven to waste time managing an inventory and the grind for better ""stuff"" begins. But for what? What will you get out of this? What mysteries and stories can you learn from your exploration?Unfortunately nothing much. A backstory to each of the races and a philosphical question. That is all that you are rewarded for the 3 paths of completion.Are they worth the current price? No.Is the experience/journey worth the current price? If you suspend your disbelief, some planets do have their moments, but for the majority of the time it would be No.After alot of vague promises and hints towards content that should have been in the game, Hello Games have managed to create a game that is left feeling as wide as an ocean but as shallow as a puddle. Upto this day (9th of September) Hello Games have managed to not communicate with their customers directly, (people that genuinely love the game) about why there is such a misunderstanding with what happened to this games missing promised content, but through cryptic tweets and patch notes.Should you get this game at all? Wait until it's cheaper and for the mean time No."
76561198074631337,Not Recommended,275850,25029899,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Why We Still Got Monkeys?,Russell's Teapot: The Game
76561198130781369,Not Recommended,275850,25059863,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,eliminate all thots,"this game has so much potentinal. obviously, it didnt get much focus in the ""what to do section"" but it did get a lot of focus in the graphics section. i feel like half of the time i have no idea what i am even doing. it all seems like its just acquiring resources and discovering planets. after about 5 hours of gameplay it gets bland. i hate to admit it, but, this game is just bad right now. it has potential, but what will the makers do to save it? even though i waited for a year to get this game, it is a let down. i saw a comment earlier say something along the lines of this game being ""a mile wide, but only an inch deep."" that is very true. i do not reccomend this game, YET. maybe soon. give it a month. it's kind of like the game The Forest. when it first came out, it was all graphics and nothing to do. but its been almost a year and they really turned the game around. now it is phenomenal in all perspectives."
76561198042037187,Not Recommended,275850,25392857,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,The Rooster,"Wow! Never thought this game could make Elite Dangerous look a mile deep and a mile wide.  As this game currently sits it's less than an inch deep, but hey, pretty picture simulator 2016 amirite?  What a joke!  What's the point of blasting rocks and resources when there's absolutely nothing to build? Oh yeah, that's right, you farm resources so you can live long enough to farm more resources.  Yo dawg I heard you like farming resources.... sad that this game released with gameplay that is essentially equivalent to a played out xzibit meme."
,Not Recommended,275850,24881193,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Red barrels are dangerous,It's just borring.
76561198150254085,Not Recommended,275850,25123957,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Mac,"At the start I gave this game a positive review.After 20 hours or so I have to change it, the game becomes too boring and repetitve, extremely repetitive. There is also the huge lack of gamepley elements that were once said to be in the game, talk of paid dlc that a few months ago we would ""never be charged for dlc"", and from what I've heard a very anticlimactic resolution.Biggest flop in the video game industry in a long time."
,Not Recommended,275850,25313383,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Wulfkahn,"Just a giant let down, it's exciting the first 2-3 hours you play it until you find out that the game that was advertised is not the game you're currently playing. The story is lacking and so is the features promised."
76561198025734697,Not Recommended,275850,25308975,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,TOWONGFOO,really didnt think it was going to be so repetitively boring!
,Not Recommended,275850,26042890,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Agent 47 chromosomes,♥♥♥♥ you sean murray
76561197988310388,Not Recommended,275850,25692162,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,HamsterKiller666,"A lot of what was said to be in the game isn't.Overpriced and shallow.Worth no more than 20€ imo.Yes, I feel ripped off."
76561198007276953,Not Recommended,275850,25547423,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Blackinvicti,"Well, was going to review, but realized nothing left that can possibly be said about this game that hasn't already been covered.Advice, wait till this title is in the $5.00 or less bargain bin, then you can feel like you are getting your money's worth."
,Not Recommended,275850,25420644,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Godfrey,"Watch the trailers for this game. Did you like them? Nothing in the trailers is in the final product in the way it is presented if it is in there at all.If this game were a car, it wouldn't have wheels."
76561198296612901,Not Recommended,275850,25155967,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,SuperPlatypus3000,"After 2 weeks, this game is still unplayable for me. Everything is in slowmotion. The menu, the weapon, running...I'm stuck at 10 fps !!! I wasted 60 euros for this ! Thanks for nothing Hello Game."
76561198060844054,Not Recommended,275850,25116955,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,simonmajka,"The worst game of 2016. Alpha version of space mining game. I played it for 20+ hours and just stopped. This game fails terribly: interface is cluncky, there is no content, no variety. HelloGame`s universe has just one goal: milk us all gamers out of $$$. I tried to get a refund and couldn`t. Developers` stories before its release portrayed a different game. Seriously, someone in UK should sue them."
76561198043388381,Not Recommended,275850,25897441,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Hunzilla,Made by a liar.
76561198041068290,Not Recommended,275850,25158974,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Pro Genji,"No Man's Sky is a game that's fun for the first few hours, however it soon becomes extremely grindy, repetative, and simply leaves you wishing for more depth.Nothing you do has any rewarding aspect other than blue prints you'll likely never use, or something for you to sell. Infact- the only real thing to do in this game is make money so you can get more inventory slots to hold more things to sell and thus make more money. Every planet begins to look like the last one, and even those that dont, once you spend about 5 minutes on them you've seen all there is to see as any wildlife you may fight will either do nothing, or attack you.In short, No Man's Sky is a game that leaves you wishing there was more to do than an endless loop of 'make money to make more money'.Save your cash, no amount of DLC can save a game this hollow and empty."
76561198255191459,Not Recommended,275850,25159001,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,mike.sch,"No Man's Lie ... not worth 60 EUR, USD whatever"
76561198030719371,Not Recommended,275850,25162428,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,endragon66,"$60 is way to much for this game, too many features that should be core to the game play are missing.-outpost building(something that allows you to feel like you're exploring the planet)-being able to change the appearance of your ship-worlds that feel unique and not just the same planet with a different shade-NPC's that feel more alive-and of course multiplayer"
,Not Recommended,275850,25162404,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,𝕮𝖙𝖍𝖚𝖑𝖍𝖚,My refund is taking too long.
76561198113946325,Not Recommended,275850,25162477,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Tyrone,Don't know what to say.the game just bad
,Not Recommended,275850,25862615,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,LukeZC,"Not that the game itself is that bad, but what we got was NOT the game that has been hyped (by the devs themselves), and the devs have gone radio silent after the release."
,Not Recommended,275850,25599759,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Jampietro Liga Insana,"i only have a few words.it's very disappointing that a game this big ended up being so small.actually, i have more than a few words.Thing is NMS is a different game. It's a great concept that will inspire new games, no doubt.The visuals are awesome in its simplicity and it's certainly an interesting experience exploring gigantic planets and space stations, enjoying this atmosphere that reminds me of Kubrick's ""2001: A Space Odyssey"".The feeling i had when i traveled to a different star system for the first time was just like the felling i had when i first gazed upon the 2014 E3 trailer of NMS: AWE.Pure awe, wonder, astonishment are the words that describe this particular experience. ""What a Game"" i remember saying out loud, amazed with that presentation.And it kept happening in this next planet that i felt almost obligated to explore in its entirety. It was beautiful lots of plants, animals, the water life was amazing  and it seemed not a good ideia, at the time, to try a friendship with a sort fish that was 10 times bigger than me.I spend almost 8 straight hours on this planet, try to find every single animal species and enjoiyng the encounters with other intelligent life forms, looking for relics and new technology and everything i could go for.... But i couldn't find the last species and i thought ""ok, lets go to the others planets. i can come back later to find the last one.""The next planet i went in was really rocky and had a lot of resources so i made sure to get as much as my patience would allow in order to make some money. and i did. a lot. i could harvest the resources a get to the space station to sell them so i did it for a long time.And then, more invetory slots, new ship, trading with other merchants and going for new planets.A next planet then. Another one. And another one, and another and then the first anomaly, and then the first atlas interface and another and so forth.And that was it. same planet types, same aliens in trading posts and same this same that, do the same choir here and then there, same same same same sameeeeeee.I was way over 15hours 2 days later and it felt like that was a lot of things missing. i was repeating myself over and over till the point i did not even know why i was doing all of that. I had no objective anymore.Center of the galaxy? oh right. yeah.. good job on that ""ending"". it felt great.I couldn't believe that was it. i played for over 15hours on top of what i played before trying  to find a planet that, at least, resembled the planets i saw on the trailers. the same videos playing above this text i write at this very moment.Dino like Aliens? nope. dragon like flying life? nope. AT-ST like techno lifeform. oh god... the best i found was some dog like machines (wich i found interesting.)Races? vy'keen, gek, korvax, and....wait. think that's it. 3 races. 4 if you count your char race, wich i never figured out.So. 18 quintillion+ planets and 4 races? you can see 3 times more in ten seconds of star wars screen play.A big thumbs up for the effort on the languages... i learned over 150 different words, from 3 races.. and that was it.TO BE CLEAR:  IT PAINS ME DEEPLY NOT TO RECOMMEND THIS GAME BECAUSE OF ITS UNBELIAVABLY OVERRATED PRICE TAG..However, this is NOT a AAA game, and unfortunately will never be. it's just not worth 60 bucks.If you like the game, i get it! I LIKED it for long hours and then i got super bored with it.As i said it pains me to not recommend No Man's Sky, i waited a LONG TIME to play it, pre-purchased it and it disappoints me depply.it's just sad.PS: If you're wondering if i ever came back to the first planet to register the last species, i didn't. I wanted to, but then again, what's the point?"
,Not Recommended,275850,25283950,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Scholar_NZ,This wasn't what was promised.
,Not Recommended,275850,25284152,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Gradian,"Hope of center in galaxy sees the invisible, feels the intangible and makes great despiration.Refund right now. You should listen to what the advance party say."
,Not Recommended,275850,25280544,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,CornSenpai,Completely false advertisingWhile the game is functional the promises sean made were not kept
,Not Recommended,275850,27519030,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ig: snazztacular,No
,Not Recommended,275850,25280581,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,DNoakes,Nothing like the decs advertised
,Not Recommended,275850,25280546,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,The Old Dude,This game is repetitive. False informations from dev.I want a refund!!
76561198057728182,Not Recommended,275850,25088653,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,bosqo,"Welcome to One Man's lieEvery feature advertised in the steam trailer or said by Sean Murray in an interview is a lie.No multiplayer, no planetary rotation, no different ship classes, no big space battles, no more strange alien worlds next to the center, no important alien factions, no real solar systems (there are just systems with 3-6 planets which don't move and you can't flie from system to system without hyperdrive which is just an indirect loading screen), the sun is just a skybox, ringed planets, no complex crafting, no large creatures affecting the enviroment, just around 5-10 different types of building in the whole galaxy, extreme pop-ins when you come close to a planet ...The whole game is just an endless grind for more ressources and more inventory space.If you want to have a complete list of all missing features that were advertised a couple of month pre release take a look at this:http://www.onemanslie.info/the-original-reddit-post/stay away from this gamedon't support shaddy adverting / development"
,Not Recommended,275850,29922993,Posted: 14 February,all,Warrec,"No Man's Sky has easily the most potential of any game ever. I think the majority of people would agree this game would actually be fun and people would care more if it were Multi-Player... in ANY capacity. There are small miracles at work within this universe, and I think the vast majority of players couldn't care less about any of them.There is very little reward in discovery if you're unable to share it."
76561198013665979,Not Recommended,275850,24850407,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Oblong6,"I must say this game has had my glued to my seat for months almost controller in hand counting down the days... And for the first time i've put it down.Totally underimpressed so far. FPS is a real issue, and stuttering. I'm not yet seeking a refund i will wait to see if they add any hotfixes in but i guess i'll only get one shot at testing to not go over the 2 hour cap.Dont buy this game yet if you are on the fence.."
76561198109015905,Not Recommended,275850,24906611,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Randy Marsh,can it be realy that bad? yes it can:besides the performance issues it is borring as hell :(
76561197977551466,Not Recommended,275850,24853973,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,victorystrikesagain,Very unoptimized... rendering my PC a slideshow machine...
,Not Recommended,275850,25192959,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,MaxDemone,"RE-EDITED: Game is actually decent now, basically everything promised is in except multiplayer. If they had multiplayer or more cool♥♥♥♥♥♥I may make it recommended."
76561198062789765,Not Recommended,275850,25310216,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,dbrown9141,The game's initial beauty and appeal is a facade and you will quickly realize there's no substance. I hate that I bought this game.
,Not Recommended,275850,25333984,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Eric,Would rather get cancer. Twice.
76561198195244491,Not Recommended,275850,25259268,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,kerchirga,"The devs leid about basically everything in the game such as there being multiplayer and the ""VAST"" amount of planets and differnet wildlife and plants in the game. Also the screenshots and trailers are not even close to what the product was. I tried to like the game but after almost 10 hours and seeing sevral things pop up like no multiplayer and the center of the universe being a glorified reset button. In conclusion I can't recomend this game to nayone and i think the devs should be ashamed at what they did to many customers."
,Not Recommended,275850,25268606,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Benjam,♥♥♥
76561198000894160,Not Recommended,275850,25359048,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,pipvanwinkle,"Honestly I had high hopes for this game. Unfortunately, the official release is still a beta. Few of the promised attributes are in the game what-so-ever. No multiplayer. No freighter destruction. No ship customization (it's more luck that you find one you like). No deserted planets. Not to mention that the story is vauge and un-involved at best. I painfully regret purchasing this game and hope that others will not make the same mistake.If all of the above problems (and others not mentioned) are fixed according to what the community wants, I'd buy it."
76561198078756729,Not Recommended,275850,25341679,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Wilshinbo,"Interesting at first, but the lack of meaningful story and diversity meant this interest died out very quickly. Modding is very much redundant due to the very limited slots. No differnece between individual ships apart from the procedural gain in inventory slots. Overall, it is not worth the AAA price."
,Not Recommended,275850,25613791,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,KarateKite,"No Man's Sky is a game that gets in the way of itself. It feels like Hello Games really really wanted to make a purely exploration-focused 'Proteus-in-Space' — which would be fantastic and amazing, you can still salvage this, HG — but then at the last minute they felt compelled to shoehorn traditional gameplay elements in to legitimise what they were making. The (awful, unchallenging, tedious) survival mechanics only act as gates that keep the player away from the crunchy core of this game, which is the procedurally-generated galaxy.The proc-gen is capable of delivering some lovely surprises, but feels artificially limited overall. I still find animals I've never seen before and I giggle out loud every time, but that sense of surprise and wonderment is limited in the fauna (there are only so many species on a planet, and they don't meaningfully interact with each other) and nearly absent from the flora and landscape. Planets have only one biome each. There's no such thing as a water table; caves in planets that don't have seas will never have water inside them. The strength of gravity is the same on a huge planet as it is on that planet's tiny moon. Barren planets are never barren. Every planet has a blue flower that gives you platinum, a gold flower that gives you zinc, and a solitary-growing vine that is the only plant species that attacks you.I think that HG limited these elements to make the game easy to read for players: ""Oh I see a blue flower, I can get some platinum."" But those limitations cripple the game's own aspirations; if the point is to literally turn you into an explorer on the frontiers of a star system that no one has ever seen, and perhaps will never see again, then isn't that undermined by the fact that you can land on a planet's surface and immediately recognise certain plants as recurring resouce containers?The reason I've been able to play this game as long as I have, the reason I didn't refund it nearly immediately, is because there's a decent-sized modding community springing up around this game, fixing or expanding on the game to bring it closer to what players wanted. It's no understatement to say that modding is literally saving this game right now. But every uncommented patch that HG releases makes the modding community shrink a little more, and without proper mod support, HG will just lose all the creative in the modding community and their game will just fade to black."
,Not Recommended,275850,24846404,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Mushahid Shahid,"This is the first game I ever pre-ordered. I deeply regret it. On a PC that can play GTA 5 on high at 80+ fps, this game runs horribly on low settings, at 40 fps and constant freezes.I want this to be fixed, or this will also be my first refund."
,Not Recommended,275850,25302327,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Bubi,"I came into this game really hopeful and have been left utterly disappointed.I now know never to preorder a game again.The constant lies in the marketing campaign shouldnt of been allowed, this is not the product we were promised."
76561198090746427,Not Recommended,275850,25440125,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,HEISENBERG,"this game gets very boring very quickly, it is nothing like it was advertised to be. this game is as wide as a universe but as deep as a puddle."
76561198044812199,Not Recommended,275850,25440298,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Intimidar,"Steam could at least have them remove some of their Trailers which still falsely advertise the game.....Really, all of us deserve a refund for this LIE."
76561198052233372,Not Recommended,275850,25380629,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Ninjafarfar,Lies!No multiplayer even if it was promised.
76561198009806008,Not Recommended,275850,25412035,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,StrengthWithin,"I like the game, compraed to all the people putting it down I am all for a diorama simulator of a universe... With something to do to make it something more than a tech demo. That's what the game was meant to be and evryone who thinks otherwise hasn't listened properly to Sean Murray interviews and is a victim of Sony's Marketing.Like i said, the game is good escept that i never play it because, since i craked up everything to ultra detail and then some, I can't even start the game. What I mean is that it runs at 60 FPs, sometimes randomly dips to mid 20s, but w/e AMD cards suck and i was so dumb as to purchase one, but I never even get to that point anymore... the intro sequence runs at 3fps, 3 FPS! FOR 4-5 minutes and that's everytime i start the game! No way I am going through that. Giove me a black screen with a loading sign, not a stuttering 3 minute cover for it. Sadly i think I won't be playing the game anymore because of this."
76561197970699116,Not Recommended,275850,25245829,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,KickAssDave,"Everything negative you have read about the game is the truth.  I think this is my first review and I'm here to display my dismay at how much of a complete waste of money this game was.  Absolutely no chance at all this was worth £39.99 and I started and stopped playing this within a couple of days.There were so so many lies told about what would be in this game, the trailers look NOTHING like the finished product and despite a dual Titan X setup, it doesn't even run smoothly??? Horrible horrible game, mods won't even save this."
,Not Recommended,275850,25300379,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Cahms,I played 3.1 hours. Biggest regret of my life. Can't refund it now
76561198118021282,Not Recommended,275850,25381385,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Swock,"I´ve never botherd writing a review before but simply: DON´T BUY THIS ""GAME"""
,Not Recommended,275850,25300267,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Do The Roar,"This game is not at all like the advertisements and promises which were made for it. Multiple things are missing from the game which were promised early on by the developers and additionally the game has been badly put together. Despite having a PC perfectly capable of running most AAA titles at a high setting, this game still runs terribly. It certainly is not worth the asking price, and in its current state is essentially a minecraft rehash without base building. Definitely not recommended."
76561198065487532,Not Recommended,275850,25257660,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Smokey,"Quite a let down. I really wanted this to be good. It didn't even have to be great, just good. But it isn't."
76561198086227778,Not Recommended,275850,24986318,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,awaller436,"Meh. It's...okay. if you enjoy long hours of collecting resources for little payoff and random crashes. This game is for you. I didn't run into the fps problems people seem to be having but, I got bored really quickly.In the 1.8 hours of game time I logged, 90% was spent walking from one place to the next.There's no real game here.I thought I would enjoy it because I like space stuff but seriously. This is boring as all hell.Wait for it to go on sale or at least until they add♥♥♥♥♥♥because as it stands right now, it's not worth the money."
76561198048563412,Not Recommended,275850,25260519,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,drone929,"Lies, False advertising and more lies.Are people actually getting their refunds?"
76561198025656412,Not Recommended,275850,25795434,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,VladtheImpaler,We need to have class action suits to stop this kind of false advertising in the future. The industry is not going to do it on their own.The game is so shallow. After 2 days I felt I had done evertything and was getting bored. Haven't touched it since.
76561198007219352,Not Recommended,275850,25238300,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,ƉϵҢטᴍƛȵɨɀɘʠ,Just so nany lies! Lies apon lies apon lies! Just seeing any footage of any of the pre launch footage makes me cringe uncontrolably
,Not Recommended,275850,25238284,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,hadez,"Not the game that was promised, its not fun and with bugs"
76561198094652791,Not Recommended,275850,25165948,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,vaelikfox317,"I was very impressed with this game originally. Finally, a game that offers the space aspect I was dreaming of, and a very cool concept. About 24 hours of gameplay in, and only a few planets in, I already found I had maxed out the upgrade slots to my exosuit, I maxed out the tech upgrades for The ship, multi tool and suit, explored hundreds of areas, only to find every planet was a retexture and remix of the same plant types, some with specalized plants, but still lower verity then I was expecting.The next 24 hours of game play I find myself just working towards a better ship, and discovering there isnt really much more to this game then a space flight, basic crafting, exploration (and ecological identification) game. The item listing amounts for avalable resorces is also shockingly small. It appears minecraft may offer more items in total.I loved this game but it was not what I expected at all. For this price, I expected so much more from this game. Honestly after seeing what I have, I would not have bought this game. I feel anything over $20 would actually be overpriced.Its a very interesting concept but the developers just arnt there yet. It seems they released it before it was truly ready, or they just wanted a cash grab based on the hype. Maybe both. I hope perhaps they might update the game and fix the obvious flaws within the game, as it does not have enough content to warrent the nearly $70 price tag. It has enough content to occupy you until you can no longer return it and realize what the game actually is. A nice looking space trading, exploration, flight and crafting game. And a bunch of failed promises."
,Not Recommended,275850,25910207,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,TheRealVelocir™,"Lmao devs appeared to have already abandoned their ""dream project"" so quickly after release.After Update 1.1 it still performs like absolute garbage and looks like garbage, kind of pathetic really.Villain Needs a Hug Award <3"
76561198067609211,Not Recommended,275850,25208887,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Cabal,"I loved this game for about the first 2 hours, exploration, upgrades, etc. then I realized that this would be the biggest grind for no real benefit. I tried to find other planets and explore the story but that much left to be desired."
76561198166465396,Not Recommended,275850,25327413,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Cockney Thug,"So much potential.... but so much disappointment. Don't get me wrong, the first few hours’ are fun. But after that it gets VERY frustrating and very boring. If the devs had actually made this game the way they said they were going to make it, it would be awesome and would get two big thumbs up from me..... But they didn't.... they LIED! Save your money (almost 70 DOLLARS!) for something else. Or wait until the ♥♥♥♥ing game is actually FINISHED!"
76561198102927970,Not Recommended,275850,25224975,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,n.palazzari,"I rarely feel any need to review a game, but No Man's Sky is so entirely dissapointing and dishonest I feel the need to.  For a game with a AAA price, it's features are painfully indie.  After the first few planets, it becomes obvious that the majority of flora and fauna is simply the same recylced models with a few minor changes, like different colors or small changes to the features.  Many of the plants are literally indistinguashable from those on other planets, and the number of completely identical un-scanable stock plants is pathetic.  A few common plants look like they were made by a college student who had taken a few 3D modeling classes, they are so clearly artificial and ridicoulous.  The ecosystems seem totally random and without reason.  Sean Murray lied so many times promoting this game, i don't even want to go into it.  I can't believe I wasted $60 on this piece of trash."
76561197970283897,Not Recommended,275850,25231945,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,nelttab,"Constant crashes, cannot mine Plat without crashing and corrupting saves. Game is nothing like what has beeen adverised for years. DO NOT RECOMMEND. No Multiplayer when it was specified that you WOULD be able to run into other people, just unlikely."
,Not Recommended,275850,25930034,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,A kid's spiked Caprisun,Disappointment.
,Not Recommended,275850,25416761,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Po-Tay-Toes,"2 hours in, there is nothing left to explore.Huge disappointment.3/10 Thanks for nothing, game refunded, bought Subnautica"
76561198005718568,Not Recommended,275850,25416604,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Nittany_Lion,"Just a total mess.I couldn't get it to run properly on the first day or so and had several problems. This added up to about 3 hours of time that was added to my use total even though I had not even played the game. Finally got it to run after another hour or 2 of experimenting.Soooo I'm up to 5 hours PLUS and am just nw starting...Quickly discovered this game was a meaningless grind and it wasnt for me. Decided to appply for a refund.GUESS WHAT??   DENIED!!   Oh dear I had gone over the TWO hour limit. I've only asked for refunds on maybe 2 games previously in quite a few years on Steam.It will be a LONNNGGG TIME before I ever, if ever, buy a Steam title again.I feel TOTALLY ripped off.STEAM Wont do anything at all."
76561198050355370,Not Recommended,275850,25864430,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,1-800-MATH,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!! It is the biggest let down in recent gaming history!
,Not Recommended,275850,25899958,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Simego,"Did i enjoy it for a few hours?Yes.Is the game what they sold?No.Does the game give you some real story you can finish?No you can't finish but the ""story"" is kinda cool to explore, 99% repetitive though.Did they refund my money after 1 request from account info and 2 from tickets?No! Because i ""played too much"" and ""I NEED TO ASK the DEVELOPERS"" to improve the game (to be what they sold).Should you buy it?No, don't waste your money on something unfinished, so many awesome indie titles on steam!THANKS NO MAN'S SKY, this is MY FIRST STEAM NEGATIVE REVIEW!"
,Not Recommended,275850,24990939,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Netherfury,"What puts me off is that you don't really see a lot of variety between rocks formations, plants and animals from different planets and systems. After a while, most planets feel the same, just with a different color palette.It feels like a game that is stil in alpha/beta, far from the adventure as promised from its earlier trailers. It also weighs you down with its contant need to reload resource, boring crafting and unfriendly inventory management.If you take it slow, it's enjoyable at times. But I think after spending about 30 hours on it, I'd rather be spending my precious playtime on something else, something that feels more rewarding.Pity. This game had so much potential."
76561198137659050,Not Recommended,275850,25522454,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,LegionFTSdoesTwitchstuff,♥♥♥♥ing boring... oh i forgot... and its singleplayer... smfh...1 YEAR LATER AND THERE'S NO EXIT BUTTON ON THE MAIN MENU!!! WHAT A ♥♥♥♥ING JOKE!!!!
,Not Recommended,275850,25964453,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Lapa,"After 40 hours of pushing myself into playing this ... im done.There is so much things wrong, so many development lies, im pretty sure i was scammed !!Dont buy !(01/09/2017) EDIT - In the following weeks i will replay the game and update the review if i feel i should."
,Not Recommended,275850,25127912,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,CrippledPoet,"No Man's Sky IMO is neither bad nor good - so for that reason I cannot recommend this game.There will be people that will love it for what it is - A space exploration game (with a big emphasis on the word 'explore') that genuinely makes you feel small in this giant, procedurally generated universe.And there will be people that will hate it – Because of the unfortunate over-hype of the game and sense that it will be much more than what it is.I sensed the warning signs early as people were still asking “But what do you actually do?” even after seeing gameplay videos. That question had already been answered, what we were seeing is what you do. You walk around planets, gather resources, fly away and repeat. This was over shadowed by the concentration on the fact that the guys at Hello Games had created this overwhelming technology that could create this solar system and that you could seamlessly transition between a planet’s surface and space – which is probably the most consistently exciting part of the game.I jumped off the hype train after seeing these videos and lowered my expectation a little bit. This helped me enjoy the game initially when I did pick it up. 14 odd hours later, after I had collected the same materials for the 1000th time to power my hyperdrive to reach the centre of the universe, I realised I didn’t care anymore. If you’re going to have a game that relies on grinding as its core gameplay then it has to feel rewarding, No Man’s Sky does not achieve this.It’s expensive for what you get out of the game and I do hope they put some big updates in that populate this seemingly endless world, but right now it’s not worth it. The first few hours of exploration and discovery with No Man’s Sky is fantastic but it just all starts to feel irrelevant – though on the other hand I can totally see why people would enjoy this game, it’s just not for me. In time I hope I can change this review and say I can recommend it."
,Not Recommended,275850,25294524,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,CartoonFace™,Well what can i say. Worse than Dayz Standalone devs are only about your money and false advertising if you watch the trailer dont think you are buying that its really not worth £40 i have £10 games in my libary i would much rather play 0/10 no mans sky avoid this game.
76561198031352925,Not Recommended,275850,25242586,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Vengeful_92,This is not a game but an overglorified tech demo
76561198115455958,Not Recommended,275850,25299788,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Vorteck,a refund would be nice thanks
76561198072937950,Not Recommended,275850,25299883,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Sal_Vatos,$60 Dollars is way too much to do the samething over and over again on each planet! andeverything looks the same...$20 feels fair. Ive played indie games withmore content then this.I will have to give this game a thumbs down!
76561198069647364,Not Recommended,275850,25260457,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,david_b_hamby,It worked about 3 times for me - all total about 30 minutes of play and now all I get is the splash sreen then it terminates. All in all a waste of money.
,Not Recommended,275850,26225683,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,YoDude,You have learned the Gek word for 'Don't buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,275850,25186624,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,JJJustice,"I really enjoyed the first hour or so of gameplay. After that it felt a little grindy, but I figured I'd do it so I could meet up with my friends near the center.Then they announced that never claimed you can see your friends and it was never a multiplayer game which is an outright lie.I learned all of this after grinding for another few hours hours :(I actually only played the game for maybe 7-8 hours and left it on overnight for 2-3 nights trying to get an achievement."
,Not Recommended,275850,26623451,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,|NeX| Meta,I cant believe they have the audacity to still be selling this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥shallow promise of a game.
76561198038509073,Not Recommended,275850,25350329,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Ramna,I hope the first content update brings something to this game because the potential is obvious. But as it is every aspect of the gameplay is early beta in it's delivery and content. I hope the dev team take the criticism of the game as a challenge and do something great with the potential they have. If not the unique irony of 'Hello Games' may be realised.Not worth the money as it is.
,Not Recommended,275850,25313357,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Magic!,"Lies include, but are not limited to,MultiplayerFreighter destructionFreighters crashing into planetsDesert planetsShips that have unique strengths and weaknessesMulti tool discovery and namingShip discovery and namingFaction warsFreedom with flight (not being limited to how low you can fly)And moreDon't forget the terrible lack of planet, plant, and animal variety, and also the repetition after about 5 hours.Don't buy this game unless you want less than what the interviews and trailers showSorry Sean, but this is not close to a full and finished game that is worth the 60$"
76561198096196170,Not Recommended,275850,25761484,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Creepynumbersheep,"Im gonna say what everyone else has said. This game was ok,but the developers promised lots of♥♥♥♥♥♥that turned up not to be in the game, such as coop.The game has a simple pattern, you will notice that every planet is the same but looks different. Got boring and I feel it is not worth the money. Get Spore, it's cheaper."
,Recommended,275850,34208220,Posted: 13 August,all,TUFOM,SeanMurray.exe has stopped lying
,Not Recommended,275850,25361799,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Mungo_,Just get Star Citizen.
76561198116467610,Not Recommended,275850,26727058,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Spicy McHaggis,"I don't normally post negative reviews, but...Don't waste your time with this ""resource managment"" incomplete game. I fell for the marketing hype and believed that the game would be as advertised... I even gave it a chance... It's terrible, boring, repetative.."
76561198009073765,Not Recommended,275850,25254446,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,AVE,"TL;DR - there is no game here, move along.I've tried to find fun and joy in this game. I really, really tried (just look at my hours played!).I visited many planets - just to find that all of them are largely the same patterns. After a few of them you start to notice that landscapes are no different and it feels like you are on the same planet despite you warped to another star - just a color change and sometimes there is some variation to flora (or no flora at all), as it happens in a biome change.I scanned a lot of animals - and after a few hours I started to find similarities in them. Hey, I've scanned something similar to that one a few planets ago! I open my discovery tab and yes - here it is, horns missing, slightly different skin. They are constructed from a limited number of parts and when you have scanned enough of them - it feels like you have scanned them all. Just parts composition is different.The crafting. What looked like a great system at start in two hours just stopped giving me new blueprints! I found them all - and this made almost no difference in my playstyle. The blueprints don't change anything. They give you a bit of comfort here and there, but nothing game-changing at all!I talked to many aliens - there was no story, no fraction wars, nothing. Just some bits of lore, that has tedious and very grindy way to find all of them.Then the ship simulation part. It just feels... incompleted, I'm not the sim-fan myself, but I noticed that my ship is very clunky to control and it feels unnatural to drive it.I'm really, really disappointed with this game. The game in the current state is simply not what it was advertised."
76561198005187268,Not Recommended,275850,24998859,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Sparrow,"Biggest problem with this game is the expectaions of the players. It turns out everything Sean Murray says has to be gymnastically parsed by his fanboy defenders to have any truth value. If you interpret what he says the way a normal person would, you'll be surely disappointed.While the game has most of the basic features you'd expect (walking, shooting, inventories, flying, etc.), it executes them all in the most basic of ways. 18 quintillion planets? Sure, though you'll be hard pressed to distinguish one from another when you think back on your journey. Alien lifeforms? Yep, it you consider MOBS scattered randomly across a planet alien lifeforms, and again you'll be unable to distinguish one from another when you reflect on your journey. Space combat? Yes, again, though the controls are primitive and there is little point to it.Every feature of the game has this shortcoming. With many games the experience of playing exceeds the sum of its individual parts. With NMS, however, the sum of the parts is a number pretty close to zero.This game is little more than a walking simulator. In all seriousness $10 would be a fair price for it, though there are hundreds of games that cost less than $10 that are way more sophisticated and complex. It may improve if some of the ""promised"" free expansions happen, but again, that's Sean Murray talking and it turns out ""There will be no paid DLC"" actually means ""There will be paid DLC"" in Murray-speak."
,Not Recommended,275850,25022419,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Mr. Sarcastic,"As much as I would love to recommend this game, I just can't. Maybe it was the hype, but to me, the game is completely underwhelming. An hour and a half in and I really have no desire to go back to it. There simply isn't enough there to keep me interested, no matter how wide the universe is. It all boils down to the same thing: mine stuff to repair your spaceship and go to another planet to mine more stuff to get to the next planet ad infinitum.While the game is stunningly gorgeous at times, graphics aren't going to keep you going. What holds attention is gameplay and/or plot, of which there are next to none.No Man's Sky is far too shallow to justify the $60 price tag. The game is worth $30 AT BEST. Don't buy this now; wait until the price drops or until there are major changes and additions. As a friend of mine told me, this game feels like an early access game right now, albeit a promising and unfinished-feeling one."
76561198061689228,Not Recommended,275850,25133396,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,/-|rkh,"abundance of crashes on the game’s less-than-stable PC port, lack of a real story as well as variation in core gameplay, same kinds of planets even though 1 tiny little thing has been changed on 1 animal"
76561197962940929,Not Recommended,275850,25155911,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,razorone,"It is alright to for about 15 minutes. The mechanics are wonky, the HUD sucks and honestly, it isn't at all what was presented to us pre release. If it cost $15-$20, I would consider it a deal. But, at $60 I feel completely ripped off."
,Not Recommended,275850,25152894,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,JT70900,"I can not recommend this game at all. It is very boring, very grindy and bugged like crazy. The tutorial and pre-order dlc broke the game to a point it took me more than 2 hours to get in to space. It is amazing how coincidental that is... just enough for Steam to not refund me for the game. The trailor on the buying page is a lie, the game is nothing like that. I see no other explination than a pure money grab and I am disappointed Steam is complicent in this."
76561198292412503,Not Recommended,275850,25153558,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,jamesperchie,"this game is great but once you have seen one planet you've seen them all, you can really see the limits of the procedural generation. also there are bugs that still need to be fixed for example sometimes when i am heading towards an encounter on a planet with my ship it will gradualy get farther away as i go towards it. another example is when i was walking around in a station a ship landed on me and i was trapped i still havent wriggled my way out yet by the time i finished writing this. other than that the game is great.to sum it up the game has a few bugs and gets boring quick but i have yet to reach the center and that alone keeps me playing also something about sucking up matter with a gun is so satisfying."
,Not Recommended,275850,25133154,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,OllietheMagicBum,The ONLY thing you basically do is quest to increase storage space. That's really it. Game is fun but quickly becomes repetitive and easy.
,Not Recommended,275850,25515631,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Elite,"I play games for over 20 years. This is single handedly the Worst Scam in gaming history. Why? Because this game is nothing like it was advertised. I havent refund the game and i wont even i can so this can be a lessons for me, my friends and whoever reads this.DO NOT PREORDER ANY GAMES UNTIL ITS RELEASED and until you can see demo/gameplay/live on youtube and twitch. Stop feeding this liars your cash.I will never ever buy a game related to HG and Sean Murray."
,Not Recommended,275850,25075163,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,aL3891,"way to expensive for what's in the game all planets are technically diffrent but extremley uniform, allwitch is pretty boring, all space stations also have an identical and tiny interior."
76561198009064746,Not Recommended,275850,25764113,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,DJSamedi,"As of today (9/29/2016) this game is being investigated by the Advertising Standards Authority for false advertisement.A mere 12% of players review the game favorably.Since launch there has been dead silence from the dev's, aside from a small, 3 paragraph entry on their website, which really only listed some minor bug fixes.The game is empty - aside from the gimmicks that lured most of us in, it lacks playable content. There are so few things to actually do in the game, and it becomes so very monotonous so very quickly. Shame on Hello Games, shame on Sean Murray.It's not even like I really need to write a review either, the reputation of this game has been forever tarnished, and the PR damage the dev's have done to themselves will be irrepairable - exactly as it should be.Edit:I nominated this game for ""Refund of the Year"" in the steam store."
76561198040851920,Not Recommended,275850,26232741,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,A Lone Penguin,Lies
76561198120640603,Not Recommended,275850,25898921,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Big Shaq,The lies Hurt! :(
,Not Recommended,275850,26226884,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Nimish,What a waste.
76561198087640608,Not Recommended,275850,25393171,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,AwaySage,this game is a pile dont waste your money buy anything else instead steam needs to refund everyone who got this P.O.S game
,Not Recommended,275850,25392080,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,paddock,still salty i haven't gotten my refund...
,Not Recommended,275850,25485394,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Hallskar,It's just not worth the $60 price tag. Maybe half of that for what playability it has.
,Not Recommended,275850,25023161,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Dab,"Broken, and to be honest, boring.  2 patches in and still not truly playable on max settings, with stretched overlays and HUD, etc.  Will re-review once it is playable."
76561198009384358,Not Recommended,275850,25542760,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,01010001,"Before pre-ordering (something I haven't done for over a decade) I had been following this game for nearly three years! I was so excited about it I also pre-ordered a copy for my wife so we could both enjoy it. I am so disappointed; as has been said countless times before me there were so many features promised (even right before release) that are simply not in the game. Hello Games' silence is deafening, they are ignoring the community. I don't know how they expect to sell anything after this whole fiasco."
76561198074383222,Not Recommended,275850,26120914,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Jjkl222,:(
,Not Recommended,275850,25332773,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,jenjen1130,"This game literally was advertised as so much more, and failed every expectation."
76561198068564418,Not Recommended,275850,25516789,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Skelneng,"At first this game sounds amazing, nearly infinite universe to explore, survival elements, advanced crafting system, space battles and so on, so why shouldnt I buy this game? well the anwser is simple:most of the advertised stuff is not in game or is reduced to minimum, here are some examples:-the multiplayer is quite often mentioned, well it completly doesn't exist.-advanced crafting is just collect 2 resources and craft item.-survival elements are ... erm... when storm comes just hide, thats all, nothing else and it doesnt change from planet to planet at all.-large amount of diffrent animal species you should be able to find on your way is bunch of elements for each part of animal body that are mixed in all possible combinations. you visit few planets and discover that everything looks so similar to what you already saw.-space combat is lucklaster, you can somewhat fight with small ships ( which is a bit buggy / has some problems ), but in case of big ships all you can do is steal resources that this ship caries ( unless bug says no) and thats all, ships doesnt move really or do anything at all, they just appear from nowhere.  also the "" space police "" and amount of bugs connected to it is unbeliveble, disappearing ships, wanted level dropping with no reason, being shoot from nonexistant ships and so on...-also the whole game uses extreamly anoying UI ( that is created for consoles, not PC ) which makes playing quite a frustrating whenever you have to do something beside mining minerals.thats what came to my mind, but there are many more problems with this game, with many technical problems. however something that this games actualy includes is big universe and for me that is all.if I knew what would actualy be in this game and what from all the advertised stuff is not in it, I wouldnt buy it as it is just rip off. get told about all the things it should have and discover most of it doesnt exists makes me feel cheated..."
76561198066181207,Not Recommended,275850,25053129,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Nuruk,"So..after playing 25 hours my opinion comes to this.Yes its a fun game to explore, some people compare it to minecraft minus the builiding aspect.However. It's a grind.You'll enjoy the first 10-15 hours of the game exploring the new planets and travelling throughout the universe where is there 14 quintillion planets, however you ask you self a question if theres any point disocvering 20 planets as they get repetetetive and boring. Yes the game is about exploration but some planets are not even worth exploring.Everything becomes really repetetive, the builidings you see, the ships you come across, the planets and the grind which does pay off in the long term if you really want to go and visit the centre of the universe. (I've my self not been to the centre of the universe, but i don't really see a point beacuse in theory there's no centre of the universe.)There are of course some positives to the game such as, space battles and encountering different life forms living on different planet that are ""generated"", going through blackholes, and the aesthetic look of the game although it doesn't really look much like the 2014 E3 gameplay trailer.I do enjoy the game, but i do not recommend it.I'm still hoping for multiplayer and a lot of the bug fixies likes falling through the face of the planet that I've encountered plenty of times.I hope you find this somewhat helpful.¬Nuruk"
76561198071609805,Not Recommended,275850,25252481,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,StapleDickMonster,I have created a poem for this hanus game...No Mans SkyIt makes me cryI want to dieIts such a lieDo not buy-Thank you...
,Not Recommended,275850,25268790,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,The man behind the mask,it took me over two hours to see if the game was good...So i can't refund it
76561198219896511,Not Recommended,275850,24881577,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Aeon42,"Bugged as Hell.Not worth it.Also requesting third button on my mouse (while not even single one of those 9 works for it).XBox360 gamepad ""working"" only halfway.also bugged as hell."
,Not Recommended,275850,24846863,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,kilasha,"oh i got a message from a facebook..alt+ tabsokay time to start playing againcan't tab back in the game""RAGE after gathering alot of fuel for the ship""!!quits game write a review about not recommend this game until every bug is fix"
,Not Recommended,275850,24968325,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Blue Eyes White Dragon,"As much as I'm enjoying the game, I wouldn't recommend this to my friends, especially with a $60 price tag. No Man's Sky is an interstellar safari adventure, nothing more.Planets - the good: If you just enjoy exploring like me, you're going to have a good time at least for your first dozen or so planets. You'll learn new Gek words, blueprints that will help you adapt to harsher environments better, and maybe you'll find a few areas that look so cool, you just have to stop and take a screenshot. That is what this game does best, and if you are considering purchase, keep this in mind. That and the brilliant soundtrack to go along with your travels.Planets - the bad: Although planets are often huge and proceduraly generated, most assets stay the same, therefore there is no point to exploring an entire planet. I spent about six hours just on my starter planet hoping to explore the whole thing, but the truth is there is no point. Once you discover the unique animals, rocks, and flora of that planet, it's usually safe to move on to the next one unless you want to mine or explore reused asset locations in hopes of finding a recipe you didn't already know. There is no reward or satisfaction in mapping an entire planet, and you aren't going to find anything unique like natural wonders. There are ruins, but even that is underwhelming due to how small they are.World Building - On your journey, you'll learn more about the Gek race, sentinels, etc. What you won't learn much of is the history of the planets you come across. This is the negative to procedural generation. Nothing has any real history, and structures more or less have the same design and architecture. You'd think ideas would have been different planet to planet, but you'd be wrong. Even if the game had colossal city ruins (which ~20 hours played, I haven't found any yet), there wouldn't be any journals or records to show who the inhabitants were, their culture, religion, etc. Sadly, world building just doesn't exist in this game other than allowing you to rename the creatures, flora, planets, and systems that you discover. You don't create anything, you just upgrade and move on.Despite all the negatives provided, I need to make it clear that I am enjoying No Man's Sky. Despite the terrible PC launch and broken promises, this is a solid game, especially considering it was developed by 11 people. Is it worth buying if you have that special personality type like me? Only if you have money to blow. You're most likely better off waiting for the price to drop to $40, or lower."
76561197995391202,Not Recommended,275850,24985782,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Nanida,Very poorly optimized for pc with only 90 minutes of real gameplay then the same thing repeating over and over. I'd rather just play minecraft.
,Not Recommended,275850,24914037,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,chaosgrimm,"Parts of the game are done well. Navigating between planets is fun. There are a variety of different planets. Seeing a message appear such as ""Hostile scan detected"" can lead to some pretty interesting and intense situations. However, as a whole I dont think I'd recommend.The game is primarily:* Walk / Pilot* View Environments.* Gather fuel.If you're wanting anything more, this game isn't for you. If you're wanting this for the other elements such as the upgrade systems, combat systems, etc. you'll be disappointed and should look elsewhere.The game falls short in several areas.1) After you land on a planet, the points of interest you can discover are pretty stale and seems to be limited to:* Structure(s) that you shoot + fight adds that spawn* A structure that contains interactable objects such as containers, panels, etc.* A structure that allows you to trade.^ all of which are very small and unimpressive, and seem to yield either vendor trash or materials/blueprints for upgrades. Unfortunately:2) The upgrade system is bad.Outside of the intial upgrades in the tutorial, the rest of the upgrades dont seem to matter at all. Since the goal of the game is traveling, the important items tend to be centered around fuel and inventory space. You dont ""need"" any upgrades outside the tutorial as far as I can tell. I was expecting a system similar to Starbound in which I might be required to upgrade my suit so that I could explore a planet with a particularly hazardous environment, but this does not appear to be the case. Even the inventory upgrades are poorly balanced. There is little reason to purchase a different ship for inventory space as suit inventory upgrades both more useful and substantially cheaper.3) Combat elements are fairly limited and underdeveloped. Mobs are predictable. Rewards for engaging in combat are poor. Lack of weapon variety. In general there isnt much worth shooting and little variety of weapons to shoot with.  Dog fighting almost requires you to go into a menu  mid-fight to recharge your shield. You'll be disapointed"
76561198047402687,Not Recommended,275850,25055557,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,DailyUse,Not as expected =  waste of time.
,Not Recommended,275850,24904176,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,OGJudas,"its 2016 and bad ports are still coming out, ive seen gameplay of the ps4 version of this game and it looks amazing, I've got 2 times the recommended amount of VRAM and I'm still having to run it in all low settings at a 1366 x 768 resolution and I'm not even getting close to 30 frames, i set max FPS to Max and it never touches 31 or ever surpasses it, @HelloGames, fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is the perfect example as to why hype ruins a game, im better off waiting another 2 years for these indie devs to make this actually playable, i dont know when game devs will actually realize that the PC is more used than any ps4 ever will be, this did not meet any expectations i had of the game, multiplayer is a scam. This game is 100% not worth a 65$ price tagEDIT: there have been multiple updates that seem to be patches for the problem with framerate, although barely noticeable or barely working, these devs kinda just have fed us♥♥♥♥♥♥now rather than actually adding in new things to the game like they should be focusing on.EDIT: (found this pic and i think its brilliant, not mine but wanted to post it too)░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░No Mans Sky▐▄▄▄▀░░░"
,Recommended,275850,34174858,Posted: 11 August,all,Razor,"The new update is freaking ace, loved taking part in the Waking Titan ARG as well, can't wait to see what Hello Games have in store for us in the future."
76561197978366409,Not Recommended,275850,24911699,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Arzh,Nothing feels good. The contant rebanding of the camera make me feel like I don't actually have any real control. Shooting is bad espacally since combat can kick off just for mining. Flying is too controlled and I don't feel like I can do what I actually want to do.
,Not Recommended,275850,25257667,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,TheLiquor,Got my hopes up.
,Not Recommended,275850,25246700,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Ayumi,"Do you enjoy disappointment? Yes? Do you enjoy spending 60$ on disappointment? Yes? Well no mans sky is a game you'll really enjoy. Over a trillion of empty planets, performance issues, and derpy plants and animals no mans sky is truly a treasure. The only thing in this game that isn't a disappointment is the flying, its pretty much the only thing this game did right.The worst part is, if you're someone like me who thought the game gets better the longer you play, you're wrong, and because you're wrong you cant even get a refund. Trust me, I tried"
76561197966429427,Not Recommended,275850,25154804,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Not Void,"That is a pretty cool trailer, wouldn't mind playing that game..."
76561197982408371,Not Recommended,275850,25492441,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,recaltotal,this has to be one of the worse games i have ever played oni only brought it because a freind of mine had pre-ordered it so the day it came out i brought to join himbut NO MULTIPLAYERso i kept playing for awhile regardless of not being able to get to himi managed to get off the planet i was onrepeat repeat repeat collect collect yawnmost ever priced game on the market for the rubbish you getto any1 thinking of getting this game DONOT buy itand with 7 hours gametime i get refused a refund so im stuck with a worthless game ill never play that i wish hadnt over paid for£5 would of been the most i would of paid for this game had i knew how bad it was
76561198042350163,Not Recommended,275850,25838449,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,a soggy potato,Avoid this game at all costs. We were heavily lied to. Even the trailers and screenshots on the strore page are a LIE.
,Not Recommended,275850,25492737,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,NoNaMe,nothing common with ads
,Not Recommended,275850,25758382,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Duke Of Jam,Sean Murray....Hello Games.... eat a bag of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198068135109,Not Recommended,275850,25435647,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,blob,"First 15 hours were relatively decent after I got the game working. Seems like they couldn't be bothered to finish it and sean just ended up taking a giant steaming♥♥♥♥♥♥on it. Endless grinding with no goal, planets are supposed to be different but are literally the exact same♥♥♥♥♥♥every single time. I tried to play after I finished the atlas quests, but it was so incredibly boring I ended up staring at a map on my wall instead. Just a testament to how absolute dog♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is. Not even talking about the hype, it's just a dog♥♥♥♥♥♥underdeveloped indie game at a triple A price tag."
76561198086591374,Not Recommended,275850,25190553,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,-GalacticDesu-,"The available mods make it better than what it is. Should've been one of those ""early access"" nightmares."
,Not Recommended,275850,24846483,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Majeed,I can't play the game I've redownloaded it 3 times now and it gives me starting game then it doesn't start and says syncing and nothing happens
76561198072742980,Not Recommended,275850,25348212,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Prometheús,"Rip off, lies, scam and ridiculous. This game wasn't cheap. I would value it at £5 myself, but £40 was paid due to the excitement from the false advertisment. Not happy!!!"
76561198007745696,Not Recommended,275850,25246739,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Balrogz,"The still shots are accurate. The game video is not for most PC users. The game has a bad frame rate at full resolution. I attempted to return the game at the 3 hour mark after spending a long time trying to get the game to run. Per the policy, this was refused. So, my solution to this problem, other than the tweaks players have found of the forums, was to play the game at a lower resolution in a windowed box. This works pretty well, but you still have to reboot the game every hour or so because it becomes sluggish. Beyond that, the game is like Minecraft in space as far as exploration goes. An interaction with MInecraft-like villagers on a regular basis for trading. But all of your crafting goes into 3 things. Your ship, your mining tool, and your suit/backpack. You cant create buildings or anything else. After your ship and suit are fully upgraded, and most of the blueprints are found/learned, the game becomes a bit boring. The only appeal for me- 100 hours into the game now- is finding new planetary eye-candy environments. If I could not return the game, I was certainly gonna squeeze my money out of the experience... and the impressive part of the game truly is the exceptionally generated and endless planetary environments. So if you like endless exploration with a short term ceiling on skill development, this game is for you."
76561197987220470,Not Recommended,275850,25720790,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,[WWKD]Lime,"There's a disclaimer on this page about Steam's refund policy.  That should tell you a lot.Also about half the screenshots you see up there contain assets removed from the game.Combined with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t hype campaign, I strongly recommend you DO NOT purchase No Man's Sky.  This is a hollow experience and certainly NOT worthy of a $60 pricetag."
76561197961031638,Not Recommended,275850,25183011,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,=AzAv= MooKids,"The game is missing a significant amount of it's promised features, such as large space battles and factional warfare.  All the ships are the same, just different inventory sizes.  All the planets are pretty similar with a few minor changes.  You can't even control your ship properly while on a planet."
76561197970673457,Not Recommended,275850,25087200,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,apocxcrumb,"Tried to give it a chance, but this game is just god awful. Sean Murray has lied to the press / public about all sorts of features NMS was supposed to have. Instead we're stuck with trash for the price of a AAA game.Horrible UI/UX. Repetitive underwhelming graphics. Buggy. Loads of missing features. No real ""game"" to this whatsoever.Go download Space Engine, or Universe Simulator if you want to explore the universe. Anything is better than this train wreck. Compared to NMS, Spore looks like game of the year material."
,Not Recommended,275850,25085320,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Tristan Médrant,This is not the game that was advertized. Not worth more than thirty dollars. Here is a list of all of the missing features:https://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/4y1h9i/wheres_the_no_mans_sky_we_were_sold_on_a_big_list/
76561198054387690,Not Recommended,275850,25182946,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Butane Murphy,"This game has made a mockery of the way modern games are handled. THere is practically no content, the economy is broken, the AGL (artifical game lengtheners) are rampant, and the exploration is useless. You can play the entire game after getting the warp module on the relays just buying low and selling high. The economy allows you to buy the same amount of items from the same people at every relay. You fill your ship and inventory with harmonic dampners, which you bought from the same person who keeps showing up possibly two at a time, and you sell them to the same person. Then, once you have enough money you either fill your inventory with warp cells or buy a bigger ship and do it again. Every action you take has a 3-4 second wind up that delays the immersive properties that should exist in a game about exploration.The game runs like a parapalegic man who is also extremely fat. It hitches during basic movement and space flight. It stutters when mining and warping. No matter what settings you have this game on it runs like crap. I have and intel i7-4790k and a 970gtx and i've changed the options up and down to no avail. I adjusted the ini files and the defaults in graphics properties. My other system running an i5-4670k and a r9 fury has the same problems. Even afte rso much time has passed with new drivers and patches the game is still a slog.I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone. If you want an exploration game buy a bethesda game or GTAV. If you want a crafting game buy Minecraft or Terraria. If you want a space game buy Star Citizen. If you want all three you can try Starbound. I wouldn't call this a space exploration game i'd call it a Economy simulator and if I wanted that I'd buy a tycoon game or offworld trading simulator. THis game isn't worth the time or money. It is unfinished and I frankly don't care if it ever is."
,Not Recommended,275850,25228855,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Green Bastard (parts unknown),"I had been looking forward to playing this game for a long time and where intrigued by the concept.In the beginning, I found the game to be a nice and relaxing experience, but this would change drastically.The game is so monotonous and tedious, lacking in promised features and is badly optimized and full of bugs.I've put in some hours, hoping to get to more exciting parts, discovering other features and the likes, because I really wanted this game to be good. But after 35 hours, there has been minimal variety to planets, extremely few lifeforms to encounter, faction standings that barely matters, and overall bad gameplay with clunky steering, among other things.In short: Don't buy this game untill the developer delivers the game we were promised. And that's assuming they will. Who knows?Best regards from your favourite trailer park supervisor,Jim Lahey aka ""The Liquor Snurf""Ps. A message to ""Hello Games"": La la la ♥♥♥♥ yourself!"
76561198254479467,Not Recommended,275850,25113841,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Plebbii,lack of multiplayer...♥♥♥♥♥♥!!
76561197997135560,Not Recommended,275850,25103109,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,DarkMatter,"Honestly, everything is the same in this game. I think this is a good game for crazy people because all you do is mine, sell, move, mine, sell, move. Wow boring."
76561197964230777,Not Recommended,275850,25066182,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Courtenay,"This was not the game that is shown in trailers, even the trailers shown right here on steam.  This is not a AAA title and should not be priced as such.  I played for a couple of hours, then requested a refund."
76561198119757510,Not Recommended,275850,25234064,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,JaredGP,Very bad game compared to what it was supposed to be make sure you only play for 2 hours or you can't refund it and you'll regret buying it.
76561198261777514,Not Recommended,275850,25038125,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Scramble,"one reviewer desribed this as as being a Mile wide, inch deep.This game is pretty naff. they made it look so good in trailers and it looks so so so exciting but when you actually play, you basically fly from one planet to another planet to another planet looking for big rocks, and when you find them, it takes just as long to kill the rock for its resources as it took to find it in the first place. then what? go find another rock. bored of finding rocks? go to another star system! how do you get there? gonna have to power your spaceship. by combining different types of rocks. and when you get there? hey look! more rocks!also, in the trailers they talk about how you can do whatever you want. what they mean is that you dont have an objective so you have to find other ways to keep yourself entertained.the trailers show a lot of exciting animals which simply do not appear in the game. theyre randomly generated and somehow look exactly alike pretty much every other animal from every other randomly generated star system. i dont know how they managed it, but in a game where everything in the game is completely random and built on chance, the only thing that ever seems to change is the colour scheme of the sky.i was so excited for this game. stayed up till midnight for release after waiting for months and months after every set back and delay the game had and i never felt disheartened because i thought they were just adding more and more content to the game. after years in development its hard to see what they've actually been working on.there is almost no insentive to hang out in space. the planets are where everything is, and by everything i mean the same 8 things you saw in the last planet, just with a different skin. the animals dont interact with you other than to either run away faster than you can be bothered to chase, or try and kill you. but when they do this, dont sweat! they die in a few shots. or they will just leave you alone after you get in your ship for 0.01 seconds. or go near a building.the buildings are identical. no part of them changes apart from (yet again the colour). the alien sat in the chair that doesnt give a fudge about you being there other than to require some of your resources - which might i add you will be dying to give away because of the infinitely annoying inventory system that means you can carry about 8 different types of minerals before youre basically overloaded. and its not even with a full inventory that this will happen. you dont need 500 of each resource. you can carry 8 different types of resource before your backpack is full. the actual amount of stuff you have has nothing to do with it until you find a really great source of gold or something worth selling. in which case you'll find that and decide you need to dump everything you were previously carrying which took you so long to collect to pick up as much gold as you can to try and make some money in the game since theres no missions. and to make this money, fly to an outpost or space station, (space stations by the way are absolutely huge but somehow have 1 room, with 1 alien, in 1 chair.) and then bam. you just lost the resources you just discovered. forever. theres no way to mark locations on a map or anything.the first planet you spawn on in this game literally has the entire expirince you need, because every planet you visit after this is basically the same.one final note: its the most pointless game ever. go google the ending.like seriously. google it."
76561197973877258,Not Recommended,275850,25038150,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Riku   twitch.tv/AJ_589,"I never bought into the hype, it sounded too good to be true from the start. Hype train aside, going into the game with zero expectations, its crap.This is not a $60 game. Its a $30 at launch $15 2 months later indie game.If you want grinding with little reward in a $60 package this is the game for you.I really tried to get into this game...the ""small team"" argument is not valid for what this game brings to the table.3/10 do not recommend."
76561198033728628,Not Recommended,275850,25618172,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,fuzzbuzzputty,"Don't give money to these scam artists. Its an awful, casual, simplistic console game which is way out of its depth on the PC format. Empyrion Galactic Survival is a much better game and is only in the alpha stage."
,Not Recommended,275850,25528941,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,DoubleLuckstur,"I think the worst part is that the Steam videos at the top of the store page show off many features that aren't actually present in the game. It's very misleading; the game is fun if you like exploring, but large space battles, finding massive creatures on planets, jumping portals is all missing from the game, and it's for this reason I can't recommend."
76561198056147577,Not Recommended,275850,25757903,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,No rights for nathan,"Horrible scam, dont buy it."
,Not Recommended,275850,25722150,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Jonus Tyre,"In short, this game is not worth $60.This game has about 2 hours of content that repeats. Due to this 2 hours to realise it is the same content repeated at infinitum it puts it out of the steam standard return policy. I had pre-ordered this with high hopes and was profoundly let down. Game does not feel finished in the slightest."
,Not Recommended,275850,26440655,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Nipeno,"...................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\WORST GAME 2k16"
,Not Recommended,275850,24846643,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,AVaultGuy,"Frame dropping below 30 on a high end computer,Lagging,Freezing,Massive FPS drops when looking at a rock, jetpacking, entering ship, mining, sentinal scanning me.This needs to be fixed."
,Not Recommended,275850,25154213,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Slyder,NOT WORTH THE $60 !  Game is not what was promoted !
,Not Recommended,275850,24905246,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Juice Box Hero,"This is a tedious resource-gathering and inventory management grind with no payoff. Any differences between systems or planets are almost entirely superficial. Seen one stripey coral-looking plant, seen them all.Also, each planet is homogenous. There are no biomes, there is no flow to fluids, there are no snow-capped mountains or magma pits. Resources are scattered randomly, so don't plan on using clues to find what you're looking for - just bumble around until you see the same zinc plant or iron rock that you recognize from every other planet.This is barely a game, and definitely not a good game. Knowing what it is, I would hesitate to pay fifteen bucks for this. Skip it!!! Don't be a sucker like me."
,Not Recommended,275850,25220396,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Diaian,"Worst piece of crap ever soldthe game does not match the trailer that's in Steam Storehow would i know the game isn't what Steam is selling?Don't get this game unless you watched REAL gameplays of it...i pre ordered, didn't play at first...started playing five days after and it's not the same game there's on the trailers on STEAM WEBSITE...i feel cheated.Não comprem o jogo! Os trailers que mostram na página do jogo não correspondem ao verdadeiro gameplay! Propagande enganosa na cara larga! Comprem o jogo só se vocês tiverem visto gameplkays de verdade!O jogo deveria estar em Alpha!"
76561198032320546,Not Recommended,275850,25138426,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,stinger,dissapointed... all u do is the same time and time again...wish i could get a refond and buy antoher game.
,Not Recommended,275850,25128967,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,kencoe88,"can i get a refund? or something, a better game? or the game i was promised?"
76561198129119714,Not Recommended,275850,24913990,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Strong Kong,"The game works fine for me, as it seems others are having problems even running the game. But, I think the the problem I'm having with No Man's Sky, is that it's just repetetive, tedious, and kinda boring. Don't get me wrong, the concept is amazing and everything, and the planets are beautiful. It's just, you do the same thing on every planet, with no real differences, and you repeat this, for like, forever. The creatures are cool. Except how that they're all basically the same, with just different looks, none of them do anything special or extravagant. The scale of everything is just amazing, but it's yet another downfall. It takes like six minutes to walk from one place to another, only to find that nothing about the base you found is different from one on another planet. The game was also probably a little over-hyped, so it's a little bit of our own fault for expecting too much. It seems that the developers plan to update it and add new things, so maybe, hopefully, at some point this game will become the game that we all thought it to be."
,Not Recommended,275850,25133016,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,GuyLeDouche,"I have put 20 hours into this game.  I was enjoying myself until recently when my computer restarted.  I loaded up NMS and all of my saved game data was corrupted.  The game started from the start with no traces of my old game.  I am done with this broken game forever.  Save your time and money and wait for a finished game to spend hard earned money on.  This game feels like a pre alpha worth about $20, not a completed game worth $60."
76561198066933045,Not Recommended,275850,25218088,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Thirsty,"Disappointed with this game. Game doesn't look close to what was shown on E3 demos and presentations. No interactive world exploration game I was expecting. The game constantly crashes, and the randomly generated worlds had creatures and planets looking very similar with very slight differences. Not satisfied at all with this game. Ship types only differ cosmetically and overall upgrading seems more about getting more slots than actually using the upgrades. Overall NOT worth the price. I boarded the Hype-train expecting Disneyland and ended up at a cheap half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥carnival.DO NOT BUY. Atleast not until they have more updates and lower the price.One good thing about No Man's Sky was the music. Really liked it."
,Not Recommended,275850,25416705,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,AluminumJacket,"No Mans Sky: Refund Simulator 2016Oh wait,""The standard Steam refund policy applies to No Man's Sky. There are no special exemptions available. Click here for more detail on the Steam refund policy.""So I guess they just don't care anymore.  Glad some people got refunds and others got left with this garbage.Steam refuses to even reply to my support tickets anymore.  Guess I shouldn't have asked them to clarify on all that pre-launch advertising material they removed from the Store page after people started calling them out as lies.  Maybe they don't want people calling them out as liable in this travesty.Next time I'll just buy games from GOG because at least they give refunds."
76561197972981173,Not Recommended,275850,25407945,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,killerway,"Lost track of time couldn't refund. My fault, couldn't resist another supposed AAA space game. Walking around the star citizen hanger is better then this game..."
76561198054427661,Not Recommended,275850,25670349,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,MyNameIsProjekt,"Pro tip: Don't buy and play for more than two hours...or you won't be eligible for a Steam refund.Learn from my mistakes, my friends.  Don't be like me.  :("
76561197968166462,Not Recommended,275850,25015471,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,mattyboy1[UK],"Literally 5 things to do on the same planet after planet. The videos leading upto the release are very misleading, its also badly ported from playstation version. Needed 12 months of additional work before it can come even slightly close to enjoyable. Save your money and buy something better."
,Not Recommended,275850,25471392,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,xenombie,"I will NOT be buying anymore games on steam, as i have applied for a refund twice and been rejected. if a game is promising updates to fix issues but they never get fixed my 14 hour playtime should not be a factor in my refund. or should it? because i got the game in august and have only played 14 hours...half of which was not playable on my computer even though i met the required specs...i am very disappointed with steam on this matter...that is all"
,Not Recommended,275850,25805032,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Ghostly,I can describe this game in 4 words.More lies than planets.
76561198139085502,Not Recommended,275850,25850028,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,DATSK,it is the most boring game i have ever played
,Not Recommended,275850,25467043,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Sloppy Lou,Worst 60$ ever spent wish i could get my money back but left game on idle for too long on accident.
76561198065888609,Not Recommended,275850,25862722,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,ThunderCock,"This game is terrible, the developers deserve to be sued for everything they got from this game for lying to the public through false advertising. I hope they never make another game again, a class of primary school programmers could make a better game then this. Take my advice, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! This game is a disgrace to the PC Master Race."
,Recommended,275850,34206578,Posted: 12 August,all,Envenger,Looks like Hello Game's redemption story arc is going well.
76561197971324709,Not Recommended,275850,25162571,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Fawkes,I tried.
,Not Recommended,275850,25510039,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,kraimann,Meh.
76561198008903954,Not Recommended,275850,25161728,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,grraay,Took out 80% of the game that is advertised. Dont waste your time or money
76561198305262435,Not Recommended,275850,29615011,Posted: 31 January,all,JONE5Y,What a♥♥♥♥♥♥game and a waste of 10 hours ov my life
76561197995311229,Not Recommended,275850,25048357,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,[NR]Volknir,"its a fun game, for 3 hours. when it comes to the price, its to expensive.wait for a 50% sale at least.look at planet... repeat."
76561197961087911,Not Recommended,275850,24914041,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Kurteous,"I didn't have any gameplay or computer issues, the game is just boring after you get off the first planet. All of the pictures and 'gameplay' videos give a false picture of what the game is about.This is one of the first negative reviews I've ever given on steam. Extremely frustrated with this purchase."
76561198093534082,Recommended,275850,30486589,Posted: 13 March,all,RamboMcCoolio strikedrop.com,"For me the game is great, It provides a fun experience for myself and my 3 year old daughter who loves all the pretty colours and weird planets. The Load screens (sorry the teleporter) between spacestation and planet base become a bit annoying, But then again in the modern world you either have loading screen or frame rate drop as the scene is built around you. The game was mis sold, there is no denying it. The concept is still great, The latest update is another step in the right direction and Im faithful in time that it will become something that appeals to many more people. The new exocraft seem fun, definately make travelling easier. As others have said, the game is fun but you need to know what you want from it. For me its a chilled out experience introducing my daughter to PC gaming and this game is great for that. (at full retail price there are other options that work better for this Ark for instance my daughter loves watching me run away from dinos.) But if you can snag no man sky at a bargin price (i managed it at 50-70% off a while agom, so was quite content at the price)My recommendation for the game is based on a reducded price and acceptance that the game will get even better in time."
,Recommended,275850,34179632,Posted: 11 August,all,TripBruh,"Now for all of the people coming and looking at game page because it's on sale, this is what i'm going to say. YES the game has Mostly Negative reviews which is justified, BUT the developers have been releasing large size updates to make this game better (With the largest 1.3 update today). This game is not for everyone.What I do recommend is to give this game either a 2nd or 1st chance. Read through the reviews, negative and positive. A lot of people have opinions about it, read about the gameplay POST UPDATES it makes a huge difference.When it was released a 2/10 <-- For the price. As of today probably a 8/10 for it's current state and more updates are still going to be issued. I'm so happy the developers didn't drop this game dead, it's finally showing the potential it had at launch.TLDR: At 30$ it's a good game with all of the updates."
,Recommended,275850,34193088,Posted: 12 August,all,Solarie,"I believe it will become a great game in the future, thanks to developers' attitude."
,Not Recommended,275850,25721765,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,bommijn,Worst lie ever DO NOT BUY
,Not Recommended,275850,25510074,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Cosmo The God,We have reviewed your refund request.We will not be granting a refund at this time. Either the date of the purchase exceeds 2 weeks or playtime exceeds 2 hours (the refund policy maximums). - SUCK A DUCK!
76561198051075163,Not Recommended,275850,25239122,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Definitely Not Satan,dont buy
76561198047502949,Not Recommended,275850,25698636,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Inventivealan,Do Not BuyDo Not BuyDo Not BuyDo Not BuyDo Not BuyDo Not BuyDo Not BuyDo Not BuyEnouth Said.
,Not Recommended,275850,26709567,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,CadGamings,Setting $60 on fire would be more fun.....
76561198007289538,Not Recommended,275850,25086262,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,HelixWuff,it's....meh.
,Not Recommended,275850,25615505,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,SniperJB☠本,its not good after the first 2 hours just all becomes a grind and does not look like they are ever going to add the things they talked about just dont buy it
76561198062043806,Not Recommended,275850,25229835,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,彼岸花,It's totally different from what was shown on e3 and said afterwards.It gets boring pretty soon since there's pretty much nothing than randomly not random generated stuff with minimal interaction.
,Not Recommended,275850,25646294,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Yenoham,"♥♥♥♥♥game, dont buy. We all made a massive mistake buying this game."
,Not Recommended,275850,25121990,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,natswright,"I'd been waiting an age for this game to come out, getting more excited the closer release got. If I'm honest, it's not quite what I expected. This is a survival game, collect resources, upgrade things, like your ship or multi tool and move on.Discovering new species is fun to start with, but after only 20 hours game play, i'm bored with the game and feel as though i've paid too much for it.Yes, its fun for a while, but it gets repetitive very quickly.There were bugs on launch, with performance and with the pre-order starter ship, however these were fixed for the most part. Quite how a graphically simple game like this is so taxing on my computer is a surprise, but it is.At is current price, I can't really recommend you buy it, at £40 it's not worth it, there is little to do and the different planets are much the same. Grinding resources out to make hyperspace jumps and so on is a pain too. The stations are basic, there is hardly anything to do.The flight model pretty much controls your ship in the atmosphere, and low level flying is very tricky, especially when landing.I like the game, but am simply bored with it.... why, well, its the missing content we were promised.planetary physicsship classes with meaningful differentiationfaction reputation with meaningful gameplay impacthomogenous resource availabilityasteroid landingsspace station and fleet destructionlarge fleetstraveling freighterslarge scale battles the player can joinin-atmosphere battlesNPCs outside trading posts and other docksringed planetssand planetsflying between stars (as opposed to warping via the Galactic interface)complex creature behaviour including environmental interactionriverspoints of interest such as large structures and crashed freightershacking locked doorsradio chatterinteraction with other playersAll the above were missing, and check out the review here tohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTTPlqK8AnYContrast that to Elite Dangerous, I've spent 600 hours plus in the game, and have played it al least once a week since it was released on Beta almost 2 years ago.My thumbs down review will change to thumbs up when the price drops to £15 for the game."
,Not Recommended,275850,25210247,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,SeanMacNCheese,"The media frenzy backlash plaguing the game is well justified. For three years I've been anticipating a rich and engaging space-sim/exploration game with hours of meaningful content. Instead, I got yet another painfully dull survival game albeit with an impressively massive scope. Well over half the game is spent tediously mining and micromanaging your inventory; pretty much Rust or DayZ but in space, and I despise both of those games.Performance wise, at least 5 hours of my playtime (roughly a third) was fighting ongoing crashes or performance issues. I have an i5-4690k and a GTX 970, this should not be happening at 1080p.I do not plan on purchasing any DLC, and have requested a refund through a Steam Support Ticket (as the automated will kick back anything with more than 2 'gameplay hours'."
,Not Recommended,275850,25350708,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Marlowe Wind,Game is not as advertised.Advertised deceptively.Game unstable after launch despite multiple patches.Frequent crashing and bugs.
,Not Recommended,275850,25721758,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,сырмужчина,"Glad I got a refund while I still could. When I first started, the planet I was on had a familiarity to it. After watching other game play and seeing the overwhelming similarities from other players I knew the game was not what it purported to be.I chose the refund ending. 10/10, would refund again."
,Not Recommended,275850,25616211,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Zanobard,"Misleading advertisements led to a disappointing, dull game. Avoid.EDIT: The Foundation Update is out! It's taken a while, but the devs are now communicating. It was a big update and a step in the right direction, but I still think the game has a long way to go before it's even close to being what we were promised. Until then, my review stays negative."
,Not Recommended,275850,25689657,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Hurchan,False advertising...
76561198066354637,Not Recommended,275850,25411117,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Horndrill,Plays like♥♥♥♥♥
76561198057887604,Not Recommended,275850,24976654,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Jackal,"The generation is all the same, you get a three legged deer or a flying snake and nothing is impressive as what you see in the trailer it just looks like you gave normal animals polio. The resource collecting is overly time consuming as some resources are stupidly rare and needed in nearly f**king everything, I’m looking at you aluminium. There are mechanics in place purposely to elongate the game time of what would be a 9-10 hour Game at max, like how all you♥♥♥♥♥♥breaks when you go through a black hole, wtf... why it is always my warp reactor. The advertisement on the steam store page looks nothing like the actual gameplay. The most Revolutionary thing hello game did is made a 2GB game, yes its only 2GB, run like your PC is trying to calculation the meaning of life. To conclude I highly suggest you don’t get this game, I’ve tried to get it refunded but my request got refused so the best I can do is warn other users. Please research before you buy it.  It’s basically a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ version of spore if you created your characters by putting you DS in a box with an epileptic kid and bunch of strobe lights and shook it vigorously.  Then you took what was created and put it on a planet with slightly different coloured grass and a tree with a few extra chromosomes that looks like it’s gone through years of intense chemotherapy."
,Not Recommended,275850,26331955,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,EG Cake,False Advertising
,Not Recommended,275850,25174847,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Purpsy,What a waste of money.
76561197960457286,Not Recommended,275850,25117941,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Ol' Deef Bastard,"Refunded the game before release after seeing a few red flags (pc release delay and etc) Then re-caught the hype and re-bought it. I wish I hadn't. The game is really shallow and compared to the videos from E3 and other demo shows, this released game is NOTHING like what you see in the promo videos. It's such a bait and switch game. So even if this game never had a hype train, it's a bad game simply because the developers bait and switched their fans. Avoid this game at all costs."
76561198045328543,Not Recommended,275850,25258455,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Heisenburger,Simply put. Indie game sold as a AAA title. dont waste your money
76561198104065971,Not Recommended,275850,25125855,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Protodave,"This game would have been good had the developer not lied about the multiplayer aspect of the game. Were you expecting singleplayer, it would be fine, but the fact that they lied about it until past the prerelease date is ridiculous and dishonest."
,Not Recommended,275850,25258475,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,HUD,"Time and wasted money. I make all the negatives comments here as mine.I'm so regretful that I have no energy to say how I'm sad.Just please, don't buy this game."
76561198005817717,Not Recommended,275850,25152946,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,apinkbunny,This is a grab and run game.... 'steam' grab your money and run like f%$kthis is not an $90 (NZD) gameThere is a reason why there is no demodo a google search on this game if you are thinking about wasting your money...
,Not Recommended,275850,25253577,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Castellorizonಌ,"No, don't buy it.Don't, just don't.If you have less than 2 hours of game time, refund it."
,Not Recommended,275850,25218135,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Atka The White,Best refund ever
76561198095125554,Not Recommended,275850,26434284,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,depressed boi :c,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░No Mans Sky▐▄▄▄▀░░░this game is cancer
76561198057512723,Not Recommended,275850,25401463,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,PBdestroyer,False Advertising
76561198318379338,Not Recommended,275850,25049581,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Gibbles The Grizzly,"meh. its kinda boring. I had an alright time playing 30hours+ buttttt you know its repetitive beyond imagination. I mean i got a solid 30 hours from it, deff not worth 60 dollars more like 30. :/ sorry just really stale and dull and MEH..."
76561198170774313,Not Recommended,275850,25051483,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,GrowlerTiamat,"First review ever, like I have to.I didn't have high hopes, I just was hoping to get what I saw in the trailers, and heard from Sean mouth.Traler & Sean /VS/ Actual game1)Many species interacting with each other, awesome flora and fauna//My first 3 planets had, literally, only 2 species: a Jumping pineapple and ""the funny little alien that looks exactly like 1000 others"" apart from, uhm, the ears.2) Yes you'll see other players//what? no ""it is single player"".3)Spent 1 solid hour to collect a plant, like every mile there was one, I needed 20, so 1 hour chasing Pineapples and collecting a single plant.BOoooooooooOOOOoooORED."
,Recommended,275850,34186257,Posted: 12 August,all,brew,New update is really good. If you played it when it was released I highly suggest trying it again
76561198046958800,Not Recommended,275850,25163687,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Captain Wigglesworth,Buyers remorse. Hello Games need to get their s**t together and start employing more people to add the features they promised. Why are the keeping the team so small? The only reason can be greed.Biggest waste of €60 for a long time.
,Not Recommended,275850,27634477,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,😈 𝐇𝐨𝐯𝐚𝐜 😇,"Hi everyone I have decided to Nominate (NO Man’s Sky) for a new steam award category that I have crerated for them.The ""Pinocchio - I've got no strings "" AwardI think they deserve this award they are the best Pinocchio ever on this entire planet of ours.If you agree please nominate them for this steam award they deserve it.See This link for the Pinocchio - I've got no strings songhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iAykOz1gWi4and please check out myYoutube channelfor the no mans sky playlist gameplayhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R9mNFhneetI&index=6&list=PL6SSkFqkg_mXDoo8cgKqSQ5KDD1JMuODYLove You AllHovac"
76561197996902507,Not Recommended,275850,25157053,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,ecjones1975,"Unfinished and completely broken.  When I try to enter my ship the frame rate drops so low I cannot do anything, not even move.  This happens every time I enter my latest shoip.  I cannot find a new ship because the game will not rcognize I have two bypass chips in my inventory.  Boring, broken, bovine scatilia.  Do NOT waste money on this Cleveland steamer."
76561198253409714,Recommended,275850,34104939,Posted: 8 August,all,Losthaze,"So here's the thing...-This game isn't for everyone. It's absolutely a ""Chill"" experience, so if you're expecting a fast action game like COD or an easy builder like Minecraft, look elsewhere. It took a certain mind set to keep me playing beyond the 10+ hour mark (namely drunk and/or high).-This game pretty much requires mods for the best experience (low flight, fast actions, SHUT UP!, as well as several graphics mods).-This game is MUCH better now then it was at release. Yeah there are still bug aplenty (like the stupid way-point markers getting stuck on my screen or the annoying inability to view blueprints without a free slot) but for the most part you'll just be battling the sporadic FPS which for me is either a solid 30fps, 60fps or 14fps and random graphical glitches (who doesn't love invisible mountains?)-THE GRIND... yeah you're gonna be grinding for everything, often, so if that's not your thing look elsewhere.-The combat is meh at best. You've got special classes for both your starships as well as your multitool which confer special bonuses based on the class. A fighter class for your multitool will give higher damage bonuses then a mining class much like a fighter class starship will do higher damage than an explorer class. There are also different tiers (ranked C to S) which further increases the bonuses. All of this is great except while you can keep multiple ships, you can (as of yet) only keep one multitool. Which is very unfortunate as there are multiple weapon types each of which is unique (oddly there are weapon racks that you can place as a decoration but can't hold a multitool).-THE GRIND... seriously, there's a lot of it and trying to find the exact planet, in the exact system, with the correct resource you need is sheer luck.It might sound like I'm being very critical of this game (and I am) but that's only because I've come to like it so much. I've recently started replaying the game and the new updates since release have significantly improved the game. If it had released as it is now it would have been significantly more well received and if the next update is anywhere near as good as they say then I'm even more hyped.So, in conclusion:If you want a game to simply chill, relax and explore then this is your game, but if you want a fast paced action game or in depth story driven RPG look elsewhere.Also photo mode is pretty amazing, and for the love of god let me rearrange my suit / ship / multitool upgrades without destroying them!!!"
,Not Recommended,275850,24902517,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Daddy,"So:1 hour: Looks fun, new, experimenting. Loving it. Game is very unoptimized and fps of 44 - 55. Graphics Medium.5: Great. Lost track of time. Still fun10: Alright, haven't I been here before? Where is everyone? Annoying slow gameplay (slow UI when trading).15: BORED BORED BORED19: Kill me. I wish I got a refund. I wasted so much...."
,Not Recommended,275850,25259970,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,A_Souless_Ginger,"There's just so much missing from this game and the integrity of the developers to hold up their end makes this game nowhere near $60. Blatantly lying about certain aspects, cherrypicking the most aesthetically pleasing planets and animals to showcase, Steam refusing refunds for those who played over the two hours... Major letdown.If the game's price drops to like $5, may be worth it to you to pick up. Anything above $10? ... I don't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,275850,25109409,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,echojuliet91,"- About 5 different building design across entire game- Graphics are awful, don't let the screenshots fool you- Nothing to do once you've got a large inventory and ship... nothing else to spend units on...- No multiplayer (despite Sean Murray suggesting otherwise before)- Discoveries are pointless, what's the point submitting new discoveries after 100 new finds? You're never going back...- Combat is rubbish- Boring- I enjoyed the first 10 hours, after that it going boring. Gave up after 25 hours.Features needed before I would play again:- Way more diversity in buildings... and instead of the same old outposts maybe villages/towns ... even if it's 1 in 1000...- Focus on Quality... no point having 18quintillion rubbish planets (and they were all awful)... I'd much prefer 1000 awesome planets (especially since it's single player anyway...)- Discovery system is pointless - make it not pointless- Multiplayer would be a MUST- an actual story! Not just""Warp 5 times to here, then when you get there being asked to Warp 5 times to next location, then 5 times to the one after that"" <--- that is not a story...- More diverse ships? You basically see all 20 types from just 5 minutes in a Space Station"
,Not Recommended,275850,25271587,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Walter McAllister,Be wary of false advertising...
76561198014829476,Not Recommended,275850,25065576,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Double-H,"There's not much my review says that isn't said in Angry Joe's review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTTPlqK8AnYNot bad for a $15-20 early access indie title. But this game is a $60 'house of cards'.Of course it wasn't going to live up to the hype. Instead here are some statements below. They are based on things that Sean Murray has specifically confirmed in interviews, which are now known to be complete fabrications:There is no faction to 'join', or fight forThere is no fleet battle to see or fight inThere is no living economy, or even a trade convoy in all of spaceThere is no sand planet, and there are no sand wormsThere is no pure water planetThere is no gas planet in the universeThere is no NPC that does anything but wait in a station for you - by himselfThere is no mission board, or ANY MISSIONS besides ""Go to the Center/Atlass area""There is no ship customization besides invisible loadoutsThere is no difference between ships besides their number of loadout slotsThere is no landing on asteriodsIt quickly becomes clear how few unique-looking PLANETS there areIt quickly becomes clear how few unique-looking ANIMALS there areIt quickly becomes clear how few unique-looking SHIPS there areIt quickly becomes clear how few unique-looking PLANTS/RESOURCES there areShip docking and landing is done FOR YOU, and you literally cannot crash on planetsSpace combat is unsatisfying and inferior to just about any space gameGround combat is incredibly unsatisfying and vastly inferior to most 1st person gamesA clunky, slow, and inconvenient UI that gets in the way of gameplay instead of enhancing itHere's a 'spoiler' about the center of the galaxy, though it's hard to call it one:---THERE IS NOTHING FOR YOU AT THE CENTER OF THE GALAXY! You literally can't even go there! All that dramatic buildup - that mysterious talk from Sean and the team - WAS 100% TROLLING!---"
,Not Recommended,275850,25196443,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,aa,this game is s h i t
,Not Recommended,275850,25196411,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,GREVANT,"After trying to like this game, I've given up. There's just nowhere near the content promise. It relies on the lies of this large galaxy, which is nothing more than the same textures and templates reoganized time and time again. If you use the definition of insanity as a mantra, this game is for you. Otherwise, avoid."
76561198163461645,Not Recommended,275850,25239940,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,KrimzonBlaze,"False advertising, repetetive, and not optomized whatsoever even though my pc specifactions are 4x the amount of the minimal required. Horrible game and not worth the money."
,Not Recommended,275850,25338453,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,C-Sil` [City],"A cool concept, but poorly executed and deceitfully marketed. Garbage."
,Not Recommended,275850,25274249,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Sythic,"Incredibly dissapointed the game was promoted as an MMO but is actually single player. Who plays single player games in 2016? Cool save file bro. An infinite universe with no one else in it? What for? The devs enjoyed stroking their ego so much over the procedural generation tech they created they forgot to make a compelling game. An Eve-like economy, purpose behind doing anything, and an actual story line would have been amazing."
,Not Recommended,275850,25435722,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Squrtal CSGOBIG.COM,"My computer broke playing the game, my dad beat me for a long time."
76561198058926932,Not Recommended,275850,25435808,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,sidener04,Why
76561198124918304,Not Recommended,275850,25127369,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Pooch,So much potential
,Not Recommended,275850,25082990,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Thunder Child,It's pretty disappointing.
76561198118028228,Not Recommended,275850,25249434,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,✪ Pepe the Frog,"Basically the embodiment of failure. still good for those people who like to grind and see the same♥♥♥♥♥♥all over again -_-. The ending was anticlimatic, everything is a lie, dont trust the trailers. The features they said was never in the actual game."
76561198080546169,Not Recommended,275850,25042874,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Dust,"I got it, I played it, I refunded it. Its a ok game, but its not worth the pricetag.  Its worth £15-£20 at most."
76561198120687849,Not Recommended,275850,25052086,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,SmO,Boring and tedious after the first day.
76561198069739485,Not Recommended,275850,25800810,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Rkames517,The game is a huge let down
,Recommended,275850,34200427,Posted: 12 August,all,meerkat,"A nice exploration game! Like it. It and the devs certainly don't deserve all the rude comments here. It's not buggy anymore and overall kinda good. Can be a bit repetitive but finding new planets, getting achievements keeps the interest up."
76561198080387388,Not Recommended,275850,25163803,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,danlake,♥♥♥♥♥poor game. Was fed up after 2 hours
76561198083467393,Not Recommended,275850,25132418,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Indiangypsy,"preordered it.........played it for 1 hr.....refunded immediately.......boeing as hell, poorly optimised, not worth the money........not recommended."
76561198325427644,Not Recommended,275850,33707123,Posted: 21 July,all,aario.iran,"Several cool things were on first videos which I never found in game!Excessive use of animals on other planets. In reality, life on other planets is very rare (We've never found so far!).Excessive use of funky colors for space. Yes gas exists in interstellar space but not that much! Instead of black space you see pink! Yellow, Blue or Green! It makes the game like a cartoon for infant kids.Gravity is always the same. From small planets to huge ones.There is no gas giants. Simulating them would be super easy. Like a huge planet where space ship computer says landing not possible. That's it. But makes game more realistic.Lakes always very calm and you never see waves.Lakes always transparent. No black methane lakes like what we heard about on Titan!Absolutely no story. I will be glad to propose a story for it if the company wants.No landing on comets.No planet rings.No runaway planets.Completely wrong use of matter (Like using iron for producing energy. They look like knew nothing about chemistry. Like there is no presence of uranium anywhere!!!)Excessive presence of aliens. Every where you go they are there. Like the whole galaxy is suddenly full of intelligent life.You never really discover a planet. Every single planet you go there were some aliens there before you and they even made some bases. It never lets you feel the joy of being the first one going somewhere.The loneliness and lack of any goal in game caused severe feeling of depression and meaninglessness on me so I stopped using it, started calling family and friends and visited some families, kids, elderly people to feel better :-DYou're reaction might be different.PS: I wish there were some options to change these game presets described above. Then anybody could customize the game to his own way and I could recommend it."
,Not Recommended,275850,24964518,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,✪ Froosh,"Game idea is abosutely amazing, love resource collecting, love space exploration and combat and I love the planet Idea, I think this game is amazing.But the reasons behind the dislike is how repetitive this game is and how It just became boring within 2hrs, And the fact it costs 40 GBR Pounds"
,Not Recommended,275850,25246792,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Sweeegen,This Game was a huge disepointmentRefund plz
,Not Recommended,275850,25277279,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Otorhinolaryngology,Let's call it what it is: fraud.
76561198208369871,Not Recommended,275850,24987988,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Slic,This game is a ginormous lie DO NOT BUY THIS GAME it made people kill them selves it was so dissapointing you cant do anything absalute bull♥♥♥♥♥♥the screenshots are a lie it will crash on you every mili second
76561198097829412,Recommended,275850,34182007,Posted: 11 August,all,bloodrose696,"Good game if you enjoy chill space exploration, base building and trading. Has slight combat but that is not a mainline part pf the experience."
,Not Recommended,275850,24967187,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Morris Carpal-Tunnel,At first it's a mind blowing experience that slowly retardundos itself until presenting its true character as a resource gathering loop that becomes repetitive very quickly. Which I wouldn't mind if the overall action didn't feel like I'm playing a dimensial awareness test they give you at the eye doctor...so bland I have a better time trying to take a dump after not eating for a couple days.
76561198131238686,Not Recommended,275850,25196503,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Whohaugh,"I SPENT $60 ON THIS AND IT DIDN""T START.  I waited hoping that they will patch it but NOPE!  Now i cant even get a refund"
76561197961368080,Not Recommended,275850,25120028,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,SuperLeroy,"Are you autistic or on the spectrum? Are you obsessive about doing the same thing over and over again?Do you like different every time in subtle ways, but essentially it's the same thing over and over?No Man's Sky is for you!I played it all the way to the 2nd Galaxy. Spoiler alert - there is no ending. Not even a little blurb of text congratulating you for making it to the center of the galaxy. What is at the center of the galaxy? I don't know- the game didn't show it. Instead you crash land in another galaxy.I can't really bear to push thru to the 3rd, 4th, 5th, or weird♥♥♥♥♥named galaxies. I can't see a reason to. Aliens are the same, fauna varies quite a bit, but you can't do much more than admire them for a few seconds, feed them, and then move on. What are you supposed to do in No Man's Sky? WHO KNOWS. Maybe turn on the planetary portals they features in the pre-release videos? I found two - both deactivated, and no ability to interact with them to turn them on.I'm pretty sure I've seen every ""building type"" - trade posts (all the same) ops centers, manufacturing facilties, random outpost landing pad places, starbases, etc. They vary in subtle ways, but essentially you can do only one thing. Once you've done that, there really isn't much to do. I've seen the same abandoned building text over and over again. Not sure if I got the whole story or not, got tired of seeing the same message repeated over and over.Every time I open machinery or review multitech tool - guess what- Already known.I slogged thru this to see the center- wasn't worth it.Perhaps if Hello Games continues to develop for this it could become something great. As it is, I don't see playing it a whole lot more."
,Not Recommended,275850,25152918,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,AquaBlazt,!!Just buy Starbound dude!!
76561198044496046,Not Recommended,275850,25039194,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Nord,"Nothing what they promised. NOT worth 60€£$.If you want to buy it, wait until it's on sale at least."
,Not Recommended,275850,25548935,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,-OrLoK-,"Hello thereNMS has the the base to be a good, if not great little game, but some odd  game mechanic design decisions hamper this.There's not a vast amount for folk ""to do"" either.I dont think the game is as terribad as others make out, but It's not great (at this stage) either.As an Indie game at 10 bucks/quid, I'd say ""go for it"" at a full AAA price range I'd advise most folk to wait for either a sale or the proposed upcoming content patches.Mods make the game more bareable, but until they have fully matured and modders have official tools, this one is staying on my ""shelf"" for now.TL;DR? Meh, it's ok. Pricey though.RgdsLoK"
76561198041380588,Not Recommended,275850,29495393,Posted: 25 January,all,sekritbros 2,"Minecraft 2000 hours, Terraria 1000 hours, Starbound 360 hours and counting... No mans sky... 14 hours...For 60 bucks it gave me A tiny fragment of what minecraft did for 26 dollars."
76561197985073438,Not Recommended,275850,25781449,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,7./JG26_Goat,"Repetitive, UI is for consoles, low frame rates on a high end machine, procedurally generated planets are only different because colors and temperatures are different, not the product that was hyped... Huge dud."
76561198021099593,Not Recommended,275850,25781102,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,azgocazo,"Where is the content that was promised on the trailer???Are HelloGames going to release those as DLC???If si, it should be free as they were the contents that were promised to be released on day 1!"
,Not Recommended,275850,25781385,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Sphax,"To be short: Disapointing...Too many promises are just not available and the game is a simulation of mining... again and again... and again...Planets are not that unique. All planets look hostile as there are few animals, no ennemis, few vegetation and always the same ores...Disapointing."
76561197965095019,Not Recommended,275850,25385676,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Facedancer,No Man's Sky = 75 Hours of my life wasted.
76561198121015978,Not Recommended,275850,26188886,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,DragonSire,amazing potential.....should have been delayed another year or more.
76561197998746549,Not Recommended,275850,25476355,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Darkstorm,"I was extremely dissapointed... Played for 6 hours and already noticed how reppetitive this game is... wish I had returned it before 2hour mark because this was an absolute waste of $80 and is clearly an unfinished game. Steam should be ashamed for putting this up as a finished game and not a Beta, because it is clearly still a beta."
,Not Recommended,275850,26082759,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Dₒₙ'ₜ bᵤy ₐ cₕᵢₙₑₛₑ ₖₑybₒₐᵣd,"I was one of the morons that preordered this crap. Needless to say, I regret it. I just hope the people at Hello Games get locked up for all the false-advertising. Maybe then we'll get our refunds."
,Not Recommended,275850,25507932,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,DragonBurns,Pretty cool game. Just gets a little repetitive. Not worth 60 bucks
76561198166487424,Not Recommended,275850,25545563,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,π,This is the worst game that I have ever played/ purchased.
,Not Recommended,275850,25439281,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,ArmyStich,"Personaly I like the game. After buying it I knew nothing about the game (wanted to say this first) but I have to agree with the reviews here based off my experence playing and seeing all the hate the creators got for misleading what the gam could be. Maybe if there are more updates and the game play changes I will change my review but as for now its just repetive grinding, space battles suck and are not intersting... but for me this game is ok because I enjoy flying around looking at stuff but would not recommend it to anyone unless features get updated."
76561198127641804,Not Recommended,275850,25415677,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Shrekelstein,"I don't reccomend this game, there is nothing to do, no compelling story and barely any action. Once you've seen one ice planet, you've seen em all It might as well be 1 of every type of planet. And it's not even like it can be forgiven like an Indie game could because it is Triple A."
76561197971820902,Not Recommended,275850,25396878,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Morter,"Does not live up to its promises and promotions. Still, it has a few hours of good gameplay. And there is a fair amount of interesting mechanics to explore. But after a couple of jumps you realise it has nothing new to offer, and it becomes an endless grind to reach a place you have no worthwhile motivation to go to. You could save the money and time and instead go for a hike in the mountains."
76561198043025518,Not Recommended,275850,25396945,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Whataboutery,"The destruction of the gaming industry starts with products like No Man's Sky. The title sold itself on grand expectations that did appear groundbreaking. The title received lofty claims before it release from multiple media outlets. When the game launched for play, the veneer of a groundbreaking space exploration adventure was quickly shattered . What was advertised as a nearly endless game of planetary exploration and space travel turned out to be a bland lifeless universe with new real rewards for discovery.The Procedural generated worlds are merely the same planet with different skins applied to them. If you name a life-form on one planet, they will have the same name on others, but with different colors. This standard is the same for life forms found on planets; same creatures with different color pallets. This is the moment where this reviewer requested a refund. The generated planets are void of life, personality, and most importantly anything fun too do. Perhaps the best description of No Man's Sky I have come across is, “As vast as an ocean and as deep as a puddle”. This statement wrings the loudest upon completing the only main quest line in the entire game.As stated in the opening of this review video games released like No Man's Sky will be a direct contributor to a game industry collapse. This false advertisement is not a game, but a cash grab by mediocre developers. This is very obvious with the developers dodging very basic questions too service platforms like Steam and Amazon having to alter their refund policies to accommodate the mass exodus of rightfully dissatisfied customers. Over the past 5-6 years I have noticed a trend of game developers releasing incomplete titles, games that were not beta tested for errors and glitches, or a title spun as a groundbreaking gravy train turns out to be another game to add to the junk bin. This rush of selling titles like this at full price does nothing, but alienate and cause distrust between the game consumers and game developers. I am glad Steam and other services like it realized this and accommodated accordingly. A video game like No Man's Sky breaks down the integrity between consumer and maker.I must take some personal responsibility for making this purchase on a whim. I gave it an unbiased chance since I don't consume large quantities of video game related media; I had a relatively little knowledge of this game beforehand. After playing it for myself I found that the negative reviews everywhere are accurate. This whole debacle as been a learning experience for me and I hope it will be for anyone else who made this purchase to be a little more inquisitive and skeptical of lavish praise before something is completed and tried. I have a biting feat that is something similar were to happen to a major game series or title that it could be a major hit to the game industry as a whole and take an E.T. Atari effect bringing about a decline and interest in video games overall."
,Not Recommended,275850,25816710,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,avallex,"Absolutely dissapointing, as I pre-ordered the game and have 12 (mindless) hours on the damn thing I cannot get a refund, If you're planning on buying it watch some videos first. I really am annoyed with the fact of false advertisement - oh there is this and oh there is that. I played the game for most of the day when it came out, I enjoyed it but by the end of the day I felt I had done everything, nothing enticed me to complete the sh**y storyline. Honestly would not recommend the game unless you want to experience boredom and a few procedurally generated plantes which compared to the rest of the game are quite good apart from the ridiculous creatures x'D -- 2/10"
,Not Recommended,275850,25833559,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,aLlStArIcY,Refunded.I would also advise taking down the trailers and all screenshots from the store page to avoid false hope.
76561197991043859,Not Recommended,275850,25966924,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Solfieri,Most likely the biggest regret I've had with gaming in recent years. The one positive thing I'll say about it is that it was the tipping point for me never pre-ordering a game again.
,Not Recommended,275850,27312460,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Toad,Every refund procedural.
,Not Recommended,275850,25814657,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Lynx CSGOBlocks.com,I should've refund this game faster now it's too late
,Not Recommended,275850,25816645,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,catnip is one hell of a drug,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,275850,25965707,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Yuaru,Its not No Man's SkyIts One Man Lie
,Not Recommended,275850,26125219,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Uri,why
,Not Recommended,275850,26125599,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,The Marble Man,"I was so excited to play this game when it first came out, and I played the game for about 20 hours in a few days. After a while, the grind got too repetative, and the initial excitement died out. Mods help to bring me back every once and a while, but in the end, the game was built on promises that were never fulfilled. And it is for that reason that I can't recommend this game. Maybe if Hello Games had released a statement, or at least attempted to maintain PR, it wouldn't have been such a colossal failure."
76561198029814601,Not Recommended,275850,26378983,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,plantmanthing,"Not a horrible game by any means, but very shallow and repeative.  You'll lose interest pretty quickly in this games.  Definitely a lesson in waiting a few months before buying a game.  Way not worth the $60 bucks."
,Not Recommended,275850,25314041,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Punkit,Gets old really quicky
76561198032187923,Not Recommended,275850,25597790,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Briatho,"spent 60 dollars, played almost 9 hours straight.got bored, neverpicked it up again."
76561198012700541,Not Recommended,275850,25825353,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Johhni Vigilante,"Totally false advertising.Missing promised features like example:-Multiplayer-Faction's Waring-Amazing Ship Customization-Amazing Crafting System-Landing on Asteroids-Having Fleets Appear Out of Nowhere-Destroying The Fleets-Destroying Space Stations-Large Scale Space Battles-Joining Those Battles-Sand Planets-Large Creatures Affecting The LandscapeLike a early access game but developers say it is the full version. All planets, organisms, etc are pretty same. Not much varieties like promised.Overpriced: With all the features it had currently (and most likely ever have) 60€ is too much."
76561198088137378,Not Recommended,275850,26395026,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Darqfa11,I have essentially wasted almost 10 hours of my life on this pitiful game. Sadly it took that long to realize that I didn't get the amount of content I was promised nor the gameplay experience. I would love to be able to refund the game but I sadly cant.I personally love the idea of a sci fi exprorer game but this game is a fractured mess.I would definatly not recomend the game.
76561197973299683,Not Recommended,275850,26208610,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Novalith,Please do not waste your money on this game.  It is not the worst game I have ever played but even if you were to enjoy it the $60 is far too much.  If I had only spent $20 dollars and the game was not so repetitive I might recommend it.  Some will not mind the shoddy gameplay but even those people shouldn't spend $60
76561197997338846,Not Recommended,275850,25745813,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Tosme,"You dont even have to leave the starting planet to experience everything No Man's Sky has to offer.Upgrade your exosuit and ship to max inventory, and you're stuck with nothing else to do.They also lied about pretty much everything that the game had to offer, and then denied it the day after launch.Hell, even the screenshots lie."
76561198067383121,Not Recommended,275850,25067838,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,markimrock,THIS GAME IS UNFINISHED!!! please dont buy this game. i have 16gb ram... run very slow... bad optimization. i run gta 5 and assassins creed syndicate easy here... dont buy nms now!
,Not Recommended,275850,25068971,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Anarchymedes,"I can recommend this game ONLY IF you really enjoy exploration and self-motivated roleplaying.Otherwise, don't expect much to do here. Yes, the universe is impressive and beautiful, but that's it. Everything (even the exploration itself) is so brutally simplified that there's no actual game here. You know, even in sandbox games, you need something to keep you playing. There's no creativity here (no building), nor any other purpose.Before wasting 60,- EUR like me (one of my biggest mistakes on Steam so far), be sure to watch at least this review (I think Joe said it all well):https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTTPlqK8AnY"
,Not Recommended,275850,25177364,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,mrcaptainamazing,"Pretty decent game. However, quickly sends my gtx980 to 80°C, and it stays that hot whilst playing. Only game that does it, and as soon as I exit the game, the card temperature drops quickly back to mid 30's.No reply from the devs as to why this could be happening, and so for that reason, although I like the game, I cannot play it anymore."
,Not Recommended,275850,24907522,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,ThatPancakeDude,"Well, I have been lied to before by developers... Cough DayZ... But this is just disgraceful. Almost everything about this game's development was a sham. The only thing that stayed consistent was the actual size of the universe. No diversity, no true discover, and no multiplayer. This game was so overhyped, i don't understand how someone could be the deceitful about a game of this large yet so immensely small game. I wouldn't recommend this unless it were $15 or less, it should have been free for its 2.5gb size."
,Not Recommended,275850,25476272,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Handsoap,"The game's updates are steering it toward a direction that's good. However, I still wouldn't recommend it at its present state. It feels like an overpriced Early Access product.The game doesn't even have a compelling story line either with beloved characters. 60$ just isn't worth it for this game yet. But hopefully, they'll implement something making this game worth for the price."
,Not Recommended,275850,25439604,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,klapstoelpiloot,"Fun for 10-15 hours. After that you realize it is all the same and boring. Aside from graphical details on creatures and, on some planets, the absence of flora/fauna, all the planets are essentially the same. The internet is littered with reviews and comments about things the developers promised, but aren't in the game at all. And it is all true. Spend your 60 euro/dollars to see for your self. I think this game is worth only 20 euro/dollar tops!"
,Not Recommended,275850,25204252,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,JungTzu,Not gonna write a whole lot of texts cause people already dit it before me.I just want to point out a detail to some people who would question themselves about bying this game :all the screenshots and videos in the Store's game page are wrong and they really really don't depict the reality of the game. Only this is giving you a hint of how big the scam is. Some people might like it as it is though.5/10 for the game itself (if you see it as a pre-alpha version)1/10 because of all the lies.
,Not Recommended,275850,25868337,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Zhuyin Stormstout,I suggest waiting for the price to go down or for this to go on sale. It was ok but didn't really bring anything all that new to the table overall.
76561198103651051,Not Recommended,275850,25927600,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,G Money ツ,Crap.
76561198008999923,Not Recommended,275850,25961791,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,REVOCS,"this game will deficate on your soul, dont get it"
,Not Recommended,275850,25932410,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Enigma,"Really wish I'd refunded this sooner, if you are looking at getting this game, even after a few months from it's release, don't bother, worst overhype in game history, I think it even surpasses Fable tbh, don't bother with it, save your money, I wsh I had."
76561198084843077,Not Recommended,275850,25901107,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,UndeadRyBread,"I wanted this game to be good so badly. I was decieved into pre-purchasing the game by the trailers and now it feels like an open gaping wound, which started off as a scratch called Battlefront EA."
76561198015978282,Not Recommended,275850,25932571,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,BoomerKC,Complete waste of my hard earned money. Do not buy his game. It's not even a game in my book. Pointless trash.
76561198036415956,Not Recommended,275850,26046214,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,AnalfredFistcock,"if you buy this, you should go and suck a♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,275850,26051116,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,✪ G10,What a total let down.  I tried to refund but steam wouldn't do it.  Total waste of $60.  Seriously a scam of a game.  DO NOT BUY.
76561198085836617,Not Recommended,275850,24850278,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Arrow,"DO NOT BUY!Overhyped, Overrated, Randomised Game. :(This game is essentially Elite dangerous with the ability to fly in and out of atmospheres. What you encounted is completely random and the game is ridiculously grindy. If you want an actual space game, consider Star Citizen as it actually has the exact same features but with a lot better graphics and better ship flying.Really thought it was going to be better. :("
76561198182230982,Not Recommended,275850,25942531,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Baked Alaska,TRASH
76561198085556352,Not Recommended,275850,26542547,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,James G,total scam!!! I hope there is a lawsuite so I can get my money back and companies are punished for what happend!
,Not Recommended,275850,26537323,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,유,nope
,Not Recommended,275850,25314100,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Darksenlol,I want my money back :(
,Not Recommended,275850,25314093,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Philopappus,Ok I guessNot what was promised tho so very much a let downWould have been good if it was only like $20-$30If the price drops to that point I think it would be worth it
76561198165450438,Not Recommended,275850,25314071,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Inferno,"I liked it then it got boring, really boring"
,Not Recommended,275850,25375962,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,johnny-wick,"Get a Refund, or even better don't buy this game at all stay far far away."
,Not Recommended,275850,25773210,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Mapogos,Don't buy this game.
76561198042169156,Not Recommended,275850,25832900,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Arcagus,worst game 2016
,Not Recommended,275850,25832964,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Panache,Unfortunately this game lives up to the anti-hype.
,Not Recommended,275850,26480975,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Kasachii CS.MONEY Hellcase.com,Rip $60Downloaded mods to make it funAfter few hours it got boring again
76561198038383259,Not Recommended,275850,25427841,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,RussianNinja,"TL;DR: Lifeless sandbox, do not buy.Edit after 1.1 Update:Everything prior is still true.Pros:Base BuildingEasy base customizationsFreighter purchaseUpdated visuallyMissions from your aliens availableCons:21:9 isn't correctly supported, feels stretched outStill no real feeling to lifeLimit on how large and how many items can be used to construct base----Before 1.1 Update----Pros:Extremely large universeInitially very interesting gameplayMost initial bugs have been resolvedCons:Console port with minimal changes.Game arrived with missing promises:Like we would be in control of namingWe would be able to join factionsTraders would be docking with freightersFreighters would not be stationaryThere would be an actual Solar SystemThere is no Sun at all in this game, just a light-bulb shining bright.Physics? What's that?Named systems and planets will disappear from servers after a couple weeks, so no way to leave something cool in the names for any other players that find your systems.Finding out what you look like? Forget it, no one will ever be able to see you, ""because the universe is so large""Amazing, mind blown!Center of the Galaxy sucks, don't go, might as well stay where you started.If you happen to stumble upon this short review, I suggest waiting till this indie game is $20 or less, then you won't feel as betrayed."
,Not Recommended,275850,25421708,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Catabolism,Never had high expectations but still came out disappointed.
,Not Recommended,275850,25422241,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Thur GodofStatic,"Honestly the worst game I've ever purchased on steam. Luckily I managed to get a refund, but it seriously changes my opinion of steam. Why not change the videos you're advertising with instead of the false advertisement that's going to perpetually misinform player?"
76561198035445738,Not Recommended,275850,25424292,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,anuma_red,"Completely♥♥♥♥♥♥game. Don't waste your money. False advertising on claiming it's multiplayer. The world generators stick for 10 different options, so the variety is very low.Steam will not refund this game if it's past 2 hours, they will not aknowledge that false advertising has occured."
,Not Recommended,275850,26027702,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Lord X1,"I'll admit, I was caught on the hype train for this game after I heard about what would be included, the type of game that it was and the spruiked possibilities.  Unfortunately, like most other people, I feel very short changed.Three points that have summed this up for me:Gameplay thats hundreds oflightyears long, but only an inch deepAn unoptimised PC release, filled with simple bugsthat shouldn't have existed (Couldn't play for an hour without going down to 20fps, in what felt like some sort of memory leak)False advertising, including 'something amazing at the end', which turned out to beresetting all your progress, breaking all your equipment and expecting you to do everything over againI feel cheated by the fact that this game expects you to put hours in to reach certain features (planets), which took me well past the Steam Refund play hours.  The developers have also been deliberately silent after release.  Do not buy."
,Not Recommended,275850,26113208,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,idonthaveanynickels,"This game is literally a grind.1) Repair your ship2) Leave the planet3) Farm & grind4) Repeat5) Repeat6) Repeat7) Leave galaxy for new scenery8) All galaxies actually look exactly the same, save a different color scheme8) See step 3"
,Not Recommended,275850,26450331,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Helanger,"As someone who was really excited for this game, I was immensely disappointed by the lack of content and repetitive Gameplay after a certain amount of hours.I was very angered due the what the developers promised and failed to deliver to people who pre-ordered and purchased the game as well as outright lying to everyone.The game does a good job in generating a ridiculous amount of different planets but it's literally all that it has done a good job in.The lack of content ingame as well as all the lies told by the developers is one of the reasons why it falls flat."
76561198118959354,Not Recommended,275850,26747010,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,jk0koh,"I wanted this to be good so bad. I heard the early talk about how bad it was but I wasn't fazed. I didn't care about the lack of highly hinted at coop, I just thought if i got to explore cool planets minecraft style that it would be worth it. It's nothing like that. The first hour or so is maybe ok but after that you quickly realise how empty and repitive the procedurally generated universe is. You start to see the same basic shapes and animals over and over again. The game is a grind for very little reward. There are maybe 10 or so unique planets but after that they all start to repeat themselves. Even the hundreds of ships that were shown seem to be limited to maybe 20 models. Stand in the space dock for half an hour and you'll see the same ships over and over. There was also footage of stuff like space battles, robot walkers shown, none of which is in the game. It just feels like this was an indie company that built hype brilliantly and were pressured to deliver a AAA game by their publishers by a date that was just unrealistic for such a small team. The basis of a possibly good game is here, it's just missing so much. Maybe if they had another year this could've been a good game and who knows, maybe the reason the company has disappeared online is because they're working on a huge patch. It wont matter though, the damage has been done. They straight up lied to their fans for a quick buck. Can't believe i paid full AAA price for this game. If it was 15$ maybe it would've been worth it, maybe. Also ♥♥♥♥ Sean Murray."
76561198053223856,Not Recommended,275850,26163289,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,nedray1234,"pls dont buy this game.... I am really didnt review any game all of my life but this game just destroyed me its nothing like what you imagine. its really a scam you cant know the game full of lies untile the 10th hour when you see nothing going to happend there is nothing new, but you keep playing because you cant refund this♥♥♥♥♥♥anymore and you trying to get something from your 60$ (a lot of money for this 5-10$ crap)..... And yes after almost 19 hours of gameplay I can say this is the worst thing I bought on steamAh yea and those requarmants from your computer is another big lie the games run very bad on everything low and I am much above thos requarmants."
76561197977303452,Not Recommended,275850,25442135,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Volley,"I didn't buy NMS becuse of the advertising videos. As I didnt watch them. trying to keep the game a genuine surprise.What Hello Games have done here is construct a wonderful Engine. Which can generate a beautiful universe for us to explore.Whey they then FOGOT, was to then fill it with ANYTHING to do.I spent 6-7 Hours on the first planet trying to get as much as I could from it. Expecting the next to be different.Only to find the NEXT 6-7 hours to be absolutely identicle to the last.I'm and old school Everquest Fan. So i know all about grinding. Thing is, the EQ grind was more often then not met with success. The hours (days) of waiting/working/camping finally paid off and made the effort all worth while. I feel no reward for time spent on NMS.What I'm hoping is that hello games will now dissappear into their office. work there arses of. and release a massive free patch that adds fricking content. I genuinly believe there is an oppurtunity here for a ground breaking genre changing experience. Maybe 15 people just arent enough to make it happen."
,Not Recommended,275850,26489320,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,YarnHub.org,"This game was a monumental waste of time and money. Shawn Murray straight up lied in the interviews about what would be in the game. He literally took a♥♥♥♥♥♥on a disk, uploaded it to the computer and made♥♥♥♥♥♥up. Moral of the story? Never trust a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ named Shawn."
76561198085707425,Not Recommended,275850,25811706,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Scrub_lord924(CAPTAIN CAPSLOCK),just trash
76561198027423390,Not Recommended,275850,26449541,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Zenith,Scam.  Wish I could get my money back.
76561198035781703,Not Recommended,275850,25652887,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Terracnosaur,"Indie game, not worth the $60 launch price.No matter where you are in space, you are ALWAYS in an asteroid field.But that does not matter when you are in 'fast mode' for some reason.Procedurally generated universe is virtually UNLIMITED, but always feel the same.You can get nearly every achievement in the game without leaving the first planet.Story line feels like it was 'tacked on' late in the game.Story has no effect on anything really.If you like resource gathering, and a really chill space simulation this game is good for that.The universe is very ""cartoon like"".even though the universe is supposed to be unexplored, there's like a thousand bases on every planet with some nearly identical alien sitting in each one.Great buy at $20Really bad performance and stability issues at launch. Required MUCH high hardware than advertised."
76561198134290559,Not Recommended,275850,25855814,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,AlexApost7,i want a refund
,Not Recommended,275850,25579062,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Death Korps of Krieg Honor Guard,"Another game that preys upon hopes and dreams of its clients. The game does not meet the standards that we were all told about for the entirety of the games development, Hopefully I can get this game refunded as my other friends have becauause honestly your hard earned money is definately spent well better in $4 games rather than this 'AAA' flopout."
76561197973677849,Not Recommended,275850,25215157,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Hellicious,"The game idea was great. Sean Murray made it seem that we would be able to play with our friends and explore together, however, the reality is that you are alone in your gameplay. If you are lucky enough to keep playing the game for a stable amount of time. The game crashed on me either in loading or within the first 15 minutes of gameplay. My pc's specs are well above the recommended, and I still had performance issues in the game.If you like exploring a universe without interacting with other players or dealing with performance issues, this game is for you. For everyone else, I'd suggest you find another game."
,Not Recommended,275850,25548540,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,vdubst4r,"Great for the first 20 hours and then you realize there are no responses from the creators to address obvious flaws, problems, and ideas for possible patches. No responses at all. The game lacks content on a scale like no other. Sure, it was a ground breaking idea and the previews were amazing. It's just too bad hardly any promised content was released with the actual game."
76561198121881645,Not Recommended,275850,25684879,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Chumpy Wumpy,"I played the game before, but the thing i wanted most did not change. My review will stay negitive until they add multiplayer."
76561198077823613,Not Recommended,275850,26113048,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,EZ BUY MEME,just dont buy it
76561198137361815,Not Recommended,275850,25760951,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,SearingRouge8,"As you can see by most of the reviews for this game, false advertising is probably the biggest reason for me to dislike the game, besides the lack of content, which was something I feel cheated on. I sincerly feel that we as the community that bought the game hoping for a good experience, were lied to, we should be able to be refunded even if we have 17 + hours in it because we tried to find the good in it. I truely did, and I just couldn't. Especially after waiting through so many delays, they could of at least given us the full promised game.However the base is there now, they need to build up on that, or even the community (yes I mean they should release modding tools at least so if they don't want to make it better, we can).Long story short, this game is not worth $60 US, which is even more considering I had to convert $ AUS to buy it. For what we were promised and shown, not there. And I feel that all of us who did try to give the game the benefit of the doubt should still be able to get a refund even if it has been however long, especialy with the false advertising, not to mention 2 hours of play time was not enough time to fully decide to refund the game, because at that point it was still somewhat a decent game, for what was there."
,Not Recommended,275850,25954745,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,RyGuy Online,"When I first saw the trailer for this game a couple of years ago I thought it was amazing and I could not wait until it came out. Then it came out and the reviews were awful, but I gave it the benefit of the doubt and I bought the game because I thought that most of the negative reviews were regarding performance issues; boy was I wrong. There just is not even close to $60 worth of content in this game. I hate paying the $60 price tag for games and this one really screwed me.In the past year and a half I have played more mainstream triple A  games then I have ever played before and this game isn't even in the ballpark adjacent to those games, but yet this game costs $60. I have head the pleasure of playing Fallout 4, Rise of the Tomb Raider, Halo 5, Forza 6, and Metal Gear Solid V. All of these games had excellent graphics, lots of content, and ran well on their respective platforms. I cannot say the same for No Mans Sky. The content is incredibly sparce for a game with a giant open world. The graphics in this game are not as good as I was expecting and the optimization is poor to say the least.One of the things that most upsets me about this game is the fact that the developers lied about some of the content. A lot of the things pictured in the screenshots are not in the actual game. This game came up as a topic of discussion during a marketing seminar in one of my business classes. The doctor of marketing that was speaking to us described this game as a ""perfect example of bad marketing."" She said that there is a good chance that the lawsuit(s) against the developer will be successful.I really can't think of a good reason to buy this game. The content to dollar ratio is terrible and that alone is reason enough not to buy this game. The lies, poor optimization, less than stellar graphics, are just the icing on the cake. Hell, its almost embarassing having this game in my library.  I am not writing this to rant and rave and ask for my $60 back, I just want to express my disapointment in what could have been a really awesome game and I want to discourage others from making the  same mistake that I did."
,Not Recommended,275850,25178982,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Captain Mahvel,"As wide as the ocean, as shallow as a puddle.Most of the features are missing and the gameplay is shallow and repetitive.The trailers and screenshots on the store page are not representative of this product."
76561198041602629,Not Recommended,275850,25201120,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Quinnzoid,"23 of the 27 hours I played of this game was just to obtain the 48 slot ship, You can imagine my regret finding out that this is merely a fragment of what could be a cool game. I was really looking forward to playing this game along with my friends and meeting them on distant planets :("
,Not Recommended,275850,26370038,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,admixo,There are more fun ways to waste 60 euros.
,Not Recommended,275850,25200297,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,TGVnaW9u,Boring game with no point. It's like minecraft but if you could build nothing.
76561197991966161,Not Recommended,275850,26024121,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,DeltaV,The first 1/3rd of the game's title says it all.
76561198121631460,Not Recommended,275850,25398977,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,jojofritz,"Well,NMS is kinda well, sorta - lame. The game does deliver billons of worlds. After a while you see similarities in features, animals, etc.There is no real purpose to this game. it is merely a chance to explore. Unfortunately as stated above, the exploration becomes a wee bit repetative. Been there done that, dejavue.The graphics are also on the cartoony side. Probably could not be helped and are more likely a result of the needs of the game engine.Considering the challenges and very mild violence, I would recomend this for the under 10 year old set. older than that and you will be very VERY disappointed."
,Not Recommended,275850,26615328,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Supahtoaster,Tedious game. Constantly having to resupply to be able to leave a planet that might be awful only to trade it for another that has acidic rain. I wanted this to be the space exploration game but its really not and i wouldnt reccomend it to any of my friends as it is NOT worth the money. This SHOULD be tagged under early access as there is no way you can sell a game this incomplete without that tag.
,Not Recommended,275850,25297457,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Drumnut1,"if your not a hardcore survival games fan, use your money on something else."
76561198006688392,Not Recommended,275850,25985727,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Bambi,Sean Murray and Hello Games lied to scam us into buying a husk of a game at full price.
,Not Recommended,275850,25967285,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,damaged,this is a solid NO from my part for 60e20e MAYBE
76561198030473346,Not Recommended,275850,25412824,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Helikopeter,missing like a lot of the promised features
76561198079293808,Not Recommended,275850,26126007,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Devilee,You can have more fun using defrag than with this game.
,Not Recommended,275850,25413160,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,spectralyuke,First I really liked it. After a few hours i realised that iI was doing the same thing over and over again.
,Not Recommended,275850,25997007,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Zukaro Travon,"It's just not fun.  Gameplay is below average and there's nothing at all to do.  It feels like an alpha, and that price tag is not justified.Takes about 2 hours to get off the starting planet or out of the starting system, at which point you begin to realize you've seen the entire game.The randomly generated plants and creatures don't feel remotely unique, and there's lots of duplicates (especially plants which give you resources other than carbon, as far as I'm aware those are identical on each planet).Life is also far too common on these planets.  Even the lifeless planets with no atmoshpere have mushrooms and resource plants growing.  It would be too rare at realistic levels, but it shouldn't be nearly as common as it is.  It'd be nice if finding a planet with life felt special is my point, although that's really just nitpicking.I don't suggest purchasing this game in its current state.  Hopefully sometime down the line it'll be worth it, but I'm not sure I'll ever enjoy it as the false advertising and complete silence on the issue has left a bad taste in my mouth."
76561198068467831,Not Recommended,275850,25860993,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,"Ken Jones, Master Demilune","The advertisement for all the features was stunning. The first two hours of the game were stunning (everything else was ridiculously repetitive). What was not stunning, however, was the fact that all those stunning features that were advertised never actually were a thing. Many of us were hit by the hype train, thrown into the air, hit by a hype plane, and then fell into the preorder pit.Cheers"
,Not Recommended,275850,26738269,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Lenix,it doesn't have multiplayer and is falsely advertised
76561198142530888,Not Recommended,275850,26500701,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,statixFEAR,"This game is just disgusting now. Sure it was enjoyable the first couple of hours... but to find out towards the end that everything I have been doing was meaningless and pointless. Just disgraceful! And now, I'm in too deep that Steam doesn't even refund me because I've played the game quite a bit already, hoping that it would have gotten better eventually. That was my mistake... never again!"
,Not Recommended,275850,25966745,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Knight Hasen,"How to make money on a literal♥♥♥♥♥♥game.1. Make it about exploration.2. Make it start off slow and interrupt the player frequently so they have to play for more than 2 hours to realize it's♥♥♥♥♥♥and can't get a refund.3. ???4. Profitsteam pls let me refundUpdate: Nominated NMS for ""Biggest Letdown"""
76561198088587275,Not Recommended,275850,25297453,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Diesel5187,"After 16 hours of gameplay and letting the game devs update the game for any issues I still find this game pretty unplayable. It is in its essence incomplete even if it is sold as a fully polished game. I was very excited for this game and the procedurally generated worlds but the assets are extremely limited and no matter where you go, you'll start seeing the same stuff over, and over, and over, and over again. The game being only a 2.8GB download, I did not find it surprising and was already worried about this happening. There is no story to speak of and only one task to complete, get to the center of the universe which is in essence an extremely repetitive task of mining and exploring. Without any deeper level of gameplay I find this a very shallow game. Since you can't even play with your friends it makes the game even more unbelievably monotonous.There are a few graphic tricks in the engine on how the world loads in, even with a 4790k @4.7ghz and a 980gtx the load took forever to load in, just made me dizzy most of the time and reminded me I'm in a game instrad of being sucked into a ""rich""(it's not rich) procedurally generated world.In the end I give this game a 3/10 for its huge untapped potential which is now certainly going to go to waste. I’m surprised they didn’t do more with the time they had available."
76561198135484953,Not Recommended,275850,25985867,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,El_Dougo79,False advertising no refund.  Bad touch!
,Not Recommended,275850,26238172,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Knowing Crow,"This game is about exploration. You are drawn into a world with a rich and intrigueing history, and a mystery that pulls you along. As you explore, you find new wonders and new things, made even more wonderful with the knowledge that you are the first to have found it; as the universe is so vast that much of it remains unexplored by anyone else who played the game before you!But after a time, you realize that you've discovered everything. You learn the limits of the procedural generation and everything begins to look the same. What once held mystery becomes much more boring. Exploration is a lot less enjoyable when you know what you'll find at the other end; you no longer explore, and you begin the grind.You travel from planet to planet to find resources that'll help you on your journey, thinking that maybe if you got closer to the center you'll find new things. But after a dozen hours of jumping from black hole to black hole, everything still looks the same.The game becomes apparent for what it is; it's a shell. A big empty husk that that feels unfinished. There is, quite frankly, not much to do. The lack of things to do is obsfucated by the amount of time it takes to do them. But at 40 hours I realized I had nothing to do. This game has a lot of potential, but so far has felt like a waste of time. The big mystery, when you discover it for what it is, is a huge let down.The game is interesting, and has potential. So I'll keep my eye on it for future content updates. But the original release of this game was terrible. Content is severly lacking, and it took forever for them to fix game breaking bugs. At the 44 hour mark I still had severe framerate drops that require a hard reset to fix. This game felt more like an indie game, not a AAA title that would warrant a $60 price tag. Unlike an indie game, the complete silence from the developers along absolutely no word on anything resembling future content really just forces me to walk away from the game and warn others to stay away."
,Not Recommended,275850,25092618,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Remik,"I don't want to simply pile on a negative review like so many others, but I'm afraid this game was just not ready.  They needed another year of development.  They also desparately needed to hire someone on their staff who could help them understand gamer personas.  What drives a gamer to play?  What keeps them coming back?  No game can appeal to everyone, but I struggle how this will appeal to anyone over time.Let's examine the premise, a survival/exploration game.  Fine.  I'm good with it.  That can work. But as an exploration game, it's severly lacking in some basic functionality.  First, no planetary map.  I can document all of the wildlife I encounter and instantly upload it getting paid in the process, but I can't have a simple Google Map app on my scanner?  Secondly, and more importantly, there's nothing really unique to find.  Sure, each planet itself is physically unique in one way or another.  But as far as unique artifacts, ruins, relics, or treasure?  Not really.  You'll run into the same 10 things no matter what planet you're on.  So...why I am exploring again?Now onto the ""game"" aspects of it.  You don't level, no experience is gained, no real skills to improve, you can't really accumulate things as your storage space is too small and there's no social apects to this game at all.  Sure, you can slowly learn languages over a long period of time, you can do some very basic rudimentary upgrades to your equipment, and that's about it.  Without any significant growth for a character, why am I playing this?Lastly, crafting.  It's basic, and frankly none of the receipes make any sense.  But because there is no wide diversity of materials available, the receipes to build anything have to be basic.  Then the stuff you can build is...boring.  None of it really changes the game all that much.I applaud the developers in their creation and the technology used to implement it.  The real issue is staying power.  Without any real story, character development, accumulation of ""things"", or social engagement; I think this game is going to fade very fast."
,Not Recommended,275850,25771022,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Pot@t0,"I enjoyed this game, really I did, but it is something I cannot reccomend to anyone.I bought this game on the day of release and wanted to explore what I thought would be a galaxy of diverse and unique planets, with none of them being exactly the same, that was, after all, what I was promised. Instead I found that a majoruty of the planets seemed oddly similar, and almost all of them had life, but Hello Games had stated that only about 10% of planets would have life, but the numbers seemed to be swapped, with almost every planet having some sort of life, and usually just different body parts replacing what was on the animals from the planet before.I could continue to complain about everything I was promised by the company that they didn't deliver, but it has all been said before. and the promises will still be broken."
76561198283487273,Not Recommended,275850,25771262,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Wolfsangel6,The game isnt even worth pirating!!
76561197962203746,Not Recommended,275850,26741837,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,^9phalen,i regret everything
,Not Recommended,275850,25699383,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,GuyPerson54,"I do not reccomend this game. It's very repetitive, the worlds and creatures are boring, and everything just feels so dang SLOW. Even the Pulse Drives, which as far as I can tell, are supposed to convey a sense of speed, take so much time to get from place to place it's not even funny. What essentially happens in each system is this, with very little divergence:1. go to planet2. look for materials for warp cell, if there are no materials, repeat step 13. make warp cell4. go to new system5. repeatUnless you have nothing better to do besides play this boring mess, don't even think about it.To developer: Hello Games, your project was ambitious, and you tried. I respect that, but please, next time, look to this as an example and try to do better."
76561198019544013,Not Recommended,275850,25785309,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Titecrote,"The game is bugged. I cant mount my spacecraft. I cant play the game like it wasintended to be. I cant play it without crashing randomly throughout the day.Loosing my progression, loosing my time. At this point, I cant even leave theplanet im on because I cant even enter my spacecraft. Please Steam, I neverasked that before, but can you please credit my game, so that I can enjoy otherworking steam games. Working games, games that fonction correctly.Game that people enjoy. You know people dont enjoy this one.Do something"
,Not Recommended,275850,26033004,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,njay_1891,"All 18 quintrillion planets have the same buildings strewn here n there. All 18 quintrillion planets share the same interior design space station. All 18 quintrillion planets share the same computer interface design. All 18 quintrillion planets have same minerals with same name. All 18 quintrillion planets don't have regional climates. All 18 quintrillion planets share same looking crystal. Green for gold anyone? All 18 quintrillion planets have same sentinels. All 18 quintrillion planets have same ship docking lot. All 18 quintrillion planets share same upgrade pods. All 18 quintrillion planets share same save point look. Heck, probably all 18 quintrillion planets use the same computer brand.All 18 quintrillion planets and you're alone.Simple to say, you're going to where everything else have gone before (except you that is, the single you)"
76561198106255916,Not Recommended,275850,26191043,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Shreddymonster,♥♥♥♥ you
76561198023452047,Not Recommended,275850,26199471,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Ivskran,"Imagine all that you ever wished to be in a space exploration videogame. Now imagine a company that makes a game with all the features you love. Then imagine they release it, and you get to play it.Well this is nothing like that, so keep on dreaming.Also, I think there is a lesson to be learned about pre purchasing games, and ill effects of blatantly lying in a WIP videogame, not sure... I sure wish these guys stick to Android and iOS games, and leave PC to professionals and indie developers who take their work more seriously.EDIT: Just wanted to add that, despite all the attempts to revitalize the game through new content, fixes and upgrades, those are just that, attempts, and fail to deliver fully implemented, or otherwise enjoyable content. They came too little, too late."
,Not Recommended,275850,26741265,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,HexaDroid,They should have recalled this entire game and gave everyone's money back. Biggest scam in the history of gaming.
76561198067918208,Not Recommended,275850,25402860,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Amloris,Less depth than a kiddie pool.
76561197982278128,Not Recommended,275850,25561529,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,wiznel,"Utterly dull and repetitive.  Despite the programmatic variations, each planet is essentially identical - blue trees on one planet, red trees on another.  Space mushrooms?  Yes.  Oceans filled with nearly identical space seaweed?  Yes.  Bases and outposts are identical.  I ground through this game for a few hours looking for the point, then realized I had played too long to qualify for a refund.  I wouldn't recommend this as a $19.99 indie title, much less the 'AAA' that it claims to be."
,Not Recommended,275850,26223147,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,PanicSwitch,"I reviewed this game for a Media Outlet BUT purchased the game with my own funds shortly after launch and I tried to be generous and defend Hello Games.  But honestly with no talk in almost 2 months of what's coming up and pretty much ratio silence, there's not much else to say.  This game is a huge disappointment.  And I wish I could get a refund.  The only redeeming part of this game was the soundtrack and the novelty of exploration which lasted me about 40 hours before I was done."
76561197972670924,Not Recommended,275850,26337919,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Snark,why is this game still 59 euro?
,Not Recommended,275850,26338149,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,HolyMarcellus,We  allknow that this game sucks.
,Not Recommended,275850,25933166,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,AWEHJHEHAWHHAWA,Wasted Potential
76561198084038095,Not Recommended,275850,25774871,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,El Presidente DayZRP.com,"I want my money back, I regret everything."
76561198013146017,Not Recommended,275850,26246728,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Flake,"Developers better should create quests and a story for the game. This would be the only way to kind of save the project.You will have more fun counting the signle corns in a sack of rice. (and it will have an end...)I really regret spending 59,99€ on the release day. I think something like a 50% refund would be fair."
,Not Recommended,275850,25402602,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Officer McDoogle,"No better way to describe this game than what videogamedunkey says, ""No mans sky, more like No guy buy."" Sean Murray is basically the new sergey titov (warz now known as Infestation: Survivor Stories and many other half made barren games). He claims there will be all these amazing features and fails to implement them, or just decides to not want them in the game and when asked about it vaguely gives information to why or what happened or flat out lies. From the start i never had high hopes for this game but i never imagined it would be as barren as it was with little or no reason to even play the game. honestly this game is not worth the $60 price tag and it wouldnt be complained about as much if it was priced at $10 which is still too high of a cost for what this game offers."
,Not Recommended,275850,26033093,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Kovach,"To all my friends: go ahead and take it off your wishlist.""8 friends want this game.Just add this game to your cart. Then during checkout, choose a friend to receive your gift.""I'd prefer to get stabbed in the eye with an icepick before having a friend gift me a copy of this."
76561198150285732,Not Recommended,275850,25701237,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,allnewluke,i want a refund
,Not Recommended,275850,26087241,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Gollum,"+ Phenomenal soundtrack by 65daysofstatic, very much worth checking out on it's own- Grinding, boring gameplay- Repetitive- NOT an open universe- Horribly optimized"
,Not Recommended,275850,25860139,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Donkonky,"I would like to make it clear from the outset that I quite enjoyed playing No Man's Sky. Amidst what is currently a developing maelstrom of hatred, there remains at the core a reasonably passable indie game. Something that I could, under different circumstances, have loved. But circumstance unfortunately plays a huge part in the negative review I'm filing. First, the game:No Man's Sky drops you in the middle of a huge (and I mean huge, mind-bogglingly so) procedurally generated universe with an inestimable number of planets. It's highly probable that no two players will ever see the same things, which in itself is an existentially and thematically brilliant concept. As a player, your place and goal in such a huge universe is exploration, hopping from planet to planet digging things up with a laser tool, such as minerals and plant matter, so that you can get to the next star system. You can stop at space stations, trade your minerals with ugly aliens and aim to get a bigger ship with currency that is accumulated through interactions with factions and trading.Unfortunately, it ends there. Whilst there is the whisper of a story to be heard in the vast echoing universe, it remains largely underwhelming. You can decipher alien languages and glimpse their cultures through visiting randomly scattered places of ancient worship / engaging in conversation with living aliens, but this is far from engaging or overly interesting. Also, although there may be quintillions of planets to explore, and equal numbers of animals and fauna to interact with, you start to see similar patterns emerge very quickly. Obviously, these huge numbers include INCREDIBLY similar variations, and in such a vast space, this seems to leave a disappointing taste.Your dreams of being a lone space explorer humming to yourself as you travel at light speed through a beautiful galaxy may well be fulfilled, but when you get to your destination, you get the sense that there are many missed opportunities here for something truly special. The universe is beautiful, but cold and sparse - and not in a mysterious, sexy way, but in a vaguely upsetting way.Then of course we must unfortunately turn to the allegations of false advertising and empty promises put forward by the developers. Whilst I believe that the ""hype train"" was hijacked too early and strongly by overly zealous publishers and would-be-fans, there does seem to be an air of dishonesty about the way the game has been handled. Multiplayer, story, progression systems and longevity all seem remarkably absent. All of these elements were promised, but not delivered.I think that I would have loved No Man's Sky were it properly sold to me as what it was, at a reasonable price. I would happily have handed over £20 for this game to an earnest indie developer. But unfortunately I feel I was somewhat mislead into giving out £50 to a developer I felt had struck gold and was about to unleash an industry changer. Perhaps it is my fault for letting the hype take hold, I don't know. Either way, I feel like I've wasted my money.Any game that is given a special notice on Steam about the refund policy applying is surely one best avoided, and unfortunately I agree with this sentiment. Unless the thesis of this game really grabs you, then stay away from it.Hopefully a developer will take some of the concepts theorised here and apply them to something great. Until then, the stars will have to remain untrodden."
,Not Recommended,275850,26379674,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,ForsakenZombi,"game is garbage, surprised its not 9.99 yet... may actually get some sales again..."
,Not Recommended,275850,25192899,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,lanessar,"While I enjoy this game, I cannot recommend it to anyone at this time. I would probably recommend this title at $10-$15. I might recommend it after some heavy updating, and bringing it up to what is being advertised on the store page.The GoodVery beautiful scenery when walking around. Some of the views can be breathtaking, and some of the scenery is randomly generated as the most amazing places, places you would love to visit. A few worlds, including my starter world, I just wandered around for hours, justseeingthings.The creatures can be downright astonishing (although they can get repetitive at times as well).The ships generated are really visually interesting. Too bad that's where it stops, aside from cargo space (slots), there is literally no difference between ships (aside from ""hit points"").Makes for great wallpaper generation for retro sci-fi book covers.If you're starting out as a writer, it would probably be wonderful for generating amazing sci-fi worlds, to get the mental juices flowing.The BadSpace combat is about as fun as being waterboarded with lemon juice after getting 1000 paper cuts, then being rolled in salt. Controls are non-responsive, your speed is apparently 5x slower than any other craft in the galaxy, even with max upgrades, and you have to go to your inventory to recharge your shields with resourceswhile combat is still damaging you.Ship controls are so godawful, you actually cheer if you manage to land on a landing pad. Seriously, it's a bigger accomplishment than surviving the docking sequence in Elite Dangerous on your first try. Making a landing correctly on one of those pads is about as rare as seeing another player.Pretty much everything repeats on each planet. Same eight building variations, plutonium and minerals look almost identical from planet to planet, even the plants you harvest resources from areexactly the same for every planet. Every portal, most of the ruins, and every language stone has about 1-2 variations, and you'll find hundreds on any planet. This makes for a very shallow experience.About 80 percent of the time, the life forms look identical from planet to planet. This makes finding something really different, large, interesting very cool, but the drudgery with the other 80 percent actually encourages not exploring each planet, but taking off before you've seen everything. To wit: The most common things are carnivorous crab lice things, flying eels, fuzzy squealing pig things, two-legged scythe head things.There are about 12 puzzles in rotation, all of which have you solving the same mathematical or repetitive equations over and over again. The same abandoned building story repeats about five times. The dialog overall lacks anything remotely close to variation, save for the race origin stories from the four different races you get from monoliths.Inventory management is the name of the early game, until you get to around 30 slots in suit and ship. ""Inventory Full"" is the phrase you will hear repeatedad nauseumuntil you look for a mod to silence the suit computer. Which, if you make it past ten hours without doing so, I am pretty sure you should get some therapy and possibly some sort of award.This game has the worst AI coding and behavior I've encountered since a demo of Lost Planet that I've played. Creatures have two modes, attack or run. I've seen creatures ignore preyright next to themin order to come over and attack me, a good 20 yards away. Most fights are stand-and-shoots, with the AI simply being non-responsive and sentinels caught up in geometry or shooting through solid surfaces to hit you.The UglyThe controls are atrocious on PC. Using a steam controller makes this somewhat better, but not by much. The walking is sluggish and even the responsiveness with KB+M is extremely lacking. Many things are ""on rails"" but bug out - for example, docking with a space station, I've flown through the ""blue light"" many times at low velocity and it still won't dock. Often times taking off from a planet, you will launch into space, totally losing your place on the planet. At this point, you generally say to heck with it and just move on (unless it's giving resources to make money).The UI overall is sluggish and slow. It also has many bugs and crashes. It's designed for console, and the ""hold-button"" interactions are frustrating and slow. Using A and D keys to navigate the journey menu results in a CTD.General performance is completely terrible. And by completely, I mean ""in nearly every way possible"". The LOD on PC with a 980TI and an overclocked i5-4670K is poor. You can't see things 30 yards away in the world without pop-in. Quite frequently, enemies won't render properly in space and are shooting at you before they even become visible.Survival gameplay elements are extremely shallow. Once you get to 30 or so inventory slots, +2 upgrades to environment, and stock up some titanium, you are pretty much invincible unless you afk for 6+ hours. In fact, I did just that to make one of the game achievements on harsh survival.Interruptions for each milestone. I'm not sure why the developers seek to kill you off with this, but you continue to take damage and are totally unable to control the game while this 15 second banner plays out. This is possibly the worst element of game design I've seen in the past five years, aside from everything present in the game Godus.The developers were in communication about updates a day or so after release, but have been silent since. I have filed at least five tickets reporting show-stopping bugs, but have not received anything but an automated response. Support is non-existent.I have so many gripes with this game. The terrible design choices, the simplified game play that feels almost ""tacked on"" in the past month of development, the horrendous bugs, the terrible, and I mean terrible controls.Modders help alleviate this to some degree, but this shouldn't be happening the first week of release.Pretty much 90% of what you see in the trailer videos isn't possible. Most of the assets pictured in the screenshots don't exist in the game at this time (buildings, stones, etc.) Almost all of the activities which were showcased are dumbed down to such a point, you can barely call them ""features"" of this game.The game actually is designed to keep you interested and involved and ""wow'ed"" for the first three hours. Past a time where a player can refund. And I've seen that more and more with games; which to me is a deplorable practice.I won't comment on promised features, dropped functionality, or anything else but to say, I'm disappointed in what the gamecould have beenversus what the developers made. I'm also disappointed in Sean for not communicating clearly with his customers.You never mislead or leave to chance the idea your customers have about what will be present in the final product in software.Now, to stop there would be a terrible injustice. Because, as a developer, my god. This is an awesome proof of concept, and incredible work toward advancing a field which has been stagnant so long. I mean, this is anamazingtechnical achievement from a developer's standpoint. If you could just imagine this, all the intricate details it took to make this and the color palette and... I could go on for hours on a technical basis. I'm truly impressed and awed.Sadly, I'm not writing a review for how amazing some of the tech is. It's about agame. And a game requiresgame play. This game doesn't have it, and it will take years for the developers to patch it in.This game will appeal to the certain group of players, and I'm glad it came to be. But there was so much more needed to make this a deliverable product."
,Not Recommended,275850,24862331,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,jamie,Not worth the money at the moment... I refunded the game.I suspect once the price is half the price it is now I will buy it again.
76561198007562457,Not Recommended,275850,24960030,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Jaol,is repetetive and emptyDon´t use your 60 euro on this
,Recommended,275850,27986158,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,hey man,"New Update improves so much, I love it."
76561198047972859,Not Recommended,275850,28076724,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Tyrannosaurus Dex,"I nominated this game for the ""I Can't Believe I Paid Full Price"" award."
76561198079201523,Not Recommended,275850,25063591,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Lord Jerikho,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME
76561198128351181,Not Recommended,275850,25186713,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,_Dustin,TERRIBLE GAME PLS DONT BUY RUINS STEAM
,Not Recommended,275850,24922275,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Rylo,"Once youve seen one planet, all the rest are exactly the same, except maybe it will be a different color. You will still collect all the same stuff you endlessly collected on the last planet, still find all the exact same building and ruins as on the other bazillion planets and it all just gets really dull after a while."
,Not Recommended,275850,24847155,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,AA,"I have played for less than 1 hour and I don't usually like to write reviews if I have very limited play time in a game as I feel it can mislead potential buyers.However, right now I do not recommend No Man's Sky simply due to the fact that my £1,500 custom built PC can not attain more than 25FPS while playing this game, the audio is out of sync and the game has crashed once already.Turning down all graphics options has not helped any and the FPS is still struggling a great deal.What I played of the game so far was okay.  I held in the left mouse button to gather resources and walked around while opening my inventory every 10 seconds to repair items, fix my ship, etc.From what I have seen of the inventory and crafting menus; This was very obviously created with consoles in mind as navigating the UI feels very clunky.When I play more or if the FPS issues go away I will re-write this review that discusses more of the gameplay."
,Not Recommended,275850,25485360,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Blqck Cqt,Seaun wont let me refund :^
,Not Recommended,275850,26268510,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,zoitspider,This game was a mistake.
,Not Recommended,275850,24956508,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,LaDy CaTeLyN sTaRk❤,"I wish there was a middle option to select as far as recommending this game. I really didn't want to select no but at the same time I only would select yes if I was truly passionate about this game.  I'm not having any crashing errors or bugs like a lot of others just random frame rate drops but not often.  I also wanted to wait until I had some decent play time to give it a thourough review.  I'm almost at 10 hour so that's good enough.Lets start with the pros:- The concept of the game itself is great, that is exploring different planets and learning different languages.- plenty of resources around so you never really have to worry about running out- Decent crafting system although a lot of the items you learn to craft you'll never use.- The enviroment of each planet I explored so far is beautiful.  I have visited a few planets so far and they were each different and unique in it's own way.- Galaxy trading system or shall I say auction house? Basically you can make a lot of money or ""units"" by selling various crafting items or resources.  You can also buy different resources or specific items you might need to craft an item.  \- You can also get ""units"" at different space stations or little towns you discover on your planets.Now for the Cons:- The game is too repetative.  There is nothing different that you do on each planet.  You explore, you discover, you meet aliens, you learn words in their language, grind for resources and that's about it.- Inventory space.  Not enough at first in my opinion. You have to explore and find little stations that allow you to upgrade your inventory space.  Oh and did I mention you have to buy the inventory space?- Flying navigation.  Maybe it's just me and maybe my mouse is too sensitive but flying is a pain in the rear at times, I can't tell you how many times I got motion sickness just from trying to fly straight!- Not worth the hype.  I was looking forward to exploring space and maybe finding other people like they said could happen in this game.  Maybe get into extreme battles in space with other players like it was mentioned before.  None of that has happened or will happen apparently.-If you want to check it out then I would wait for the game to go on sale-----I will continue to play to check out other planets because exploring is fun but I can't recommend this game right now  it was way over hpyed----"
,Not Recommended,275850,25091931,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Porpoise,"Personally I found the game to be quite fun during the time I spent playing it, however while the game was kinda worth the money, there is absolutely no excuse for the falsehoods the game was sold on.On /r/NoMansSkyTheGame there is an amazing list of content, features and mechanics that were promised (With links to the sources, E.G interviews with the developer) that are either extremely lacking in depth or have been just outright removed from the game without any explanation at all.While I did enjoy the game, I honestly wish I refunded it within the first 2 hours of playing because I almost feel ashamed that I have spent full triple A price on a game of this standard that isn't even comparable to what was advertised which was the reason the game was so hyped up and even remotely successful. In its current state, the game is practically an early alpha build, or perhaps even just a tech demo. And a really bad one at that.Of course, you can just blame the hype. The game would never have lived up to the expectations people had for it, but there is still absolutely no excuse for the lies that Hello Games and Sean Murray threw out that caused people to have such high expectations in the first place.However due to the lack of communication from the developers and Sony, we can't exactly point fingers yet as there hasn't been any explanation as to why these things have happened.If you want to buy the game and support the unethical and dishonest practices of Hello Games, Sean Murray and Sony, then go ahead. The game is kinda fun in its current state provided you don't mind paying £40/$60 for a less than £15/$20 experience.If you want a similar game and you want to support a developer that does everything No Man's Sky SHOULD have done, then check out Elite Dangerous. And obviously look in to Star Citizen which is building up incredible hype and even now it is living up to that hype in a way No Man's Sky ever has or ever will.http://www.onemanslie.info/the-original-reddit-post/*EDIT 02/09/2016*There's currently a lot of controversy going around surrounding Steam's response to this whole issue. People aren't getting refunded outside of Steam's policies, which, based on legal regulations in most countries (including my own) are well within reason. Put simply, you cannot sell a product that is not what was advertised, and No Man's Sky is a very good example. All it takes is 10-15 minutes of research, watching trailers and interviews to find out that this game was sold on false promises and blatant lies.For those enjoying the game that can't understand all of this hate and controversy;Good. Have fun. That's what games are for. But us, the people that were fed these lies, and bought this game based on these lies, we shouldn't stand for it. It's a pretty basic principle; You should get what you payed for, and what was advertised/marketed.The developers have been totally silent for over a week now, and they hardly even give us patch notes. Let alone an explanation for all the missing content, and issues.But worst of all, Steam are cowering behind their 'policies' so they don't have to deal with this. And as a result they're disregarding us, their loyal customers that use this service.Join the ""Operation NMS Refund"" Discord server here:https://discord.gg/JWC4hkFWe have well over 100 current users that are in the same boat, open to discussing this issue, and helping eachother get the refunds they're entitled to.Don't buy this game. Don't support fraud. Although maybe bait-and-switch is a more reasonable term to describe this garbage."
76561198096462370,Not Recommended,275850,25189239,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,mary jane,This game is great. But it just dies too quickly.
76561198017559275,Not Recommended,275850,25975970,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Shaak Gi,"Over hyped, glitchy and WAY overpriced. This is a $10 game with a $60 price tag."
,Not Recommended,275850,25974351,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,SLO7H,"Developer lied.It took many hours to actually get started, and then it was too late to refund.The start ""tutorial"" and how to progress was bad.I mean. The game is a bit fun, but it is not worth this much money.The ending is terrible.You will seriously rage a ♥♥♥♥ton!"
,Not Recommended,275850,26209428,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,kymmenentuhatta,"no content,extremely repetativeevery planet was ""inhabitable""every planet has basesit is the same same same♥♥♥♥♥♥cant believe i pre ordered iti hope the developer gets a class action lawsuit and suffers unimaginable financial harm because this is so falsely misadvertisedyou are better off donating to a nigerian prince because that is a better investment"
,Not Recommended,275850,25247443,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Facetious,"I hear it didn't live up to expectations. I didn't have high hopes in the first place, regardless I am very dissapointed in the gameplay and content."
,Not Recommended,275850,25247576,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Frank,"I'll start this off by saying that I've been pretty hyped for this game since I saw a preview over 2 years ago. But alas, this game is pretty disappointing after you go trough 3-4 systems. 90% of every planet you'll visit is a copy and paste with a different color palette applied to the ground and the skies. That's it. All there is to do after that is grind upgrades, grind money to upgrade more upgrades, and reach the center only to be disappointed. For a space exploration game, there really isn't much to explore after the first 12-15 hours. I kept playing trough it thinking I'd find something new, something interesting, but I didn't. I just wish they'd delayed the game another year to make it how it is in the previews."
76561198063505509,Not Recommended,275850,25381087,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Aquila,"I cannot in good conscience reccommend this game.Misleading marketing, incomplete features, buggy systems, incoherent game mechanics, etc infest this game. While undoubtedly a technical achievement, perhaps this should be better called No Man's Game. I have utterly lost faith in the developer of this game.Of the many things that were hinted at and promised, the only good thing I've appreciated it for is making nice screenshots. This is an unacceptable level of quality for the price of this game.DO NOT BUY"
,Not Recommended,275850,25173448,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,O.J.oreo,"1/2 the stuff shown months ahead of release arent in game, and were never communicated they were ""removed"". Let down"
76561197992736184,Not Recommended,275850,25173336,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Neitherock,"This game has no depth at all. Not worth the money.I bought this game based on all of the awesome features that were sold for the game.  I figured that some of them would get cut, but even if this game launched with 50% of the advertised features, it would have been really cool.  This game launched with ZERO feautres.The entire game is:1) Fly to planet2) Click on things3) Recharge things4) Fly to station5) Click on things6) Fly to next system7) Goto 1There's absolutely no thinking, no strategy, no nothing. The only difference in ships is the number of slots, that's it. Only difference in your suit, number of slots. Only difference in your weapon, number of slots.It would be like if in an MMO every piece of loot did exactly the same thing, but could change the size of your bag to carry things.  What a complete joke.  There's nothing in this game at all that makes it fun. I have a TON of time on those stupid ""cookie click"" type games, those games are more entertaining than this and all you have to do in those games is click on cookies, but at least there's some progression in those games....There is no progression in no man's sky. There's no reason to play the game."
,Not Recommended,275850,25154690,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,ImUhhCaptainXIV,lies. just lies.
,Not Recommended,275850,25613940,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,FnordBear,I gave it a fair shot. 23 hours.I wanted to like it so bad. The ideas and the features it has could have been great.In the end I was disappointed.I have nothing to say that hasn't already been said better other than this game could have been so much more. Now the silence from the developers since the release has told me all I need to know.I wish I could get my money back.
76561197970304246,Not Recommended,275850,25318356,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Vent,"Mostly dead worlds, graphics are not as advertised.  The game crashes constantly"
,Not Recommended,275850,25343829,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,IanMK360,"I preordered this game based on the claims of Hello Games' lead dev, Sean Murray. On release day I found many of Murray's claims to be false, and this supposedly infinite game to be little more than a dull and disappointing tech demo. What little gameplay there is in this clearly unfinished game has been tainted by a terrible inventory system and plenty of other poor design choices. I have refunded this product and would not recommend others buy it, certainly not at £40."
,Not Recommended,275850,26152480,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Kn1ght,Best game I ever refunded!
,Not Recommended,275850,25563440,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Xial,"I couldn't recommend this with a straight face. I've given it time. I spend more time dealing with crashes than I do playing the game. The inventory system is garbage. I'm convinced there's a hidden slot or two for Make Game Crash, and Make OS Crash, since that's all I've been collecting.If you want something spacey, incomplete, and offers landing on asteroids? Go play Rodina. THAT does a better job of space exploration than THIS. It's also significantly more stable."
,Not Recommended,275850,25778245,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Nozomi Ai ­¬,Just don't
76561198015953424,Not Recommended,275850,26101188,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Ermac Scorpion,HOW DOES STEAM STILL ALLOW THOSE TRAILERS AND SCREENSHOTS STILL BE UP HERE!?!?!?!?
76561198034754443,Not Recommended,275850,26194455,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Revan,Not worth your time
,Not Recommended,275850,25230764,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Delushin,"I tried to give it a good crack and even make roleplaying videos about it, I think this is the building blocks to something that could be really good. I am certain that if the developer continues to update and add features then this game will be worth it when on sale.I do not see the value for the price in this product and I think this is my actualy first negative review, not sure there.To be more detailed the first plant you start on (whatever that is for you) is absolutely fantastic, the game draws you and you are really excited to explore this new world. This first time you leave a planet again the same amazing expirence, and there are some really cool things to see and do but it drops off fast.I was really looking for a single player game that I could be fully glued to and I did enjoy making up my own story (well beinging to), it just seems to miss that soul that many indie games have. I just fail to see the price matching the product which is unfortunate.If they had of put this out at $30 I think they would have retained more sales which is better then loosing sales."
76561198055782035,Not Recommended,275850,25336972,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Juufle,What a load of♥♥♥♥♥
76561198000767032,Not Recommended,275850,25337091,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,TOG | Istannas,"Terrible game, bugged out didnt offer what it advertised.And the refund policy is a nightmare to try to get your money back.Dont waste your time with this pile of you know what."
76561198098777690,Not Recommended,275850,24846462,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Dark_Side,The game keeps crashing during the openig scenes. Have yet to even play it.
,Not Recommended,275850,24846610,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,scubagear67,crashes on startup. wait to see if its fixed before buying.
,Not Recommended,275850,25848972,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Kappatron (TSBS),"This games a billion Miles wide, and about two inches deep, I want my money back"
,Not Recommended,275850,25859974,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,ZA WARUDO,"Boring grind, regular crashes, no patches, content for 250 roubles game, that is all that NMS can offer. GIVE MY MONEY BACK!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,275850,26217668,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,SvenBrandt99,Make the game how you said it will!!!
76561198166349629,Not Recommended,275850,26330302,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Cao Cao,I want my money back. If any one has any information on how to do so if you have over 2 hours played please help me out.
76561198119428516,Not Recommended,275850,26560120,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,KineticKill,Worst money I ever spent! Would have rather gave $60 dollars to a homeless man.
76561198079495750,Not Recommended,275850,26005589,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,OZY,Want to know why Sean Murry hasn't responded to all the hate of No Man's Sky?Because when you rob someone you don't stick around for a chat.
,Not Recommended,275850,25325069,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,jshyng,Why the videos on the Steam store page are still there is baffling. Some of that stuff just isn't in the game.Boring garbage.
,Not Recommended,275850,25325160,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Zangetsu,"I recommend that you guys also watch Angry Joe's youtube video review of No Man's Sky. I feel like their video covers the positives and negatives of No Man's Sky way better than I can. Their video doesn't just go over the negatives of the game.After over 50 hours of mining minerals and crafting the same materials to sell, I've finally made 12 million virtual currency just to buy a 12 million credit ship. Is it worth it? NO. Is it worth exploring the planet in No Man's Sky? Not really... I'm trying to get a refund because I realized I had explored all that there was to explore in No Man's Sky right after visiting the next two solar systems (Takes me about four hours just to do that). Of 70% of the time while playing this game, I have been searching for elements nonstop. ""MINING"" is really one of the main features of No Man's Sky. This game is not only about ""exploring"". It's about mining too!!!!!! This is one major issue I have with this game. You have to mine so often to keep your life support active and keep your ship running and have to store up lots of elements to fuel your ship which consumes a lot of storage ship.I kept playing this game for so long and wanted to just quit since I was already pretty bored after playing four hours. I thought that if I just put a lot more time into playing this game I would feel rewarded for new things I thought I haven't explored in this vast galaxy. But after moving to so many different solar systems and planets/moons to find elements and materials to sell, I finally realized that the game did not live up to the developers claims. A major upset that what you find at the center of the galaxy is absolutly frustrating because its NOTHING! Nothing, because all that happens is you'll be lead to another galaxy just to do the exact same things you have been doing all along. you'll just pretty much explore planets and moons that hold elements to mine.I was not happy about certain features the developers left out of the game after claiming them to be in the game. The game trailer did not reflect the final product either. These are some things that initially made me want to play the game. Examples:-NPC Factions-Sand worlds-Ringed planets-Large Fleets-Multiplayer-Rivers-Hacking locked doors-NPCs outside-Asteroid landings-Large fleetsThe game would make you feel like this game is a beautiful game but, sadly that thought only stays for about the first two solar systems I visited."
76561197993840187,Not Recommended,275850,25026406,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Furiant,"It needs more development - a lot more. Aside from all the broken promises and BS, it's just not a very interesting game. It could have been. It should have been. But it's not.I enjoy the game for what it is (when it isn't crashing), but I'll never buy another product from Sean Murray.TL;DRA decent diversion in its own right, for maybe a hundred hoursNowhere near as pretty as the screenshotsA massive disappointment compared to what was promisedFor 100 hours of entertainment I think $60 is a fair price; i'd spend that much in one evening at the pubBut I cannot in good conscience recommend a game marketed with such dishonestyProsPretty, in its own wayShip designs are alright, I guessIt's cool to name stars and planetsSome people hated the writing (lore) but I thought it was alrightThere's a certain mindless upgrade grind that is enjoyable to some folks; this provides that kind of entertainment for a whileConsPerformanceCrashes a lot. Takes 6-8 tries to even launch the thingRuns like a pig on good hardware. Devs say that only 1% of people have any issues ROFLWhoever did the PC port either has never used a mouse/keyboard, or tried to reinvent basic UI conventions. It's a mess, and should go back to the drawing boardFeaturesShallow, which is not inherently bad, unless your game was sold on being deepMany, many features which were promised, and many more which were implied, are not thereFlight mechanics are frustrating, unintuitive, and barely functional18 quintillion planets! You'll see a millionth of a billionth of a percent of them. By your 5th planet you'll have seen 90% of the contentEach planet has a single theme, two or three trees, a few ground animals, a couple of flying animals. Imagine if Earth lookedentirelylike Maryland in autumn, and had 10 life forms that just milled around randomly, not eating or drinking or mating, just walking around. That's No Man's Sky. Planets the size of small counties with a single biome each.No real discovery, because it's all been discovered.Every single star systemhas a station, and is swarming with aliens who got there before you.Every single planetis occupied by other races - carpeted with their structures (and yet no cities anywhere, ever). You don't discover anything. You get to name it.VisualsThose screenshots are carefully crafted, running a build of the game that was not released, on hardware you probably don't have, and thenheavilyPhotoshoppedShip color schemes are random and usually horrific - hot pink and lime green, Fischer-Price red and Playskool yellow... low-quality models painted by a 4 year old. The whole game for me has become the search for a ship that is not quite as ugly as what I haveAntialiasing is awful, even at the highest setting; might as well not exist"
76561198216450637,Not Recommended,275850,26233686,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Chef_Bjorn,ok look at the trailer and look at what you get the trailers are all colorfull and full of action other space ships and it has a rendering distance that is perfect now look at the game you sometimes come across some specks of colour but its mostly dark blue with a couple dots of pink the rendering distance i hilarious and lets not even start about the planets they are all the same with a couple of exeptions of the amount of trees and some dumb animals DO NOT BUY THIS
76561198043525892,Not Recommended,275850,25380084,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Gaunter O'Dimm,That's a good sandbox-ish game with space exploration. Developers say new things will come with the upcoming updates. We'll wait and see. I know there is much hate towards the game due to hype and this is not developers fault but people that kept dreaming about their version of NMS instead of the product. Better computer = Better graphics -> Better gameplay = More fun (Obviously). Planets are vast. I would have preferred smaller planets where you can actually see at least most of the planet. The reason I am giving it a negative is due to price tag. Half of this money MAYBE worth the game CONSIDERING CURRENT CONTENT.
,Not Recommended,275850,25406556,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Brian,"It is absolutely NOT multiplayer, you cannot build anything, it is NOT randomly generated. If you think these are not reason enough not to buy this, consider this: The same guy who made all these promises and didn't deliver, was also responsible for Fable 3....."
,Not Recommended,275850,26114154,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,MusicFox,───────────────────────────────────────────█▀▄─▄▀▄─▀█▀─█─█─▀─█▀▄─▄▀▀▀───────────█─█─█─█──█──█▀█─█─█─█─█─▀█───────────▀─▀──▀───▀──▀─▀─▀─▀─▀──▀▀──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────▀█▀─▄▀▄───────────────────────────────█──█─█───────────────────────────────▀───▀──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────█▀▀▄─█▀▀█───█──█─█▀▀─█▀▀█─█▀▀────────█──█─█──█───█▀▀█─█▀▀─█▄▄▀─█▀▀────────▀▀▀──▀▀▀▀───▀──▀─▀▀▀─▀─▀▀─▀▀▀─────────────────────────────────────────────────▄███████████▄▄────────────────────▄██▀──────────▀▀██▄────────────────▄█▀────────────────▀██─────────────▄█▀────────────────────▀█▄──────────█▀──██──────────────██───▀██────────█▀──────────────────────────██───────█──███████████████████───────█───────█────────────────────────────█───────█────────────────────────────█───────█────────────────────────────█───────█────────────────────────────█───────█────────────────────────────█───────█▄───────────────────────────█───────▀█▄─────────────────────────██────────▀█▄───────────────────────██──────────▀█▄────────────────────▄█▀────────────▀█▄──────────────────██────────────────▀█▄──────────────▄█▀───────────────────▀█▄▄▄──────▄▄▄███████▄▄───────────────███████████████───▀██████▄────────▄███▀▀────────▀███▄──────█─███─────▄███▄─────▄▄▄▄────███────▄▄████▀───▄███▓▓█─────█▓▓█───████████████▀─────▀▀██▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀███████████────█──────────█─▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄█▀█▓▓─────██────█──────────█─█───────█─█─▓▓────██────█──────────█▄█───────█▄█──▓▓▓▓▓███▄▄▄█──────────────────────────────██──────────────────────────────────██───▄███▄───────────────────────────██─▄██▓▓▓██─────────────────▄██████████─█▓▓▓█▓▓██▄─────────────▄██▀───▀▀███──█▓▓▓██▓▓▓█─▄███████▄──███───▄▄████───██▓▓████▓█▄██▀──▀▀█████████████▀▀─────██▓▓▓▓█████▀─────────██──────────────██▓██▓█████──────────███──────────────█████─████───────────███──────────────█─██──███────────────██─────────────────█───██─────────────██────────────────────██─────────────███───────────────────██──────────────███▄▄────────────────███──────────────▀▀███────────────────███───────────────────────────────────███────────────────────────────────
76561198074014941,Not Recommended,275850,26539172,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Kick.Rocks,My friends and I purchased No Man's Sky due to Hello Games false advertising. Specifically but not limited to the multiplayer function of the game that was simply a lie as was so much else in the game.. I hope a lawsuit finds you Hello Games and I hope you have learned not to lie to customers Sean Murray.
,Not Recommended,275850,25861944,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,rvtor.SL,bad
76561198010354666,Not Recommended,275850,25085943,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Ereaper,"Its all a lie dont buy this, steam will not let you return it ever. its all a trap."
76561198032354789,Not Recommended,275850,25237359,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,The DOOMWHEEL™,Felt like a chore to play.Lots of promised features with no delivery.
,Not Recommended,275850,27313113,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MicBuz,Mistake of the year award
76561198033950494,Not Recommended,275850,25395701,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Max_Fury,"Valve, please, give me my money back."
76561198178405607,Not Recommended,275850,25815842,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,BlackMenaceSko 🌙,it's just a bit bland
,Not Recommended,275850,24960971,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,B-but it's so big Onii-chan~,"Probe cosmos in faith—Advertised content absent,I have been fiddled."
76561198137109131,Not Recommended,275850,26467574,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Shmatty,For $60 this was the largest waste of money I've ever spent 4hours In and I was already bored out of my mind. At this point it was a parent that steam would not refund it as I was past 2 hours.
,Not Recommended,275850,25771667,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,ssshhhh,"Wish I could get my money back.  No point to this game, no interaction with friends.  Game was a lie."
,Not Recommended,275850,25213991,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Marius,eehhh I guess the game is starting to develop to something more enjoyable.Still a LONG way to go.
,Not Recommended,275850,25884057,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Jericho8101,"This game didn't live up to the hype - like at all. It not only comes up short on literally every promise that was made, the gameplay that you end up with is mundane as hell and the game is boring, pointless, un-rewarding and just overall a big pile of garbage.Don't waste your money or your time.♥♥♥♥ Hello Games - hope they tank."
76561198255617294,Not Recommended,275850,25884720,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,gcocchi,"I paid $60 for endless enjoyment and exploration, and got a PoS. No exception 1/10 max screw Hello Games for the overhype and who would charge this much for a single player game with virtually no story. Why would steam sign off on this? Applied for a refund 20+ times with no personable response at all. This platform is never getting another cent of my money until I see this refund returned."
,Not Recommended,275850,25413204,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,RocketBearInsomnia,"Even for an indie game, this is close to Tripple♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198035706021,Not Recommended,275850,25747437,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Keks der Weisen,"Well a year has passed and after the updates I gave this game another chance... because somewhere has to be the value of my 60€, right?But sadly it is still far away from beeing worth this much money.If it were 15€ tops, and you want to have a veeeeery relaxed experience, it would be a passable game...At least Hello Games keep on working and are trying to make it a good game, but they have a long way to go still.With the updates you get several purposes to run arround the planets, wich is nice, but they are still barren and boring as hell.This is my main concern with the game. The planets are empty and look all the same!They get several classes, but there is almost no differnce between a ""jungle"" planet and a ""empty"" planet (yes there are planets called""empty"" :) ).All the planets are a eternal grass/savanna plains with some little hills in between. The only thing that changes are the colors, but NOT the plants.There are only a hand full of different plant models and only their color changes.Every planet has only one biom and one landstructure... it would be so great if there were clima-zones arround the planets or at least some landscapes which are a bit more extreme then hills and vallys.So what I'm trying to say is:Lose the eternal Savanna and give me north an soth pole, desserts, jugles (scattering about 50 trees in a square klilometer vally is no jungle), tropical island, mountains, rivers, swamps and so on... and please all on one planet... you know... similar to the one we live on.It does not have to be THAT variant an all the planets... but Mars also has plains, mountains and icy poles...There could be so many variations. And real ailien landscapes too. Then it would be a really great game.A good example for that would be Starbound. They maneged to do something in that direction, but this game has a lot more potential to do so.And maybe some time there will be civilisations living on those planets... a single merchants hub is a sign of civilisation, but... well... you know what I mean :).I hope they keep on working, that some day the game will feel worth the 60€.(English is not my native language, so if you find an error in my whriting, you are free to keep it as a token of my gratitude for reading the review ;) )"
76561198026002503,Not Recommended,275850,26626203,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Juraks,"As much as I might want to reccomend this game there is a reason after getting a new SSD that I didn't bother downloading it again or transferring it over. It's the same reason that this game is still at 12.3 hours and will remain there for the time being; it sucks in the end.The games I like I play for hundreds of hours and occaisionally thousands of hours. No Man's Sky, I'm afraid won't recieve that same attention.Synopsis: It gets repetitive fast, and never loses that very repetition no matter how big/far you get. Some may see that I'm giving away a spoiler somehow, I disagree because the repetition is there from the beginning and I haven't even bothered to complete 5% of the quest. If you're saying,""Well, isn't it like minecraft?"" The answer is, ""No."" You harvest resources, search for blueprints for upgrade, kill some environmentalist robots for taking said resources, upgrade what you can OR sell them at the nearest space station, use what money you can to get various supplies OR possibly buy a different(better???) ship, and rinse and repeat. The quest is meaningless and I'm always one for good story.So, take this with a grain of salt but if I was someone that still had the cash in my hand I wouldn't put it down for game. This is one of the games that has been a major disappointment for this fall, which seems to be a common theme in the latest games: they all suck.***Disclaimer*** : : I am not paid in anyway to provide this honest review. I'm just been quietly waiting for this game to get better or have that one major overhaul to fix it or make it right. And 3/4 months after release there has been practically nothing done to rectify this atrocity. As far as I'm concerned Hello Games has capitalized the Gamer communities yearning for a good Open World Survival game and all it did instead of giving us that sweet Gold standard of a great game was leave us with a piece of Fool's Gold in our hands.P.S. I would totally be behind creating such an award: ""Fool's Gold"" : given to games that are showcased at E3/whatever confrence and look really good so everyone buys in on the pre-orders, then when the game is released and found out that it is not what it was showcased to be they get the reward which is pinned on the title."
,Not Recommended,275850,25243729,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Todd Chavez,Very repetitive and not what was expected in terms of content or performance. Got bored before the two hour mark. Would not recommend.
,Not Recommended,275850,25243658,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,rapt,"This game is a total disappointment.Half the stuff (the important stuff!) they said will be included in the game are missing, and Sean Murray keeps changing his mind regarding the promised features.Wouldn't recommend this game to anyone."
,Not Recommended,275850,25123998,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Stop Ribbiting!,"For me, this is one of those cases where I have a quality amount of time sunk, but still don't think this game is worth it.  I love the exploration, but it's just so shallow in the end.  The last 5-10 hours of my playtime in this game was me really, really trying to find a reason to keep going.  I want to like No Man's Sky more, it feels like a solid foundation for a game... but there's just not enough to see/do.It doesn't take long to have experienced every archtype of planet or collect every piece of tech, and when the exploration itself wears thin, there is literally nothing else.  So, good game, but nowhere near a $60 game.  They need to add a lot more content and/or put it on sale.  Then it will be worth buying.Nomination for the wildcard: It deserved an award for all it failed to deliver on.  That was pretty extreme."
,Not Recommended,275850,27347004,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Juceypoop,Nominated for Most promises broken award
76561198067841766,Not Recommended,275850,25793807,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Chromosome Hunter,I would recommend this game... if only the refund button would work.
76561197965584375,Not Recommended,275850,25720428,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,-=*MISTER*=-,I really thought it was going to be hard to balance life this game and Wow-Legion. This game was not what I was led to belive it would be... some sort of Star Citizin Killer or something.. it wasnt. GG Requested refund. =(
,Not Recommended,275850,25214026,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,logicbashie,its a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game its so repetitieve only the same thing over and over nothing what the developers said
76561198068520584,Not Recommended,275850,25313403,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Audiophile,Update on my refund process. Steam has denied my refund process. gg steam now i have to look in misery everytime i pass it. my money is now forever gone.well iv played on ps4 when it was released then perchased it on pc cause the anticipation. well in those days it was released earlier then pc i basically played the whole game cause well the game honestly is not different only a few things. sorry i did i enjoy this game but i have not wanted to even touch this game again ill have to give it a no as a recommendation. for 66 dollars no. for 10 dollars sure.  knock your 1 day of gameplay out.
76561197967592306,Not Recommended,275850,26189773,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Skatch,Why are these fake images and videos of a game that didn't make it into the final product still up?
76561198105226198,Not Recommended,275850,26468768,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Wizard_Gandorn,"First of all, No Mans Sky had amzing screenshots during its promotion. Everything in the games previews made it look worthwhile.Intro: You starts off with a solid two minute long unskipable slow pan camera intro (which explains nothing.). You then are given nothing to go on as far as what to do other than explore.30 minutes in: Where are the aliens? Why does that creature have buff front legs and sticks for hind legs? The ♥♥♥♥ do i do to get  a better hyperdrive?1 hour in: Why? Why? Why? Why did i already finish the story? (If you can call it that...) Why are there only 3 types of aliens? Why does the black hole break my♥♥♥♥♥♥3 hours in: The ♥♥♥♥ do I do? I've been doing nothing but jumping through star sytems trying to get to the center. Why? Whhhhhhhhyyyyyyyyyyyy? All these planets look the goddamn same...4 hours in: I wonder how much bleach it would take to erase this from my brain...End: (Spoiler Alert) There is no real end... It just pans back from the center and throws you on another planet and breaks all of your equiptment...So in all I played this game and genuinly wanted to like it, but it simply isn't what it said it would be.If you wanted this game, you shouldn't by now. If you do have it, you should try for a refund..."
,Not Recommended,275850,25886671,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,InocentBystander,"I dont Review games, But this game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks. All Lies"
76561197969858375,Not Recommended,275850,25546512,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,JetCow,"Absolutely horrible game. It was my own fault to pre-purchase this title (first time I've done it in my life), however it was mostly due to the incredible hype in the media and my love for the sci-fi/open exploration genre, of which there aren't enough representatives on the market.The game is amazing during the first 2-3 hours. You get dazed by the vastness of the world (i.e. galaxy), travel distances, speed, theoretical possibilities, the music - it all seems like a glorious package. And after those couple hours you realise that's all that the game has to offer.You mine minerals. Your inventory gets full in a matter of seconds (!). You sell the minerals. Eventually you get enough cash to buy a better ship (by ""better"" I mean a ship with a bigger inventory; ships only differ visually, every other feature is identical). Finally you FTL jump to another solar system and repeat everthing anew.The creatures are weird-looking and make no sense. I spent 40 hours playing this turd, exploring dozens of worlds. It's easy to notice that there is a very limited number of ""body parts"" from which the random algorithm chooses to make its monsters out of.The planets have 3 hazards - hot, cold, toxic. These planets also have different colors, mostly green, red and blue. Other than that they are mostly identical.Combat is lacking. Like... lacking everything. Space combat is laughably idiotic.The story and NPC interaction is close to non-existent.Overall? DO. NOT. BUY. THIS. GAME.Don't make the same mistake I did. Just look at the pretty screenshots - they give you all the pleasure and excitement that the actual game does not. The music is the only cool thing in this pile of steaming doo doo.Go and buy yourself a different game, maybe some skins for CS:GO, whichever... just stay clear of this thing.Again - 40 hours invested. I wanted to make sure this game is as♥♥♥♥♥♥as it seemed.It is."
76561197970493135,Not Recommended,275850,25123966,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Cormwyr,"Not recommending No Man's Sky is kind of hard for me right now because I really want to like it. It has a lot of potential to be a really epic game but falls woefully short. I think this can be a fantastic game down the road but I tend to agree with a lot of the points of the professional reviews for why this game isn't great.Ultimately the reason I don't like it is that it's horribly repetitive. There's no real story driving the game. The biggest reason to explore - ""finding"" alien creatures and geological formations, and getting to name them feels like a real chore after the 10th planet and I end up just wanting to skip the process.I hope that after a few revisions and patches this game will be worth my time, and yours if you're reading this, but right now it isn't worth the full asking price. Thankfully, the developers seem to be watching the complaints and comments and listening to them. They seem to be actively developing content catered to those comments.As a final thought, I now agree with an opinion I saw that I had initially dismissed: No Man's Sky, at the time of this writing, feels like a solid Early Access endeavor. It's at a point where a Developer can drum up capital and interest. Is it a ""Final Release""?    No, not yet."
,Not Recommended,275850,25702734,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Frank Horrigan,"The first trailer on the store page includes multiple features this game does not have. the fact that steam has to put a notice about the massive amounts of refunds that were allowed for a brief period of time has been stopped should tell you enough about this game. The developers of this game are completely silent about any future updates. Even though it would seam that developer interviews do not count as advertising and therefor cannot be considered ""false advertising"" legitimate trailers attributed to this game show features that do not exist and the game is considered complete. An honest review from me would give this game a 5/10 because it is a grinding experience that will get a paitent person 30 hours of entertainment. However with the lies and false advertising this game does not deserve a review or even to be sold."
,Not Recommended,275850,25201097,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,xyfly,"Played 9 hours of this game and it is the same thing over and over again, it gets quite boring after a few hours."
76561198060785001,Not Recommended,275850,25475638,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Shaun,"Wrote a Review giving it a Recommendation, I have now changed my mind. The Devs  lied throughout all the years this game was in development, everything they promised is NOT in this game. It is a big game like they said yeah, but after getting to the Centre of the universe. I had to give this a thumbs down. Not spoiling it for all you Adventurers out there. Maybe (hopefully) you will enjoy the ''ending''.This game is ''A Mile Long, but an Inch deep.''"
76561198085819158,Not Recommended,275850,25254343,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Sarkhan,"Best Refund Simulator Ever!If Electronic Arts and Ubisoft decided to make a baby, it would be this game. Just because a small game company can make a game doesn’t mean that they should. What is the point of having 18 quintillion plants when all of them have them same resources, same drones, same structures, same terrain with the exception of 1 or 2 floating islands? I explored many planets and they are not that different from each other. It's mostly just different colors and some wildlife sprinkled throughout. There is no real reward in this game either. The world is too saturated with technology that it doesn’t take long before you find the same one over and over and over and over again. Hello Games should have spent more time developing more resources, foliage, lighting, technology, and rewards than writing an algorithm that generates so many planets. I would rather have 100 well developed and individually customized planets than 18 quintillion planets each as hollow and similar as the last. Get your priorities straight. I'm just waiting for Hello Games to announce DLCs for 20 to 40 bucks a pop just to make the game what it should have been from release. If there are no DLCs and this is supposed to be the full game, I must have missed the punch line. However, in the end, despite my game time, Valve took care of me . So kudos to Valve's Customer Service."
76561198045945954,Not Recommended,275850,25254340,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,gilthan3,Too many features were promised and not delivered. This game does not appear to be anywhere near complete. It feels like an alpha pre-release Indie game.
76561198138600399,Not Recommended,275850,25366466,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Trash,its bad
76561198099579107,Not Recommended,275850,25434311,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,kalmorphon,"I unfortunately, like many other people, got on the hype train for this game and I tried to get a refund about a week ago but haven't recieved any pending money in my wallet or a refund decline. I love space and exploration of it, but this game killed that love with clunky controls and inumerable crashes."
,Not Recommended,275850,26225081,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,ABstract,"It looks promising but was just excellently marketed.  The steam policy states you can only get a refund if you played for less than 2 hours which is not enough time to realize how recycled the content gets (ex.different colors, not huge species variety).  Exploration is nice and the concept is very solid but the execution is poor.  Do not buy this game as is."
76561198204357963,Not Recommended,275850,26263737,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,STFU,Waste of time and allot of money!
76561197989399073,Not Recommended,275850,27355250,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Tęa Mastęr,Refund of the Year
76561198064066543,Not Recommended,275850,25404506,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,s-dog879,"Valve doesn't care if you get scammed for items, they don't care about everyone who got scammed by Hello Games either. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯"
,Not Recommended,275850,25468067,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Im An Upset Bear,dont buy
76561197990258343,Not Recommended,275850,26336449,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,BlackScorpion,"Well, the WOW effect lasts a while, for sure... but after a few hours of playing, you understand fastly what's going on: nothing. Planets even if not EQUAL, they are 99% SIMILAR each other. No rings, no nebulars, nothing exciting at the end. It kept me up around 59hours, yes.... but most part grinding into the center of the universe.... and.. even once there, well, BIG disapointment. No really, that's unacceptable.It's a no-death game... to as you don't really control your vessel, and on any 'dangerous' planet when a storm rises, just dig a hole to replenish yourself (a few seconds) and run to your ship or into the next cave or self digged hole to replenish!!!! No come on..... unacceptable to, NO CHALLANGE AT ALL!If you weren't in the HYPE and you expectation isn't too high, let's say, you don't have any expectation, then it'd be fine. Otherwise: hands-off!!!!!!"
76561198231615352,Not Recommended,275850,26264013,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,sambraham12,its a trap!
76561198060493577,Not Recommended,275850,25158857,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,LeYuno,"I went in without any previous knowledge about the game other than the notion that it was an exploration game in space. I saw an E3 presentation years ago and I figured I would see what the hype was about.I ended up enjoying the game for the first few hours, but then realised the game was extremely simple and I strongly feel it's not worth its price at all. Performance is poor, ship controls are annoying and you need mods to actually have any sort of fun after the first few hours.After realising how dumbed down this game felt I went online looking for more info and it appeared that the game was supposed to have a way more in depth gameplay structure than it has. There's no warring factions, there is no multiplayer (you can't ""meet other players""), the randomness of everything seems very shallow (seeing the same plants over and over on every planet is not random!) and there is no huge scale space battles like in trailer.If I had known that a lot of the features that were supposed to be in the game were cut, and the gameplay was over simplified, then I would not have bought this. It feels more like an unfinished early access game than a 60 euro premium AAA title.The trailer on the front page still features all of these and it seems to me that this is false advertising.In the end all you do in the game is try to upgrade your exosuit, your mining tool and your ship, and doing so by mining items (which is extremely tedious). For which you need the upgraded exosuit, mining tool and ship.. So by the time you finish upgrading these things, you have nothing left to do in the game.Would not recommend since it is a bland, half baked version of what is portrayed in the previews and interviews."
,Not Recommended,275850,27296125,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,mr.J,"Just nominated for ""best liars"" for the steam awards."
76561198016039743,Not Recommended,275850,26361831,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,JS_2000,"dont buy, waste money"
,Not Recommended,275850,25512757,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,SketchySituation,"I enjoyed it while it lasted, however... once you have max Multi-tool, max Exosuit, max Ship, it well, there is nothing else to do. I know the developers want it to be an exploration game but quite frankly, I get on a planet and the entire thing looks the same. There is no need to walk over that mountain because it's going to look exactly the same as the present side. There is nothing special about any of the planets and ""First Person to Explore That System? Really?"" There are aliens on every planet!Currently steam says it’s an action and adventure game, however ‘crafting’, ‘endless mining’ and ‘survival’ need to be added to that list -Insert Deadpanned Look-.I would be happy if the price weren’t $80AUD. For that price, I would expect more gameplay than what was added (Especially since there seem to be quite a few relatively important things missing).Things I would like to see/change (That I can think of right now):- Better waypoint tracking and ability to create waypoints and KEEP THEM THERE (note the caps).- Better universe map navigation/controls for PC users.- - The current system might work ok using a controller but one slight accidental nudge of the mouse sets the map moving to the next waypoint. Also, it’s difficult to find systems I came from since -COUGH- waypoints suck -COUGH-.- - - Let’s say for example I have the atlas waypoints activated, while on a waypoint the box describing the system is open… as in it’s ALWAYS open. It blocks the little (sometimes hard to see) lines connecting the systems showing me where I need to go. I can’t effectively look around that system without closing the box. The problem is, to close the box I have to go to free explore mode which means the little lines disappear and I can’t find where I need to go anymore anyway! Not to mention: Read the above point about the mouse movement and how easy it is to accidentally change the current system you’re hovered over effectively and completely making it super difficult to find your way around without closing and reopening the map to set your location.- Ability to fly lower. Currently flying along planets is frustrating since you can’t get low enough to aim your ship where you want and I found myself missing the targets. Plus, it's kind of boring... I want to fly UNDER those arches not be pushed up over them. If I want to hit the ground and crash my ship, then let me! What if I want to tip my ship vertically so I know I REALLY have my landing location on-point.- Option to turn off ""Cinematic Black Bars” as it disables certain functionality like being able to open or interact with things (WTF? – Can I say that in a review?) Every. Single. Time. I get an achievement and speak to an alien (no... go NEAR an alien) it appears. I've never encountered a game where I want to NOT get an achievement or NOT interact with NPCs just to avoid this. I will literally skirt around the edges of an alien base just to avoid going into that most horrific NPC black bar radius.- Ability to quickly interact and skip the annoying delay the animations create when interacting with an NPC. This isn’t an issue the first 10 times you interact but after about 30 times it starts to get reeEeeEaly reeEeeEaly annoying waiting around for the text to appear. I just want it to pop up instantly. Why do I have to wait?- More things to do like ship building (AKA Mothership) and the ability to have multiple ships on the mother ship. If I could build my own ships using resources and parts I have collected and stored in my motherships inventory that would be awesome. Plus, it would add more gameplay! Wonderful.- - MAYBE: Equal merchant balancing. I recall hearing you could become a merchant and never have to encounter a planet, however, it seems as if it’s ALWAYS, buy high, sell low. Why is it that when I sell something I get stuff all for it but when I want to buy it, it costs me an arm and a leg! Last time I checked merchants buy low sell high. Ever heard of a pawn shop? What is it like 80,000u to sell an Atlas Stone but 2,000,000u to buy one?- Let me pull out my weapon when inside one of those abandoned buildings because… curly arm things that damage you when you get within a certain radius. I hate not being able to defend myself against them.- MAYBE: Why don’t I get money for my ship when I change? Or get a discount based on how much my ship is worth? If I bought a 45 slot ship for 80,000,000u and was about to buy a 48 slot ship for 100,000,000u don’t you think I should get compensation for that 80,000,000u ship I just lost?Look… There are more issues, like the animals pretty much looking the same with variations after a while (Planets do this too) etc. but ultimately, the developers wanted an exploration game, without considering the fact that exploration in itself is boring without things to drive that exploration.Getting to the centre of the galaxy… is just grinding, the whole game is grinding. I LOVE survival and crafting games but like any good game unless there are a variety of things to do… there is no reason to play. The exploration should have been a complimenting factor, a result of the gameplay and goals of the game, not the main focus. Unfortunately for Hello Games, the gameplay and goals of the game are lacking.As of right now, I would not recommend this game."
76561198094781649,Not Recommended,275850,25514486,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,kuppensNL,"It is the virtual realisation of lies, lack of gameplay, overpricing and boringness. lots of people on the hype-train didnt make it and will never get their 60 dollars/euro's back. The ones who did make it of are traumatised by the pure lies of Sean Murray. Pre-ordering isnt that bad, just make sure you are 100% sure you want it.Compared to this, COD infinite warfare doesnt seem as bad and stupid anymore."
,Not Recommended,275850,25158772,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Kota Fox,"couldent even get it to work, in its current state i dont reccomend it, the devs really need to fix it because the concept thats there is pretty solid, it has alot of potential but the devs really screwed the pooch on this one"
76561197980136129,Recommended,275850,28106309,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Yes,"The game was boring and repetative, everyone♥♥♥♥♥♥on it and got refunds, press tore the devs a new ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. But then instead of cutting and running they decided to overcome their bad situation and kept developing the game.The result is the first of many updates; The Foundations Update. This update adds sooo much to the game,-New resources-New modules-A base building system-The ability to purchase a freighter and upgrade it-Several bug fixes, and moreWell done guys, and thank you for not abandoning us. Great new content :)"
76561198039951305,Recommended,275850,30454645,Posted: 11 March,all,Agent_Dark_Booty,"Did they mess up? Yes. Did they mess up big time? Yes. Did they abandon the project due to severely negative feedback? No. While I agree with most of the criticism this game received at launch, I also can't help but feel that it is a common criticism given to other major title releases. *Cough* The Division *Cough* Watch dogs *Cough*This is a common opinion when something big is released. They were ambitious and I don't think that should be looked down upon. Instead, I think we should look at what they gave us and what they continue to give us, a massive procedurally generated universe that is nearly unparallelled in similar titles, updates that make exploring easier and customization to make the game our own.Was this game a flashy, modern title with bells and whisles? No. At its core, this is a game for explorers whos only desire is to continue searching. This may not appeal to many gamers, but there is a zen in its simplistic approach. Don't try to make this game something that it isn't and therefore criticize it. I happily accept what this game is and what the developers were going for. Although they screwed up pretty bad at the beginning, there is heart in the way that they are trying to redeem themselves and that is a game company that cares about their product. I doubt that we will get what was promised, and maybe accepting that makes me an idiot, but I can't deny that I get some enjoyment out of exploring that chief mechanic and theme that this game was meant to show. In the end, it's worth playing, but like all games, never buy it at full price."
,Not Recommended,275850,24986914,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,ABYSS ЯЭΛVЄR,"I was waiting this game during years. This is the worst disappointment with a game since my first game in a Spectrum ZX128k. The difference with games like ""Boundless"" is that games were announced as ""Early Access"" and this game is supposed to be completed and finished... seriously? This is the content you, ""Hello Games"" (Sean Murray), promised to the players 3 years ago? No HD textures, no online, fake randomization with minimum procedural algorithm. Sean Murray, this is a FULL INFINITE BUCLE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥for be waiting your project during 3 years. The worst scam in history of the videogames."
,Not Recommended,275850,25192971,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Christmas Lunch,Throw it in the trash!
,Not Recommended,275850,24987941,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Mukiyo,WASTE OFF MONEYDONT CRY DONT CRYBUT MAMA THE PROMISESSHUT UP BOYMAMA PLEASE NO...............
,Not Recommended,275850,24999750,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,ColleX,"Don't buy this game, it is absolutely not worth its triple A price.It's full of lies. Tons of features, Sean Murray promised us, are missing, the biggest one is a multiplayer.Overhyped with zealous fanboys, reaching the religion level of madness.If you are looking for a detailed review I recommend you watching the TotalBiscuit's one:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JCG9YLeIB98"
,Not Recommended,275850,25106048,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,merp,♥♥♥♥ this game.  Never pre-order anything.
76561198024088565,Not Recommended,275850,25096147,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Aremos,"Where to begin.The game in it self is kind of fun. You fly around in space, exploring new worlds, finding unknown life forms.It is rather entertaining, at first. But then it stops being fun.You warp across lightyears, to find the same planets, over and over again. The plants look alike, the animals look alike. Everything looks the same where ever you go. Just to get a new spaceship you can farm for days, either finding crashed ships and repair them, or farm stuff to sell, so you can buy one.When you finally get a new ship, you can farm for days again, så you can upgrade it. YOu allso find new tech along the way, but after a few days playtime, everything you find, you have allready found.Another thing it lacks is a storyline. In short there ar none. There is a route called ""The Atlas"" that proberbly shuold have been a storyline, but its does not have any missions, quests, or anything. Its just zip round space a find these atlas things.In the end i cannot recommend this game for 59.99€There simply are not 59.99€ worth of game in it.Its endless farming for no aparent reason. No storyline, with no rewards.It needs more, and it feels more like a beta, than the released game.They should have made a storyline, fight the evil and get a new ship, weapon, or something.No doubt the game has potential, but needs a lot of wotk, and new things. Hopefully, they have them ready, and hopefully, they are not gonna go total payday, and demand money for every little addition the the game.Hello games call me if you need ideas. I have a lot of them."
,Not Recommended,275850,25084145,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,[sxr]ankenyr,I cannot really recommend for the price. Maybe if it was on sale for 10 bucks. Lots of broken promises. Maybe they will save it with some patches but I have my doubts.
,Not Recommended,275850,25229818,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Wes,Game is slow and sluggish causing issues playing at any resolution. Patches have not fixed the issues with my GTX750ti + i5-3450 processor.Wouldn't avise purchasing this game
,Not Recommended,275850,25231930,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Benjilamno,"It's not good, or fun. And that's what games are meant to be."
,Not Recommended,275850,25070713,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,fxxk7692,"Do not buy this one,buy empyrion instead"
76561198029685690,Not Recommended,275850,25208865,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Subraumstimulator,I returned it after 2h playing. It's not worth the money. Gets boring very fast.
76561198034881378,Not Recommended,275850,25208900,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Eckilla,Look at post release youtube videos of this game before you buy it
,Not Recommended,275850,25360264,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Kerpat,Didn't have what was promised like multiplayer and big space battles
,Not Recommended,275850,25165788,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,S_666,"It's boring:- Played 30 hours and never came across a unique/interesting planet, they mostly all look the same.- Space combat is pretty lame- For some reason any hostile creatures I came across all looked the same (Space Crabs)- Farmed for atlas pass v2/v3 only to find out that nothing of value is behind those doors.- Nothing in the center of the galaxyIf hello games were honest about what was in this game and sold it for £15 then this would be a good review but its just not worth £40 and I did not get what was advertised to me.EDIT: Just a quick edit for the steam awards badge since I nominated it fot the biggest failure of 2016"
,Not Recommended,275850,25617197,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,TheSpookyArchitect,"I hate the way it runs on pc. One-sided space battles. No forest planets(yet). Lack of gameplay and different things(they all look similar and most are hstile). And on top of that, THE DEVS ABANDONED IT! I MEAN IT ISN'T WORTH 60 DOLLARS IF THIS IS THE LAST VERSION! So if you plan on getting this game, wait. If you have it, how can you refund it?"
76561198068945568,Not Recommended,275850,25125825,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Mr_SpecialNeeds,i played the game for a day and a half..  then i realized it doesnt get better..  should i return it?
76561198059742542,Not Recommended,275850,26589441,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,D@rthG@rth,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░No Mans Sky▐▄▄▄▀░░░we all know this game was a money grab
,Not Recommended,275850,26129019,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,MMAN,"This game sucks, dont buy it.Bait and switchdont buy anything from the developer.dont buy any game that Sean Murray is part of ever again!"
,Not Recommended,275850,25421272,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,WrinkledPiglet,$60 for a tech demo.
76561198080107445,Not Recommended,275850,26561427,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Hienzenbergers,The game is not even close to what is advertised. After 30 minutes of gameplay you will have seen and done everything the game has to offer. After those 30 minutes you will find yourself repeating the same tedious tasks on other (very indifferent) planets.The flight isn't even excited with the game practically flying the ship for you.No Mans Sky is One Mans Lie.
,Not Recommended,275850,25333842,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Unit020,This game makes Batman Arkham Knight at launch look good.
76561198072002396,Not Recommended,275850,25225844,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Nigelkarp,"Where do I start with this game, I suppose just plain and simple it is just complete garbage.The plantets all seem to be very similar with almost no difference with the plant life and the animals they just seem to be differnt mixes of the same 3 or 4 animals no infinite possibilities just the same thing with slightly different pigments of colour."
76561198228365160,Not Recommended,275850,25338996,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,thet3rr0rist,trash dont buy
,Not Recommended,275850,25439965,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Polly,Hideously repetative
76561197961214862,Not Recommended,275850,25491927,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Tabris81,"I was attracted by the idea of this immense universe to explore, but after some hours of game I saw how many things were to much repeated, even if space should be variety and discovery.The concept of so many outpost, bases in each planet makes them boring at last, the variety of animals shows soon a scheme of repetition.I would love it with lesser life and more planets of more types, a wider variety, even because, let's say it, the exploration and the finding of something of rare is more sattisfing of evening so much immediatly.Even exploring many system before finding a single manufact or a single life form would be more nicer."
76561198258863548,Not Recommended,275850,25184175,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Spyghetti,"This is a terrible game. When you first load it up, and get past the 5 minute intro sequence (seriously?) you have a 90% chance of landing on a wasteland with none of the things you need to start up your ship.Once you get into space, you will start noticing a horrible fps drop. It's fun for a little bit, but then it gets boring and repetitive. Selling materials for units, grinding for ships, and all that junk.If you choose the path of the Atlas, a bit later on in the game you will be treated with 'Atlas interfaces'. You will meet the atlas, who is a big ball of red mass the first time you meet it, and the more you do, it becomes stranger and stranger things. It will give you a stone, and the way to another atlas station.One pro about this game is the space anomalies, that you will randomly find throughout the (Universe? Galaxy) which will guide you and give you materials and such.You will then travel to another interface, and collect the stone. After you get 10 stones (Spoliers! Do not read ahead of you want to play this game yourself!) you will birth a new star, and begin your very long and very repetitive journey to the center.This is as far as I got in the game, and as you can see, it's very boring and not fun.Also, in the E3 trailer, they promised lush big planets, great big sandstorms, giant dinosaurs, enormous sand snakes, and much, much more. All we have now are crappy planets, with animals that are unbelievably short and have dinosaur-like heads. None of this is in this terrible game, and I have requested a refund.TL;DR, don't buy."
76561198114904296,Recommended,275850,34205735,Posted: 12 August,all,Zandatsu,"This update... yes... we're not there yet, but this update is good.-Planets look SO MUCH more interesting (I can see obvious differences)-New elements and whatnot-The new story, while I'm not done with it yet, is so far very well written (I don't like it though, not in a 'this is a♥♥♥♥♥♥story' way... I won't spoil any part of it)-The new HUD's are great, especially in your ship-Combat is much nicer-Exploring is actually interesting since the planets are vibrant and will more than likely be detailed with things like trees and animals (i've already made numerous jumps between systems and have consistently found life teeming planets with gorgeous scernery)-The galaxy map is just so much cleaner-The new terrain tool is fun, but ♥♥♥♥ing hell is it expensive to run-and of course, FINALLY multiplayer... should have been here in the beginning as it was CONSTANTLY spoken about in interviews and♥♥♥♥♥♥ but hey, it's here now albeit in a basic as hell formI do recommend this game now. It's just so much better than when it first came out... like wowAnd hey, it's on sale for $23... that is BEYOND worth it. The game isn't worth $60.. i'd say $40. So $20 is a steal right now."
,Not Recommended,275850,25563095,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,reNN^ -,"DO NOT BELIEVE MINIMUM SPECS.I brought this game and literaly cannot play it on my own computer even after checking i had well over the minimum requirements.I actualy dont know how this is legal seeing as its unplayable and cashes when i try to open it.Obviously if i knew it would not run, i wouldnt have brought it.All hours played on my friends 3000$ gaming rig and now i have a redundant game in my libary."
76561198193446634,Not Recommended,275850,25038061,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,CaptainYeahYeah,"I was talked into this game by my friends, but after 104 mins of gameplay i still havent got to the game! just contuinous loading screens. waste of time."
76561198103183563,Not Recommended,275850,25193938,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,lol,Wow so many you are refunding.
,Not Recommended,275850,25175269,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,EntRolleD,"OMG, this game gets boring very fast.Don't waste your money on this pile of ****.False advertising in its most, and the lags are intense."
76561197965557941,Not Recommended,275850,25388570,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,-|V|- Bootown,"Unfinsihed not worth $5, let alone full retail.Like how Steam had to post this on the games main hub.""The standard Steam refund policy applies to No Man's Sky. There are no special exemptions available. Click here for more detail on the Steam refund policy.""This alone tells you what you need to know. They know its unfinished and broken, yet they do nothing.ETA till class action?"
76561198074167111,Not Recommended,275850,25417173,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Za_hunter,This game was horribly falsely advertised and it is not at all what i wanted from the game not to mention its not even a full game its more like a 60 dollar indie game
,Not Recommended,275850,25865924,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Ducko,It has worse reviews than bad rats.Wish i could refund.
,Not Recommended,275850,25908656,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,z s a s z,"Spent over 30 hours on the game, got most achievements, haven't played it in over 2 months."
,Not Recommended,275850,26476350,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,BigPhil,Thank god for Refunds...11/10 will not pre order again.
,Not Recommended,275850,25918597,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Vidi-kun,I NEED REFUND!♥♥♥♥♥THIS GAME NOT EQUIVALENT TO MUCH
76561198078880503,Not Recommended,275850,25237326,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,commodore commander,Absolute waste of money. I payed so much for nothing. Watched the discussions about the game and pre-ordered... The deveolopers lied about the majority of the content as well as the entire premis of the game. there is nothing at the center of the galaxy! WTF. I want my money back.
76561198130655140,Not Recommended,275850,25121999,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Dragon of the Rest,I pre-ordered the game after finding out about all the cool features and it crashes every time I try to start it up.
76561197984240790,Not Recommended,275850,25300189,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Clockwork Angel,"Missing most of the features promised, extremely simplistic, and repetitive as hell. I decided to stick it out for a few hours longer then I was comfortable with just to see if it might get better, well I'm here to tell you it ♥♥♥♥ing doesn't. What you're doing in the first hour is exactly what you're doing in the 9th hour.The worst part? Steam won't give me a refund for this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥now! Save your money and move along, this isn't the game you're looking for."
76561197977769388,Not Recommended,275850,25029826,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Noobzor.ch,"Jumped 5 times. Fought against limited inventory. Game stutter with a i7 6700 + gtx980ti. Lots of promised features are missing. ""yes you can land on asteroids"" No you can't you liar. 4/10, would not recommend."
,Not Recommended,275850,25202146,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Vega,No Skies Man.
,Not Recommended,275850,25036979,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,alexgp,"Holy crap! I never saw a ground and specially a space combat so POORLY implemented im my life. This game is the biggest let down of the year, that's for sure! I hope at least the developers take a sense of honesty and add the things they promised with so fierceness when they were trying to sell us this."
76561198320397829,Not Recommended,275850,25187953,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,sayykay,This upset me
,Not Recommended,275850,25085233,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Wrecks,"Edit as of patch 1.35.  Gave the game another two hours to see if it's any better.  It's not.  Space combat/flying, which you do far too frequently, sucks horribly.  Controls are terrible and it completely disregards what you tell it to do.  Everything you do is a chore.This game is still a complete waste of money.----------------------------------------------------------If the game were $20, or even $30 I'd say support this small dev team.  The game is shallow and short lived but it's an enjoyable experience for the entry fee.At $60 the game is shallow, short lived, and for that much money there are tons of other games with so much more contnet and engagement.I didn't have the performance or playability issues others experienced.  I did however eperience all there is to care about in the game in under 7 hours.There is no surval aspect of the game.  Unless you consider inventory management an aspect of survival.  Then for you, this can be considered a survival game.  In which case, you'd be better spending your $60 at Ikea, or the Container Store.  Then it's like the most realistic VR game you've ever played, with no system requirements or additional investment.There is absolutely no reason to replay through NG+.  There is nothing new, different paths to take or even enhanced difficulty.  It's identical to restarting the game anew, but you have to fix twice as much stuff."
,Not Recommended,275850,25080060,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,nick india,"This game WAS my favorite game of all time, until it deleted my 8 hours of progress."
,Not Recommended,275850,25743263,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,George St. Geegland,Can I just get a decent space exploration game instead of lies? That'd be great.
,Not Recommended,275850,24986881,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,fear-mantis,I figured hey this could be a cool open environment game. The mechanics behind it are cool and it's huge. But That's about all it has going for it. Honestly I'm surprised this game worked at all with the small team that built it. So hats off to them for building something like this. But ultimately this game is just unplayable. I mean in a sense that after the initial fascination it just becomes repetitive and boring. I played a couple hours and after 4 crashes just started screwing around with a trainer and did what ever I wanted because at that point anything I did was just crashing and lost so whatever. So I think I'm done with this game. If this studio brings their horizons into focus maybe they'll have an amazing game in the future. But right now. No.
76561198015358068,Not Recommended,275850,25172720,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Body shot bandit,"This game has to be the worst consoal port if the world. I managed to play 22 hours of this♥♥♥♥♥♥ the first 12 was on lauch day. I would love a refund, or sell it for less money.With steams horrilbe designed refund policy I cant get my 60 dollers and the months i waited for this peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥game to be realsesed. I have not once seen a giant snake or rhiano looking thing going threw trees. I hope the person who designed this game loses all his money becomes homeless and eaten by hungry cats."
76561198049407261,Not Recommended,275850,25172607,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,silversword137,"Just re-watching the trailer pisses me off because it is NOTHING like the finished game at all. I realized this 3 hours in, past the cut-off for a refund. Now I am stuck with No Man's Sky (not actually a bad game, but not what we were promissed, and NOT worth $60) and a $60-sized-hole in my wallet. Now, I suppose that I am just supposed to wait and see what they fix and what they add. The only time that I would recommend this game is when it is on sale for $10-$20."
,Not Recommended,275850,25235212,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Harambe,"Crashes all the time and suffers from clipping from hell really want my money back from this it is an awful game and there are many other better indie games at 20 dolor range i didnt start seeing the crashes until about 2.5 hours in past the ""refund period"" it wasn't even worth playing for more than the release week it has since been uninstalled from my system likely to never to be played again this was the true definition of disappointment"
,Not Recommended,275850,25235237,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Jaco,"There are alot of good things about this game, the visuals, the sometimes breathtaking views, the vastness of space. But thats sort of where it ends. Theyve painted this beautiful painting, but it doesnt tell a story. Its like going to the grand canyon, you look at it in awe, you think, ""thats pretty cool looking, there must be 18 quintillion rocks out here, no two rocks the same.""But after you explore for a couple hours, you realise how boring it is. Theres 18 quintillion different rocks, but you cant really do anything cool with them. Just walk around, and look at rocks...Actually, Now that i think about it the grand canyon is cooler, atleast there you can look at rocks with your friends.-I do not reccoment this game in its current state, unless you enjoy spending sixty dollars to look at scenery and rocks."
76561198004325763,Not Recommended,275850,25096576,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,PIPNAX,"I dont blame the Devs for this but purely Sony who hyped this game to the extent of a tripple A title, if this had been marketed for what it actually is an impressive indie game and priced appropriatly then my views may have been swayed and once more we Pc gamers have been given an awful port its so blatently designed for a console limiting the game to 30fps on startup ,tiny FOV designed to be looked at from a couch , an entire game about exploring and gathering rescources from other planets yet we are given an inventory the size oh a rats rear end making the game very tedius. So in conclusion my view on the game is Phenominal concept poorly executed."
76561198034575189,Not Recommended,275850,25174876,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Rain Spell,"I thought I could get something out of this game if I treated it kind of Zen and took it slow and steady. I tried to name plants, animals, and planets with a lot of thought. Sure I was only playing maybe half an hour to an hour a night, but it was entertaining enough. (probably best to get it on sale though.)Today I found out that the names you create are deleted after 2 weeks. Your planet/system names are safe, but Meanyface Crab and Giant Deer Zebra will be lost to the void. Today I uninstalled, because that was the straw that broke my back."
76561198049409769,Not Recommended,275850,25198074,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Greysen,"Not what the developers promised, repetitive gameplay and terribly optimized, terrible game 100% not worth 60 euro"
76561198195693222,Not Recommended,275850,25172723,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,raddels85,This game had alot of hype i watched the vids that IGN where doing in regards to the game and i just kept saying wow it looks amazing was telling all my work mates that this was the game to buy if you liked space sims and recall a youtube vid compaireing it to elite dangerous and star citizen??Now iam not an expert on matters when it comes to perfomance of games and to be honest i dont really put up reviews ether but i needed to let it out. And yes i know i only played 7hrs on it but i dont think you really needed more time on this game i think 1-2hrs is enough.I found the game alot like getting a really big box on Christmas all wrapped up with a big bow on top you get all excited and open it up and its full of cloths from your mum you put on a smile say thank you and then open up your next presant or in this case you play anouther game cause i found this game leave me feeling numb would find more excitment by building a rocket out of cardbourd box and going around my block blowing rasberrys and try and trade my neighbors cat for a penthouse magazine at a 7-11.
76561198033541492,Not Recommended,275850,25217316,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Wax,"The first 2 hours of gameplay is fun and fresh, but anymore time you put in will be simply repeat the first 2 hours. This game had so much promises and so much hope, however, they are lies. They are a stupid undelivered lie which will cost you 39.99. Do not purchase this game unless you like to repeatingly doing the same thing and find joy in it."
,Not Recommended,275850,24986879,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Sorrylol,"the game in it's current state definitely seems incomplete and a bit bland, i have over 40 hours played and my drive to play the game was to get max inventory which i have now earned. At the moment, I'm trying to reach the center of the galaxy and finding it super boring and repetitive with very similar planets. some suggestions that would help the game (in hopefully future patches) are:- more sophisticated weather systems (volcanos, hurricanes, increased water flow for waves and such)- increased field of view to see further away without blur- increased render speeds- multiplayer implementation- increased variety and amount of creatures (they are currently quite rare on each planet i've been to)- sandy planets- more faction immersion (picking sides, and helping in battles and such)The novelty of each planet wears off quick with the lack of uniqueness... if these fixes are made the game would be much better!edit, just wanted to add, this one video right here gave me more enjoyment than 40 hours of game play! enjoy.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RvAwB7ogkik"
,Not Recommended,275850,25129747,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Bænlynn,"There comes a point when more of something ceases to add to the experience of which it is a part. Pretty soon after that, added levels of that something start to detract from the experience. Ultimately, the something which you love drowns the entire experience with its ubiquity and renders any other pieces of enjoyment unpalatable. That pretty much sums up the entire experience of No Man's Sky: Too much procedural generation, too many options, too much universe, too many stars, too much distance. Except, there's a bigger problem here, No Man's Sky presents us with a gigantic universe, full of stuff, and subsequently fails to fill it with anything besides what amounts to furniture.If there was an actual story to be had amidst all this universe, then the fact that you have to make around a thousand jumps (with a fully upgraded hyperdrive) to reach the center of the galaxy wouldn't be so bad. Maybe you could pick up allies along the way. . . join trade convoys headed in the direction you're going, reunite long-lost relatives, help broker peace deals over disputed systems, meet other travellers like yourself (NPCs or otherwise). But, the only entity which is giving out any quests at all (and there's only one, really) is speaking in a foreign language and they don't much like revealing their secrets.Go browse through the available titles under the heading of 'space sim' and play a few from different points along the price spectrum. You will find games ranging from nightmarishly complex to stupefyingly simple, with flight dynamics ranging from artful to 'pig on ice in a blizzard'. You will find gameplay basics ranging from terrific to tedious with out of cockpit sections ranging from full FPS to byzantine menu systems. But whatever the combination of features they have, and however good or bad those features are, most of the titles you'll be looking at will be five years old and more, and there is only one title which is contemporary to no man's sky, and that's the real tragedy here. Unlike so many other space sims I could name, No Man's Sky manages to do everything it does competently, and with its own style. . . Except there is no reason for me to do them aside from 'reach the galacitc core', and I am not going to spend endless weeks traversing an entire galaxy, going through the motions over and over and over again for what turns out to be a gigantic disappointment.I can't declare a planet 'mine' I can't set up my own trading post, heck I can't even flag my favourite systems/planets/landing sites on a map so I can find them again. I can't interact with the natives in any meaningful way, and the 'enemies' may as well be generic cartoon villains for all the sense that they make. In the end: NMS isn't so much a half-finished game as it is a half-finished idea, and that's the biggest tragedy of all."
,Not Recommended,275850,25368424,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Fry The Brain,Pretty poopy.
,Not Recommended,275850,25325193,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,scottgoode,"Garbage, worst $70 every spent. This is at best a $20 game. No Multi Player, Grind, Grind, Grind. I can't explain how bad this is."
,Not Recommended,275850,25055497,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,dtbev,"Firstly, this game wasnotready for PC launch. I almost gave up on it then and wouldn't blame anybody else who did, but I ended up giving it a fair shot.I wanted to love this game but it fails on so many (even basic) levels, which is frustating becuase Icansee the potential.This game wasnt designed for PC; the controls, menus, inventory etc. are clearly designed to be used with a controller, KB+Mouse was an afterthought.On foot the controls just feel a bit 'clunky'. Even after 60 hours it still feels like i'm flying the ship with my feet - it kinda goes where I want, but there's no precision.There are beautiful parts, particulary the skies/space areas, but in general, Maxed out, the graphics are not good, the textures are low res - This may be acceptable for a PS4 game, sitting back from your TV, but when up close to a QHD monitor - it's dissapointing.I don't know where they found the screenshots on store page - but they're not from this game, and it was the beautiful looking environments that got me excited about this game in the first place.And then the gameplay, there's just not much to do. The planets ARE boring. Sure, there are intesting bits here and there but they needed to go further with variation. You end up just passing them by, 18 quintillion and there is no reason/desire to go and explore any of them, it just becomes a chore."
76561198073718935,Not Recommended,275850,25306883,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,MrGrimReaper,18 Quintillion Planets....Not a single Civilization to be found.Make Single Player Game and Market it as Multiplayer....Then tell Players the Galaxy is too big to find other Players.Save yourself the money folks and spend it on a game that deserves the price. Pokemon GO is free and has more to do than this game xD.
76561198032216397,Not Recommended,275850,25584358,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,stevelucent,Very Boring.
76561198028167475,Not Recommended,275850,25162083,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Sovereign,This is not worth $60 for the severe lack of promised and shown content they had. I wouldn't be surprised if they offered♥♥♥♥♥♥as a DLC at this point. Disgusting.
,Not Recommended,275850,26108472,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,MickMuffin,"I feel very cheated out of my money.EDIT: During the period of refunds, I attempted to get my 60$ back but still have yet to recieve it."
76561198044571694,Not Recommended,275850,26233110,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Frank,bad
,Not Recommended,275850,25402283,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Drangid,"I have never played a game that contains more tedious repeditive farming, and I play World of Warcraft.I kept coming back to it, desparately trying to squeeze out more value for my money.  The concept of this game was neat, but the content is as vapid as a free mobile gem swapping game."
76561197980436221,Not Recommended,275850,26417590,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,migestian,Just♥♥♥♥♥♥ Give me my money back ffs
76561197974400108,Not Recommended,275850,25804834,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Piew Piew Soundless laser,Dissapointed
,Not Recommended,275850,25159713,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Dxmmy OG,Could have more fun sitting in a box.
,Recommended,275850,34251954,Posted: 15 August,all,BigAntoni,It's going in the right direction and I got it for free because for some reason I got my money back but I didn't even refund it xd.
,Not Recommended,275850,26295147,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,ReVox,Really Really Bad Game. Sh*t Game. Sh*t Graphics. Sh*t EVERYTHING. Sh*t Story ..... wait what story.... nevermind so not sh*t story? 0/10 -IGN
76561198067422713,Not Recommended,275850,25159009,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Racist Emojis,"It is a great time waster while it lasts, but I am already tired of it."
,Recommended,275850,34201695,Posted: 12 August,all,silver6kraid,"No Man's Sky was terrible at launch. A hollow framework of what was promised. One year later and a few sizeable updates and I can safely say that it is...okay. Hell, maybe even approaching good at times. The game seems to have focus and substance now. While it's still a survival game with lots of crafting and resource gathering I feel like the game is somewhat elevated by the atmosphere and soundtrack. The visual improvements of 1.3 help a lot in that regard. It still isn't a graphical powerhouse but there is genuine beauty in No Man's Sky. The gameplay is also a little better. I feel less pressured to hoard exotic materials. It feels like most of what I need is within my reach. This is aided by slight improvements to the inventory system (though it still isn't great) and a revamped galactic econemy that makes getting money a lot easier. On top of that a separate currency is in place for buying mods that is driven by what your standing with a particular race is. This gives the game a little bit of depth that was absent before. The flight controls are mostly the same but you can now fly low to the ground which helps a lot. Though I have found myself hitting terrain that hadn't loaded yet. The draw distance issue really needs to get worked out as it is currently a major problem. Still, it plays better and I feel confidant that Hello Games can continue to improve the game. At least I hope so. No Man's sky is close to being a good game. Another update like this and I could definitely see it being like the game we were promised back in 2013. It is a solid little game to be sure. Just don't pay 60 bucks for it. Maybe 30, but even that might be pushing it. If you are one of the many people that were let down I'd say give it another try. It's gotten better and if Hello Games continues to iterate on the game like this it might even be great some day. At the end of the day that's the big thing here. Hello Games could have taken the money and ran. They could have all disappeared into obscurity and left No Man's sky to rot. But instead they've listened to fans and tried to make up for their huge and varried mistakes. That is worth a lot, and I think they're deserving of a second chance at least. We'll see."
,Recommended,275850,34403192,Posted: 21 August,all,FunkyFinzy,"Very unique exploration game, haven't had a game experience quite like this one yet. There's a massive sense of scale like you were really alone in space exploring planets and galaxies, with how you physically have to travel with your ship rather than fast traveling all over (and traveling actually takes time and resources you have to plan for). I only recently got the game from a -60% off sale and with recent updates it seems fully worth that. Started off in Survival mode on a harsh ice planet, and the game had no handholding whatsoever (good in my book), so I died a few times learning how the game's resources worked, till I eventually rebuilt my ship and made it off planet to explore more in the system. Was pretty wowed when I first made it off to space by how big everything was.There's a decent amount of challenge constantly juggling everything and no planet has had the same characteristics so far. You can upload and rename all the stuff you discover and the game apparently has some online functionality by now as well, though I haven't discovered other people yet. (if this was ever made to an MMO, that'd be the dream :P)It's not a hardcore survival game still but it offers something for both casual people and some who like challenge (with creative, normal modes or all the way to permadeath). If you like exploring tons of weird alien planets...get it? Also, the graphics can be really gorgeous, especially lighting and seeing planets you've already visited in the skies."
76561198113291506,Recommended,275850,34201493,Posted: 12 August,all,Pickle Rick!!!,"The game had a rough start, but it has evolved into what it was supposed to be and more. The recent updates have made the game better than ever, they included a 30+ Hour Storyline, multiplayer and much much more. Don't listen to all of those bad reviews which just say a single word or a sentence without reasoning.The game is worth it now. No Man's Sky. Thanks Sean Murray. Thanks Hello Games."
76561198045733495,Recommended,275850,34217022,Posted: 13 August,all,McPants Act 2,The devs are actually trying to turn the game into what it was supposed to be. There is even multiplayer getting implemented!
76561198032089626,Recommended,275850,34199654,Posted: 12 August,all,q3zomak,They have worked hard to make this game everything we expected and this Brings most of it to life!Good job hello games
76561197980313386,Not Recommended,275850,25020606,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Mark,nothing like was advertised.. found it entertaining for a bit but its not worth the price.. Does not hold up to the hype or gameplay shown before release. Another bait and switch
,Recommended,275850,34178672,Posted: 11 August,all,Captain Chris 70th,Got it on a discount - played a little. Seems fine. Got to give the team credit for fronting it out and keep developing. It may yet be the game they dreamed of. They obviously think it's worth pursuing otherwise there'll be no more updates.
76561198228255248,Not Recommended,275850,25388731,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,123,Their game trailer is borderline false advertising. Do not buy.
76561198021342525,Not Recommended,275850,24886444,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,mwc,"So I just want to talk gameplay (I have been able to get into the game and it runs fairly well).If you want a one line review: It just needs... something.I spent some time with it, and I went in with modest expectations based off of all the comments already out there. I went in with the idea that a casual exploration/survival game would be all that I need, and the sound of limitless discovery and new planets was inticing. So I went for it. Here is my two cents, to be thrown in with all the rest:Pros:-You really can seemlessly travel between planets with no loading screens-Some of the scenes are quite beautiful to look at-Gives you a real feel of being on your own, exploring the universe (some may find this to be a drawback)-Different creatures will help you out if you treat themNeutral:-Travelling can take a long time. There are boosts and warps, but those require consistent mining. You really can walk for a day on one planet. It plays realistic in that way, in terms of what you see is what you get (a distant, far-away planet is going to be just that). Sometimes I appreciate this and sometimes I am impatient/annoyed by it. Much of the game is that way for me.Cons:-Yes, the cries of a thousand people are correct, it does get a little repetitive-The starting inventory is quiet small between your ship and suit, so early trading/mining is a hassle (more than it needs to be)-As I said above, it just feels like it needs one more component to it... Maybe base building, maybe more NPCs. I can't put my finger on it, besides the feeling that I want it to do a little more.In the end I'll probably revisit the game when I feel like wandering the abyss, or just trying to seek out some beautiful vista, but for now I don't see this particular game being used on the regular.Verdict: is it worth the $60? Probably not. Like others have said, a price drop is probably what you want to wait for if you're interested. I can see it becoming something more with additional content added, but it would be fair to say that content should have come with the intial release. Say what you will about a small company like Hello Games trying to pull off a AAA game, but I feel bad. We rage so much against the money grabbers, I just wanted a small studio to have some success. They seem like good people who have devoted themsleves to the project; wish I had better things to say."
,Not Recommended,275850,25266215,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,RealChristianBale,"I used to be a big flagbearer for no man's sky.After 29 hours I can say that I honestly dont recomend it, the promises of an envelloping worldfilled with things to do and interesting places to see actually boiled down to a couple of same looking planets with no heart or soul to them, the game is just a succession of boring chores to do one after the other for no valuable incentive. (check what happens at the center to know what I mean, its a ghosts and goblins situation). The music is the only thing that was delivered, its great and atmospheric and should have been put into a better end product than this one.Do not buy for more than 20 bucks."
76561198066994314,Not Recommended,275850,25124605,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,TheRedScythe,"This game got boring. FAST. I got the game all hyped and excited to explore an endless universe, only to be greeted with repetitive EVERYTHING. You collect stuff you craft stuff you refuel stuff and travel to repetitive worlds. I had fun for the first 4 hours, at most. After that it got boring and repetitive. See how I'm using the word repetitive repetitively? it's because this Repetitive game is all that is. REPETITIVE. And now since I went over the 2 hour refund policy thing, I can't refund it! I demand a refund. NOW. $60 down the drain. -_-"
76561197998487255,Not Recommended,275850,25085735,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,GavinH,"It's too late for me--I cannot get my $60 back. It's not too late for you. Sixty-bucks is too much to ask for this title when it is missing many of it's promised features such as the faction system. I am very disappointed to have learned that the amazing looking worlds in the promotional videos were designed and NOT randomly generated. That right there is a huge deception of scandalous proportions. There is just no excuse for what happens when you finally reach the center of the galaxy. The lead dev said that we were going to see something amazing. Instead, players receive the biggest insult for all for their dedecation to slog through all the repetitious game play. It is a fun exploration/survival game for the first 4 hours or so until task repetition becomes tedious. If you are really curious, I recommend waiting until the title goes on sale. Maybe, maybe by then the developers would have added back in some of the promised, much promoted features such as the faction system and patch it to were it lives up to the kind of game that was marketed. To me, this is only a procedurally generated demonstration and worth between $20-$30."
,Not Recommended,275850,25382218,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Chris P. Fry,"Because of its frame-rate issues and its exagerrated variety of gameplay, among other things, I cannot recommend this game for its quality nor quantity."
76561198032045207,Not Recommended,275850,25388107,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Cementhead1,"It's just not fun. I wasn't even that hyped for this game. I just thought I'd get what was in the trailers. Frankly this is a boring game. It's at most worth $30. Not only do I want a refund, I want the time I spent washing dishes for the cash and the 11 hours I put in this♥♥♥♥♥♥game. I would also like to take back every minute I spent watching trailers for this POS and every second of the months of anticipation. You've officially raised the bar for disappointment. Sean Murray eat your heart out.- I don't hate Sean Murray or anyone at Hello Games, but false advertising is not OK. I think the 36% positive rating is less about enjoyment of the game and more about discouraging this kind of behavior from any publisher or developer in the future. It's sad that NMS had to be the example, but I'm happy that gamers aren't going to let this become the new normal."
76561198064403235,Not Recommended,275850,25782923,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Misan,Tell me sweet little lies ♫
,Not Recommended,275850,24846414,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Varski The Chief,This game runs really poorly. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME xD
,Not Recommended,275850,25334925,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,TJRelytS,"Wow.... ""I really wasted my money,"" is what I said at 4 hours. I tried a refund and.....NOPE! I was upset because you can't find out wether or not you like the game in 2 hours! It was ridiculous! I really didn't want to write this review but I chose to. Im upset with this game. My problem = repetitive gameplay. I have never experienced this at all, as far as I can remember. I have an ounce of hope for this game. Don't buy until reviews get better or game gets better. Not worth it until a sale comes up, making it REALLY cheap."
,Not Recommended,275850,25253552,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Tiny Island,"The game is a shell of what was shown/promised by the developers. Core elements that were shown in trailers, and gameplay never made it to the final version of the game even when it said they would be in there. I would have loved for this game to be what it was pitched at, but sadly that is not the case."
76561198284216600,Not Recommended,275850,25265068,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,ThunderPants,"This game does not live up to all the hype, no multiplayer, story mode non existent, ending is anticlimactic. Not worth the 60 I paid for it. Its nothing like what was showed at E3. Do yourself a favor and buy something better."
,Not Recommended,275850,25265251,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,BinkieTV | Twitch,This game is terrible and i will not put anymore hours into not worth $60.
76561198052933071,Not Recommended,275850,25265275,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Ria,Absolutely shocking. I was really looking forward to this game after seeing all the demos and incredible trailers + promises by developer for multiplayer. I really hope later updates add all these magical promised things into the game. Gameplay itself just gets so repetitive after a while and the tiny inventory really doesn't help.
76561198194753270,Not Recommended,275850,25238301,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,The Whitest Mexican,"The only reason I continue to play this game is being exploratory games like this seem to peak my interest. But let me get one thing clear, if you expect ANYTHING other than just an exploration simulator, wait for Star Citizen or something along those lines. No missions or side jobs. Very few of the features they bragged so much about are even in the game. There are much better places to spend this much money. There is so much potential so I will probably wait and see what DLC or expansions come out but at this point Hello Games has shot itself in the foot and placed itself in a♥♥♥♥♥♥filled hole."
,Not Recommended,275850,25258426,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Axezilla,Waiting on the refund update before I give this a positive review.
,Not Recommended,275850,25070055,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Noah,"Total lie. 3/10. Fun wears off after about 2-3 hours, when you begin to realize the game severely lacks content that had been shown in previous footage. Biggest disappointment of 2016.But not because of too much hype. I wasn't that hyped for the game. But I did expect the features which were shown to the public in trailers to have been in the game. I see absolutely no reason for their inexplicable disappearance.The game is literally half of what we were shown. No amount of exploration ever revealed these features, because they have been completely removed from the game. Multiplayer. Faction wars. Dog fights. Ship types. Creature types. Planet types. The ""big reveal"" at the center.What a total con. Such a disappointment to see these lies from an indie developer. The games industry is really almost as corrupt as the government. Not even joking around."
76561198115472914,Not Recommended,275850,25231991,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,MRMUFFN,Not a good game very boring and everything is the same but everything is a different colour and the game is very boring not fun
,Not Recommended,275850,25203207,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,sidez,"I don't recommend this game, it's very repetetive and there are lots of bugs."
76561198007309128,Not Recommended,275850,26397563,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Sheepbangabang (QLD),No refund!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,275850,25229836,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,NotchBeard,"Biggest dissapointment of my entire year in the gaming world. Would recommend it for children because it is long and has no real depth or subject matter that is risque. I feel like the game Sean Murray spoke about and showed us videos of (eg. Giant Sand Worms moving at like 50 mph) is a different game than the one that was released. Sony must have stuck its big nose into their development or made some ""for legal reasons"" requests. I was in the front car of the hype train for the last year and a half, then that train derailed so hard I was truly left in awe how much of a lie Sean had sold me on. I REALLY, REAAAAALLY tried to like the game and make excuses for its failures. The game is like Jessica Simpson, nice to look at but absolutely no depth to be found. 4/10 at best."
,Not Recommended,275850,25085246,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Blacksmithkazuma,"19 hours into it, no steam refund. Reasons are:- Repetative as ♥♥♥♥- Planets are all the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t- AI is dumb as ♥♥♥♥- Survival is the main focus, no exploration- Gathering resources is 2nd in the list, still more important then exploring- Did I mention Repetative as ♥♥♥♥?Verdict, Get Empyrion. It's $50 to $40 bucks cheaper (Got mine on sale) and does a much better job at being a Space Survival Game then NMS does, because who are we kidding? NMS is just that a poorly done, run of the mill Space Survival Game."
,Not Recommended,275850,25085251,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,brian,I really don't know what else to say that already hasn't been said.  It's not that great as it currently sits.  I'm sure the fixes will come in the form of paid DLC.Has about 15-20 hours of play time.
76561198007393257,Not Recommended,275850,25187964,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,THERUSECRUISE™,Game was not what I was expecting.  Nor do I feel like I got my money's worth.  Game was not running well upon launch - could barely play.  NVidia released drivers a week after release which made my game even more unplayable.  The drivers reduced my performance..I cannot play this game.
76561198144132786,Not Recommended,275850,25086861,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Papercu7,Minesweeper in less repetitive than this game.
,Not Recommended,275850,25231986,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Leif Ericcson,So after putting around 18 hours into this game I'm just mindlessly wandering around doing the same thing on every planet. This game is such a let down compared to what the developers were showing off in the alpha and on youtube.
76561198060908322,Not Recommended,275850,24959915,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,JackFrost,"Stop believing vague statements that promise so much more than the early access game they deliver at the end.EDIT:After all this time, the developers still have the audacity to let the ""ingame"" screenshots and ""gameplay"" videos still stay up in the store page.This is a blatant lie and should be illegal."
,Not Recommended,275850,25118087,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Kit-In-A-Box,"I wish I could give a neutral review. While I didn't expect it to be everything they said, I expected more than it is... Copy, edit, paste, repeat.(Roll the dice to pick the parts.) I may or may not request a refund, if I decide to hold out hope for some changes. I don't see how though. I enjoy exploration, when there are things to see.When things are so obviously similar, they're not worth seeing. The animals in this game all look, act, and sound indentical. There are differences, but when you can't tell if the armadillo/dog that just ran by you is different than the one that you fed two planets back, there's going to be disappointment. Someone thought it'd be cool to mix the head of a pachycephalosaurus with a microceratus head, add a bit of armadillo, with the attitude of a dog. That sums up about half the animals I've come across... Not to mention all but one sound exactly the same. That one was a giant cat/dragon, it howled at the moon... once.Not going to bother touching on the plants or other resources. The game ""has"" potential... maybe. It's not worth $60, not even $30 at this point. The idea was rad, the result was.. meh. At best."
76561198029114626,Not Recommended,275850,25617836,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,hachiseiko,DON'T BUY IT. GET A REFUND IF YOU CAN.The trailers on the Steam page are full of lies. That's not what the actual game is like.This game is a bare bones tech demo or unfinished indie project trying to pretend it's a full-priced AAA game.It's a really tedious game without a proper goal and an INCREDIBLY boring gameplay loop.You never feel like you're actually progressing or accomplishing anything.It's got so many bugs and faults and tiny annoying nagging problems that as you play and essentially do nothing is literally the only thing you can focus on.I wish I'd realised before 2 hours had passed that that's all it was and was ever going to be. After I realised I wouldn't be able to get a refund I tried SO ♥♥♥♥ing hard to enjoy it and get as much out of it as I could but in the end I just feel bitter and robbed.
76561198059617030,Recommended,275850,34211556,Posted: 13 August,all,GaryJSailor,Almost there...
,Not Recommended,275850,25027079,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Omgwtfhax,"After playing this game for 30+ hours I don't have the will to finish it. It's so repetitive it hurts. The first few hours are fun, but after that it doesn't even become grindy, it becomes a chore. A grindy game is more liek ARK, you actualyl get something good at the end of the grind. You realize really soon that you don't get rewarded for exploring or mining resources at all. Every single planet is nearly the same with color randomization. The weather effects are nearly the same with color randomization. The creatures are 90% the same with small random variations that make them look like they will go extinct in the near future.Also, here's an olbigatory link discussing all the stuff promised in the game that isn't there:https://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/4y1h9i/wheres_the_no_mans_sky_we_were_sold_on_a_big_list/"
,Not Recommended,275850,25212804,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Smooth Falcon,"The game is bland and repetitive to say the least. I bought into all the hype and after watching several interview videos and the trailer I hopped on the pre-purchase bandwagon. That was a mistake. Saying that the interviews with Murray and the trailer were misleading is being very kind. There were outright lies in them.If you can pick this game up heavily discounted, go for it. At $10 or $15 it would be worth the purchase, but this is NOT a $60 title. After you've gone through 2 to 3 systems and checked out the planets you've seen everything this game currently has to throw at you."
,Not Recommended,275850,26241692,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,DorianGray,"Sony states that multiplayer was never a part of the game but the media made it up. Funny enough you find many interviews on Youtube in which Murray states there is multiplayer as you in fact could meet another person. When two Youtubers wanted to meet in the game and couldn't see each other, Murray claimed that this probably was due to overburdened servers.Fact 1: Sony is lying.Fact 2: Murray is a cheat.Fact 3: Do NOT spend money on products of Hello Games or Sony.Most importantly: this game is truly as bad as people say in their reviews. It's a tech demo of a technology that's not new nor impressive. Only due to the lies of Sony's marketing peons, this game made it into the press and was overhyped like hell to fill the summer hole.Us gamers are used these days to be cheated by publishers, but this is a new record. It will influence me long term to not buy Sony products, just as I stopped buying EA products years ago - and as with EA I will not miss anything."
,Not Recommended,275850,25249289,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Yogert,The game looks great. But that's all it has going for itself. The game is the same boring 20 minutes in each new solar system. It has that vast feeling but because the game itself is so big it looses the finer details and just feels repetitive and a chore. Would not recommend.
,Not Recommended,275850,25241370,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,[MBC]Arokin,Pros:- Sean Murray sold it well!- Lots Of Promise- A nearly infinate amount of time you can waste- Fast way to dump $60Cons:- The actual game
76561198042347845,Not Recommended,275850,26225788,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,hungrystarvin,I think all that needs to be said about this RUBBISH has been said! DONT BUY!!!!.....not even worth 10 $
,Not Recommended,275850,26226565,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,ritsuke,Get fkd Hello Games.
,Not Recommended,275850,25256737,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Haiyai,very eh very fast
,Not Recommended,275850,25269774,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,The Dirtiest Sanchez,Just play Spore.  It's more fun and more user friendly.  The graphics are about the same and Spore was released 8 years prior.
,Not Recommended,275850,24906480,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,DaMan,"I have never refunded a game on Steam before. If I think it has a future via additional content and patches, I'll hold on to it. If I think the game will entertain me in any way at some point, I'll hold on to it. If the game has at least 50% of the ♥♥♥♥ing features it was advertised with, I'll probably hold on to the game.This game has none of this. I want my money back."
76561198169391375,Not Recommended,275850,25174871,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Shawshank Rodempskie,No Mans Lie
76561198030496524,Not Recommended,275850,24986872,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,rookie,"I've tried to like this game, but just couldn't.There is absolutely nothing to do but grind. The ""objectives"" are pointless and the outcomes are unsatisfying.I should have refunded."
,Not Recommended,275850,24850396,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Captain Scarfo,"DON'T BUY THIS YET. Wait and see if they can fix the huge, huge PC version issues. It's a horrendous console port."
76561198305919899,Not Recommended,275850,24905214,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,ike.entz,when i start up my game it crashes
,Not Recommended,275850,25110662,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Eric,"I can't support such Devs. The game that was delivered is very far from what was promised, almost all promised features aren't present.The flight part of the game is atrocious and very poorly put together, feels on rails and just wrong. Elite dangerous does it much better.The concept is cool and this could have been GOTY material, instead it's just below average. The first couple of hours will be fun but I want all that was promised.DO NOT BUY! This game is worth only about $15-20"
76561198042789544,Not Recommended,275850,25217285,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,natedoggrif,"This is a completely different game from what they advertised, and doesn't support multiplayer even though they explicitly said it would."
,Not Recommended,275850,25220401,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Parallax,This game crashes too damn much. I'd rather have a refund. What an overhyped glitchy joke.
76561198031879095,Not Recommended,275850,25179158,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Apulanty,No.
,Not Recommended,275850,25235260,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Brock Obama,"I have tried to enjoy the game, however due to the sheer deceipt and failure to deliver on promises, hello games has truly ruined the experience. Not only that but the lack of optimisation on the PC has madde it difficult to enjoy for more than an hour at a time before the game goes to slow motion."
76561198025438462,Not Recommended,275850,25159310,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Rannoch,"Biggest piece of crap, DO NOT BUY"
,Not Recommended,275850,25167613,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Luka,"I have been lied to and wasted my money, I could have bought so many calzones and kebabs instead and have a much better time."
,Not Recommended,275850,26211415,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Turtylx,"Please Steam, let me refund this..."
76561198064113749,Not Recommended,275850,25483920,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,scoutman14,Cannot even play this game. After 4 hours of play time I went to land on a planet and it glitched and landed into a tunnel and i tried to get my ship out and intern if destroyed my ship. so now im just stuck on a space station and cannot find any thing to trade with to get enough iron to repair my ship.
76561198008414212,Not Recommended,275850,26048604,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Safe-Keeper,Overpriced indie game hyped by false advertising. Steer clear.
,Not Recommended,275850,25153434,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Hinghoi PC Faster,suck game with forum moderators white knight keep locking negative topic.
,Recommended,275850,34207815,Posted: 13 August,all,Dramion,"With the lastest update to the game and the huge discount, I decided to buy it. I am not one for survival type games but this one so far is amazing and I don't even think I have touched the new upate stuff with only playing for 2 hours.Going to space, going to other planets, going to space stations to get quests and sell stuff. So far really the game is amazing.Some people are saying that the game is running like crap. So far the game is running at 60FPS withou any drops.i7 5920k OC 4.5GHZ16GB DDR 4 2666512GB Samsung SSD1080ti Aorus non-extreme version OC +30/350"
,Recommended,275850,34208530,Posted: 13 August,all,Get Zerked,"After a year, Hello Games has turned this game around for the better, I truly love it. I cant wait to see what the future holds for this game. I definitely recomment trying this out. It may not be for everyone but if your into exploring a almost infinite universe...this game is for you!"
,Not Recommended,275850,25096562,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,XAYAH,Excuse me but ... no man's lie is really nice game .. but too average and defenetly not full
,Not Recommended,275850,25019787,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Sterdemon,"I WANT to love it but...After all that NMS has been through since its launch on PS4/PC I have to say, as far as exploration - it does it well, really well. I could explore (if thats all I want to do) for hours and hours on end. But with the lies upon lies from Hello Games about what the game does or does not have, both before and after launch, I can't love this like I want to.Less than a week after saying the game WILL NOT HAVE ANY PAID DLC - They are now saying that it is possible that they will have paid DLC in the future, which is futher pushing this to the back for me. I wish I could refund. I regret buying NMS 100%.If all you want is to JUST explore than maybe it's good but not for $60 USD. If this game was 20 than maybe.. but for what you get, and whats to come, I'm 100% not impressed and would not recommend until a sale - and even than I would HIGHLY consider looking into other games.As I said I can't refund - and if they do bring out Paid DLC I WILL NOT purchase it - seeing as DLC's are apparently to bring in mechanics/ships/other game elements that were meant to brought in with release.The four pillars of the game =Exploration - 7/10Fighting - 2/10Trading/sales - boring/10Survival - 1/10**Edit- I've lost much of the faith I had pre-launch in No Man's Sky but if they were to some how recover and implement all items and/or mechanics that were ""Promised / Confirmed"" to be in the game I could potentially see myself playing it again. (Also making sentinels harder + more populated and weather elements more punishing would be a plus, but thats just my personal opinion) (Side note - the price is still... very debatable)"
,Not Recommended,275850,25053143,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Kafuro,"This game i kinda cool for the first 20 hours. Afther that there is nothing new.In the 20 hours you can max out your inventory, ship, everything.all ships you see are mostly the same, all aliens you meet are mostly the same,moste planets are all the same."
76561198061746544,Not Recommended,275850,25088972,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,FireWar Marine,I played this game for a while now but didn't live up to anyone's standards... I am extremely disapointed on what the developers said about how the game would turn out. I enjoyed it at first but got boring hella quickly... I don't review games much but this one is a must! Dont Buy This Game.
76561198030706547,Recommended,275850,34240466,Posted: 14 August,all,zypher312,"The sheer amount of work that Hello Games has been putting into this title after launch and the reception it had is more than impressive. Think how easy it would have been for them to just sink away, to hide from the negativity. But instead they pulled themselves up, put their heads down, and went towards making their product better -- Towards making it the thing they envisioned, the thing they wanted to share with the world. This is the kind of behavior we should be supporting."
,Recommended,275850,28106449,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Annoying Dog,"Dont know how it was like prepatch, but as a newcommer the game is really fun to explore and progress your ship/tools. Playing normal mode, I never see the necessity to grind or rush the game. (Of course for those who want more challenge, they have added a survival mode, although I havent tried it yet, other reviews of the update say it has given the game a nice urgent feeling, restarts are required if you land in a impossible planet though). Sorta feels like all the negativity was overblown, if that was cause of the update then awesome. If this was the foundation, the future updates will keep improving the game.To be honest, 35$ is the appropriate price for the game right now. It should have never been released at 60, nor be given the nod by devs that it should be treated as a 100% finished game. Although at the time of this review, my play time is still a little minor, the nichness of the game is really apparent. I do love this kind of gameplay loop, so it will keep me going for a while especially with what the update added/changed. Like with any game, charging right through its content will probably leave a more negative experience as well.EDIT: To clarify, this is not an indictment to those who felt slighted by the developers. I am saying, the update to me as a newcomer to the game and someone who relatively ignored the hype/response to the game. It feels like it had been really blown out there, so thats a positive if the patch (and future updates) gave me this different perception of the game. With the continued stream of updates, this will become stronger in time. So that should be a positive thing, if everyones activism had them change their entire ideology after release."
,Not Recommended,275850,24954496,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,VulcanDeathGrip,"No Man’s Sky could be a good game.However, the fundamental gameplay isn’t deep or rewarding enough for me to stick around and explore many of the planets the game has to offer. With such basic combat and inventory management, it quickly wears thin and you’ll feel like you’re dragging yourself from system to system in search of Atlas or your needed items to fuel your ship.Does it live up to the hype?, probably not. But if you appreciate this game for what it is – A early access game sold at full price with the hope that they will fix the bugs and hitching problems. Then buy it - I may pick it up again when it has been fixed or it is in the steam sale at 50% off."
,Not Recommended,275850,24940640,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Germansniper,Game is a very large database of reskinned objects and terrain.  If you want to see a mushroom in thirty different colors with thirty different randomly generated names that make no sense on 30 different colored worlds then this is the game for you. Hours of monotanous game play is in store for those who purchase it as you grind materials to get to the center of the galaxy for . . . well no one tells you why we need to go there.
76561198037992266,Not Recommended,275850,24966644,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,morg2625,"CLUNKY, BORING AND REPETITIVE, NO LORE, NO BACKGROUND, GRAPHICS SUCK. No Depth, crappy immersion. and FAR to costly."
76561198006525041,Not Recommended,275850,24989459,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,warboy,"I really enjoyed this game when I started playing, I still wasn't bored of it 16 hours later. I had no problems with the tech, and everything worked fine.It's an exploration game based on a procedural engine, and there is repetition like in any game, but it's pretty, and it was fun.I got what I was expecting in a game, but it didn't really live up to the hype, and they did remove some elements without telling anyone, but that's modern marketing. You do have to use a bit of imagination yourself, I like to think that I am a Culture SC operative who's ship was spat into a different, life filled galaxy and while I'm exploring it for the first time, it's already filled with alien races and pre existing structures.That was all fine, until 16 hours in the game randomly corrupted my save files, and started me with a new game.I put in a ticket, and then saw it was happening to hundreds of other players, all losing various amounts of progress.After an automated response but nothing else, the community tried to come up with fixes, which unfortunately did not work for a lot of people, including me, but Hello Games did not acknowledge the problem at all, let alone offer a fix.Having a save function fail in a progressive game is ridiculous, and the lack of response or acknowledgement is appalling.I cannot recommend this game unless they fix it.https://steamcommunity.com/app/275850/discussions/1/360672304897008888/"
,Not Recommended,275850,24898961,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,South Paw,"Gonna try write a decent review that covers the good and the bad about No Man's Sky. If the game changes I'll update the review when I find the time. If Hello Games just so happens to read this - I'm sorry but this was an appallingly bad attempt at a 'game'.14th August 2016:No Man's Sky. Ah, the game I've waited a few years for with anticipation and tried my utmost not to get hyped over. Let's begin with a quick run down;The Good:- Massive universe- Somewhat varied planets, plants and lifeforms- Seamless space to planet gameplay- A cool language systemThe Bad:- A huge universe... that's essentially completely empty- Simply no gameplay elements (it feels like a ""tech demo"")- No player waypoints or markers (the problem of being constantly lost)- Ridiculously small space station & building interiors- No journal or method of tracking where you've been or what you to do next- The elephant in the room; MultiplayerLet's begin shall we?---The No Man's Sky universe is massive. But I'd like to quickly point out that the description of the game is a lie.""No Man's Sky is a game about exploration and survival in aninfinite procedurally generateduniverse.""It's not ""infinite"" (too be fair like 1.8 trillion trillion planets (or whatever the number is) is reasonably infinite though) and it is not ""procedurally generated"". The whole universe is pre-generated, the systems already have planets in them they are just 'undiscovered', the findings upload screen already knows there isxtypes of species on this planet before you've even found them. It is simply a lie to say it's 'procedurally generated'.However, yes the universe is massive. It's simply huge... and from what I've seen and visited it's somewhat variable. Last night I visited a Toxic planet that had constant toxic weather storms/events and you would die within 2 minutes without constantly collecting zinc from plants on the barren surface. On this toxic planet's moon I found a barren wasteland that only contained resources in underground caves. Both were in stark contrast to a planet I'd visited 2 systems before hand that had a purple hue,  growth and animals on it, with predators chasing herbivores and alien looks trees in the valleys.It's also great to be able to jump into your ship and head straight up into space. No loading times, no waiting. Boost it on up there and you're out and free. They've done well on the entry and exiting of ships from planets, it feels fun.Last but not least, I like the language system in the game. (But, I'm ashamed to say that it's almost the only 'gameplay element' No Man's Sky has to offer). To put it simply, you don't know the alien lifeforms word's, you must learn them from their ruins. As you find keywords, occasionally you'll recognise words in their speech and begin to decipher more and more of what they need or want from you before they'll offer help.---All and all though, the nice points above do not warrant that stupid $90 NZD price tag. It looks fantastic but there is literally nothing to do on the planets... I'd almost say that Hello Games doesn't know how to make games - because what we see here is a great tech demo showing off planets & life-form creation yet there is nothing to do in it all. They have spent years perfecting the generation stage of the game that they forgot to even make any gameplay features for the players!No seriously, this vast space has nothing to do in it... EVERY planet/moon has the same 10 types of points of interest that can be visited, sometimes there's useful items and blueprints there - mostly there's not because you already know them. The exploration element of the game is completely stale. There is nothing new on the second planet that wasn't on the first, crashed ships, trading posts, research stations. The models are the same layout every time as well, crates in the same places every time. There is nothing new after that first planet - if you explore well enough in your first six hours you've basically see whatever planet has to offer in the way of points of interest.Again, I feel like Hello Games got so wrapped up in making the universe varied and populating it, they forgot to ask themselves what the player is going to do. Seeing a lifeform and analyzing it takes about 5 seconds. After that it's done. You don't do anything more with it, that's it. If Hello Games expected all the players wanted to do was analyze randomly generated creates then they should have just made a game with a conveyor belt churning out stuff endlessly and given the player a camera so they can say ""LOOK MUM"" every 30 minutes or so.My biggest issue though is that there is no on planet or in system waypoint markers.How can you hand us a game this huge and not let us place markers on things WE find interesting? How? When you visit a point of interest it's essentially gone from your HUD. There is no 'map' of any planets or systems either so as a playeryou're in this constant state of being perpetually lost.Found a cool cave full of gold? Once you leave you'll never find it again!There simply needs to be a way to set waypoints, organise them and name them (and there needs to be unlimited waypoints for the player) and then do the same again in the System map. Disregarding the planets for a second; at the moment, if you find a cool system you really like, it's got good commodities and such... if you jump a system over you'll lose it. There is no way to permanently mark it as ""That good system I want to visit again"" and there is no way to waypoint a planet in it with ""Really good gold cave"".How the game doesn't have these features is beyond me... wait no it isn't. Again it simply comes down to the fact that they spent years making a tech demo that has no substance, not a single hint, not even a wiff of gameplay or things for the player to do.The next few items you can see in gameplay footage and such but at this point complaining about them is more of the same.Space station interiors are tiny. They usually have 1 NPC in them, a trading computer and that's it. They are the size of small moons and have about 400m^2 of space inside them (if that). Same goes for buildings on any planet's surface, they are all the same layout, sometimes with one NPC who is glued to the same spot 24/7 and in both the stations and buildings, NPC ships will come and go (they never get out of said ships, they just land, wait, take off...).There's no way of figuring out what you're to do next. They've gone to trouble to make it appear in these vague minimalistic pop ups in the bottom right that you should do this or need these materials... why not just give me a journal or a holopad or SOMETHING that I can track these tasks in.Hell, mix in the waypoints thing above into it and a map of the planet you're on while you're at it for the love of god do something in this department. Triple A title for $90... $90 Freaking dollars and you don't have a map or waypoint or task system in the game AT ALL?Certainly not last and certainly not least - Multiplayer.I'm not going to drone on about it (there are plenty of other review that do) but simply, it isn't there. It was another lie. The closest they've gotten is that when you find something and name it, other players see the name on your planet and can visit it. That's it. You can't fly around with your buddies, you can't meet up (because there's no bloody waypoint system to figure out where the hell in the 1.8 trillion trillion planets you are either!) because you won't see them.All and all, at this point I'm going to keep playing. Exploring random planets, heading towards the centre and seeing how high I can make my backpack space go. I need to get my $90's worth out of this elaborate scam somehow..."
76561197964707696,Not Recommended,275850,24911595,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Elmo,I refunded my game..Got bored after 3 hours of playing.It's generic survival game which is not worth the full price..I would say it should be around 10-15 Euro'sPro's:Freedom in movementYou can fly a space ship to other planetsLots of variation of creatures of each planetCon's:No objectivesGraphics arent that greatTo expensiveIt feels unfinished some how...No real multi player
76561198324942062,Not Recommended,275850,25103211,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Gaming Ninja,"I need help, can someone please tell me how to fix my game. Everytime I try to play it the game goes to a black screen and thats it. I sat here for 40 Min. waiting for something but nothing happend. If anyone can tell me how to fix this I will be very grateful, Thanks"
76561198042065287,Not Recommended,275850,25081757,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,dee.rm,"Only doing this review because the game really doesn't even get close to the initial promise and moreover, Sean never stood ground of this game being a single player in the interviews and game reviews, said that this was a universe, when in reality is just a giant galaxy with the same 4 aliens (Gek, Vykeen, Korvax and Atlas), and also the multiplayer lie was really disapointing. Im still betting my chips on StarCitizen to actually fulfill all these broken promises that hello game left us. ""Infinite"" story short,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.Just want my money back, so I can buy a proper game Steam!"
,Not Recommended,275850,25083523,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Garenator,"Not worth $60, not even worth $40 IMO. If this is on sale for ~$25 or less then get it.This is why I don't buy into hype for games, it never ends well, ever.This is a good game if you want to just chill out and explore. Drink some beers/smoke some blunts, just zone out and lose yourself for a few hours. I have tried very hard to like this game and this is pretty much the only big ""pro"" of the game.If you want anything other than that you will be dissappointed. The story is very loose, not really enough to motivate you unless you can't stand not knowing things and HAVE to know. And it never really pays off in any meaningfull way.You have to run around mining resources, but the vast majority of them aren't even used to build things, it's to recharge/refuel things you use, so you need a constant stock of some of them. The game gives you ridiculously little inventory space, so having to constantly manage your inventory better be something you like.The only reason to buy new ships is more inventory, all the ships handle identically. Doesn't matter if its the tiny ship you started with or some massive thing that's basically a rectangle with engines slapped on it, they handle the same (""same"" here means they handle like the ship is stuck in really thick pudding, all the ships handle like♥♥♥♥♥. The cockpits don't even looks different between ships.The gameplay is super repetitive. All the different ""solar systems"" (they aren't real solar systems. They're very close together planets over a nice skybox. They don't orbit the sun, they just rotate to create day/night) wind up being the same. All the planets have the same basic resources, with extreme planets having more of the rare ones. But you will never find a planet that doesn't have your basic resources. Even planets that supposedly have no life will have little mushrooms so you can get carbon to charge your lifesupport. There are some variations between planets, but once you've seen about 5-6 planets you've pretty much seen it all.And the variations between planets make no sense. You will have freezing ice worlds as the closest planet to the sun and scorching fire worlds further from the sun.The planet's also don't have any real, meaningful variation. The colors, weather, plants and animals change, and that's about it. The terrain seems to almost be identical on each planet. There are no towering mountain ranges or mile wide canyons. No lush forests, no deserts, it's the same cookie cutter terrain on every world just with different colors, textrues and weather. The biggest variation I've seen in terrain is that some planets have rocks that float about 20-50ft in the air. And once you realize that about 50% the planets have this, it seems less cool.The animals do vary from world to world, but after 4-5 planets it becomes painfully obvious that the creatures are just random mash-ups of probably less than 12 actual parts, so you quickly just see animals as mixups of clearly recognizable body parts.The UI also makes no sense, unintuituive and you can't just click to select something, you have to hold the mouse down for about a second.There's also the fact that the dev's flat-out lied about features in the game. They didn't say vague things that people mis-interpreted, Sean said, on multiple occasions, that multiplayer would be possible and that the only limiting facotor there would be the sheer size of the universe (the size of the explorable universe is the one thing they fully delivered). This has been shown to be completely and utterly untrue, with streamers unable to see eachother when both in the same place on the same planet, and also by the game being listed as ""single player"".He also described the player as being able to craft like in Minecraft, and ""discover"" new recipies via experimentation. This is also a complete lie. You cannot discover new recipies by guesswork, you have to find them. There's no crafting ""table"" like in Minecraft, you can only craft things you already know the recipie for, it isn't possible to throw random things together and see if it works.There are other things they lied about (Solar Systems were supposed to use real physics and have actual orbits, for example) but I'm sure other reviews go over them much better than I could.This really seems like an indie studio that tried to do something cool, but people got too excited for it, and before they knew it Hello Games had bitten off more than they could chew. The one cool thing this game did that was actually new, is that you have an uninterupted transition from space, through the atmosphere to the planet surface, which is playable the entire time.This game is basically a tech demo of that feature, I just hope future games can build upon it and create something closer to what Sean Murray promised us (and utterly failed to deliver)"
,Not Recommended,275850,25277248,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Lemme get uhhhhhhhhhhhh,"Really wanted to like it. But there just isnt enough content for it to be fun. Also not to mention the ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE game optimization. Running a 980TI and 4790K on a 850 PRO SSD. Unacceptable, just another Watch Dogs E3 type of misleading game."
,Not Recommended,275850,25227634,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Zweis†ein ( ಠ_ಠ),"Disappointed.Personal PROS:+The idea of learning alien languages in order to see an evolution in your experience with alien interactions is impressive.+The environment's can be so beautiful, they're breathtaking. The algorithms that procedurally generate the environments in every detail are amazing. Colors, oceans, forests, whole of nature, mountains, cave systems.+Music is mindblowing. Many pieces are also procedurally generated which is very interesting.+Underwater worlds can be equally as impressive as a planet with big forests can be.+I personally loved how you start out of nothing, stranded on a planet, and having to start from so low in order to survive and advance.+I loved the idea of a space so huge that's impossible to explore it all.+Nebulas, systems, insane colors of a universe so artistically great. I enjoyed so many hours of space flight just looking at the views from planet to planet.+Black Holes!! OMG! I was excited to see and use them!! (not too often though, using them damage your ship)+It's relatively very easy to make money once you know how. Thus, buying any ship you want if you feel like it.Personal CONS:-Price is offensively high for what we are being offered. When you come with a AAA full price tag then you have to compete with titles of this level. You can't use the excuse of ""this is an indi game"" when you sell this for 60 bucks.-We don't have a base building system. Or a homeworld system.-No main story beyond the whole Atlas thing, which is very tiny as an experience.-It's repetitive to a level of no actual evolution when it comes to being rewarded for your actions after some hours of gameplay.-No ship customization.-Controls can be so frustrating. All interactions with the UI is not based on clicks. Instead everything is based only by pressing+holding your action button. Whether that's your action button on the keyboard or your left mouse button. The only thing that happens instantly is switching in and out your inventory UI and your WASDspace controls. This can be absolutely annoying.-No hotkeys. Seriously. I don't even go down to having to recharge your exosuit when in need. Just imagine being in the middle of a space fight and having to recharge your ship's shields. And you have to switch in your inventory and press and hold recharge again and again while fighting at the same time. Ridiculous.-The trading inventory is defined by the solar system you are in and is the exact same defined by the design of the point you interact with in order to trade in that solar system. This means that a galactic trade market point has the same content anywhere you go in a solar system. Any type of ship has the exact same trading inventory with all the ships similar to its design. And these will only change when you go to different solar systems.-You cannot respawn. Even during emergencies like glitched areas.-The Atlas main quest is really short and not that deep in story content.-You cannot skip dialogue interactions. This gets really annoying when you realize how repetitive the whole context of this mechanism gets in the game.-Your only goals worth focusing on in the end of the line is expanding your inventory and getting all the upgrades. Which in fact is not and extraordinary thing to achieve as its easy to earn money. Even learning an alien language to the max is not an extremely hard thing to achieve. And there's a mere 3 different types of languages/races to study.-No volcanic environments exist in any planets that i know of so far.-Whether there's atmosphere or not, whether the planet is small or big or if its a planet or a moon. There's no gravity difference.-18,446,744,073,709,551,616 planets, life forms in almost ALL of them. yet not ONE city or any form of organized civilization.Personal Averages:+-Animals are equally procedurally generated by the same algorithms, this can lead from impressive creations to very very stupid ones.+-Aliens are awesome. There are only 3 species but it's fun to interact with (until you get bored).+-A size of an ocean with the depth of a glass of water. The emptiness of the game gives all the space your imagination needs to fill it in. But how much emptiness is necessary? A blank piece of paper can show the world to one person and an absolutely empty white canvas to someone else. There are no equal chances for everyone to enjoy this. Trader, Explorer and Fighter are not classes or roles to play. They are mere game mechanisms that you meet during any instance if your gameplay.What we were promised but didn't have delivered:-you can't hack through sealed doors in bases. only way to do it is break through them.-No functions or race space wars. only thing you see is trade ships/frigates (aka 'frades'?) being attacked by pirates. And you can choose to whether support the pirates, or support the defenders, or not care at all and destroy everyone and everything - or just pass.-you can't rename your ship.-You can't customize the ""way you look"".-it makes no difference what type of ship you buy. they all handle and shoot the same. all it matters is how big your inventory is and what upgrades you have installed in it.-Also you won't be able to buy specific types of ships from specific alien races. You can find any type and combination of its design from any race.-you will never meet 2 legged or 4 legged type robots-sentinels roaming in peace on a planet. Only way to meet different types of sentinels except from the flying drones is to rise your wanted level.-The center of the galaxy is the worst fudging joke ever. It takes a serious amount of time, a serious amount of resources and an serious amount of patience to make it to the center of the galaxy. And you get absolute zero reward from it. Not even mentally. You don't meet anything. You don't land anywhere. You simply seean instant cinematic zooming out of the galaxy taking you to the boarders of a new one only to start a new adventure over.Not even a damn achievement for what is probably the most time consuming thing to achieve in the game!-Planet actual rotation and rotations around the sun is not an implementation on release.-Trading with cargo ships is not an implementation on release. Only trading there is in space, is in space stations.-Are there really any sand planets like those shown in the reveal demos?-Huge FPS drops. Even in the most powerful PCs (they clearly stated that FPS and GPU power should not be a thing).-No control over the depth of field of what is being rendered on your graphics settings. Things you have already mined will start to look like they are still there after a distance. Also equally hard to understand what's where on a planet surface when you explore it. Asteroids can be seen only up to a small distance ahead of you when you are in space. Not compared to the vast asteroid fields we saw on the demo presentations. Even in the most buffed up gaming PCs, you don't see that depth of field.-you can't land on asteroids.-No fraders(cargo ships and frigates) don't move at all. They just stand in one place.-you will never find any interaction between functions. Onlyone single exception: when you meet Polo and Nada standing in the space anomaly stations.-you can't meet other players.-there are no portals on planets. Not for what i've ever seen of so far.-There's no competitive element. No leaderboards.-No you will never see other ships landing or taking of planet surfaces. Only in trading posts, trading stations and space stations.-ship's airplane cockpit windshield is not see-through glass but absolute black texture.\-no animation seeing cockpit opens or closes (detail shown on a demo reveal)."
76561198066993965,Not Recommended,275850,25477777,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,sukawia,"Have you watched the trailers and gameplays published by or with Hello Games (the studio that created the game) and Sean Murray and are hyped to play this game? Well don't. A huge part of them is false advertising, with features stripped down or non-existent at all."
76561198122424853,Not Recommended,275850,25310387,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Musketman203,"DO NOT BUY THIS, this game is in my opinion a complete scam, a £39.99 scam. Most of the features promised are NOT in the game and there is no sign of them ever being in the game. I have a good PC but this game would often drop below 30FPS and would crash at times.This game IS almost infinate to be fair, but theres really no reason to explore other then doing it ""for the fun of it"" and thats really the only fun i ever had playing this. However you'll soon find that most planets are very similar and you'll get bored by your 5th system.Over all id give this game a sad 2 out of 10 for sheer lack of content, boring and repetitive gameplay, and false advertising. Dont make the same mistake so many of us have made and spend your money on somthing worth your time and money, because this certainly is not worth either of those.I really hope i can get a refund and will update this if i do/dont.(update) I didnt get a refund from steam and honestly feel like ive been betrayed by steam, ive been a user for two years now and have never had a problem with this service. However after this transaction i will be questioning future purchases..."
76561197972609698,Not Recommended,275850,25248606,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,xdiesp,same thing over and over and over and over on and on and on
76561198078118150,Not Recommended,275850,25249213,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,GoatZ,First couple of hours veri neice. Later too grindy.
,Not Recommended,275850,26727383,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,NNLocke,"About 100 days with no response of any kind from Sean Murray. He's too busy laughing and swimming in our money.This is why we can't have nice things. I hope you ♥♥♥♥ing die, Sean."
,Not Recommended,275850,25257666,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Abattoir,Would be an awesome game if it was the game I was promised. Its not worth 60 dollars bay any means maybe 20.
76561197971464236,Not Recommended,275850,25270550,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,dannyquinn,terrible
,Not Recommended,275850,25031839,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Ethird,"No, not like this, not like this... I can't even..."
,Not Recommended,275850,25009665,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Qsyc,This game is the prime example of how you get shafted by ♥♥♥♥♥♥ hype and empty promisses
76561198053273523,Not Recommended,275850,25094200,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,cnewt74,"Quite possibly one of the most dissapointing games I've ever regrettably paid for. I would have honeslty felt cheated with only paying $20 for this game...but for $60!? God, I felt like I've just been punched in the face because I had hope. Whatever you do, especially if you work hard for your money, PLEASE DON'T BUY THIS GAME!"
76561197965838905,Not Recommended,275850,25102427,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Hamsalad,"It pains me to say this. But, this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ (I didn't play it as long as it says I did,  I left it on over night)Anyway, I was really looking forward to this game & got burnt out after maybe 3 days of playing.  You have really seen everything by less than 10 hours. From that point on , it's a forced willpower grind to keep going.Unfortunately, there isnt anything to keep you going. Sure, you can keep learning alien languages(2 i think) that's fun for a bit, then you realize you don't even need to, and it barely serves a purpose. There is no real end game goals, no multi-player & when you do reach the center of the universe?----SPOILER----THE GAME JUST RESTARTS!! hahahah! Remember one of Seans many lies about how people will want to go to the center? Well, those poor suckers that kept playing to find out were left even more disappointed in the end.I would recommend this game at a $20-$25 price range. $60 is a ♥♥♥♥ing ridiculous asking price.  Also, the reviews would be much lower but STEAM REMOVES NEGATIVE REVIEWS AFTER REFUND.  Just a heads up, think about that one."
76561198073445685,Not Recommended,275850,25090319,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,firstborn,The refund botton works bad!!!!!0/100
,Not Recommended,275850,25111803,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Kiwi,"This game has been a massive disappointment.It's been gutted. Which is a shame because it has so much potential. Most of the content that was shown even up until the past few months has not made it into the release version. Right now it feels like an early access alpha or a proof of concept. You can see where the branches of interesting and deep mechanics were pruned and replaced with something shallow and nonsensical, something to be added later or to be built upon. At the moment though, the game is at worse broken and at best barren and shallow.* Planets are all very similar, the geography is very similar, same features, same landmarks. If you land on a planet it will be either hot, cold or middling. It will be rocky. There are shrubs but no trees (certainly no forests or similar), similar looking plants and terrible looking bill boarded grass (and not very much of it either). You will find the same resources. It's either land with ponds, oceans with very small islands. There are no continents (as far as I can see).* Animals are all very similar in feel and ability.* Plants are all very similar.* All space stations are identical.* Aliens are very similar and do not vary in terms of personality or role.* UI is terrible, it's basically been left as a console UI (and I don't think it was an especially good at being that).* Textures are low res, it really does not look nice from a technical stand point. The pop-in is horrendous.Maybe one day we'll find out what went wrong, maybe not.I hope that a lot of the stuff that should have been in is added over time, but I've seen this type of thing enough to know it's never really going to be fixed and finished."
76561198001243247,Not Recommended,275850,25120928,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,SuperMinilux,"The game I received was clearly not No Man's Sky. I've seen trailers and it is a different product so if you want the No Man's Sky you see in the trailer, wait for it to being released."
76561197993911353,Not Recommended,275850,25157042,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Keithios,this game gets incredibly boring after a few hours.
,Not Recommended,275850,25056256,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Taddy Mason,"Played on my first planet for an hour, met a few AI characters but the interaction felt very mechanical. Jumped of the planet and hop scotched to a few other planets... Then I realized I was simply looking for content that wasn't there. There's no narrative which made it all very repetitive. Luckily I realized this before I expired STEAMS return policy window. I might buy it again if the price drops and mods get going."
,Not Recommended,275850,24986310,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,GrammatonCleric,First time in 12 years of STEAM I actually returned a game...and I have a LOT of games on STEAM over all theese years.
,Not Recommended,275850,25609986,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Flatflyer,"What is No Mans Sky?A miserable pile of lies.like seriously, 50% of the promised content is non-existant, save yourself the trouble, play something better and cheaper."
76561198037488997,Not Recommended,275850,25003823,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Kevm4n,"I gave it 40 hours... I am truly, and honestly dissapointed. It is not what they made it out to be in the trailers and the fps and stuttering is very annoying. If it was $20, sure. But no way for $60."
76561198055973701,Not Recommended,275850,25236382,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Luxton,terrible is the only word for this game
,Not Recommended,275850,25055448,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Scrumpy,played for a long time and feel like i have got nowere planets bearly look diffrent npcs rubbish not a good game
76561198038548430,Not Recommended,275850,24995668,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,cem267,If this isn't false advertising I don't know what is. Guess that's just what gamers are supposed to put up with.
,Not Recommended,275850,25096637,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,1-26 INF,"Repetitive, boring, uninteresting. Didnt follow the hype either. Less to do here then Minecraft"
,Not Recommended,275850,25040125,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Sultan,I am sad because i had so much anticipation for this game to be really good but sdaly it was over hyped.Pros:- unique gameplayCons:- Endless grinding- not story driven- crashes a lot- gets boring fast since its single player as wellI do not think its worth the coin they are offering now it should be a 15~20 dollar game at best.
76561198049860709,Not Recommended,275850,25052040,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,xACESxSkribe,"I have been waiting for the game for such a long time but started to worry after viewing streams on twitch a few days prior to release.Now that I have logged 63 hours in the game, here are my thoughts.1) This game is possibly the most rushed game I have ever played. I wouldnt even classify this release as an alpha.2) The first game crash I experienced was related to the new multi-tool bug where you try to access a new tool and the game crashes. When I looked up possible fixes, I found something stating like, we know about this and currently do not have a fix, move on and do not try to access that module again. Not exactly the answer I was looking for.3) The performance issues are numerous, even for a beast of a computer with the latest Nvidia drivers.4) This game feels like it is missing something major but I cannot put my finger on what it is exactly.My advise for Hello Games, In order to save face, release bug fix and improvment timelines. Without something to look forward to, you will see the number of players continue to fall. Something tells me that Hello Games will need to higher more staff and scramble to set up a QA department as one clearly does not exist.I really hope this game becomes more robust with more of everything including creatures, ships, missions, an in game map (why this doesnt exist simply blows my mind), etc, etc.To anyone reading this, hold off on buying for at least a month or so."
,Not Recommended,275850,25500212,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Kelfezond,What a dreadful game after all that hype. Would not recommend buying for any more than £10
76561197970343347,Not Recommended,275850,25048832,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Zerggle,"This game feels like it has been designed to give the appearance of great potential, but as I played it, I realized that it is all smoke and mirrors. The grind is terrible, and there's no sign that it will get any better. It's already clear - even at less than 20 hours in, that it is stuctured to continue the same grinding elements throughout the progression of the game. Once you get an Atlas key level 1, you will start finding doors and chests that require an Atlas key level 2, and so on and so on forever. So even when you feel like you are making progress, you soon realize that you are on a moving sidewalk (moving against you) so that you never really make any meaningful progress. And there are so many little annoyances, like a complete lack of any kind of map (except for on a galactic scale, which is not helpful for finding your way around a planet or solar system). Even your starship has surprisingly poor instrumentation - not even a simple compass! And while you get to name every plant and animal you come accross (which quickly becomes a joyless chore), you can't rename your starship. WTF!!I think I may need to stop playing before I punch something."
,Recommended,275850,34208637,Posted: 13 August,all,UltraPasteurizd,"I have played this game since launch. I preordered this game and in the time leading up to release I literally built my first PC to play it. I played it for about 65 hours or so. At first, I loved it, but then it just got boring. It felt directionless. Sure, there's loads of planets, but there wasn't much to do on them. I picked it back up after the most recent update (Atlas Rises) and they have taken incredible steps to resolve these problems.Now you can get side missions that make you feel like you're doing more than gathering resources and hauling them to the nearest space station. There's different economies in different solar systems, so there's even more value in holding onto some goods and selling them where they're worth more. It also adds a lot of depth for players who want to play as merchants - especially with the addition of freighters, which I haven't even had the opportunity to get into yet. I can only imagine finding a few systems near each other, loading up my freighters, and going system to system and watching the money roll in.Not only that, but the story has been revamped and gives the universe a lot more meaning and a lot more depth. I haven't finished it all yet, but it is a vast improvement on the game released about a year ago.A note on the developers, as well. I have experience with arguably one of the worst developers out there: Wild Card. I have over 1,500 hours in Ark, and the developers couldn't care a less about the community. It feels like every update has made the game worse. Hello Games is exactly the opposite. Despite huge criticism and a rocky start, they've made it clear that they care about this game and want to build a community. Unlike most devs who are eager to take the money and run to the next project, Hello Games has proven they're willing to put the work in and help this game continue to grow, and that gets me as excited as I was the first time I loaded this game up.TL;DR: The Atlas Rises update fixes a lot of the release issues, namely the shallow story and lack of direction in the universe. The game devs have proven they're willing to make this game better and build a community. You should play it."
76561198041657925,Not Recommended,275850,25048887,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Hopefighter,"Even if I enjoy this game I cannot in good conscience recommend this game to everyone.The basic meat of the game is to explore planets either on the way to the center of the procedually generated Galaxy or following the Path of the Atlas. And this is where the problems arise.Even if the Generation of the Galaxy works extremely well, and you are able to explore a HUGE amout of Planets you get locked out of it by tedious Mechanics really quickly.At the Beginning of the Game both your personal Inventory and your Ships Inventory are EXTREMELY Limited, while being able to teleport resources to the Ship from anywhere does help it still fills up extremly fast with unstackable items etc. While this can and probably will change further into the game (Your Suit can be upgraded, new ships can be bought or repaired) it still has a major impact on your experience.Your suit is also equiped with 2 Major Systems that HAVE to be looked for, Life Support and Hazard Protection. While the latter only comes into play if there is a Hazard to protect you from, the former will always ask for new Isotopes to charge it up.On every Planet if have encountered so far I found Sentinels, little flying robots that will mess you up if you break their unwritten rules. While every planet has Information about how the Sentinels act on a Planet you can only find out what you get away with by trial and error.When leaving a Planet or a Station it can happen you get attacked by Pirates. While this is, in most cases, just a minor nuisance it can happen that your ships takes serious damage. How you can repair your ship? I have no clue, as the game does little to tell you anything about it.Conclusion:I can only recommend this game to you if you enjoy extensive Exploration and resource grinding, because thats all you do in this game. Exploring, and Mining Resources. If you don't enjoy both of these I'd recommend against buying this game."
,Recommended,275850,34190300,Posted: 12 August,all,Monster Zero,"When the game first came out, I played it on my son's computer for a while and was let down.  I don't know if I was disappointed because of what I imagined the game would be, or was influenced by all the negative reviews, but I didn't play it again until now.The game is much better than when it first launched.  The developer really cares about the universe that they have created and are doing everything they can to realize the potential of that universe.Well done Hello Games.  I have begun playing again, and if you continue to care as much as you have shown that you care up to now, this game will become a favorite of a lot more customers."
76561197992888618,Not Recommended,275850,25040077,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,SirBunnyEater,"Watch the first trailer on the store page. None of that is representative of the gameplay in this ""game"". Kind of a bait and switch by the developers."
76561198322802106,Recommended,275850,34175484,Posted: 11 August,all,CPT Krats,"I enjoy the game, however with the new update, 1.3 I cannot teleport to my home base.  Other aspects of the game work fine.  I begin a teleport session, begin to move thru, and then I get dumped out to the desk top.  Any comments?"
76561198014423657,Not Recommended,275850,25040167,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Frios,"I wouldn't recommed this game in general, and on the PC specifically for a few reasons. The main reason is that it's extremely repetitive and while exploring is fun for the first hour or two, you quickly realize you're doing the exact same thing on every planet. It feels like there's a huge space out there filled with the same thing repeated over and over. So much content advertised for the game just isn't there. The reason for not recommending the PC version specifically is that the game controls feel like a mediocre port of a console game. It's playable, but very annoying and takes a lot of getting used to. The game isn't terrible, but definitely not worth the full $60 as well as not what we were told it was going to be."
,Recommended,275850,34190453,Posted: 12 August,all,"Bonfire | aka ""im autistic""","This game isnt exactly terrible, i mainy play this game because of the idea that all the worlds are generated and the science behind each encounter is unique. Hello Games are clearly trying to add to the game to actually make it worth buying, I admit at launch i would say do not buy the game but now with all the content they have been adding I would say its a worth if its on deal"
,Not Recommended,275850,24982935,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,ralph1017,"No Man's Sky Comprehensive Review*SPOILER ALERT*I don't usually write full reviews. But I am really compelled to write one for this game. I'll try to be as neutral as possible as I want to justify the time I spent playing NMS. Going back 2014, I saw the E3 teaser live and from that day I was enamored and so hype for this game. My coworkers bought it. I bought it. Believing that it will fill the empty space in our heart that was caused by Elite:Dangerous. Believing that we will get the adventure and fun that is being featured by HG in their trailers (which is still here in Steam) and with Sean's tweets and interviews. Then the various issues came. With 2 players not being able to meet each other even when standing in the same spot. As well as being confirmed that the game doesn't feature multiplayers. I still craved for it as I am a single player gamer myself. Then August 12 came. And oh boy, it was such a mess. It is not optimized. The preorder ship isn't really worth it. And the trailers are so different with the final game. It's like ordering an orange and getting an apple instead. But some people will insist that it still taste good and is a fruit so why cry foul? And HG still have the gal to keep those trailers uploaded here in Steam. To bait unaware gamers I guess. But the amount of lies, deceit, and the game itself deserves a thumbs down for me. And I'll explain everything.Graphics 6/10Graphics are subpar even on the highest setting. The game does rely on procedural generation. That explains a lot why the game is only around 3GB.  And with the 18 quintillion planets that was highly advertised. You would expect a lot of variety. But no, after your 20th or more planet. You'll feel like you've seen it all. And good luck if you can run this without any hiccups. The instagram filters are tolerable but in most cases an eye sore which is better to just  be removed..The game doesn't even run well on systems with GTX 980s. The lush planets are a photo op. The barren ones are gloomy. Extreme planets are awesome. The animals.. oh the animals.. The variety of color and pigmentation for animals are so small. Spore even has more variety than this. And don't get me started with the AI. Moving on.Audio 9/10This is something that is good with NMS. Music really sets the mood running and helps create atmosphere as well as help with immersion. I love it. It escalates when you are in a fight. And slowly go back to a calm one when you are out of it. The music changes depending on what is happening with no noticeable in-between.Controls 4/10There is a lot of reason why those who played other space sim (e.g. Elite) would hate NMS and I can understand why. The flight control sucks. You can't yaw and you are left to the mercy of your mouse control to turn left or right. You can't control the ship to the full extent. It is almost automated. You can't fly low in any planet. There is always this invisible floating floor. Which is most of the time the reason why you'll always miss landing in a landing pad. That low flying battle you see in the trailers? nah, that's impossible. What you have is Spore Space stage. Unless you press E to land. Controls on foot are fine. Walking and running speed is almost identical, that it is just better to focus on your jetpack upgrades instead. You use the same tool for mining and shooting. And you can kill with your mining beam as well. In other words. Prepare for countless hours of pressing Mouse 1 as that will mostly be the gameplay control.Gameplay 3/10Let me go into detail in here. I don't really know where to start. Dog fights are boring. Those ship maneuvers that you see in the trailers (yeah the trailer again), they are impossible to do in-game. They advertised the game for having a complex trading system. But let me be honest. It is not. I didn't expect this to be space minecraft, and a boring one to boot. AI is really bad, or should I say there is no AI at all. NPCs are tablet maniacs. They are all identical, doesn't have voice animation, doesn't have any animation, nor walk around. They are stationary lifeless wallpapers. And the language. I swear I already studied 300+ words but I still can't understand anything. It doesn't add to the gamplay whatsoever other than putting an artificial difficulty. Resource gathering? You collect or buy minerals and other resources to craft or/and sell. But sooner or later you'll going to run out of inventory and would need to jump to the nearest space station or colonial outposts to unload. Then purchase ships with bigger inventory and upgrade your suit. Rinse and repeat. It would have been fun if there was some sense of variety in doing these tasks. but no, there is none. No quest, side mission, etc. Sooner or later you'll gonna get bored. And would wonder if this is really worth $60. But I tried to enjoy it, thinking that maybe, I still have to grind more and travel to more star systems. And maybe then the fun part will start. But it didn't. I am already on the way for my 10th atlas interface and I could finish the game any time now. But I see no point in doing that. A lot has been scrapped. It is missing a lot. The gameplay is too shallow. It is such a waste to have this interesting concept and then turn it into a hot mess. Sorry HG, this game is a failure.Story 4/10The goal is to reach the center of the galaxy. Which can be done by either having access to a blackhole, or following the atlas path. The atlas path is cryptic to the point wherein I've reached my 9th atlas interface and I can't still make sense of what is really happening. I can usually follow a storyline of any game but this one is really incomprehensible. I understand they want to be deep but that works if you have other way of delivering it (e.g. Dear Esther).Replayability 2/10There is no replayability if the game is repetitive from the get go. But if you love torturing or proving something then that's good. Finish the game, create a new universe, and play this like a New game+. I won't put so much thought about this one. It's just... that.HG's fault is that they failed to explain what the game is really about and they kept on delivering these cryptic messages in Twitter and interviews to keep followers from waiting for the next update. Without getting any real answers at all. I still can't fathom their gal to keep these trailers and screenshots on Steam even if the final product is a glorified tech demo. It's a lawsuit waiting to happen. This game could have been good. And I admit I did enjoy it for quite a while. But it starts  to get laborious really quick. It came to the point wherein I am playing just to justify the money I paid for this game. I won't stop you from purchasing it. But let me give you a hint that you can buy other games with $60 which has more depth and value than this unfinished, unpolished, misadvertised, overhyped piece of disappointment. Have fun!Some videos and links that may also help:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TVrDaudzn64https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AE0nuW-mQ8Ahttps://www.reddit.com/r/NoMansSkyTheGame/comments/4y4i3a/wheres_the_nms_we_were_sold_on_front_page/http://www.ign.com/articles/2016/08/16/no-mans-sky-review"
,Recommended,275850,30518199,Posted: 14 March,all,Mr.Cypher!,"Updating And A Good W.I.P !Ok i wanted this game from the day i saw it way way back and wanted it then. I didnt board the hype train like so many do with most big LOOKing games that show up these days being 9 times out of 10 we get burned and let down and pay retail for 100% trash. I know Hello Games has had there hands full with this game. From the flood that destroyed most there servers and Data to the Rushed and over hyped release that followed.Ok now for the game review . I think No Man Sky has tons of potential ! The gfx are ok and with patches its getting better and better in the performance department  . The controls are nice and responsive and i have no issues in that department with the game also.As for the Game Play , i feel its so massive in scope with little to fill it at the moment. But with Workshop support and Hello Games themselfs adding stuff to the game im sure in time that could be fixed or in a way modded. One thing it has going for it now is Exploring ,So if you like exploring and gathering then this game is 100% up your alley.Ok lets talk Price!  In truth i think in this stage paying $59 for this game atm is on the way to high side..... but if you can snag it on sale for what i did around $38 or if you can get it cheaper , I say by all means get it ! Reason i say this is it feels like a Early Access game with tons of potential and loads of room for growth as long as the Workshop and Hello Games keep adding stuff . In a way think Minecraft before they added all the good content and modders got into the game lolSo in the end ill push this one into the PASS pile !"
,Not Recommended,275850,25042935,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,berzpe,"That was horrible.  I'd write a longer review, but others have done that well enough."
,Not Recommended,275850,24905852,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Loktofeit,"No Man's Sky seems like Planet Explorers if you add in spaceships to take you from one rather barren place to another......and then remove terraforming, settlement building, land vehicles, and hirelings...and then remove the voxel creator and community-created content...and charge $35 more.i7-4790 3.6Ghz   32Gigs RAMNVidia GTX 760 16Gigs1920x1080 at Medium settings was a frustratingly choppy. Dropped back to Low settings and 1680x1050 with AA and all the frills off, and it was playable but not all that enjoyable.Lots of periods of just walking around or just flying to get somewhere. As far as a sci-fi version of an interactive digital aquarium, it was kind of neat but seems to get old/repettiive rather quickly."
,Recommended,275850,27956157,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sourceman,The Foundation update is a huge step in right direction. It showed that the developer does care the games and willing to listen to the community.
76561197974170618,Recommended,275850,28086405,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Chrome,"While the inital offering of No Man's Sky was underwhelming, and stunk of the megahype that was once Spore, the changes that have come, unlike with Spore, have really brought a lot to the game that was missing. Not only had they added some much requested big features, they've added new elements and new crafting requirements and improvement to the depth of game play. I'm much happeir with it now and think it deserves a second look."
,Not Recommended,275850,24846580,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Brian,"Seems to be badly optimized especially when im only running it at 1920x1080, I have a GTX 780Ti and dont have any issues running games nomally. Sadly No Man Sky seems to have a couple of issues, game pauses when assets come into view.. possibly might be a driver issue just thought was worth mentioning..Managed 7 minutes before i decided i had seen enough, Thank god for the refund policy"
,Not Recommended,275850,25274307,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Marcus Van Clark,Ok so the game isn't what it was cracked up to be. But we or at least I should have known... I mean come on.
,Not Recommended,275850,25095296,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Grundy,"How many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie-universe?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LZ0epRjfGLwOne...Two...(Crunch) Three.I got No Man's Sky because of the no-cut-scene planetary landings.  I don't care if that aspect is not perfect, it is something I have wanted in a space game for forever.  I got Elite Dangerous for the same reason.  They lied and had me pay extra to do it, but they did it so I got it.  NMS had it, so I got it.The no-cut-scene planetary landing in NMS seems to have been one of the first things they worked on, as it was demonstrated on all the internetty multimediaoutlet E3ey like places one can go to find this kind of stuff.  I have to wonder what took so long between then and release because that is really all the game has going for it.I am glad I got the game becuase I can do the no-cut-scene planetary landing to my hearts content.Otherwise, there is very little game here.  If you want a modern computer game, this is not it.This is a no-cut-scene planetary landing prototype with an inventory management/mining sim/pick-a-path adventure stuck higgledy-piggledy onto the side of its head.I expected Spore-like simplicity and lack of scientific relevance in the animal generation.  That is what I got.I expected keyboard and mouse simplistic flight actuation and no support for joystick and that is what I got.I expected to be able to turn my head to the side but only CONSOLE controllers can have that, so I didn't get what I expected there, though I expect them to change that.Lick One...The first lick was filled with expectation and anticipation.  I spent about 3 hours on first planet learning what there was to offer.  I started understanding how the interactions with the aliens worked and all was good.  This was because I didn't have any blueprints so there was a legitimate reward for every proper navigation of the simple puzzles.  I learned how to locate abandond ships, how to upgrade my suit and multi-tool and everything I did was rewarded with something useful.This lasted for a few planets and even past my first few warps as I learned about the lore and the languages and how they helped make the pick-a-path puzzles easier to pass.Lick Two...Then the rewards started becoming 'already known'.  This is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥mechanic.  So there are umpteen upgrades for you multi-tool, your ship, and your suit.  Some interaction types will result in a particular type, for example the multi-tool device on walls will always give a multi-tool blueprint.  But if the random one it has available is one you already know then you get nothing.  However, like every interaction in the game other than flying, there is a cutscene where the camera repositions and you wait for the inevitable 'already known' message to come up.  Soon you realize that every interaction has become completely useless because you know all the blueprints.  OR WORSE, you know all but a few and you will have to go through another 50 'already known' cutscenes before you find the last 3 blueprints.In essence, this is punishment.  To reward you for getting more tech you are punished for wanting more tech.  Pavlovianly, you eventually stop clicking on anything because you don't want to wait 3-5 seconds waiting for 'already known'which leads to...(crunch) Lick Three.I just want to get this over with.  I will now attempt to get to the center.The center is very far away.  If you ship is upgraded to its furthest warp distance it will take you about 24 hours of playtime, give or take 6 days, to get to the center of the galaxy.  To do this, you must either keep mining or trading for or crafting the warpcells.  You can get there faster by going through wormholes, but they break your ship so there is an offset of having to fix it that reduces the advantage of using them by increasing your downtime.At this stage, throug internet research as there is nothing in game to enlighten one about this, I discoverd that there are types of systems that have increase chances for better planets.  So I started flying to some of these systems to see if the planets got any more interesting.  After visiting a few type B and type O stars, I found this to be marginally true.  There is a slight increase in the chance that these systems have plantes with either better rare loot and/or more creatures and plants.I don't think I will make it to the center before I die of boredom, so I will leave my game in it's unfinished state.  I will return periodically to fly to another Type O system and try to find a dinosaur or something, but the only way I can see getting to the center is to just (Crunch) cheat, as I have seen others do online.Final note on the proceedural planet generation, the only thing left in the game that has a potential to reward my explorations...Each planet has 4 statistics assigned to it.  Nothing scientifically interesting here like mass or distance from the parent star or anything just Weather, Sentinal, Flora, and Fauna descriptions.  The weather and sentinal descipriptions give you information you need and the flora and fauna descriptsions give a vague subjective adjective describing the quantity.  I ♥♥♥♥ING HATE THIS.  There are probably 10 different words they use to describe zero.  ""Barren"", ""Empty"", ""Non-existant"", etc.  This is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid and it is even worse for the creatures.  They have a bunch of stuping meaningless adjetcives for Gender.  The fact is there are only 2 animals aggressive and passive and the rest of the text describing them might as well be written in an alien language because they are completely meaningless.  This is another♥♥♥♥♥♥mechanic.And finally,Flying in NMS ship is like wathcing Elain Dance.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DY_DF2Af3LM"
,Not Recommended,275850,25014494,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Unknown Variable,Fist game i've ever actually refunded... smh no man's lies
76561198034355239,Not Recommended,275850,24989368,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Cream Panzer,"Ok, Murray lied again, I am done with this. First, he tried to make us belive it's a multi-playable game. And now, check this out:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S_-HuyA4zEQThis is my first time ask for a refund.It's not about games, It's about Murray himself. This guy just decreased the moral of game industry into a brand new low level.  Nice job!"
,Not Recommended,275850,27584815,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,hailrin,"Nominated this for ""Biggest Letdown"" in the Steam Awards."
76561198120034658,Not Recommended,275850,25229850,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Tatsu,"♥♥♥♥♥game not worth your time, waste of money!"
,Not Recommended,275850,25152271,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,BMG Dank,waste of $60
76561198093254034,Not Recommended,275850,25249418,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,jpg,not fun all the first five planets were empty of life
76561198015208818,Not Recommended,275850,25189221,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,matt29680,I feel like i got robbed and steam will not refund me. hate hello games
,Not Recommended,275850,25722841,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,asthenic_therapia,No
76561198119314562,Not Recommended,275850,25728074,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Imaslapyou,Probably the biggest gaming scam in recent history. 0/10 would never recommend.
,Not Recommended,275850,25032747,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,jmd1505,It is somewhat fun but it is not worth £40.
76561198199790254,Not Recommended,275850,25082380,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Salty Seadog,"Sean murray is a slippery snakeoil salesman...Ok, now that we got that outta the way...As for the planet procedural tec, its actually quite impressive. For a team of under two dozen people its amazing what they have accomplished, in a way, so I tip my hat to them for dreaming big. If you like grinding and farming resources 99% of the time, or walking around procedural planets with no cause, only stopping to micro manage one of 15 or so quickly depleting life support systems or resource bars, then this game is probably what your looking for. But thats it....You will run into a handfull of static aliens or ""resource vendors"", and a small handfull of the exact same building on each planet, so you can find upgrades to get more inventory slots, to find more upgrades, to get more inventory slots, to find more upgrades, to get more inv... Woops, thought I was playing there!Should you get this game? If you LOVE walking around procedural planets like a dangle-berry for NO reason ever at all, and have money to burn, then yes.If youre smart though (and have a semi-decent PC), youll take my advice, close steam, finger-punch that Esc button, google ""Star Citizen"" watch the ""3.0 star citizen gamescom demo"" on youtube like the god d@mn genius that you are, and go and support that project like a total champ, you winner."
76561197977135480,Not Recommended,275850,25218138,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Dave,"Not at all what I was expecting. What a shallow universe. I was hoping for a living universe. After giving it much thought I've come to a conclusion about no man sky, it's a children's game."
,Not Recommended,275850,25082996,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,pk13,I cant even stick this one out aslong as I did with the divison... game crashed last night and I got so frustrated I didnt load it back up. Boot it up today to find only the claimed crashed ship I was farming and my tricked out 48 slot ship gone! No previous saves to recover. Previously I died while afk after loading up and all stacked items like vortex cubes I got from crashed ships unstacked. worked around that by getting into the appdata romaing and fortunatly found a good save from one of the only 3 saves this trash game keeps. Thats it im out and wont buy anything from Sean Murray and Hellogarbage again. Not to mention all the other scams people have complained about.
,Not Recommended,275850,25077027,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Sapphic Neko,"I want to state that i was super looking forward to this game. I had no illusions of multiplayer or building. I wanted it solely for exploring and see diffrent planets.And for the first 4-5 hours, i loved it. I really did.But the more i played it the more i started to realise how terrible this game really is.First off, the interface is god awful. Its laggy, its unintuitive, and its slow as heck.Recharge multitool i have to open inventory. Seems completly random which of the three tabs i get, then click my multitool tab, then click the miningbeam or grenade or bolt caster part. Press and Hold, then select the material to recharge with.Why can't i just click R to reload? and it will use whatever available element i carry to do it?Its just overcomplicating things.And this brings me to the actual inventory. Why does items take up so much space? The shielding plates you can craft are 100% pointless. They charge less than 250 of an oxide (iron, zinc or titanium). And use the same inventory space, plus i can use the actual raw material for other things.Maybe if i could use one shielding plate multiple times to recharge my shields, but no one won't even fully charge me with some upgrades in place. Least let us stack these things, like gravitino balls, atlas stones etc. With the limitations that are, crafting that weapon upgrade which needs 10 balls is a pain in the tushie cause you need to free up space to carry them, then another space to actually make it.And why does the upgrades need another space in the inventory? I kind of like that you can link them together for synergy effects. But this is not mentioned in the game at all, the only indications is my ""stat circles"" go longer when i link upgrades then when i don't. I feel this could be done far better. Just let us click the shield/lifesupport etc and it brings up a mini inventory with x amount of slots we can put the upgrades in. Not taking up valuable space.Then we come to exploration. Which starts out really fun. But once you're at the 50th planet you explore. They all kinda become the same. Same buildings, same resource nodes. Even the animal life starts looking similar after awhile.I wanted to see an ocean world so bad, when i finally found one. I was amazed flying over it, until i actually landed. Swimming is annoying as hell. Its slow, you can't swim at surface to regain oxygen, you actually have to jetpack out of the water to refill it, if you don't have the scubatank upgrade things.Which brings me to the resource nodes. Why do they look identical on all planets? The iron ones and carbon have such a variety. But on all planets, Copper nodes will defy gravity and fly in the air. Heridium are black/blue pillars. And then we have the ""additional element"" as i've come to call them, which is gold, aliminium, iridium, titanium, nickel, etc. Which only seem to have one type per planet. So if you get a planet with gold, might as well leave and go to next if you're looking for nickel.There are buildings which have no entrace. I've ran into probably 10+ buildings. All of them with the ""rare schematic"" when i did a space scan. Fly to them, land, often dive into a lake and swim for 5 minutes, then get to it, and there is no entrace to it. Impossible to get inside.The galaxy map is also very terrible, theres no indicator of planets i've been to, i have to physically click on each planet to find out if you been there or not. Maybe i wanna go back to a planet where i found some rare resource on, like omegon. But once you've jumped once or twice, finding it again is next to impossible.And the waypoint system is terrible. Why can't i free roam with the waypoint lines still showing? And why does the waypoint line only go like 500 lightyears when i can jump 1500 lightyears.Theres also only three races in the entire game. Vy'ken which seems to be fighters/warriors. Korvax which are robot scientists and Gek traders. Each with their own distinct looks, language and ships. Three just seems to little for this big galaxy.And theres no interaction between factions, except the odd ""send data the vy'ken planning to bomb the gek"" bla bla bla. The promised faction system just isn't there.And the promised big space battles. Sure i've had 50 fighters attack 3 freighters. But holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ One stray shot hitting a freighter and everyone turns on you, and sentinels fly in to attack you as well.  And theres no real reward for doing it, get some reputation with the faction, which i had maxed out after 10 solarsystems anyway. Not to mention how clunky the ship controls are.And why can't i upgrade the launch system or the engines in my ship? so i can boost at faster speed, or take off more then 4 times on one charge of the launch system?And the creepy alien goo in the abandoned facilities. Why aren't they a story in the game, like get some history behind them, and maybe even run into them later. But no, only sentinels are the enemy.Game could be so good, but this was released way way way too soon, even with the delay this is so unfinished. And i havn't touched the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ stability of the game. Experiment beta patch fixed a little, but i still crash at random. FPS drops mysteriously to 5-6 from 60+ after a few hours.I really hope hello games will continue to improve this game, they have a lot of work ahead to make it fun, but there is so much potential, i hope they don't♥♥♥♥♥♥it up."
76561198026097709,Not Recommended,275850,28021416,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sylentmana,"With the drama and such surrounding this game, it may be easy to want to avoid this game, but this update has done much to improve things. If you have already purchased this game, this update may be enough to draw you back into the game, as is the case with me. However, if you have not purchased the game and are looking at it, I would say now is a good time to buy it, BUT only if you can get it on sale for around $20. The update is great, but the game is still not worth its $60 price tag. This may change with future updates, but I'm afraid I still cannot recommend this game at full price."
,Not Recommended,275850,25253582,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Eros,"Until they put in every feature they promised this game gets a 3/10. False advertising bordering on illegal, wouldn't be surprised if a class action lawsuit is coming their way.Also shame on Valve for not protecting their consumers with no product control, vet the games you put on your platform."
,Not Recommended,275850,25805391,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Mr. Manager,"Lied about the game's features, then went almost completely silent.  Sean Murray went from tweeting a few times a day to completely disappearing.  DO NOT buy this game, it pretty much exemplifies everything wrong with the current gaming industry.EDIT after the 1.2 update:It's still pretty much the same, incredibly poorly optimised mess, but now you can build a base and drive around (instead of walk around) the surface of a planet."
76561198043641089,Not Recommended,275850,25169643,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,tyrael32,"I held off as long as I could....So many lies...For me the real slap in the face is the first video there on the Steam store page still showing the animal interaction, flying in caves, better battles, etc...NOTHING like the actual gameplay...it is NOT portrayed a cinematic but actual gameplay.If the game soley had the animal interaction it would be 100% worth it...."
76561198057707533,Not Recommended,275850,25197299,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Cramelan,"I feel cheated, and I'm sure you fine folks at Valve are completely aware of the reasons why. Shawn Murray and Hello Games should be shamed like the snake oil merchants they are."
,Not Recommended,275850,25338437,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Lordkabal,"This game is based entirely on LIES!Still haven't changed my opinion. The game still isn't worth anywhere near 59.99. Save your money.Buy Avorion, it's honestly a better game and only 18 bucks."
76561198056409291,Not Recommended,275850,25238328,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,tripleh213,This game is garbage and no one should play this. Hello Games lied to everyone and now Steam wont give us our money back. I can't trust Steam anymore after this...
76561198057139085,Not Recommended,275850,25086875,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Rohn0,"This game is nothing like what was promised. This was not an issue with over hype, its an issue of developers over promising and straight up lying."
76561197996124924,Not Recommended,275850,25084206,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Heavy_Hoss,the videos that are shown on steam and youtube are lies anything the sean murry or what ever his name is sead about this game is a lie the videos you see that are from real players is what it truely looks like. so far on my travels i have seen many of the same things as for animals plants and oceans look like its been copy and pasted many times. so far the only things i like about the game is how large everything is big open space but the game is very lazyly made gold and emril look the same you cant tell what it is untill you land and walk up to it if you want a more detail report and reviewer name of angryjoeshow has a better review he yells alot but he puts a nice video togeather. do not pay full price this is at most a 20$ game i would not get it if it was just 5$ or 10$ more then that.
,Not Recommended,275850,27736080,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Matt Shady,"░░░░░░░░░▓▓▓▓▀█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▓▓▄██████▄░░░░░▄█▄█▀░░▄░▄░█▀░░░░▄▀░██▄░░▀░▀░▀▄                      I hear by Nominate this game for the ""Refund of the Year"" Award!░░░░▀▄░░▀░▄█▄▄░░▄█▄░░░░░░▀█▄▄░░▀▀▀█▀░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐           (Updat Review after 1.1) Still♥♥♥♥♥♥░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░▀▀░ No Man's Sky ░▐▄▄▄▀"
,Not Recommended,275850,25088258,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,GamerGuy1236,Doesn't even start up.10/10
76561198008257092,Not Recommended,275850,25614408,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,dreadkiller123,Lies lies
76561198122545659,Not Recommended,275850,25270704,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,OldRedFoxhound,Thieves
,Not Recommended,275850,25498679,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Hedikin.dk,this game♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sucks
,Not Recommended,275850,24986900,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Br0l0ks,I was actually really keen on the whole chilled explorer kinda feel the game presented itself to be. I honestly thought it would be more of a 3D version of Starbound.It just feels extremely shallow and repetitive. There is no point really to travel to other planets. Tried to get my refund but I spent more than 2 hours playing it... thanks tutorial (sarc)!
,Not Recommended,275850,24985149,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Disheveled Possum,Refunded.Why?https://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/4y1h9i/wheres_the_no_mans_sky_we_were_sold_on_a_big_list/Not a $70 game. Not even close.
76561198048585812,Not Recommended,275850,25236372,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,kylet9922,"Not worth $59.99, more like a $10 game. Has none of the conent in the trailer."
76561198163515474,Not Recommended,275850,25079119,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Why?,IS POOP!
,Recommended,275850,30493930,Posted: 13 March,all,Lithova,"I know many were very upset with the initial release and each player had their reasons. These two big patches (fondation and path finder) have really improved the player experience especially from what I first experienced with it on release. I enjoy the base building features and the additional resource gathering tools you can now craft.Planet exploration is enjoyable with the new vehicles to use. New game modes for whatever you're in the mood for from creative to hardcore permadeath modes. I'm quite surprised Hello Games continued to release updates for the game considering the amount of negative backlash, but I'm happy they stuck it out and released these awesome free updates.I look forward to whatever they have planned for this game and I definitely recommend it to anyone looking for something new to play. Its not X3 or Star Citizen or Mass Effect or Minecraft or some crazy fast paced action space shooter but its got its moments and it's an overall fun experience. Congrates and thanks to Hello Games for these updates."
76561198042451815,Recommended,275850,34190380,Posted: 12 August,all,Antonio,"Hello games are making what is probably one of the greatest comebacks of the entire industry.As of 1.3 this game is incredibly enjoyable with new quests, missions and upgrades the game is becoming more and more like Sean Murray's initial vision.I have nothing but respect for Sean Murray and Hello Games for sticking with No Man's Sky when they easily could have moved on.Keep up the good work boys."
76561198053094700,Recommended,275850,28104262,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,R3epR,"I believe a bad approach to advertisment is what lead No Man's Sky to it's savage let down.  Instead of saying ""this is how the game is now."" It should have been released as an early access game, (i.e. Alpha, or Beta) and Hello Games should have told us the true state of the game and ""here's what we are going to be working really hard to achieve in the coming months.""  If that were the way No Man's Sky were marketed, then I blieve everything would have been just fine.  The game is great if you accept it for what it is.  Laid back exploration and a sense of how small we are compared to this Universe we are a part of.  ----  The 1.1 Foundation update is a great addition to the game in my opinion!  You have to give props to a small team of 8 people that they didn't just give up after the massive uproar of the gaming community against them! They really buckled down and put forth a lot of effort to prove to us that they are in this for the long haul and will stick with us and their game.  You can really tell in the update that there is a lot more in store for No Man's Sky and that is really exciting! --All in all I would say, if you are curious about No Man's Sky - wait for a steam sale, or family share it with a friend.  Give it a shot.  It REALLY is worth a chance!"
,Not Recommended,275850,25137550,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,ExibeR,Do not buy! Nothing more than a tech demo.
76561198044853737,Not Recommended,275850,30477873,Posted: 12 March,all,Myetel,"I figured No Man's Sky had gotten a critical beating, but they've had two major content patches, and it was on serious sale. I'd take a chance on it for space and planet exploration.First attempt, well, there's almost no guidance on ""normal"" mode. I ran out of charge on my mining laser almost immediately, and the only way to charge it is with plutonium, which, well, I couldn't pick up now, because I was out of mining laser charge. Went to start a new game. . . .. . . couldn't find a way to start a new game. Because there isn't one.Alt-tabbing out to read up on the game on the internet caused a black screen crash, had to restart my computer, check my drive for errors, get back in, do some research. . . yeah. There's no way to start a new game. In fact, to restart, you have to delete your only available game requires going into the bowels of Steam and conducting file necromancy. (Yes, there's a 'go back to an old save' option buried in the options menu. I found that later. It's right next to 'exit to desktop' which is a story I'll get to in a minute.)I sighed, and downloaded it to my son's machine, told him it was similar to Minecraft and Starbound, and he could try it once it was installed, via my Steam library. Except, yeah. Wouldn't even start on his brand-new laptop.I sighed again, and figured I would kick it around a bit in creative mode.I played for about 20 minutes. Tried to lift off into the sky to look for a space station. Promptly couldn't get my ship out of warp, and oh, look, no directions to on do so. Grabbed my phone, because I knew that alt-tabbing out to conduct a web search was a no-go. No directions online for *basic ship controls* that I was able to find--all kind of directions for upgrading ships, but basic controls that should have been covered in a tutorial? No.Reloaded to an old save, built a save point, saved properly, and tried to exit the game using the actual exit to desktop command (which, as I noted before, is buried in the Options menus). . . and promptly got a black screen which dictated that I had to crash my machine again.So. That's pretty much the end of that game for me. Glaring bugs that crash a pretty herky machine, horrible user interface (lack of basic game utilities, like saving and exiting that function?), and no tutorial or documentation. Strike three, you're out. Which makes me sad, as I wanted to give it a real chance."
,Not Recommended,275850,24879680,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Sereosh,"Was is worth it to delay the game on PC for ""improvements""? Is this game actually worth €60? Hell no. This game is not finished, why is that when I set the resolution to a 21:9 aspect ratio, everything is stretched horizontally? Why is the framerate so bad? What's up with the FOV, even on max I feel claustrophobic. Where's the freedom? I can't even land the ship on my own. The universe is not living, there are animals but where are the NPCs? They're either just ships and you can't see the pilot leaving the ship, or just non moving characters you can have some stupid dialog with them.This is the first time I ask for a refund on Steam, I'd suggest anyone that considers buying this game to see what it is beforehand, through video reviews for instance. This is the time where I wish we would still have demos. This game is AT LEAST €20 too expensive. Having 18 000 000 000 000 000 000 planets is meaningless when all you see is a rehash of what you've seen before, what about having a smaller universe but with more attention to the details? In game time says 1h played but I've played the PS4 version since it's release and hoped it would be better on PC, I was wrong!Anyway this game is not for me. I'll reconsider it when its price goes down, maybe.EDIT: The ending is♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,275850,34177939,Posted: 11 August,all,Bjnbenner,"This game isn't for everybody, but with each update it has gotten better and better. At 1.0, I wouldn't recommend this game, but at 1.3 I can now say that it is something I would tell my friends to get (especially on sale)."
,Not Recommended,275850,24846374,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Exanimem,This game has performed poorly across the board and a large amount of users are experiencing crashes. A product launching in the state this is in can no way be justified. The graphics are also quite poor and everything looks blurry. This game needed more delays and while playing this is more clear than anything.
,Not Recommended,275850,25092898,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,TINY RICKKKKK,"This game this ducking gameIt has crushed my dreams of there ever being a good space simThe game it's self is literally justFlyingLandingRefilling with fuelThen taking of again in hopes of finding a planet that is not a complete wasteland with little lifeThen finding out that when you get to the centre of the galaxy and then finding out that you don't even get reworded for all your time and effort not even a ducking thank you, it just takes you to another galaxy to start againSo in conclusion this game is a mess of lost hopes dreams and broken promises"
,Not Recommended,275850,25124839,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Trashman,"It's an absolute garbage, I have never asked for a refund on Steam before (thanks btw, customer service is amazing)"
76561198005419605,Not Recommended,275850,25780905,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,AghY,Hands down the biggest scam i've ever saw till now. the game is a joke... the developer deserves to be sued... avoid this like the plague!
,Not Recommended,275850,25781594,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Rorisjack,"So,I usually don't do reviews of games,But this time I really feel obligated to,It really hurts me to make a bad review of a game that I wanted so much,But this game, is terrible, the false advertisement is the terrible,And for the people who are hopefull for updates, don't be please,The game isn't probably going to be updated, probably they are even gonna TRY to sell DLC,They completly ignore all the bad comments about the game, they don't say anything about them, its just .. so bad.Like, just don't buy the game, its the worst mistake anybody could do.If you want something boring, if you want a lie, if you want something that is just as it is, a scam, even the planets that were shown were made by artists.You can buy it ..And for the people that say that we hyped the game ourselves, come on ... just look at the images on the Steam page, most of them don't exist in the game.Terrible, Hello Games is dead now, they arent gonna be selling games in quite a while now ..About 4 months after it launched - Still bad"
76561197981038478,Not Recommended,275850,25786272,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,[DARK] Mitch Taylor,"Really bad, I played 40 hours and found dull repeating landscapes, the same two aliens manning every station, building, facility and the same horrible flight controls throughout.Do not buy this game.  If I could get my 40 quid back, I would."
76561198085749522,Not Recommended,275850,25218057,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Frog,"Waste of money, horrible performance, keep crashing here, and after few hours playing it gets very boring.Please don't buy it."
,Not Recommended,275850,25218047,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Canadian Yeti,Not happy at all! what a big waste of money!! I WANT A REFUND!!!
76561198059936682,Not Recommended,275850,25403525,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,TaxiCaller,if it on sale for 10 $ its worth it.60$ is too much.your money would be better spent buying winRar...
,Not Recommended,275850,25111632,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Taggrin,"Not the game that was advertised. A lot of content that has been shown before is missing in the game and it could have been optimized much better. I still enjoyed playing it, but I simply can not recommend it to others in this state for this price. Wait for an update (which hopefully still will be free as promised) or for the price to drop.+ Awesome concept+ Steam achievements are relative easy to get- A lot of content is missing- Tends to get repetitive in the long run- Poorly optimized"
,Not Recommended,275850,25545399,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,the-fapinator csgobig.com,This game is one big fat lie.
76561198013770000,Not Recommended,275850,25545118,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Mirori,"The game is a huge dissapointment. It was expertly hyped, but is not the game that was hyped for. Grindiest game I've ever play, and WAY to overpriced for an indie game..."
76561198000237975,Not Recommended,275850,25231014,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Minsc,As if you already don't know.... The games advertising was basically illegal..Do not buy this game based on literally anything but gameplay footage and even then... :/
,Not Recommended,275850,25322428,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Engine Er,"The game itself is decent. But I can't recommend it in good conscience, given that the developers lied through their teeth about it. There's little that annoys me more than such blatant dishonesty, especially when directed at millions of actual and potential consumers.The bottom line is, don't buy this game. It's not worth the asking price, and they've syphoned enough money already out of a mislead market. If you do buy it, however, make sure you know 100% exactly what you're getting; given that there's hundreds of in-depth reviews about this on Youtube and tens of thousands of opinions on Steam, that won't be too difficult."
,Not Recommended,275850,25397064,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,GI Jesus,My reaction to No Mans Sky.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKCBWRU59zk
,Not Recommended,275850,25189954,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Evo,"I enjoyed it from what it was. Certinaly not what I was expecting from an awesome sci-fi survival game, infact it was a let down. If you don't mind repretitive gameplay, go ahead and enjoy. Just keep in mind that the game doesn't consist of much content, which is odd when you think that this game is based in space.I recommend you check out this website if you're on the edge of your seat ready to buy the game:http://www.onemanslie.info/the-original-reddit-post/Be ready to be disappointed. What a bunch of bolocks the developers promised us."
76561198141811386,Not Recommended,275850,25778729,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,spacemonkeytestpilot,full of lies and not complet
76561198035581507,Not Recommended,275850,25779560,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,FlankieOnPcin4k,"User reviews:RECENT:	        Overwhelmingly Negative (9,270 reviews)OVERALL:	Mostly Negative (69,665 reviews)Misleading advertising.What more needs to be said?"
76561198018193218,Not Recommended,275850,25790516,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Sticky Honeybuns,"This game is the biggest disappointment in the last decade.  The devs straight up lied about everything in this game.  Do not buy this game.  Dishonest developers do not deserve your hard earned money.  I played for 55 hours and I kept saying, ""Maybe the stuff they promised is there, I just havn't got there yet"".  Nope, it doesn't exist and they should be sued for blatant false advertising.  I waited this long to write something in hopes that the devs would at least add the things that were missing.  Nope, they haven't done anything.  On top of all of that the game runs like poop.  Better have a beast rig to even play it in the first place.DO NOT BUY!!!"
,Not Recommended,275850,25424080,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,ECkce,"Here is the gameplay:1. Find mats to make warp cores2. Don't have enough zinc3. Get enough zinc4. Make warp cores5. Warp a bunch6. Run out of cores7. Go back to 1Eventually you will get to 'center' of galaxy, which doesn't even give you an achievement. Go back to 1."
,Not Recommended,275850,25653638,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,mattrummins,"I really gave this game a chance.  I wanted to like it so much...  And because I played it long enough to give it a really good chance, I now cannot get a refund.  I even bought it on prerelease for my GF as well.  We were so excited.  £80 I could have spent on a game we could have enjoyed together...  That really hits you where you live, you know?  Puts me off buying games from Steam, might just go back to the Xbox.The game is no good.  Do not buy it.  It is boring and repetitive with little to redeem it.  If it had been released as a beta with the promise of more content to come, and if it had been £15 and not £40, then maybe it would have been worth it.  In case you do not know yet, the advert playing above bears little resemblance to the actual game.  The real ingenuity of this game is seen in the masterful way our expectations were manipulated by the developer."
76561198095245429,Not Recommended,275850,25859579,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,RageZA,Overwhelmingly deceptive marketing and over-all just not what I was promised. Very very disappointed
76561198069828585,Not Recommended,275850,25957968,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,ᅚ,¯\_(ツ)_/¯
,Not Recommended,275850,25817392,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,SturmKaiser,The developer lied.
,Not Recommended,275850,26505152,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,MrPuppy94,I'm gona keep it short.Scam.
76561198172967274,Not Recommended,275850,25822690,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Day Man,"I tried so hard to like this game.  I even tried to forgive the lies in advertising.  The game is beautiful but a complete waste of money.  This game has convinced me to never pre-order anything ever again.  Save your money.  If it goes on sale for 10 bucks it's probably worth it, other than that, steer clear."
,Not Recommended,275850,26113200,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,M(a)trix,"Piece of SH!T, I can't even refund it !!!! That's what you get on steam for trying to find at least something positive about this garbage (and it has almost nothing).P.S.: Steam, at least remove all those missleading videos/screenshots from your page!"
,Not Recommended,275850,26113732,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Cтарый мастер,"19/10/2016 17 Hours game playedIt's time, tiem to refundIt was a great start but a bad journeyGood Luck"
,Not Recommended,275850,25957912,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,wilson3714,not what was advertised
76561198061681123,Not Recommended,275850,25423564,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,NinjaM0nkey,"Lies, Lies, Lies eveywhere"
76561198021602281,Not Recommended,275850,25398660,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Starstep,"The only reason people played for that long and cannot refund anymore is that they were hoping they have spawned in a bad planet by pure chance, try to jump from planet to planet proved to be useless as everything seemed similar at best. Many still play the game hoping to find what they were promised. with 18GodKnowsHowManyZero planets, finding what was shown in the trailers will be extremely unlikely not to say impossible."
,Not Recommended,275850,26702345,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,ArmoredStone,"$60 I will never see again.Also, I'm pretty sure I already negatively reviewed this game. Pretty sure that was somehow deleted."
,Not Recommended,275850,26405823,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Ighox,:(
,Not Recommended,275850,26192912,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,FoxGlove,LAWSUIT
,Not Recommended,275850,26279341,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,JennyRex,"Followed the games progress long before it was released and just couldn’t wait, sitting here now with buyer remorse and feeling hurt about everything not-as-advertised that seems like deception. Not a terrible game on its own (not worth the price listed) but the overwhelming feeling of being duped leaves me with a very negative opinion on the entire thing."
76561198115563653,Not Recommended,275850,26117526,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Dr. Feelgooden,"This game was a waste of money and time. Given the developers promised the role of discovery, exploration, and adventure, they aslo promised other features. All though they are technically there within the game, the universe provided is so huge that it makes the encounter of such events and opportunities so miniscule that they might as well not have even been implimented. It would have been much better if the developers created the game on a much smaller scale so that the oppourtunity of meeting other players ingame could have happened and much more features could have been intoduced. Though the game does hold future potential, it might as well been classified under false advertising as so much was promised only to be a let down for many players who wanted a little more action and less running around every twenty minutes trying to find fuel for your spacecraft."
76561198065829757,Not Recommended,275850,25331892,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,PinkUnicornBlah,"This game, what can I say about this game. Well nothing that's what I can say because that is what we were given. From multiplayer to space battles we were given a gutted shell of a game. I only wanted this game to play with friends and low and behold that wasn't a feature that was given to us. Even though in an interview with Sean Murray he clearly states that multiplayer and even Griefing was a possibility but nope. That is nowhere to be seen in the end product.Don't buy, plain and simple. You won't get what was promised."
76561198072938039,Not Recommended,275850,25315196,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Hellbringer95,"This game was absolutely not worth $60. Heck, $10 would be to much for this piece of garbage."
,Not Recommended,275850,26550089,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,BIDOOF,Is it too late to get my money back? I could have spent that 59.99 on blackjack and hookers.
76561198050061359,Not Recommended,275850,25264588,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Flat|Line,Just... don't.
,Not Recommended,275850,26078843,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,MajorJebus,"If I could get my money back, I would."
,Not Recommended,275850,25264585,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,✪Dogyee,This game is nothing like sean said it would be! dont recommend to buy this game!
76561197985781706,Not Recommended,275850,25191897,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Azathul,Game was not what the developers promised.
,Not Recommended,275850,25218513,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Kaelath The Red,"The standard Steam refund policy applies to No Man's Sky. There are no special exemptions available. Click here for more detail on the Steam refund policy.There is a reason the store page lists this, It's because the game takes more than 2 hours before you can find enough materials to repair your starting space ship and fly into space, where you will abrubtly learn that there is nothing in space to do other than shoot asteroids and giant space ships that contain Iron and don't shoot back at you. At which point you're instantly bored fly to another solar system or to another planet in the current one and realise the planet is just a recolored version of the starting planet and you continue doing the same thing of walking around refilling your life support every 2 minutes and shooting rocks, sometimes you'll find a building with an alien in it where you get to guess what material they want which rewards you with some credits or other material. Rinse and Repeat.This game doesn't warrant a $60 purchase because it has less content than Minecraft Alpha had and anyone defending this game is just in denial to how much Hello Games has screwed them out of money.Do not purchase this game."
76561198021877225,Not Recommended,275850,26185795,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,matthew_turneys,"A tech demo packaged as a full price AAA title. Totally mis-sold with lies and false advertising to rack up enormous pre-order sales. The initial 2 hours are fairly fun, intriguing and full of promise. Any subsequent playing time reveals very little substance and becomes repetitive and pointless very quickly. Should have been released as an early access title.Pros-Some nice classic sci-fi vistas and screenshot opportunities-Shooting down pirates when your ship is fully upgraded is fairly fun-Some ships look coolCons-No point in collecting more money-Farming resources gets very boring-Planets aren't dangerous or difficult to survive on at all-Lack of free flying mode-Alien interactions are poor and have no variety-Lack of variety when exploring new planets-Lots of repeating animal species-Poorly optimized for pc"
76561198005694157,Not Recommended,275850,25154621,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Stoko_Prime,"This isn't a game, it's a tech demo.The developers spent a great deal of time getting their engine to work, but they failed to include any substance to make the goal of getting to the center of the galaxy interesting. Combat is minecraft level simplistic, resource gathering is largely pointless, and you can't build anything other than add-on modules for your gear/ship.I've got a pretty good feeling that this game will be abandonware within the next 6 months to a year. No one will ever hear from the devs again, Sony will stop all support on the PS4, and unlucky suckers like me will be out $60 because we didn't read the reviews before hitting the purchase button.It's like a slightly more stable, less feature rich StarForge at the moment, and I don't think it's going to get any better. Not now, not ever.DO NOT BUY THIS ""GAME"" UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES"
76561198044983355,Not Recommended,275850,25490925,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,slayerluis,"Unfortunatley this game is not what it was being portraied to be. Eventho the game has potential be ready to just explore planet after planet that does not have civilizations or large amount of life in it, just rocks and more rocks. Also, it is very buggy; Game crashes randomly, sometimes low fps, If game minimized it will not come back up. The list is almost endeless. I defenitely do hope they fix the game especially since 60 dollars was paid; unfortunatley the game is not where it needs to be, or atleast what they promised the game to be."
76561197981450423,Not Recommended,275850,25810973,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Lorde Waffles,♥♥♥♥♥game is♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,275850,25997420,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Hash Slinging Slushie,I believe this game had a lot of potential but it was all talk and no show.
,Not Recommended,275850,26450535,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,[USSR] TheRussianDictator,"I watched the previews for it and this game looked amazing, I was hyped. After i got it it wasnts that good. It was a constant grind and nothing interesting happened. Aliens are pointless, trade is bad, fights are terrible, factions are pointless, all planets are the same, same glitches on atch planet, same terrain on each planet, and same concept throught the whole game. Worst of all i can't refund it, that really pisses me off. It was 60 dollars for a game that was nothing they said it was. I just hate the developers, and steam for not letting me refund it. JUST KYS AND I'M GONNA KMS"
,Not Recommended,275850,26215450,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Nartalja,"I tried to like this game so much. In the end, it does not have the play value it promises. Infinite exploration becomes infinite boredom as soon as you realize that they have almost no variation in their algorithms. The same plants, rocks, wildlife, bases and space stations appear every other planet with hardly any variety. Unfortunately, by the time you realize this you are too late to refund.tl;dr: Massive cashgrab because no replay value due to limited nature of algorithm."
76561197974713969,Not Recommended,275850,25423704,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Thor God,"land on a planet, farm crap, leave planet, land on planet, farm same crap..... repeat... Horrible ending... horrible game play, horrible flight controls, enjoyable for about 4 hours. hardly anything that was said to be in this game is in this game. For example, no multiplayer.."
76561198003874731,Not Recommended,275850,25423969,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,AddOnArmor,"I've played 18 hours and I have not requested a refund. The game is pretty cool for a few hours, and I kept playing, because I've been looking forward to this game for a long time. It didn't totally disappoint, but I've been to a bunch of solar systems and all the planets are pretty much the same. Actually all but a couple of planets have had toxic atmospheres, which overall is just a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥for no gain. I finally found a planet with high sentinels and gravitino balls, which are a cash grab big time, but so what? I fight tons of sentinels for some balls, I manage to buy some better ships. I spend considerable time trying to learn some alien language, collecting stones, but so what? With only a few dialog options I apparently ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tted my way through it, by selecting a random response. There was a few times where I could actually figure my response based on the words I knew. So, ♥♥♥♥ing, what?I thought the flora and fauna was randomly generated, but I've seen the same big♥♥♥♥♥land-clam plant thing on every planet. Every single planet, regardless of atmosphere.I haven't been able to launch the game again. I want to enjoy it! I just can't. I can see more diversity in my backyard, which is anchored in reality.I did rename some species with ""dong"" in the name, like the ""Tiny Donghorn"" so I got some laughs. It isn't worth sixty bucks I don't think, but it isn't worth zero either. ♥♥♥♥, I don't know.Overall? I would not recommend this game. Check out Planet Explorers (been going a while, but they are working hard, and there is a lot of progress, still going!) build your own vehicles, build colonies/bases, armor, weapons. Elite Dangerous (which is a big♥♥♥♥♥♥show scam, but the first person cockpit view is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing). Star Trek Online, which has dated graphics but excellent 3rd person ship battles. Watch some videos before you buy!"
,Not Recommended,275850,25442673,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Super Hans,I knew what I was getting into when I first saw the game. It looked like a colourful Elite: Dangerous but less complicated and with more features (or so I thought).Pity it looks like $h1t with a capable rig.I gave it 17 hours worth of game time to be fair with my recommendation but this game has been out a month now and it's a disgrace how rubbish it still is.
76561198240487238,Not Recommended,275850,26113270,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,sakethsonu123,"'NO MAN'S SKY' more like 'BIG FAT LIE'....and wow im surprised that sean is not in politics, he would make a perfect politician"
76561198137219182,Not Recommended,275850,26375604,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,kthulsey,Most expensive LIE I've ever purchased.
,Not Recommended,275850,26376618,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,donut_time,"Decent game, but there are two major issues:1. Too expensive relative to the content.2. Worst developer dishonesty I've ever seen in a AAA release.If it would have been $29.99, I may have given it a thumbs-up. Probably not though. I've put a lot of time into this game, but most of this was while listening to podcasts. Very little focus and attention is ever required from the player. Wait until a 75% sale before risking your money."
,Not Recommended,275850,26396365,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Hitmanstone,"Massive Disapointment always doing the same thing over and over again.. the ships are small and pewney, the aliens are sparce and I feel cheated!Absolute crap"
,Not Recommended,275850,26448924,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,D_cRypT,Worst decision of my life.
,Not Recommended,275850,26307969,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,AlexAndBirds,"While it is a good game, the gameplay gets repetitive after a few galaxies and with little to no quest system (that I have found) there is not much drive to play the game other than if you really enjoy exploring random worlds.Though it seems the random world generator could do with some work, most planets are similar with colour changes or weirdly deformed creatures roaming the surface. I wouldn't recommend paying full price for this game, unless the developers fix several things and actually make the game interesting aside from roaming space."
,Not Recommended,275850,26102450,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,wang-in-a-pingu,"Not only no, but ♥♥♥♥ no."
76561198083789713,Not Recommended,275850,26083535,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,izzy,FINALLY AN UPDATE CAME OUT THE GAME STILL SUCKS DONT BUY UNLESS IT COST $15 OR LESS BELIEVE ME YOU WILL REGRET PAYING ALMOST ANY PRICE FOR THIS GAME CAUSE ONCE YOU GET PASS THE BEGINING AND THINK OH THE GAME IS STARTING ITS NOT IT IS JUST GONNA CONTINUE FOREVERAND YOU WILL HATE EVERY MINUTE AFTER THAT
,Not Recommended,275850,26291423,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Porpel Pepe,GOODBYE GAMES
,Not Recommended,275850,25406458,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,[D*P] Flux,As bad as everyone says it is.  This company should be held accountable for such crap.  May these people feel as terrible as their game is.  Would never buy anything from this developer again.
76561198062208079,Not Recommended,275850,25701641,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Sparnado,"As much as I enjoyed playing this game for the first 20 hours or so, it got boring way too quick. The description and promises that were made by the developers do not match my expectation at all. 3 races of aliens, planets with repetitive building styles and structures, boring landscapes, and limited story. This game is well made, but not worth the price in consideration to the amount of enjoyment."
,Not Recommended,275850,26013129,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Validuz,I like how you learn stuff from games. Makes you think as you play them!...I feel cheated. And i learn't never to preorder♥♥♥♥♥♥anymore.
76561198040765605,Not Recommended,275850,26013252,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Gondall,"This game is trash. It absolutely does NOT include everything promised, and fails to run on ~80% of computers that should have good enough specs to not have any issues. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME"
,Not Recommended,275850,24887700,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,mewn,"Thanks for the refund. Hype train as landed. Boring and nothing to do. All zillions of planets looks the same, all squirrel likes monsters looks the same."
,Not Recommended,275850,24846448,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Fendera,"If you want to pay 60+ bucks for an Alpha Game that should be tagged as Early Access, then go ahead and buy it. I can not recommend this game at its current state.."
76561198255953473,Not Recommended,275850,25786495,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Terminal Byte,"I had previously written a review for this game saying that it was amazing and that I loved it. Well, I'm here to change my mind. It was NOT worth $60. Maybe like $20 or $25. Even with lots of bugs and the possibility that it was falsly advertised, it makes it seem a bit questionable. I did enjoy it for a while, but then I noticed things getting very repetitive. Scan, discover, upload, repeat. Scan, discover, upload, repeat. Repeat. Repeat... And with a lot of the ""randomly created creatures"" appearing multiple times on different planets, it gets annoying. And gathering resources for your ship: land, gather, refuel, take-off, warp, repeat. Land, gather, refuel, take-off, warp, repeat. Repeat. Repeat... And with no story or anything other than a destination to get to, it just gets boring and uninteresting really fast. After nearly 60 hours in this game trying to give it a chance, I just lost interest and uninstalled it.If you want a space exploration game, this is not it.There's no mutiplayer. You can only craft parts, weapon, suit, multitool and ship upgrades. There is no building ability. Perhaps if building structures were a thing it would be a little more interactive. But then it would just seem like a glorified version of Minecraft."
,Not Recommended,275850,25746058,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,WipWapBootySlap,What was promised to me wasn't in the final build.Even the screenshots and the video showcasing the game aren't showing you what the game is. It's showing you what it could have been.It's a shell of a game and I would advise anyone I know not to give it the time of day.
76561197993285930,Not Recommended,275850,26189473,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Stereo,People want to knock the game but it is what it is.  Explore and collect resources.  Space flight is extremely shallow.  Not worth $60.00 but I would pick it up again for $5 on a steam sale.
,Not Recommended,275850,25336490,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Sgt Muath,bad
,Not Recommended,275850,26538344,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,lennyskater,dont bother
,Not Recommended,275850,25875161,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,LAWD FRIEZA,"This game is horrible. Steam continues to allow this false trailer to play on their game page. They are openly lying for Hello Games. This game is a shell of what is shown in the trailer. Absolutely no content. Just an interactive wallpaper. On top of that, my game has bugged to a point where I spawn falling from the sky with my ship floating above. There is no way to access the ship. I can't jump high enough. I've requested a refund to Steam but they've rejected it. I haven't played this game in over a month and have no plan on doing so. I believe I was robbed of $60 due to deceiftful marketing by Steam and Hello Games. The game is unplayable and even if it was playable, it isn't worth playing. I hope the class action lawsuit against Hello Games is succesful and we are all awarded the money we had stolen from us. Shame on you Steam. I used to defend you but you're a part of the problem.I seriously give this game a 1/10. Shame on you Sean Murray, you scumbag lying worthless piece of ****."
,Not Recommended,275850,26548566,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,GreenDragon,"Man man man. So much lies and so much promises that never came true.I really wanted to like this game, but I just can't.You probably have 2 hours of fun, right when the refund time is over. But then it starts to get really boring and repetitive. You can't even fully control your own ship! Space combat is pretty bad too. One thing I like to do sometimes was farming rare items like venom sacs to sell at the spacestation to buy a new ship. The npc are all just statues who poop out lines of text and even that runs out of variety. You'll regularly come across a npc that says the same as a few before.After about 15 star systems, you have seen everything there is to see. Some places are beautifull to visit, but that gets old as well. The reason I still have played this long is because I really wanted to like it and find something cool (Like that sandworm or big dinosaur), but then I realised that everything is the same. The plants look litteray the same on every planet, animals are just some parts attached to each other (sometimes resulting in a pretty weird creature) and not much variation in them. The graphics are okay though. If they used these graphics and made the game actually be like in the trailers then it would have been a lot better. The game isn't even a 'real' universe. The star systems are all just levels or instances if you will. If you try to manually fly to another star, you get trapped and the game glitches out. The planets don't move around a star as we were told. It's just a skybox with a star that rotates around the planets. The devs are on vacation or something, we haven't heard anything from them since a few weeks after the release. And some people had bugs and performance issues, but I haven't really encountered those. The price is ridiculous for a game like this, wait for a sale and then still don't buy it. At last, the center of the galaxy, your ultimate goal. This is the most insulting ending I've ever seen or heard of in gaming history. I'll tell you about it after the pros and cons, so mind the spoilers. It's worth it tho ;)Cons:- Mining is extremely repetitive- No/not much variation on animals, plants and planets- Bad combat- NPC's not interesting- Skybox- Bad support- No multiplayer, which they promised.- PricePros:- Graphics are okay- Music is good- That's it really ;)- Now has base building- Big packs of freighters like in the trailers, which you can buy and help outI would give this game a 3/10May this never happen again.Now about the center of the galaxy. Mind the spoilers again.So you have this ultimate goal. The goal you have to reach, to put time into. To grind your way through the galaxy for.You would expect some epic finale or something. I don't even know what I expected.But guess what. Instead of something cool, awesome or beautifull you get NOTHING. Absolutely NOTHING. Once you warp to the center of the galaxy, the starmap just zooms out for what seems like an eternety. Once fully zoomed out, you get one last look at the galaxy you are in. Then it zooms back in, but now on a different galaxy. Dramatic zoom and music intensifies. And then the screen goes white, just like when you started your game for the first time and you get to start all over again. Through the same grind, same boring gameplay and same non variety of planets. Some people have even done that for about 100 galaxies and still found nothing. Unbelievable.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Edit:They have released an update named the 'Foundation Update'. This update is really big and a great step in the right direction. But for now, I still don't recommend it until they add even more to the game. Once they do I will edit my review again. It probably is 3/10 with the current update."
76561198003627628,Not Recommended,275850,25581189,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,McGruff,"Meh.. I've put a couple of days into it and I don't really think I could recommend it. I know I'm trying to get to the center of the universe and that I should explore, but I don't really know why...  This game is really been about inventory management for me. The only reason I explore and harvest resources is to get better gear so that I can carry more resources to get even better gear to carry even more resources.... It's all very repetitive, even the buildings look the same. If you're into aimlessly wandering around a huge universe, just to see what' kind of stuff you will find, then this is the game for you. There is also some over space combat, which is somewhat fulfilling. So, that could give you some purpose, you could see how awesome of a ship you can build for combat. I'll maybe give it a few more days but I can't see myself playing this long term."
,Not Recommended,275850,25055926,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,ManaBrave,"So...I started the game...I really liked it at first...but after a few hours of gameplay the game lost its shine, worlds were almost identical to eachother, I saw almost the same monsters on every planet, plants looked identical.  Space combat and flight was sub par at best, and discovering new species was a glorified game of Pokemon Snap.  If you are interested in the game, you could get a good 10 hours of fun out of it at most, but beyond that...doing the same repetitive grinding for a bigger ship.  Stay away from this one."
,Not Recommended,275850,25282858,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Volatek,Worse sci-fi game
,Not Recommended,275850,26365919,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,needy,should have gotten a ♥♥♥♥ing pr0nhub account then this♥♥♥♥♥
76561198095256389,Not Recommended,275850,26125935,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Kappatalist | Fyrion,No. No. No. GODAMN YOU HELLO GAMES!
76561198022191491,Not Recommended,275850,26254591,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Konii,"A note for any game developer, ever.DO NOT. EVER. FALSE ADVERTISE. YOUR GAME."
76561198003908905,Not Recommended,275850,26645648,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Lockt,"It's a tech demo or a scam, not sure which one but it's absolutely not woth your money"
76561197977426149,Not Recommended,275850,25282744,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Hexod,"If you want to spend hours doing litterally nothing for nothing, go right ahead. If not, flee!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,275850,25854778,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,DJOveryde,"After a lot of hype about this game, and the fact I jumped on the bandwagon of excitement I was extremely dissapointed with the fact that this game shows very little to what it actually said the game was about.I as many other players are disgusted with Steam for supporting a game that has profusely lied to its players about the game.Not even a dev update in the last month to say ""Hey were still here fixing bugs and getting new content ready for you!""I have played a total of 16hrs in order to give the game a chance to actually shine. And well. It hasnt.Its lied, steam has lied, and well apparently I am not eligible a refund EVEN THOUGH this game is a GIANT BAG of False Advertising!**Do Not buy this game, it is false, and the development team are utterly useless!**Utterly attrocious. And yet steam doesnt understand that by the looks of it, it was just a ploy for the developer to make money and then dissapear into the void with it all... Steam refund everyone please and pull this game off the store! Im sure everyone will use the money to buy another game anyway!"
76561198275777218,Not Recommended,275850,25985076,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Sh0n,pretty bland. got very boring after a short time.
,Not Recommended,275850,25985476,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Onibubu,Under a 1000 people right now are playing this game 2 months after release.There is really nothing else to add to that fact.The game is a scam
76561198067799218,Not Recommended,275850,25985656,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,klootviool,"to qoute the almighty Johny;""You're tearing me apart lisa!"""
76561198301272685,Not Recommended,275850,26077729,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,halaweh.alexandre,Scam simulator 2016
76561197998513988,Not Recommended,275850,26076556,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Seftir,Don't.
76561197999755419,Not Recommended,275850,26076666,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Ziggies,"I've never been happier to get a game, then so quickly miserable about the decision. Everything I thought I'd love about the game wasn't in the game. Complete lie. I played it more than enough to find this all out on my own. Shouldn't even be available for sale in its current condition. The fact that the developer won't show his face or stand behind his product speaks volumes. A real shame, had so much potential.."
76561198085205326,Not Recommended,275850,26126311,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,AvatarMayer,No.
76561198092061973,Not Recommended,275850,26126174,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,alex.holly,ITS♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,275850,25281075,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Basim Abdullah,Arabicاللعبة مجرد بحث واستكشاف وسفر بين الكواكب وعدم مصداقية المطور في اللعبة ونقص بعض الاشياء التي تحدث عنها المطور وايضاً اللعب غير ممتع احس انه شغل ابحث طور استكشف
,Not Recommended,275850,25996976,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Smiley,"Overpromised and underdelivered. If you like a game that consists of grind after grind, you might be entertained. Other than that, stay away."
76561198148513940,Not Recommended,275850,26615130,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,CharleyBig5puds,"This has to be the most pointless game I have ever played. Believed the reviewers that said it got better after a few hours, It really does not it gets worse. Steam refused to refund me because I had played 15 hours in the hope that something would improve like the reviews had said. Do not buy this game."
,Not Recommended,275850,26046191,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,BABA GANOUSH skinsjar.com,One Man's Lie♥♥♥♥♥iest game ever played. kysI rate -5 pepes / 10
76561198101193480,Not Recommended,275850,25079936,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Muscular Vas Deferens,"the ultimate bait and switch,that results in a sore♥♥♥♥♥as well.edit: it's being investigated for false advertisement. that alone is enough reason to stay clear of this game."
76561198052283494,Not Recommended,275850,25079975,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,TIF_Brown,"Kept scrolling looking for a positive review...Left disapointed.55 hours in, its a terrible excuse for a game built around a shell of lies.Most expensive Alpha game i will ever buy. I will NEVER pre-order a game again, GG.No wonder there was such a strong early review embargo.We all brought a lovely pair of Emporers Pants."
76561198017059762,Not Recommended,275850,26720969,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Phreaker919,"The game has very little content so the $60 price is insane. Many of the trailers show things that are simply not in the game. The developers have been silent since its release, other than a few patches for bugs. It was kind of interesting at the start, but after a few hours/solar systems you've essentially seen everything the game has to offer."
76561198323462751,Not Recommended,275850,25507887,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Mopar 11,this game is absolute garbage.. would be more entertaining to just stare at a blank sheat of paper. waste of my money.
76561198006564653,Not Recommended,275850,25072140,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,bangarang,"This game is absurdly overpriced. Sean Murray CLEARLY lied about numerous features that were not included in the game. All you do in this game is explore and obtain resources. That's literally it. That would be enough, maybe, if all planets didn't play out exactly the same way. Hot/Cold/Toxic/Radiated, they all are the same. Those factors don't change anything. The life on it will vary, but even creatures are the same besides looks. Few will ""attack"" you but they're rare and are easily killed/avoided. Planets have cosmetic differences but all have the same general resources available aside from some that have special things like ""poison sacs"" that can be harvested and sold. Some rare variety would have been fantastic, something like really rarely finding a small civ on a planet in the stone age or something. But no, there's nothing besides numerous outposts with on alien sitting in a chair not moving.Ship customizing hardly exists, they all operate the same way in combat. There isn't ""classes"" as we were told.There are no factions. The ""intelligent"" life in the game you come across has literally have no effect on the game at all. They occassionally give you a blueprint for a tech you probably don't need or want if you answer their vague ramblings with the correct response. It would have been awesome to see actual life in giant space stations other than one alien sitting in a chair.The galaxy doesn't feel alive. Planets don't rotate around their stars as we were told.I won't spoil the ending, but I will say I have no idea at all how they thought that it would be satisfying or players would enjoy it. None at all. It's as if they didn't even test it on people outside of their 15 strong development team. There's no way anybody, even the biggest supporters, like the ending. It's absurd.This game could have been great. Most people probably would have been okay with it if it had the price of a normal indie game of $20-30. $60 is entirely too much and I can't recommend it at all."
,Not Recommended,275850,25624147,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,PeterPixel,"The game is ok. But, it is no where near as cool as it was advertised to be. It is a good game but I don't think it's worth what it costs until it becomes what it was meant to be. I would recomend this game if it were cheaper but it's not so I'm affraid I will have to say no, I do not recomend this game. But, I do recomend following it so if it does become what it was supposed to be in the first place, it's worth buying."
76561198043290951,Not Recommended,275850,26086948,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Kojak,"THE REASON I WILL NEVER PREORDER  A GAME EVER!, This game was an empty promise that just mislead our gaming community. We need to learn from this so we as gamers should never have through go through this experience agan."
76561197980346324,Not Recommended,275850,26342999,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Toaltec,"I wracked up 7 hours of play - well my 5 year old son did - whilst I waited for the promise of patches and fixes to remedy this mess of a game.  My wait proved to be fruitless, as the scope of the debacle that this game is became evident.  Steam still refused to give me a refund, though, despite this game being one of the most infamous of PC launch disasters in recent memory.A poor show from developers and Steam alike, I'm afraid.Avoid!"
,Not Recommended,275850,26021123,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Snaiperskaya,"This could've been a great game, but what was promised and what was delivered and no where near the same. Technically, it's impressive, but the gameplay is just repeat of the same thing and there's nothing to work towards that's worth the time.This game might be a fun indie game if it was <$20, but at full price it's just a waste of money and the devs have been silent basically since release, so I'm not hopeful for much improvement anytime in the future."
76561197991718572,Not Recommended,275850,25402596,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Mr.Pipboy,"Interesting idea for half of a game, but overall very boring anf broken.  Avoid."
,Not Recommended,275850,25283205,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Suz,"The first 10 hours or so were entertaining to me, finding and discovering new things, but after that it became apparent I was just seeing more and more of the same stuff with nothing new that the game had to offer. So I rushed to the center to just mark this game off as finished.And then deleted it.Not worth £40 in any galaxy out there!"
76561198002160477,Not Recommended,275850,25215129,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Captain Smokes,"Before I say anything else, I am not someone who bought this game expecting/hoping for multiplayer etc etc. I knew what kind of game it was going to be and I was happy knowing that it's essentially a single player game.It is unfortunate, but for me personally this game really fell flat. I still think it's quite an achievement, what Hello Games have managed to create. Especially given the size of their studio. But it wasn't quite good enough, which is a shame. I wanted to like this game.When I think of the number of planets in this game (or try to.. it's a freaking big number), and yet there are elements to this game that seem so shallow. The variation of the planets is quite amazing but, the buildings, for one thing, get incredibly boring when you see the same designs on every planet. There are several designs of building and are always found in one of a handful of combinations. There are always the same things to interact with inside those buildings. Ship designs are sometimes quite cool but their function is always the same barring upgrades. Of course that's the whole point of upgrades but I was expecting actual classes of ships. I think that would have added much more depth.I get that this is a survival and exploration game, so it is expected that you would have to repeat certain activities to ensure your survival. But I just wasn't expecting it to get boring so fast. This is just my view. I am happy that some people are enjoying it and I am sad that others (myself included) are not. I would rate the game 3/5 and sadly, I personally would not (currently) recommend this game.Perhaps in time with updates, this game will improve. And I will gladly change my review if my opinion of the game changes. I will keep checking back to see what updates they have done and fingers crossed, things get better."
,Not Recommended,275850,26023888,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Emeritus,Don't buy.If you want a barebones survival game then there are several others worthy of your time OR wait for this game to have a massive drop in price.
76561198078376590,Not Recommended,275850,26198499,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Rys,The definition of cancer and scams.
,Not Recommended,275850,26723679,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,President Donald J. Trump,It's yuge but in a bad way.
,Not Recommended,275850,26616224,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Splastic,"A poor game, no updates since release dates, have basically stuck their middle fingers up at us and said "" thanks for giving us your hard earned cash for an incomplete indie game"" if memory serves it has a 2Gb download for this heap of stinking garbage and for £40!!! what the hell, at first i was hopeful they might actually live up to their promises but now after months of owning the game and hearing nothing back or even a single update for the game pop up im now starting to realised that all of us got mugged over. in my eyes we should all get our money back for this♥♥♥♥♥♥poor excuse of a game, maybe get abit of compensation for having to conned into buying something that was falsely advertized from the start..... but sadly we wont get a refund or an apology, instead be left in the dark with the feeling of being scammed. my advice if you havent already noticed where i was going with this rant is not to buy the crappy game, the company should be banned from ever making another game in my eyes for lying to us in the first place to sell their♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198026286411,Not Recommended,275850,25996732,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Drumond,Cons:#overpriced#overpriced#OVER#PRICED
76561198035322847,Not Recommended,275850,24864225,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Conor,"Feels horrible. Looks horrible. Runs horrible. Horrible UI. Horrible gamey systems. Horrible 'feel'. Point at the thing and click on it to make it disappear. Doesn't matter if it's an enemy, a rock, or a plant. Repeat. A lot. Play Morrowind and randomly tweak the colour settings on your monitor to get a similar (better) gaming experience."
76561198064573180,Not Recommended,275850,25590542,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Haggisbeard,Absolute waste of my time. Do not buy this game until mods make it worth playing. 2/10 would not reccommend.
,Not Recommended,275850,25140424,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,mulatto,"The game is entertaining for a while, but suddenly it becomes the most boring game you have ever played. Not worth $60, maybe $20.Good:-Upgrading your ship and multitool is fun-Exploring is fun for a while-It's fun when you get a new shipBad:-All planets are basically the same-Ships are the same except for appearance and slot count-Planets do not match screenshots, all of them are rocky and barren and boring-Not much variation in the game-Main objectives are super boring, literally just ""go here""-Gameplay is repetitive-Many promised features are missing-Game is horribly optimized"
76561198114272373,Not Recommended,275850,25470704,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Noceris,Just incase anyone was considering buying this game......DONT!!Its exactly like everyone is saying... fun for a few hours until you realise you have been lied to!biggest ripoff i have ever playedWhat have they done to make it better ......... NOTHING!!!they just telling us to bend over and take itDont buy anything off these money grabbersSteam wont refund you when you find out its a lie as you must play for well over 2 hours to find out.I hope you people out there who havent been ripped take this warning and keep your $89 for something decent.
,Not Recommended,275850,25152001,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Uncredible,"Very limited game, can't get a refund :\"
76561198092266575,Not Recommended,275850,25152056,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,peppergoat,looks great for 10 min then sucks
,Not Recommended,275850,25136147,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,surrealalucard,"The developer promised (yes promised) much and delivered very little.If you enjoy flying from rock to rock to look at critters that look pretty similar, scan plants that look exactly the same (yes I mean you coral looking thing) and mine the same rocks over and over, until you reach the galactic center, and get the ""suprise"" the dev talked about, then this game is for you.Yes I pre-ordered it, and I will be keeping it for the sole fact that its pretty moddable, and I like to see all the features that were actually left in the files, but not in the game.TLDR;Don't get this, save your $60 for a movie date, or a better game."
,Not Recommended,275850,25152083,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Zombie_Clown,"Spoiler Alert on why this game doesn't deserve a dime:The center of the galaxy, the very purpose of this game, is a ♥♥♥♥ing pan shot. The creaters made the game zoom out, and that's it. That is the end.But Beyond that, this game essentially prodecurally generates a universe from about twice as many blocks as minecraft builts its world from. It's got less unique blocks than Terreria, and quite frankly, every planet looked the same."
,Not Recommended,275850,25152575,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,brittnee,Not worth $60.  Boring as heck.
,Not Recommended,275850,25547420,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Kidlat Tahimik,wasted my money
,Not Recommended,275850,25546391,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,RhymesWithPsycho,"After 169 hours with No Man's Sky, I think I've exhausted all of the possibilities of interest that would potentially make me want to play more. I've seen all kinds of alien species, learned all of the Korvax language and most of the Gek and Vykeen languages. Read the histories of the 3 species, and fought countless pirates, sentinels, and elements to ""survive.""Ironically, the most compelling aspects of the game are when you are improving yourself and following the paths laid out be the game's creators. I got to 48 inventory slots on my first few planets and got a 48 slot ship a few days later using my knowledge of how the game generates crashed ships, and I had every upgrade possible within the first 40 some hours of play. I completed the path of Atlas which basically told me that following the path of Atlas was pointless, and then I got to the center of the first galaxy which demonstrated that following the path to the center of the galaxy was pointless.There are a few threads of interest from the text you can find in the infested bases, but they seemed to lead nowhere, and if they do lead somewhere, they're far too vague. I thought I would try to figure out the massive unmarked portals in the game, but my efforts were in vain, and a day later someone confirmed that any code attached to them was disabled. Fun...I dug deep pits only to find a hard central spherical core you could not get past only a few meters below the surface of every world. I got every achievement available except the one where you have to sit on one extremely hazardous world for something like 2 days of real time (wtf). I traded to increase my units on space stations until I was bored to tears... Only to realize that once you have a 48 slot ship, your units are pretty much useless.All in all, I see the potential for something great, but the lack of knowledgeable game design leaves us with something pathetically mediocre and unfortunately overhyped. I look forward to seeing if they're able to overcome their own hubris to actually make the changes necessary and add the game design systems needed to turn this into a great product, but until that day... I don't want to spread the disappointment I feel to others, which in no small part, was due to my fervent desire to play until I found the truly impressive game that I felt must be inside NMS."
76561198089710135,Not Recommended,275850,26735992,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Jasaanupnorth,"dissapointing, maybe they should have just gone with limited number of planets and focused more on creating a more exciting game.."
,Not Recommended,275850,25984821,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,ZaneKrios,"I got the game thinking it was going to be sweet played for an hour, thought maybe i need to play more. so i did when i played more nothing changed its just a boring uneventful game. I all looks cool but theres just not enough there for it to be a 60 dollar game. if its on sale for like 10 bucks its worth it then but until then dont bother."
,Not Recommended,275850,26405424,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,>NRTH< Caboose,I don't even think mods could save this one.
,Not Recommended,275850,26408195,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Vslyce,"I purchased No Man's Sky hoping to be able to experience the game as it was displayed on the steam store. I wasn't able to. The game ran terribly on my computer (which far exceeds recomended system requirements), to the point where it was unplayable. Through my entire time playing, I didnt see or experience many of the things I had wanted to. Things that are advertised on the steam store page. I encountered countless crashes, and eventually my save game was corrupted. I was hopeful, I wanted to developers to release updates that fixed my issues, but my issues were never fixed. I just wish I could get a refund."
,Not Recommended,275850,25404283,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,[CPU] Mickey,"Just like everyone else I knew better yet still paid for this game. Beat the Atlas path and got to the center of multiple galaxies just to see that literally everything about the game was pointless. Should have called it Yet Another Survival Title although I guess it wasn't really a challenge to survive. If you want a game that has no difficulty and no reward but has a few moments that will make you say ""at least the graphics look nice"" then this is the game for you."
76561197993479988,Not Recommended,275850,25701432,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,El Guacharo,"It's always the same story travelling from planet to planet. The only difference for me was the different atmospheric environment, but also this comes to an end.Besides gathering resources, upgrading your inventory slots and exploring (repeating, e.g. learn new alien words) point of interests there’s not so much else to do – at least I didn’t figure it out so far (and probably won’t).The idea behind a huge generated universe is good and compelling, but not new -> see the “Game Programming Gems” book series. Only algorithmic generated content seems not (yet) to provide the necessary game depth.Probably it’s the later which I really miss!For this price of around 75$ I payed here in Switzerland I would have expected much more!"
76561198088358582,Not Recommended,275850,25746807,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Khornekob,You may like this game of your hobbies include any of the following...1. Squirting lemon juice in your eyes.2. Stepping on legos.3. Watchng Star Wars 1: The Phantom Menace.4. Stepping in a puddle of water while wearing socks.5. Eating Cheerios with orange juice instead of milk.You get the idea.
,Not Recommended,275850,25774323,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Akruzhael,"I bought this game, spent my day fixing it and then played it with the terrible performance and found out it was a scam. And this took more than two hours, so now I'm being denied a refund. It took me more than 2 hours just to open this damn game, and took me even more to get it to even run with fps drops to 12 FPS. Then it took me a few hours just to look around and realize the world is empty, the game is empty. But by this point they had already taken my money and ran. They also took my time, my viewers time and are continue to take my time whilst I battle for a refund.The game was broken the day of. I requested a refund that day. Got denied. Still requesting refunds, still being denied or ignored. This game has been the worst purchase I've ever done. I bought this game to show my viewers on stream and they couldn't even see the damn game most of the time. It would basically freeze constantly. And I was getting constant frame drops, crashes and the game was running terrible. I spent an  entire day trying to get this unomptizied garbage to run, even on the most minimal settings. Nothing worked. A week later, patches came and didn't help, and this has continued for 5 weeks now. I still want my refund, I still want to ruin this game. I never even got the ""play time"". I spent my time trying to fix this garbage. And when I actually played the game, with the frame drops and all, it was empty and there was nothing that was advertised that I got excited about and bought it for...This game is nothing of what was promised. There were dozens of things this game was ""meant"" to have. And what I got was a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥unfinished broken game full of lies. Half the stuff I was promised was never given to me. I bought this promised game and received a fake.Let me share with you some of the false advertising, with evidence for my proof.1: The retooling of ships to make them all functionally identical, rather than having different classes for different playstyles, essentially homogenizing ship play into a single playstyle.EVIDENCE:https://youtu.be/D-uMFHoF8VA?t=14m38shttps://youtu.be/D-uMFHoF8VA?t=17m45shttps://youtu.be/h-kifCYToAU?t=24m2s2. Resource distribution following none of the rules that were spoken of, instead resource variety is more shallow than we'd been lead to believe, so distribution was seemingly homogenized regardless of planet-based factors (likely an effect of the loss of planetary physics)EVIDENCE:https://youtu.be/BXUrOFVItgs?t=2m2shttps://youtu.be/D-uMFHoF8VA?t=2m48shttps://youtu.be/it_9pUYO2AY?t=4m33shttps://youtu.be/D-uMFHoF8VA?t=10m32sThis also had a knock-on effect for trading, which was trivialized by the ease in which most resources could be found:EVIDENCE:https://youtu.be/BXUrOFVItgs?t=56shttps://youtu.be/D-uMFHoF8VA?t=15m57shttps://youtu.be/GjKTJblJpw0?t=35m20sand also crafting, which went from something Sean hoped would be community drive a la Minecraft (likely because there were far more resources originally, a la Minecraft, there's more evidence of this than just the crafting,) to something that could only be done through recipes the game must teach you before you can actually use:EVIDENCE:https://youtu.be/BXUrOFVItgs?t=2m8s3. The loss of planetary physics, which were said to govern many different systems, seemingly in a cascading effect from the top down:EVIDENCE:https://youtu.be/v5sBbjckyzU?t=1m40shttps://youtu.be/ueBCC1PCf84?t=1m34shttps://youtu.be/D-uMFHoF8VA?t=3m14shttps://youtu.be/ueBCC1PCf84?t=7m58s4. The reworking of factions from something with broader significance, into the very simplistic system we have now:EVIDENCE:https://youtu.be/D-uMFHoF8VA?t=9m37shttps://youtu.be/v5sBbjckyzU?t=34sThis is just some of the many other things that SHOULD have been in the game promised and were not. They were either neglected or dumbed down. Complete false advertising. What I chose to buy was what was promised in every one of these videos. And there is more. And what I received was nothing of the sort. It was a complete sham, a total lie and scam to trick all these people, like myself.What also makes this worse, the developers don't say a thing, steam doesn't admit to it, no one is owning up to all these lies. It's very sad. This is the first and last time I pre-order or give the benefit of the doubt to anyone. I wanted to support someone with aspirations and loyalty. But all I ended up support was a scam artist that did a hit and run.One day I will get my refund, I will not stop. And when I do, I'll buy something that's fun, wasn't sold on complete lies, and actually runs."
76561198006299692,Not Recommended,275850,26200204,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Trill Bill,"Just doing my duty to add to the negative reviews. Don't buy this game, the developers have taken our money and ran, don't let them take yours too."
,Not Recommended,275850,26223422,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,blackjet5076,"Have you ever wondered what false advertising is like? Well this is the best example of it in today's society and also the best example of them getting away with it. Over 60% of features promised or showcased just completely vanished from the main game. Do yourself a favor, never buy this game."
76561197980826816,Not Recommended,275850,26341074,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,*TNA* rwisdaman,How does it feel to stab so many people in the back hello games? How does it feel to rip off so many people hello games?How does it feel to lie to the public about your piece of crap garbage game hello games? How does it feel to pull off one of the biggest scams on steam and go into total silence hello games?What a piece of work you are.
76561198191093037,Not Recommended,275850,26701821,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,FSM Squirrel,Pro- nothing                                                                                                                                                                                                         Cons_the entire game
76561198120757257,Not Recommended,275850,25784931,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Paweł Gaweł,"Really full honest,don't buy this crap.This is the worst game in my 25 years of videogames!!!This kind of lies I didn't  expect from any game developer.WORST GAME EVER WHICH WILL NOT DELIVER THE PROMISES"
,Not Recommended,275850,26032976,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,webdevvie,Boring. Not worth the pricetag. It gets repetative fast and not in a minecraft way. The biggest problem i have with it is not being to actually make anything or achieve anything.
76561198047690114,Not Recommended,275850,26223463,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,FLaGMuFFiN,♥♥♥♥ this game. everything is the same.
,Not Recommended,275850,26349072,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,SpookyChicken,"If it was 5$ I still wouldn't buy it.I've put more hours into Skyrim: Special Edition within the 3 days that its been out, 30 hours.Don't buy this unless you want to get your 60$ ripped off."
,Not Recommended,275850,26362839,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Ozzmoddious,"Just goes to show that a pretty E3 trailer and a massive hype train can ruin a career in game development. Don’t buy this game, and in the future avoid the names Sean Murray and Hello Games like a plague."
,Not Recommended,275850,25404428,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Axelon,"Visually intersting but beyond being a cute art piece there's not much game to be found.It's a great platform for building out from, so hopefully new content will be added, but don't rush to purchase it."
,Not Recommended,275850,26339931,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,joe,why hello games why
,Not Recommended,275850,26362959,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Mingascon,No. Bland and repetitive. Save yourself the headache and skip this one.
76561198006981112,Not Recommended,275850,25785065,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Chewacle,Was a big mistake to buy this.
76561198029422216,Not Recommended,275850,26199968,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Flanagun,This will be my first and shortest review.No.That is all.
76561198012414349,Not Recommended,275850,25192950,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Zoso,ABSOLUTE DISAPPOINTMENT!! TAKE EVERYONES ADVISE AND DO NOT WASTE MONEY ON THIS GAME!! I WISH I COULD REFUND THIS GARBAGE!!
76561198133088232,Recommended,275850,30469779,Posted: 12 March,all,Xtremecole,"After the newest update, I have to write a new review.I have played this game at launch on ps4, yeeah.Then Pathfinder update came out, I purchased it a couple months later when steam had a sale, sweet 42 bucks.  Was pretty nice at that point had a lot of new things, was great but with every update this game gets better and better. Played other games.Newest update I think its called Atlas.  Mannnnn this update is something else.I can run this game 100% ultra settings and its silky smooth baby! Great job on optimization :D  Now it looks fricken incredible so many details.This to me feels like a brand new game, so I restarted my journey.  Some really sweet details added, you can now fly in real close to the surface hit all kinds of shiit, smoked a rock blew my shield to shiit, look out!!I highly recommend it, read the updates watch some vids, have another go at it if your like me, it is now looking to be one hell of an adventure I must say."
76561198171457017,Not Recommended,275850,25158170,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Mathew.Lockyer,"Can`t say i didn`t give it a fair shot, but past the repeation is more repeation. It doesn`t run very well, nothing about it makes me want to play it more. I kept playing expecting something to happen, to ulock something cool, there`s just nothing there."
76561198271182237,Not Recommended,275850,25158453,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,zxz6z,it's trash. that's all
76561198027024419,Not Recommended,275850,26297203,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Mystery Vad,Assuming the  multiverse has infiante potential for outcomes then there must be a universe out there where they didnt mess this game up. Sadly this is not that universe. This game is turd.
,Recommended,275850,30485316,Posted: 12 March,all,Thicc Boi,"Arguably one of the worst game releases of all time, but the most recent updates have added a rather large amount of content (including semi-online features like making your base and placed messages able to be found by other players). So as long as they keep moving in this direction, I'm glad to have spent the money for the game. As a little side note, I pre-ordered the game so I've had it since launch.As for my thoughts on the game, don't go into this game expecting Skyrim in space. To me, it's more of an artistic game to play, for the experience. So the main objective is just to explore, make sure to take it slow and enjoy what's around you in your journery."
76561198045042855,Not Recommended,275850,25101413,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,LAW,Dont buy this game.   biggest lie in the history of gaming
,Not Recommended,275850,24991012,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Sujay,"I've never asked for a refund on a game before, this game pushed me to do just that."
,Recommended,275850,27897218,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sindingbat,"I greatly appreciate that in the face of adveristy and much negativity that they're still continuing to work on, and improve the game. That shows that this wasn't just some cash grab, the team genuinely believe in what they're doing. I always enjoyed the game, though it still may not be for everyone. But I'm definitely impressed.Edit: Another large update that I wasn't expecting. Again some might begrudge how this game seems to be full price early access. I will give them that, but again. The team had already made their money. None of this is, from a business stand point, necessary. I hope they continue to build on the game as time goes on.Edit: Yet another large update, for free, that wasn't even remotely necessary from a profit stand point. Hello Games care about this game and the small but dedicated community they've built. If any other game got this many huge free updates it would be the talk of the town. Hating this game is just trendy. It's not for everyone, but just because you don't enjoy it, doesn't make it objectively bad. There's this stigma in the gaming industry that every game has to be a masterpiece and appeal to everyone. I hate it."
,Not Recommended,275850,25117394,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Fusou,"It doesn't actually feel like a real universe, there are no planetary physics and gravity is the same on all planets. There are no actual solar systems. The planets don't rotate around a sun but are stationary, sitting together in a blob. The moons don't even go around the planets.All of the various wonders of the universe (neutron stars, supernovas, pulsars...etc) are entirely absent.There are no stars, they're just part of the skybox but you can't fly to them.The 18 quintillion planets that was so heavily marketed isn't impressive when you realize what that actually means: if you took 11 things and come up with 50 variations for each, that is close to 18 quintillion combinations. Most planets are entirely the same but with different bumps and colors, they have the same objects on them and largely the same resources. Once you've seen the first dozen planets, you've seen them all.There is no actual differences between the ships, except the number of inventory slots. There are no ships specializing for say speed or combat.You don't have a sense of scope / scale to your journey. In the galactic map you can see other stars but there's no sense of where you are in relation to the center of the universe. Likewise you don't have a way to track where you were. No mapping or history, waypoints or other ways of tracking your progress. There needs to be a way to see how you're progressing and also give some meaning to how far you've gone.You can't actually fly between these systems or go into say the dark space or outer asteroid belt. The only way to travel between them is to open up the map and click warp, which initiates a loading screen animation and loads up the new planets. There is no deep space. You feel like you're in an instance with 3 or 4 planets that are mostly the same, then you load up a new skybox with a new set of similar planets. It's nothing like say Space Engine, where you actually do get a true sense that you're in a real universe.You can't even fly your ship. You can't fly low across a planet as there is an invisible boundary and you can't crash your ship. The controls are terrible, it has none of the complexity of other space flight sims.You can't manually land your ship, you simply press a button for it to autoland. Tons of other maneuvers (like entering a space station) are entirely autopilot.The asteroids which are everywhere have insane pop-in issues, they only show up like 50 meters in front of you.The freight ships don't move, they just sit there passively forever. They add zero gameplay depth.The space stations are all basically the same.The planets are littered with outposts, all identical and with a single NPC alien standing still and staring into the wall.The NPCs are entirely shallow, there is literally no point to even talking to them since they never say anything interesting and simply give you something random you likely don't need. Even the automated quest giving NPCs in Bethesda games that hand out those Radiant AI quests would be a massive improvement.All of the monoliths are the same, it's nothing but a chore to chase them down. The words you learn don't add any depth to your interactions with the aliens, since they never have anything interesting to say anyway.There are no actual biomes on each planet. Each planet is the same no matter where you land.The animals are build on 14 different skeleton designs, with a bunch of random animal parts scrapped on top of each section to maximize the number of permutations and there is no attempt to make the animal make any sense in it's environment or have anything unique in it's behavior. The animals have no evolutionary history and their behavior is incrediby shallow.There are no tall trees like were shows in E3, they're all saplings. There are no large forests, no large creatures. There are no large valleys, huge mountain peaks, no giant volcanos, all terrain is uniformly similar across planets.The grinding which makes up most of the game is not only boring, but frustrating due to the completely messed up inventory management.The interface is absolutely atrocious. It's amazing that it can be messed up this bad, the fact that we need a mod just to remove the requirement that you have to hold each click for a second speaks volumes. You need to load up a menu to do anything, and the menus are terribly designed and completely unintuitative.The game is a technical mess. It looks like♥♥♥♥♥yet runs with all sorts of framerate issues.The traveling on foot is insanely slow and tedious. There should have been a buggy or car, or at least some sort of fast jet pack like in Tribes.It fails as a survival game since nothing in the game leaves you threatened. Each planet is seeded with abundant resources, and the few things that do attack you are easily defeated. Compare to minecraft where there's a very definite risk / reward system to exploring a deep cave system. Nothing really threatens you in a meaningful way.The different minerals and resources don't really matter. Since most of the upgrades to explore the universe are yours within the first hour / two hours all the rest are kind of nice add ons.There's no challenge to exploring. There's very little combat and what combat there is is very boring.Inside a solar system there's no way to decide if a planet is interesting or not without actually visiting it. There should be some 'classification' of the planets e.g. class M, class X, etc that allows you to say a certain type of planet might be safe vs unsafe.All planets are accessible right from the start of the game. I was excited about the idea of acid planets, radioactive planets, cold planets ... I was thinking that in order to explore a radioactive planet you'd need to craft some special gear. There was a pretty obviously gameplay loop where the dangerous planets had better minerals / ruins / whatever but were very hard to explore. Instead every planet is basically just a copy of the others.The constant need to recharge things, which don't really serve a purpose. It makes the game very grindy without any positive feedback. Instead of feeling free to explore the world around me I feel annoyed that if I see something cool it means 30 seconds of tedium while I mine the abundant plutonium. I end up not landing and exploring because of how annoying it is that to take off again I have to enter a menu and recharge my ship.None of the aliens interact with each other or have any sort of AI other than 'walk around a bit'. There's nothing to sit and watch. An occasional ship will fly overhead but they don't do anything. You never really see a battle take place or the ships acting in any sort of interesting manner.~rationalcomment"
76561197964323681,Not Recommended,275850,25262898,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Neembe,Don't buy it for 60. Devs lied about features.
,Not Recommended,275850,25262919,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,lilSchoen,"Nothing new here, the game is cool in the mindset of exploration, you go to a lot of planets. With that said, that is all there is. You farm resources to be able to leap to the next planet and galaxy, it gets old in no time. Would not recommend it."
76561198272878731,Not Recommended,275850,25397268,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Blakkrazor,"I didn't ask for a refund because I believe that I learned a lesson.  Never believe the hype.  This game is NOT what it was sold as to the public as is evident by the overwhelming backlash.  Further any games in which any of the parties associated with this project which are brought to market will be ignored.  Never will I purchase a game from their company.  I won't buy any game any of them ever work on.  They will be forever thought of as those lucky ♥♥♥♥ers who stole from me but didn't die.  Because, one dollar or a million, if you steal from me, I'll educate you in finality.  ♥♥♥♥ this game, their makers, and anyone who tries this kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t in the future.  STEAM...♥♥♥♥ you too for not automatically asking everyone who bought it if they'd like their money back.  When profit outweighs your sensibilities to care for your customers with ethics you lose.  So yea, seriously ♥♥♥♥ all of you."
,Not Recommended,275850,25708077,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Foehammer,Can it please procedurally generate me a refund?
,Not Recommended,275850,25065389,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Meat_Grinder,"I would really like to give this game a thumbs up, but I can't.The GoodThis game is massive. There are beautiful and terrifying planets and systems and a gazillion different animal and plant species that you get to discover and name. There are various schematics, you can acquire that will aid you on your journey. There are mysterious ruins and monoliths and plaques and caves and space stations. There are also aliens that you can interact with.The BadThe game is very shallow. There is very little you can do with all of the things I described above. The only group of people this game caters so far are sight seers. For everyone else this game is just a skeleton of a framework. Every place is empty. NPCs just sit or stand in their cubby holes. There are no meaningful conversations, no interesting quests, no Machu Piccu, no Egyptian Pyramids, no Skyscrapers. For all their wonderful variety, all of the planets are somehow turned plain by the same-looking monoliths, ruins and tiny one-room buildings. When you ask ""what do you do in this game?"" the answer is only ""sight-see"".The UglyIn a nutshell the game is a very poorly ported console game. You can see where it was castrated to have it fit the console-style casual gameplay. You can see where the controls were altered to be usable with a joystick. This game is a marathon runner athlete that had it's legs cut off, and was then thrown onto a wheelchair called PS4. It may still win something in the Paralympics, but it'll never run a real marathon.Bottom LineUnless you're a sight-seer, do not buy this game.Hello Games needs to roll out many many free updates and gameplay fixes before this ""game"" actually becomes a game. Right now it's just a generator of pretty screenshots.Foundation Update:The key issues of the game were not addressed. Now you can have a base in which there is nothing to do, and a freighter in which there is nothing to do. The game still desperately lacks actual content."
,Not Recommended,275850,25279386,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,StuPickles!,"The potential is off the charts. Probably will never be realized since its such a small development team. So much was promised, watch IGN plays from April, it was a complete different game. The product is completely different than what was advertise. Not worth picking up."
76561198074898851,Not Recommended,275850,25359997,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,CrimsonDragon,Thank's for making such a♥♥♥♥♥♥game that people had to go out of there own ways and make mods for it that you didn't even support to make you're useless game even a tiny bit fun.
76561198079309798,Not Recommended,275850,26155317,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Blue Hammersmash,"3 years of waiting for a game that wont launch. I rode my bike to the local CVS(other stores are available) in the heat of august, sweated my♥♥♥♥♥of waiting in line to buy a vista prepaid card. Finally get through the line, ride back home. Come home, put money on steam and prepurchase because the orion ship looked cool. 5 days later, finally it is  august 12. Finally the day. I boot up my pc and load up steam. Delayed. Ok, thats cool, thats fine, they just need to work out the kinks, might have forgotten to carry a 1. The game late in august finally out, 3 hours to download. 1 hour to initialize. The time has come, my body is ready. The game was not, and will never be. There is no game, only crash simulator. A week later they release a patch to ""Fix"" it. Meanwhile people are doing everything from deleting system 32, to reinstalling their entire computer from scratch. Nothing works. But hey, at least they let anyone who wanted to refund it. Good guy Gayben."
,Not Recommended,275850,25251777,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Laegolasse,This game is an example of how you can be fooled by a developer and how unreliable Steam's current refund system currently is. A game that doesn't have a main menu... A game that has a broken tutorial... A game that forces you to spend 10+ hours in order to run it correctly (for some people) then gets you... No chance of a refund because you spent more than 2 hours actually in the game. Excuse me? Did we really have a chance to understand what NMS currently is within 2 hours? Especially who bought the game on Day One. Could we really dig in and detect all the lie that's in there within two hours? That is an iconic title. All developer's lie from now on will be compared to No Man's Sky.
76561198239440332,Not Recommended,275850,25778403,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,slapthatmech,I had a lot of hope for this game but ultimately it let me down. After following the games development for so long it was disappointing to say the least to find out so many features were missing in the final game. Even after waiting patiently for patches and updates the game still has tons of bugs and issues.
,Not Recommended,275850,27495525,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jernfalk,"Just nominated it to ""Biggest Disappontment"" Award"
76561198071083034,Not Recommended,275850,25778329,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,TheFluffyBunny,not relly worth it fun for about 3H then it go down hill fast...............
,Not Recommended,275850,25296316,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,The Real Stin,Mods can't even fix this game.
76561198046105061,Not Recommended,275850,25831063,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Bamboozle,Just don't.
76561197993331434,Not Recommended,275850,25247403,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,ZaxOsis,"Plays like a $25 game. Has unexplained performance issues that strike anywhere between 1 and 4 hours into gameplay. Isn't anything like what the trailers promised. Lots of incomplete or broken features in the game (Portals, anyone?). It's pretty, and it's novel, but it's not worth $60."
,Not Recommended,275850,25244149,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Genesisfury,Do not get this game unless it's free. Developers cannot be allowed to get away with this level of misleading marketing. A failure in every aspect. What's the point of 18 quintillion planets if they're basically all the same.I may end up just buying future games from shady key re-sellers from now on and support that illegitimate market instead of supporting steam.Harambe didn't die for this.
,Not Recommended,275850,25247404,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,JDroo20,"Do not buy, it's not what they said it would be it's missing a lot of stuff and is still unstable even after the updates to fix it"
,Not Recommended,275850,26462936,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Ethan,no
,Not Recommended,275850,25798982,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Overlord Ansan,If i was a millionaire.. I would pay back everyone who bought this game.
,Not Recommended,275850,26003804,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,alex,"Constantly crashes every hour and runs at 20-30 fps even on low settings. I've been able to play a little bit but every fight I go into or planet I land on is interrupted by a crash. Poor excuse for a video game. Also  doesn't feature many things that were promised in the game, such as animals fighting/working in groups, space freighter battles and huge ship assaults, warp gates, full-eclipse worlds, desert planets, or planetary physics."
76561198031659516,Not Recommended,275850,26008750,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Goose,♥♥♥♥♥game. Cool concept but♥♥♥♥♥♥execution. Everything the game promised was not delivered.Do not get this game. 0/10
76561198007833629,Not Recommended,275850,25737650,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,nop277,"I think the fact that people had to confirm whether or not it was multiplayer rather than the developers just outright telling us speaks volumes about how this game was sold. It's a great exploring game if that's all your into but for me and apparently most others that's just not enough especially for a 60 dollar game. I've paid about the same for Elite Dangerous and it's expansion and while it's exploration is not quite as developed it's got plenty of other things to do and the multiplayer is pretty well done as well. I also knew exactly what I was buying when I purchased it, which shouldn't even be a positive just a basic requirement. The combat is rather dissapointing, I got into one space fight which is the only real space interaction i had in 11 hours, and it was awkward and didn't feel nearly as interactive as combat in Elite. I would not in anyway recommend this to anyone, at this point I would think it could probably take years of work to actually make this game worth the 60 buck price tag. If you are looking for a good space simulator get Elite Dangerous (or wait for Star Citizen if you like). It's basically Spore without all the creating your own life form bit."
76561198299528322,Not Recommended,275850,26218661,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Burt,I WANT A ♥♥♥♥ING REFUND
76561197976037120,Not Recommended,275850,26067292,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,C8ptn,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░No Mans Sky▐▄▄▄▀░░░At least that gives me some satisfaction
,Not Recommended,275850,25512768,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,cgfrager,"Horrible game, Nothing that was outright told to the community was provided. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!"
,Not Recommended,275850,26273886,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,BLACKOUT,"I want my money back, That be great thanks."
76561197970960617,Not Recommended,275850,25196405,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Mox,Playing no man's sky is like getting hammered and sleeping with that friend who's been coming onto you for years. It's fun but then you wake up. You've spent a boatload of money and you're left feeling empty knowing it's just filling a void where real love should be.
76561198069296500,Not Recommended,275850,25193921,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Dr. Plague,"The finished product was not what was advertised. Many of the features promised were removed before the game was pushed out. It's sad but true. Do not buy it until it goes on sale, or until they fix these issues."
76561198028056080,Not Recommended,275850,25262359,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,no.9,Overpaid for false content. They should change the trailers/screenshots.
76561198052148947,Not Recommended,275850,25262361,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Rexxig,"First couple of hours were great but the rest was garbage. I went into this game expecting nothing and I wasn't really hyped.However, the game still disappointed me and I in no way recommend it in its current state. Wait for future updates and hopefully they will add all the missing features."
,Not Recommended,275850,25193941,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA,"Just noticed the video autoplaying at the top of the page, showing off the in-atmosphere battles and wingmen following the player into battle. I also noticed that neither of these features are actually present in the game, which seems to be a repeating pattern."
76561198047576796,Not Recommended,275850,25262315,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Croniac,"Originally I posted a favorable review... but, the game ran dry not long after that.I liked it for a while.   I got 29 hours out of my $60.   2 dollars an hour is way cheaper than a bad movie... But compared to games that give hundreds or thousands of hours, it's just too much money for the content.I do think it was misrepresented.  And can't recommend."
76561198073481933,Not Recommended,275850,25085973,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,XarisD,"As I prepare to write this review I find myself again in awe of the game I see in the trailer above the text box.  It looks truly beautiful, gorgeous even, and the interface is just simply amazing.  Watching the other ships fly with the player as a hostile fleet warps into the system and starts attacking, the smooth, clean flgiht, the laser blasts chasing you as you fly down onto the planet... even the fact that there are target locks and explosions that happen.  That game looks so awesome, just like the first time I watched the video in Best Buy as I was browsing for something new to play two years ago.Sadly, the released product is nothing even close to these videos.  The pictures do not reflect on the actual game.  No Man's Sky is a literally empty dead zone, truly reflected by its title.  I write this review as a stunned newcomer who didn't follow all the hype, but merely got excited two days before the release date because a coworker was talking about it.  I write this now because there is still some shiny left and I want to get this done before I become completely disillusioned by what I believed would finally be the space exploration game I've been longing for since Star Trek Online turned out to be a bad joke.GAMEPLAYSomeone said this game and Minecraft are nothing alike.  I'm no authority because I've never played Minecraft. -ducks a flung shoe-  Sorry, but I haven't.  The graphics aren't my thing.  I imagined this would be what the experience would have been like for me, minus the fact that in Minecraft you build stuff.  I've spent (at the time of this review) 18.9 hours in the game, 14 of those on just one planet hunting down every last creature, knowledge stone, advanced life form, and drop pod, and factory I could find.  The fact that a new green question mark would appear and be at most 2 minutes away from me kept me going.  Like a retired actor following M&Ms, this game led me on a Peter Griffin-esque journey to nowhere.  The thrill of discovery was about the only appeal, and I wasn't really discovering anything except words that the Vy'Keen weren't even saying and upgrades for my woefully small inventory.EXPLORINGOther than brief flights to get to planets and landing spots, you're literally just walking around everywhere shooting things to collect stuff, sprinting for a short distance and using your jetpack to hop you forward at a slightly faster pace. There's very little ""Sky"" here.  Plenty of No Man. The aliens are bland, generic, and unintelligable, and require 20 carbon just to talk to you, no matter how good your rep is.  Sometimes they teach you words or offer you a new gun, but that's about all they're good for.The environment is always trying to kill you in some way: extreme temperatures, radiation, toxins, murderous plants and animals, or sheer boredom because you left your ship 30 minutes away and you're struggling to find a beacon to call it to you.  It's not that when you land on a planet you're bored, it's after 20 minutes of being on that planet you realize there's not really anything new to it.  If night falls, you're lucky if everything doesn't turn black - apparently your Exosuit didn't come with a flashlight module and there's no way to build one.  Go down into the Space Carlsbad and you're going to be praying that the glowing flowers down there steer you away from sudden drops.  Oh, and that's another thing - there's procedurally generated pits that drop you into these caves, break both your legs, and leave you too deep to jet pack your way back out again at times.  So now you're stuck fumbling around in the dark hoping you don't get eaten by a GRU.COMBATAnnoyingly tacked on.  It's not that you won't see the GRU, but after a while you learn to just turn around and shoot because they will always go right behind you.  Nothing attacks your face in this game until it's tried to hit you in the back at least once.  That makes for extremely predictable gameplay.  The combat sucks. If you're not just randomly chucking grenades just to one-shot kill a sentinel or angry crab beast, you're struggling to reload your boltcaster or cool off your mining beam to get that one last shot in while the attacker whittles away at you with any buddies that are around.  Stack upgrades and you do better, because all upgrades stack while taking valuable space.And then there's the space combat.  Like I said, it's heartbreaking.  Wing Commander in the 1990s is superior to this space combat system.  First off, your ship doesn't regenerate its shields.  No, you have to reload them manually with Zinc or Titanium mid-combat while you're being blasted by 3-30 enemies that continuously zip around you and have no problem pulling a snap roll 180 turn while you fumble around like a three legged hippopatomus.  If your shields go down your ship has no armor.  You have about 6 hits you can take before you die a very sudden death, and then you respawn on the space station and have to fly back out to your own grave to get all your cargo back.  Space fights happen very randomly and when it's often least convenient.  If you try to run you get blasters up your engines.  They can apparently keep firing at you while using afterburners, but you fortunately can get away with pulse jets.  If you can make it onto a planet or (god forbid) a space station, they'll go away.  Sometimes the game will bug and leave you a mission to shoot them down and that'll never get done because they're not there anymore.BUGGED MISSIONSI'm calling them missions, but really they're waypoints that have been assigned to you because of some event or another.  Either you used a bypass chip or you did a space scan, but now there's an icon on your screen that will persist until you go to it.  When things are working correctly that icon will fade out upon arrival.  Approximately 1 out of 4 will stay up there forever.  It might clear if you exit the game and come back, but I've got a couple that probably won't leave until I jump out of the system entirely.  If then.  Can't be sure because I've decided I'm not leaving until I know the entire Vy'keen language.  I'm pretty sure I can get it all because every 2 minutes there's another opportunity for more words; if it's not a monolith, it's knowledge stones liberally scattered all over the place just waiting for me to hold down A until they activate.SEARCHING FOR STUFFWhen I take off in my ship I usually plan to get closer to the next waypoint or objective.  My sensors sometimes refuse to cooperate and so that waypoint I was going after completely disappears after my bronco ride on take-off EVERY TIME.  I think to myself ""Hey, let's just scan for it!""  Which turns out to be a waste as my scan pulse flies off over the horizon while detecting nothing at all.  On foot, I find minerals. In my cockpit I find nothing, unless I'm in space. Then I can sometimes find stuff. It's also the only way I can target any hostile ships.  You have to scan pulse before the targetting system engages.  Without it every shot you fire misses.  Always. This game doesn't have physics, as you will quickly discover while mining.SUMMARYThere's more but I'm almost out of character space.  The game's fun if you enjoy mindless repetition or endless discovery of the same things you already discovered, but it's very incomplete.  The game in the trailer on Steam Store is what it should have been.  What it IS makes Pay To Win Facebook games seem like epic adventures.3/10 is my final verdict.  It's got its moments and a great hook, but it's an empty universe that needs much more content before it will be worth the $60 USD I paid for it.  There's no reason to keep playing after 12 hours because by that time you've literally done everything there is to do in the game before the ad infinitum loop happens.  As a community I think we should demand the rest of the game be released; this is Alphaware as it stands. Unacceptable."
,Not Recommended,275850,25196396,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,ploopploop,"Question: What happens when you don't test your game by gamers??Answer: One Man's Lie.Pros:+ OSTCons:- The gameMy refund requests got denied even though they basically scammed us from our money. If anyone ever starts lawsuit against Hello Games or something, please inform me, I will support you with the best I can to get these greedy lying pigs down.Edit:This game shows that quality over quantity matters, once you pass the 10 hours barrier I can assure you that you will suddenly agree. From a perfect epic game it suddenly is trash."
,Not Recommended,275850,25262364,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,rZaTriickster <EwinRacing>,The games does not have features that the devs had promised. There is also a large amount of bugs.
76561198062754736,Not Recommended,275850,25485146,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,tomorockerman,given the game's forced early entry it should probably be considered a pre alphathe basic building blocks are there but thats it so i cant wait for them to finnish itthough it seems unlikely that they will.
76561197974543571,Not Recommended,275850,25861891,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Merkeon,"I was fooled into thinking there would be content updates weeks after launch.  I can't refund the game, but i can try to add a little weight into how terrible this product is."
,Not Recommended,275850,25762128,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,AwesomeZebra,"Absolute garbage. You might think that if you keep playing, maybe it gets good, but it only gets worse. The game is horribly optimized, crashes very often, lacks content (like seriously, there's maybe content worth of 10 dollars), the controls are bad (flying a ship feels more solid and realistic in Space Invaders). Do not get an idea of the game through advertising, it's pretty incorrect.Sure, I enjoyed my first 3 hours (or well, second 3, since it took me about 3 hours to get this game working) in the game, but that's exactly how much content you get. Rest is repetive, you grind for better ships and exosuit upgrades, but there's not sense of achievement. You know that you will throw away the ship you haven't even fixed yet, just to get another ship with +1 slot. It's always +1 or -1 slot. Crazy how space do dat.The procedural generation is also bad. Sure, planets look different, but every single planet has sentinels on them, every single planet has exact same buildings on them, every single planet has those damn crab-looking ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s on them, every single planet has exact same looking resources. Only difference is texture and some plants.If  you hope, that maybe one day they will add much more content to the game to make it fun, don't. The game has been out for 1.5 months and they have done nearly nothing. The have fixed some bugs (which really should've never made finished product), but if you actually read the patch notes, they are mostly empty words.Unless you are getting this for 5-10 dollars and really want to try out a bad game, DO NOT BUY THIS."
76561198071684540,Not Recommended,275850,25778170,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Morbidjunky,I can't even get pass the intro part it goes white and craps out on me. I watched Oney play the game on his channel and the only thing that kept me awake was his and his friends comments about how crappy this game is. So no I wouldn't recommend this game to my worst enemy.
,Not Recommended,275850,25832460,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,ademxd.com,KNOW YOUR PLACETRASH
,Not Recommended,275850,25161855,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Doomskull,"I followed this game’s development since it was announced. Leading to the release I was aware that it might not be everything it was hyped up to be and I wasn't wrong. I was very much let down by the lack of variety from planet to planet. I started to notice more and more that things were not really different, as much as they were recolored.I was disappointed in the fact that the planets were so close to each other and that the solar systems turned out to be skyboxes that were all essentially the same. Why are there no gas giants? I thought I could land on an asteroid?Long story short is I wish I could get my money back."
,Recommended,275850,34232538,Posted: 14 August,all,The Norwegian,"It's actually good now!I bought NMS when it first came out, and was highly disappointed by the poor optimization, the boring planets and the lacking gameplay, compared to what was promised. Now, with the relase of 1.3, I decided to try it out again, and oh my has it improved. It actually feels like a game now, instead of a bad tech demo. The story is interesting to follow, the mission system makes it so you can explore and stay in the same system without being bored. Planets are much more interesting, and the flight system has improved hugely. Enabling low flight mode would have been a winner in itself, but it came with so much more.If you have tried and been disappointed before, never heard of it before or have heard negative reviews about the old NMS... give it another go. I'm going to have a lot of fun with this."
76561197981069361,Not Recommended,275850,24907020,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Geekthulhu,"It is so poorly optimized that it just highlights everything else that is wrong with this game. Literally you just do the same thing over and over again with absolutely NO impact on the universe outside of naming a random creature Dickbutt or a planet Harambe.Like someone said 100 miles wide, but 1 inch deep. The assets are just reused and mostly everything literally looks the same. The only difference is the color palette. Just the same recipe in system after system.How is it a survival game? You almost cannot die. You can't crash your ship... You really can't die of the elements unless you are terrible. Dogfights... What a joke. Load up Oxides and just tank everything.I used to think that Elite Dangerous was very boring, but holy crap. That game is leaps and bounds better. No Man's Sky scratched an itch for space exploration for me and I actually reinstalled Elite Dangerous.If I could get my money back I would. I normally will take the punch from a developer because I should of done my due diligence to research the game with the information from the developers. Unfortunately there literally was no info and the info that was released had more contradictions that The Bible.I might check it out if they patch this and optimize it more, but I CANNOT recommend this game to anyone. This is a 29.99 title. NOT 59.99. Even 29.99 is a stretch with how it performs. Should not of been released."
,Not Recommended,275850,24846419,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,sufjanstevens,"My mouse doesn't work properly and even at the lowest settings I'm getting unplayable FPS. Plus, every single time I want to change settings to try and get it to work I have to go through the 5 minute intro just to see if there's any difference at all. I'm not getting a refund yet, but if there's not any good word by the end of the day I'm going to have to discard this game. I've been looking forward for forever and I can't even have a chance to experience it because it's not optimized for♥♥♥♥♥♥Edit 1: I've finally managed to have a somewhat decent experience. The parts of the game I've been able to experience despite the issues are absolutely stellar and I love it, I'm still extremely disappointed. Even the game breaking bug was acceptable. Half of the playerbase not being able to play your game isn't. How does Sean react? By saying the most vague of responses and not addressing the real problems. I don't doubt the problems will be fixed in time, but right now there's no way I can positively recommend this game.This isn't me not knowing what to expect from the game. So far it's been the exact experience I've expected minus the fact that it's nearly unplayable."
76561198061539350,Not Recommended,275850,24846438,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,CmdrCade,"Game starts up, but after sitting through about 10 years of intro videos it decides to ♥♥♥♥ing crash when I look at a rock.Nice job guys, worth the years of waiting."
,Not Recommended,275850,24846447,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Caleik7X,This game is laggy as ♥♥♥♥
76561198103579903,Not Recommended,275850,24846451,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,King,"Cant play , crash in the middle of loading"
,Not Recommended,275850,24846477,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,SawItComing,"Graphics like♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to the trailer, it's fine, pulling off an Ubisoft is fine. But the optimization is by far worst"
,Not Recommended,275850,25335688,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Xerovoids,"False advertising. They promise one thing, but they give an entirely different thing..."
76561198118852794,Not Recommended,275850,24846475,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,SomberSky,might want to wait on getting this game unless you want a hello games black screen simulator. just crashes on start up everytime.
,Not Recommended,275850,24846615,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,yare yare daze,Crashes on startup
76561198095049611,Not Recommended,275850,24846598,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Wolf Winchester,"Okay so everyone hates this game right now...I agree it sucks...they have had so much time to work on this and make it right, and have even pushed release date back several times...the game just wont run...I mean I and run it at 60 fps no prob but after every few minutes game just crashes :/ I had such high hopes for this game...we can only hope by next week they can fix the crash issues, oh and  for those complaining about only running 30fps...you can change that in settings :3  I believe in this game...it can be amazing...but for now, because they had so much time to fix all of this...I give it a 0/100/10 For NMS (No Mans Sky) to actually be fun to play fix the crashing problems it even crashed my PC at one point and reset it completely. Oh NMS...how you have let us down :("
,Not Recommended,275850,25442449,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,HorseMeat ▓▓,"It's like mowing the lawn for your neighbours, but instead of them giving you pocketmoney, you have to pay them and on top of that the lawn mower is in pieces and there no instructions manual nearby..."
76561198248148116,Not Recommended,275850,26452036,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Censoredmammal,Boring - Samething over and over thanks for ripping me off !
,Not Recommended,275850,26516465,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Your mother,DONT BUY IT!!!
,Not Recommended,275850,25504632,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,EXEJON,"This game is not what you expect it to be going in. For the first 8 hours, you'll have a great sense of exploration and for awhile, it feels very grand in scope and interesting. But, you WILL feel cheated after constant busy-work of mining for resources and becoming angry at the fact that your ExoSuit is a absolute piece of s*** and lets you carry nothing. This game is stockpiled with everything that is unintuitive and pretentious. The way you do any action in this game with the hold of the mouse button for 2 seconds to open something.... it's such a piece of trash. Sean Murray will never be trusted again and should never be trusted period. This game is a massive scam. Nobody likes it for good reason. It's over-priced, over-pretentious and over-rated even with a ""Mostly Negative"" rating. Do not waste your money here like I did. Biggest gaming regret I ever had."
,Not Recommended,275850,25957964,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,(Zhu)²,"I had a nice review, took it down. Yeah ♥♥♥♥ the devs."
,Not Recommended,275850,25758100,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,SomeGen,The most disappointing release of a game that I can remember. Everyday I kick myself for wasting my money on this.
,Not Recommended,275850,25244372,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Rorizle,Rubbish. Completely different game than to what is shown in trailers.
76561197991215396,Not Recommended,275850,25211474,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Mabho,"Sorry Sean. I was really in lust about this game, happy when it came out, enjoyed it at first, but now I just see that all the features you talked about are.... well .... absent ?You missed the point of your own game. The point was multiplayer, trade, fights. Ok for the exploration part but .... it's the only thing we can be interested in about this game and it's always the same..."
,Not Recommended,275850,25471034,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Chris,"Watching Paint dry would get a better Metacritic Score.It doesn't even deserve a review, the review is NO. Period."
76561198021182935,Not Recommended,275850,25485321,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,outcasts11,Fail game
76561198144421140,Not Recommended,275850,25321006,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Cry0,Wheres the refund button? I want my money back
,Not Recommended,275850,24907512,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Birb,"Everything on low with my i5 4670k and GTX 760, which are above the minimum requirements, and I can't get more than 45 fps when I'm on a planet."
76561198012542172,Not Recommended,275850,24911582,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Vallerian,"UPDATE:DO NOT EXPECT THE GAME THAT IS SHOWN IN THE TRAILERS ON STEAM!!!-> the game looks, feels and plays...completely different!! It's like the trailers show the final game and we have been handed an alpha...I now have 23h+ spent on this game...It boils down to grinding materials...but there is not much to spend these materials on.I myself prefer more space vs more upgrades...because IF there is something valuable to pick up, you run out of space extremely fast due to special items not stacking.But even if you have upgrades...there is simply no use for them (except warp drive).Drones, Pirates and animals die rather quick...so the upgrades are not even worth bothering with...Even though the universe is vast...comparing my findings to those of others...they find/found the exact same things...So as of right now...it's a huge sandbox with nothing to do past the first few hours...Hopefully this will change...Then there are the ""lies"" and ""promises"" that were made...multiplayer, huge creatures etc.Data mining has proven, that the E3 stuff was completely scripted..Data mining has proven that there is no code supporting MP...Data mining has proven that the star names in the intro are scripted (so no player discoveries shown)...If I could still refund...I'd do so...because to me, thats misleading and blatantly lying to us!I will update this review if things change...which they will hopefully...eventually at some point!TLDR:Is it worth 60 bucks? No!Would I recommend it right now? No!Does it have potential to become great? YES absolutely!The long version:Well...It's somewhat hard to rate this game.When I bought it, I was aware of the ton of issues people had with the game.I wanted to see for myself how the game runs and feels...and it turns out that even with my older PC the game runs smooth (for the most part) and without any crashes or issues.I played for roughly an hour and then stopped...because after that one hour I already started to get the feeling of ""huh...is this really worth 60 bucks for me?"". I had to ask myself what my expectations for this game were and had to compare these to what the game gave me at that moment...And I was really close to refund the game...because honestly...right now...the game is NOT worth the 60 bucks.You can explore...yes!You can fly from planet to planet...yes!You can scan lifeforms and plants...yes!But...for what?Planets may look different regarding both fauna and flora...and have a different climate/environement...And animals may also look kinda different...But even if you scan them...to me it feels like...""Well...ok...I scanned that creature/plant...What have I learned?"" - it feels like nothing. Yes...you get a tiny classification of the animal...but...they all behave the same...they don't have unique mechanics to them...so the sense of discovery is rather dull...because it feels like you have seen it already. And why bother naming them? I'll probably leave the planet and never look back...and it becomes tedious after a while.Quick scan, quick upload and the animal is already forgotten...Combine this with the enormous size of planets and the fact that animals seem to be rather rare (maybe there are planets littered with animals...I have not seen one...) and the planets feel empty. This goes for aliens aswell...Yes you have encounters with them, may talk and interact with them...but it feels shallow and limited...and again...empty! Maybe this is exactly how the vastness of space would feel like if we'd experience it in reality...but I'm looking for something else in a game...Why are there no bigger settlements with several aliens? Why is there exactly one alien per station/house or none?Speaking of houses/outposts...variety is missing in this case aswell... :/One thing that really annoys me are the textures. Don't get me wrong...I enjoy indie games with ""not so amazing graphics"", as long as it feels ""in place"". With No Man's Sky (for me) there seems to be an issue with the image quality.The scenery does not look as crisp as it should...which leads to my eyes constantly trying to ""adapt"" and ""focus""...and that leads to headache and me feeling sick...1080p should NOT look like that...But in the end I continued to play anyways...and I passed the two hour mark knowing I would not be able to refund the game anymore...and I did it because this game has a HUGE potential to BECOME something really great.It has the potential to be a really awesome sandbox...provided Hello Games will give us some ""toys"" to play with in it.Again...right now...the game is not worth 60 bucks...were it 30...I'd recommend it in an instant...But in a way I see my 60 bucks as an investment...and I hope that Hello Games will work hard to improve the game.Base building, trade ships were already mentioned...if they include greater variety in plants and animals and their behaviour...different crystal structures for different elements (not only a change in color)...etc etc...all that would help.Missions and Quests with nice rewards would also give us purpose and incentive to scan and explore.I hope that they will be able to fill their universe with more life and purpose..."
,Not Recommended,275850,25215836,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Doomsday Orange,You know this game is ♥♥♥♥ing trash when steam will allow you to refund the game with no exceptions.
76561198020685126,Not Recommended,275850,24909554,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Crow,"This is great little Indi game that is masquerading a AAA release and asking you to pay just that much. Honestly it’s a good game but there are some small issues and some larger ones all of which are very obvious to any QA tester. things like controls not doing as instructed for example the game says its TAB to scan a system when actually you have to press X. the game is also unnecessarily  ambiguous (just like their press release’s) and while mystery is the spice of life you should not need to resort to reedit to figure out aspects of the game.Moreover there are plenty of little features that make you realise its console port, things like unable to look around the cockpit (without game pad) or the fact that the auto pilot feels disjointed and really makes you feel like a passenger when trying to fly around a planet. There are also many features that seem so strange to have left out, you cant name your ship for example.If I was to review this game as an Indi title I would be very pleased but when you want to charge big boy prices then you have to work to a higher standard and that is not a standard that no mans sky meets just yet.Setting a lower price point would have no doubt resulted in a higher net profit significantly greater sales and better reviews due to a fairer standard. But greed and arrogance no doubt imparted to the company from Sony has won out.It has the potential to be a great game with some work this game could have sat at the £30 mark and been an excellent contender in that bracket."
,Not Recommended,275850,25246517,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,MingLee,don't waste your money...
,Not Recommended,275850,25708388,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Vilanu,10/10 would refund again.
,Not Recommended,275850,25246467,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,BeardRanger,"Brought on release day and the amount of missing features is outstanding, I'm suprised they were actually allowed to publish it. Its probably worth about £20 not the £40 selling price. Don't get sucked it to they hype its not worth it."
76561197993667281,Not Recommended,275850,25246409,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Fisto Roboto,I believe a divorce would be more enjoyable than this game.
76561197962196212,Not Recommended,275850,25201050,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Menos,10/10 would refund again :(
76561198076341193,Not Recommended,275850,26536673,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Shazzybear,The highlight of this game was uninstalling it....Would have been more entertaining to flush €60 down the toilet
,Not Recommended,275850,25131312,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Dr. Butts,20 minutes to break down a steel door.11/10Alright game if you just want to explore and mine while naming the occasional alien species.
,Not Recommended,275850,25454678,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,wat arm thing,was good for the first 20 hours but sean has gone silent because he has got his money.
,Not Recommended,275850,25922185,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,sado,Just a huge disappointment.
76561197991628287,Not Recommended,275850,25986945,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Paolot,Not worth $60.  This is a $20 game!!  They used the hype to rake their customers over the coals!  There is little to no content here.  Beware!  Do not buy untill this is $20 or less!!!!
,Not Recommended,275850,26342372,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Azzanator,"I've been putting off writing this for a while. No Man's Sky was always going to dissapoint, it couldn't lead up to the hype that was created around it. Before, I disagreed with the hate it recieved but after the developers practically giving up on this game after release and no sign of change for the game, this has dissapointed me.The game has some decent content and potential but it has to be one of the most repetitive games I have ever played in my life and it just gets boring. I couldn't get a refund after buying this game - I played it for too long hoping for something different but was left bitterly dissapointed."
76561198295414147,Not Recommended,275850,25867870,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Try_Not_Dying,Day 45Weather: ColdSentinels: RegularFlora: PlentifulFauna: FewCaptain's Log: It's been 3 weeks since planetary landing. My quest across the galaxy has been long and fraught with space pirates and unending loneliness. I have decided to settle on this planet but for some unexplainable reason I am unable to construct even the simplest of shelters. It almost makes no sense that I have the ability to travel from star system to star system yet lack the technology and skills to establish a dwelling from the tools and supplies I have acquired through the same three limited intelligent species I've encountered. One could deduce that I was ill-equipped for this journey and with some self-reflection I have concluded that I should have spent another few years developing the plans of my voyage instead of being controlled by my pride and greed. I fear that I have come this far only to fail because of my own hubris. All I can hope for now is for the intervening hand of God to provide me with an extensive update so I can be absolved of these sins.
76561198125909437,Not Recommended,275850,25904129,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Tindlesam,I waited a long time for this game to come out. Very disappointed with the end result
,Not Recommended,275850,26045718,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Festive Rosy,"Worse game you can get on steam, For its price and the lying devs"
,Not Recommended,275850,25986902,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Nirhowl,Burning Money Simulator 2016
,Not Recommended,275850,25195641,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Vic Viset,"Guess I should have wait a week or so and read up on the reviews.  Got to admit, the hype was well done.  I fell for it.  The game looked great, for the first 8 hours.  After that, it's just keep going and going and going.  There are like a gazillion galaxies/planets, they said.  True, but they are all the same, somehow.  It would have been good game at $19.99.  But $59.99?  I have to say, that's a rip-off.  I'm seriously consider a refund.  But I did play it for a few days.  I feel bad getting my monney back.  Guess I could keep it around as a bad example."
76561198316970295,Not Recommended,275850,25631924,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Carnifex,"Unfortunately, it took me longer than 3 hours to figure out that this game has no depth, meaning, complexity, replay value, interesting concepts, unusual secrets, creativity, originality, or otherwise reasons to keep playing once you discover the whole 3 species in multiple galaxies and copied and pasted planet variations.It was fun at first.Then I realized how much better 99% of the other titles I have paid 60$ for are.I can't recommend.It hurts me because I really started out enjoying it..And then it died for me.4/10, Maybe.Get it on sale. Game is worth maybe 20$."
76561198049565831,Not Recommended,275850,25632114,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Bi-Curious George,"An elaborate tech demo with the very basics of a game tacked on. $60 is far too expensive for this, it is an indie title that should be priced at $20 or less. I really believed this could be great, but the hype train derailed :("
76561198307510917,Not Recommended,275850,25592503,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,chaoslord65,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!!  The Hardware that supposedly is supported is a lie, Many of the pre-released information is a lie (multiplayer, variety in space battles, variety of ship types, etc.) There may be an infinite pool of procedurally generated planets, but the things occupying them come from a very limited pool of items, so you start recognizing re-used items on your first couple of systems. STEAM SUPPORT IS A LIE, selling this awful game, and then not refunding money to people that played for more than 2 hours...what a joke!I do not have a high-end system, but am definitely within thier ""supported"" specs, and spent a full 20 minutes on the initial credits, before I could get into game to lower the graphics settings, to take yet another 10 minutes to restart, only to have to adjust them again. I was forced to run on minimum graphic settings in an 800x600 window, in order for areas like pace stations and open space to run smoothly, any lush or populated world though, and the game ran extremely slow (2-4fps ) support, kept stringing me along, only to find out later that you only have 2 hours to try game and refund it, or you are stuck with this lemon.If there isn't some kind of class-action lawsuit going around to sue these people for misrepresentation, and outright lying about the contents of the game, there should be. I really tried to make this game work while I was attempting to get responses out of thier support, and had enough time in to warn others DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!  In the end, I gave up as so many others. You have been warned"
76561198022732001,Not Recommended,275850,24852545,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,spit_,"-Runs ok-ish-Worst flight controls I have ever used-Feels Pre-alpha-Worth $66 Canadian?? Hell Noop.-Generaly ugly to look at, tho has its moments.-Mouse controls and FOV blow chunks."
,Not Recommended,275850,25319753,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,FUA_T2D,"I paid for a good game and what I received is complete rubbish.The game itself feels like an alpha build, an over priced alpha build.Each time you go another planet in another system. It just feels like going to same planet but with a different paint job.As for the pricing of the game, it is too high. Especially with its current contents, or lack of contents that were suppose to be there. The price for the game should be around the $5 range and even that is asking too much for the game."
76561197990762967,Not Recommended,275850,26368426,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,blargarian,"Heres the biggest heart break of it all - this . . . thing they created had potential.They could have listened to people, spoke about future updates where better implementation was to be used. But no, they dropped the game like it was good let everyone take a nice old big bite of the sandwich and then left laughing cause they fed us all crap.This game is the unwanted sickly child who's secretly super smart. No one wants to deal with his space virus, nor will they, they will push it to the side and quietly keep feeding it its anti-space-virus medicine without ever actually treating the issue. It'll live for maybe a month or too, and then they'll close their servers (""SAVE THE MONEY!!!"") if they even had connected servers to begin with? And it will die a slow and laborious death, while they squeeze it for everything it had left. Little do they realize that EVEN NOW, its not too late to save this game. Patches are everything, Content updates are everything. Wouldn't you guys like to have a little bit of continued revenue on this beast? Cause at this rate she's going down faster than the ships in their poorly implemented flying system can even DREAM of flying."
76561198041501859,Not Recommended,275850,26286059,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,safersax,"The game as it stands is an empty shell of what it should be and certainly not worth the money spent on it.  What a shame!  This was the game of my childhood dreams.  The silence from Hello Games and Sony is shameful.(I don't write reviews, but endgadget's dismissive headline led me to enter the fray)Endgadget: ""Someone really wants 'No Man's Sky' developers to apologizeBecause disgruntled gamers don't have anything better to do."""
76561198302198960,Not Recommended,275850,25177400,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,JLindholt BETS.gg,"Really bad. Dont buy, you will get bored after 1 hour."
,Not Recommended,275850,26595904,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,KoolAid,♥♥♥♥ this game. What a waste of 60 bucks.
,Not Recommended,275850,25313308,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,FISTFULofSOUND,Wasn't what I expected. Thought there was going to be some form of multiplayer b/c of the interviews
76561198160581139,Not Recommended,275850,26488117,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Nemerly,"I had to return the game soon after I purchased it. My computer had a Quad Core i7, 2GB NVidia video card, and 16GB of ram. The game was laggy, choppy, and ran like a slug over broken glass.I'm sure it is very good game. But it was unplayable on my last computer. I think you need a beefy computer (or beefier than mine) to run it.Now that I have purchased a Predator 17 with a 8GB NVidia card and 64GB of ram, I should be able to run the game with no problem. When I get around to purchasing it again, I'll post an update to my review."
76561197967840183,Not Recommended,275850,25743188,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Dethanos,Its terrible... and i so desperatly wanted to love it...
,Not Recommended,275850,26487307,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,HisRoyalFreshness,This game is a repetitive piece of dog shxt. One of my best mates who is in love with space didn't like this game..Go get Elite Dangerous!
76561198007436820,Not Recommended,275850,26242752,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,jmgobet,"this game is quite probably the worst game i have played in 2016. I would not recomend it at all, the game runs awfull, it is litteraly nothing like what the devs promised, its just generaly boring to play. there are countless features left out of the game that we where told we would get. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME"
,Not Recommended,275850,26327474,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Esbeesy,"It's like the most beautiful Rubik's cube you've ever seen that you solve after 4 hours and it opens up to reveal a massive, creamy poo."
76561198144658125,Not Recommended,275850,25195644,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Kermitspig,"I thought it was gonna be a fun game. It was fun for the first 19.6 hours I played, but It got repeditive and I just thought I don't want to play this game anymore. I was hyped when I first heard about this game for being an endless universe sandbox (?)."
,Not Recommended,275850,25821204,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,DustKart,"I've pumped nearly 50 hours into this game.I followed the hype train for months.I was told about epic space battles like those in Star Wars, and an incredible array of planets to discover.What I got?The same planet each time, nothing that stood out from the last. Just retextured. The interaction with other species is mundane and repetitve. Learning languages means nothing once you find a few key words that are in every sentence, like 'interloper' or 'grah'.Once you finally purchase that last inventory slot, that's you. There's no reward for any upgrades you do, no incentive.You can't customise your ship, the only thing that tells a ship apart from the next is the model, of which there are barely any and the generated name of the ship. There's no external customisation at all.Most planets are barren, dead or too hostile to care for. The false advertising showed an wealth of planets, beautifully generated (until we found they made the planets for the ads) and with loads of life and interesting things to do.Don't go the the centre, there's nothing interesting. No super black hole or perfect planet with intelligent life and a city. Nothing at all, it's literally a teleporter to a new galaxy. What's different about that galaxy? Nothing. It's just got a different name and it's the same grinding process that has no incentive or reward at the end of it. This game is essentially an early access indie game yet it has been sold as a AAA masterpiece.It's broken, glitchy and worst of all nobody at Hello Games is talking. So don't buy this game, because it isn't worth £40. This should've been the demo for all I care. Spend your money, hard-earned or not on Star Citizen or Elite: Dangerous because this game frankly did not live up to the hype whatsoever and it's dissapointing and sad to be honest.Edit: More than 50 hours."
,Not Recommended,275850,25299356,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,SwagginsBaggins,"Don't buy this game....its nothing like the demos they showed at E3, nor the trailers/photos you see here on the Steam store page.Its incredibly boring, doesn't hold true to what we saw, and there is literally no content. It's weird how a game with such a huge universe, feels the exact same no matter where you go."
,Not Recommended,275850,25064973,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Excel Wizard,"This game is not worth the $60 price tag. So many missing features that were shown/discussed during development. So little actual content. There's just *nothing* to this game. In it's current state, it should be a $20 Early Access title. If you've played the game for an hour, you've literally seen absolutely everything that No Man's Sky has to offer. If you play longer than an hour, you're just going to see the same thing from the first hour, but in a blue hue, or pink, or purple, or green. You won't see anything like you've seen in any of the trailers.I've never been more disappointed by a game, and I feel lied to by the developers. By the time I realized this game was so empty, I had played too many hours to return it through Steam. Afterwards, I decided to push on towards the center of the galaxy in hopes of seeing something amazing. Surely there had to be something worth all the hours of resource collecting and inventory management? Nope. Nothing. This one is not worth your time or money."
,Not Recommended,275850,25179030,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Fapo,I played the first two hours pleasently surprised after such a backlash after launch (I was never one of the super hyped people) so decided to keep playing it. But after another 8 hours still haven't 'discovered' anything new.Just look at this joke of a game.
76561198180440857,Not Recommended,275850,25128804,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,theprincesscolumbus,"Tried to love it. Couldn't love it. Barely like it. Played too long hoping to find something to love to be able to get a refund, and now I regret it."
76561197966734976,Not Recommended,275850,25319533,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Xephim,"As it stands right now, the number of broken promises, bugs, lack of variety, and a plethora of other flaws prevents this from being a title worth the $60.  Perhaps if the studio patches the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the game and actually delivers on their promises, maybe then NMS would be worth the price of admission.It would be a mistake to purchase this game right now for the full price.  Perhaps if it were to be only $15 or so, then it would be worth at least keeping."
,Not Recommended,275850,26023806,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Neil,One of the worst games I've ever played.
76561198166725475,Not Recommended,275850,25565462,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Pur901,DONT GET IT!! its much more boring than sean murray made it sound
76561198037260903,Not Recommended,275850,25463481,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Nomad,"Literally the most lackluster survival/scifi/shooter/open world game I have ever played. Too many promises weren't kept. Explore, gather, repeat. If you want a survival game go to The Long Dark. They may be small, but at least they stay true to their Indie roots and dont promise things they cannot deliver."
76561198034527627,Not Recommended,275850,25911174,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Lustwaffel,"No, just no... then again I got a refund, which is nice"
,Not Recommended,275850,26108436,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Disco Turtle,"Developers fled the studio with whatever money they can scoop up. ♥♥♥♥ Sean Murray, you ♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,275850,26200563,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,kdsing2,lol. just lol.  why? Why troll us like this?  Hello Games seriously just took the money and ran.
76561198244229056,Not Recommended,275850,26232073,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Dark Red,SEAN WHY DID YOU LIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!????
76561197975906295,Not Recommended,275850,26108722,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,nonomos,"Starts off pretty good, interesting graphics and atmospheric. This lasts for about an hour or two, then the real nature of the game will present itself.It gets extremely repetitive and monotome, adding to this you even will find the very same space travellers far from your starting point (throughout the game). The planets are oddly familiar and it really does not matter if you follow the stories or make up your own journey, since they are basically the same no matter what you do. This is basically a space-farming simulator with very limited inventory space. And since your farming actually wont take you anywhere, unless getting the most expensive ship is the hidden quest of the game, you are better off just trying to finish the main story. Which I did not finish to be honest because I spoiled it by watching a guy stream reaching to the last system. I would advice doing this in order to save those 60EUR.As if this was not enough, my game kept crashing or freezing every other hour.Can I recommend this game? No.Will I play it in the future if they manage to fix the game? No.Can I at this point come up with something positive to say about the game? No.Do I regret buying it? Yes."
76561198114798296,Not Recommended,275850,25468092,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Oddity,Don't. Just don't.
,Not Recommended,275850,25570146,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Moose,as hyped as i was for this game...i got kinda bored after finding the same thing over and over and getting distraacted by this useless journey milestone every 30 seconds....buy at your own riusk...has potential to be better
,Not Recommended,275850,26432404,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Sirikan,This game should have cost about $10 and been an early access game. Would have had a lot of potential if they kept working on it but as it stands its crap.
76561198057006763,Not Recommended,275850,25332803,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,HunterPDX,"This game is awful.  Not worth $60.  May be worth 1/5th that, if you're feeling generous and want to waste time in an empty universe with mind-numbing sameness.PRO:  Allows deep, personal exploration of pathos and the role of tedium in our lives.CON:  Everything else."
,Recommended,275850,34206346,Posted: 12 August,all,Mikeymanguy,I have never seen a game do a 180 like this. The devs had no reason to push on and improve this game. I just want to thank the devs for fixing and adding features to a game that had a rough start. If you love to hop in a space while and explore this game might be for you.
,Recommended,275850,34213147,Posted: 13 August,all,Pjotter,"Atlas Rises has evolved the context of the age old question from mockingly asking 'What do you do in No Man's Sky' to genuine interest.The game now gives you so many ways to awnser this question; from uncovering the mystery and significance of your part in the galaxy to exploring procedural awe-inspiring vista's. The game is now great, but it's not for everyone.If you look at gameplay footage and you see it as a glorified resource gathering game; it really isn't for you.If you look at the same footage and see an opportunity to discover unique experiences that you can share with the community; buy it."
,Not Recommended,275850,26120684,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Mr.Crabs,THE CAKE IS A LIE!THECAKEISALIE!!THE CAKE IS A LIE!> DO NOT BUY.
76561198137032316,Recommended,275850,34212988,Posted: 13 August,all,The Cyborg Fox,"This game had a lot of what I wanted from a space game, free exploration, space battles, space stations, etc. Although I found out about this game after all the hype and I never really got why it was getting bad reviews (but I did do research and found out why). However, I bought this game on the hopes that Hello Games would redeem themselves with updates. And so far, I'm impressed. The price tag still isn't the best in the world, but overall it is becoming something really fun and interesting that maybe, just maybe, will justify the price."
76561198044125090,Not Recommended,275850,25332872,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Cogura Quine,"This game plays SO IMCREDIBLY SLOW on PC. I have to hold down the launch button for almost 10 seconds before my ship takes off. Once I'm on the ground and walking around the game can barely be played but once in the air, it is almost impossible to do anything. Don't buy this game on PC, get it on the PS4 instead."
,Not Recommended,275850,25860876,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,H1FE,"This game sucks.The first two hours were great, until you visited other planets. And you notice that its all the same.there is about 10 diffrent ships, three different types of planets. And the best part is once you reach the center of the universe, you start over ..... that's all you restart. No gear, no ship, no gun, no nothing.And for that I think we should all get refunds, and the price go down to $15 at the most."
76561198077166788,Recommended,275850,34175909,Posted: 11 August,all,Boris Kalashnikov,"TL:DR No man's sky had a very bad case of overhype. But with the release of 1.3 bringing a lot of the content promised at launch and some amazing new features. The ARG brought back new old players and enticed new people to buy this game so I feel that the community will only grow from here. Definitely, a must buy.The lack of content before 1.3 was an issue but Atlas Rises added not only quests(procedurally generated so you will never run out) but also makes planets more enjoyable to explore with its new biome system adding hours of enjoyment.Atlas Uprising also added much more story to the game and overhauled many old flawed systems. Adding the ability to low fly is great as you no longer need a mod for it. Flying in and out of canyons and valleys is an amazing experience.With this update, they laid the ground work for more multiplayer updates in the future. Exploring systems with friends is sure to be a blast and I can only see Hello Games adding on to this system in the future.The Terrain Manipulator lets you add and remove ground as you see fit letting you build bigger and better than before!For those who like exploring you can now find crashed freighters around planets. You can search them to find lost cargo. Using the new terrain manipulator you can find and excavate buried resources.My verdict is that this update breathed a new life into this game that will keep it moving forward for quite a long time.-Full patch notes-Update 1.3, Atlas Rises, brings a brand new and overhauled central storyline, portals, a new procedural mission system, trade improvements, system economies, joint exploration and more.This update marks the one year anniversary of No Man’s Sky, and a lot has changed. Please see Pathfinder and Foundation for previous major updates. This is the next step on our journey.Full Update ArticleAtlas Rises TrailerCome chat about the Atlas Rises with us on our Discord Server!:https://discord.gg/WDwzAaTA NEW STORYIn the Atlas Rises story, the fabric of existence is starting to falter. A mysterious new interdimensional race have appeared. Glitches are causing ancient portals to activate. Our story brings a new context, quest system and branching narrative to No Man’s Sky. 30 hours of new story content. Double the lore and interactions of the existing game. Discover the truth behind the Abandoned Building logs, the World of Glass, the Sentinels, the redemption of the Gek, and the meaning of sixteen… After Waking Titan, Atlas Rises.NEW WORLDSThe variety and visual quality of planetary biomes has been improved. Explore rare new exotic planet types as you journey toward the galactic core.CRASHED FREIGHTERSDiscover and scavenge lost cargo from gigantic crashed Freighters on planetary surfaces.Use the terrain manipulator to excavate buried resources in the region.Complete Salvage missions for Guild rewards.MISSION SYSTEMVisit the new Mission Agent in Space Stations to pick up unique and rewarding new tasks.Missions are constantly generated, and cater to all play styles (scanning, trading, combat and exploration).New NPC guilds have been introduced, each with standing and objectives.Build your standing with numerous NPC guilds and unlock more difficult, more rewarding missions.INTERSTELLAR TRADINGNew economic variables bring new depth to trading between star systems.Star systems are now classed based on their economic strengths and weaknesses.New trade goods have been added. Meet supply and demand by purchasing goods at a low price, and hauling them to economically favourable systems.A tiered crafting system allows increasingly valuable products to be crafted by combining harvestable materials.Gas harvesters have been introduced, allowing explorers to extract valuable elements from a planet’s atmosphere to use in crafting.Combine crafted products to create increasingly valuable items that can be sold on the Galactic Marketplace.New maintenance interactions have been introduced for all harvesting equipment, bringing more depth to farming, mining and harvesting.ANALYSIS VISORAnalysis Visors have been re-calibrated to show more information and offer better rewards for scanning.Analyse resources before harvesting for to gain alternative resources from mining.See more information about each discovery.Scanning Flora and Fauna now yields increased rewards.Specialised analysis visor upgrades can be equipped to further improve effectiveness.TERRAIN EDITINGTransform the ground beneath your feet using the new terrain editing Multi-Tool enhancement.Add or remove terrain to mould the landscape as you see fit, anywhere on any planet.Choose from a number of materials, shapes and sizes to sculpt your unique creations.Form terrain around your base to make it feel like part of the environment.PORTALSAncient portals can now be activated. Revisit previous planets, others bases or jump randomly to new worlds.Learn the language of portals by unlocking mysterious glyphs as you journey through the universe.Interact with a portal and input a specific combination of glyphs to quick travel to a specific planet.Share glyph combinations with the community to help others travel quickly to specific planets and points of interest.SPACE COMBATA number of improvements have been made to space flight and combat.Enemy artificial intelligence has been overhauled, and new difficulties have been added.Ship manoeuvrability has been improved, bringing more skill to dog-fighting.Devastating rockets can be equipped to ships and upgraded for even greater firepower.A new HUD has been introduced to improve the experience of space combat. This includes a communicator, which can be used to advance mission steps, or even to hail pirates before they attack.LOW FLIGHTAtmospheric low flight assist now allows players to cruise above the terrain.Low flight and improved flight control make in-atmosphere dog fighting more likely and exciting.Warning: crashing into obstacles will cause damage to your ship. If your ship is destroyed, you’ll need to repair it before leaving the planet.JOINT EXPLORATIONGlitches in the simulation have begun to appear.Visualised by strange floating orbs, up to 16 players can see and communicate with one another, and explore the universe together.While interaction with others is currently very limited, this is an important first step into the world of synchronous co-op in No Man’s Sky.While interaction is very limited, VOIP (Voice over IP) allows proximity based voice chat with other nearby explorers.Use portals to quickly travel to more populated planets, or to meet up with friends.NEW SHIPSNew Class S ship designs have been introduced, and can be found roaming the galaxy. Interact with their owners to view, and offer to buy their ship.Wealthier systems have more expensive, higher class ships.QUALITY OF LIFETemperature measurement has been converted from Celsius to Fahrenheit based on locale.Summon your ship from anywhere on a planet’s surface using your quick menu.Specific Technology and Cargo inventories have been added to improve inventory management.Playstation 4 players can now adjust their field of view via the options menu.Jump between systems from the comfort of your Freighter. Just interact with the hologram on your bridge, and select a location to travel to.Landing your ship no longer auto-ejects you from the cockpit. Take time to survey the planet before exiting.GENERATIONA regenerated system adds wealth, economy and conflict levels to star systems.To control this the Galaxy Map has been overhauled, improving navigation and providing access to key information.Install galactic technology to be able to filter the map by lifeform, wealth and economy.Improved waypointing, and navigation allows you to see your journey so far, from beginning to end.Not all the notes will fit so go tohttps://www.reddit.com/r/NoMansSkyTheGame/comments/6t08as/atlas_rises_update_v13/for full notes"
,Recommended,275850,34201654,Posted: 12 August,all,Ragged,"I bought this game since it was on sale, and I managed to make 8$ off PUBG crates, so I only spent 15$ on it, so I wasn't going in too heavy on investing in this game, so even if I didn't like it, no big deal.Jumping into the game, I plopped out my settings and put everything on ultra. Gotta see 100% what this game has to offer, I must admit it's quite a beatiful art style and I think they really captured what they were going for, the random creatures are a bit derpy at times yeh, but that adds a bit of humor to the game!Fixxing my ship only took me about 1 hour or so, and it felt very rewarding to hop in and blast off into the stars! Once out I was welcomed with a freighter at which I boarded and met a captain to depressed to keep on! He offered to sell me his freighter, but sadly the price was too much for my tiny pocket of money could offer! so I set off in search for a new planet to settle and explore!I really enjoyed the random encounters and the grinding and combat made the game very enjoyable and keeps me interested.I managed to dump 6 hours into this game when I bought it at 2AM, and didn't go to bed till 8AM, cause I lost track of time :PI can't speak for Hello games lying history and their release, as those were pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥, but as a review for this game in it's current state, I'd say it's worth the 23$, maybe not full price 60$, but deff 23$"
76561198223820564,Not Recommended,275850,25254302,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Torvik Torral,"Wow, what can be said about this game that hasn't already been said.  In a nutshell I would say this game is over-hyped, over-priced, and very underwelming.  If this was a free to play or under $20 I would say it's an ok game with some potential.  But it is nothing like I had hoped for.Quintillions of planets? More like quintillions of naming options for about five different types of planets.  I was hoping for much much more based on the media.I somehow played this game for 100 hours!  I hoped each time I warped to a new system I would find something new that would make we want to stay, but nope, just more of the same.  I hoped for a new patch that would bring something new to the game or at least give me hope of something fun.  Nope, just more of the same day after day after day.And best of all, no refund since I played too long.  So if you question whether you like the game after an hour you'd better get a refund.  Because after the first thirty minutes you have pretty much seen all there is to see.The funniest experience I have had in this game was last night when I finally decided enough was enough.  I found a knowledge stone and learned a new (and final) word.  My final word learned was the Kovax word for ""Excitement"".   This game has very little of that.I would NOT recomend this game to anyone until it is Free or very low priced.  And don't come into this game with high expectations."
,Not Recommended,275850,26402731,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Simo559,failed to devliver on promises
76561198207487291,Not Recommended,275850,26402664,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,MaZZe,Hellnogames presents: No Mans Lie
76561197997340340,Not Recommended,275850,26402946,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Bassie,Did not live up to the hype
,Not Recommended,275850,25074135,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,❄❄Ripper.Pebble❄❄,Played the game for 9 hours only to find the *hype* was disappointingWould only recomend this game if it was $20 for its current contents.
76561198240894442,Not Recommended,275850,25370020,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Sinister_Ways,Waist of time and money both broken and repetitive. Was gonna travel to my first Atlas station untill it randomly disappeared from the universe and seems to be nowhere in sight. 50 hours in and I can't even get an Atlas pass or new blueprints because of random chance B U L L S H I T!! Don't buy this game it is a complete mess and let down.
,Not Recommended,275850,25933755,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Toastoritoes,I paid $60....
76561198143869969,Not Recommended,275850,25162460,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,nokku,Nice tech demo. But 60€? Atrocious.
76561198048939147,Not Recommended,275850,25162312,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,1karl1,Fascinating at first then after about an hour or two you realise you've seen just about everything this game has to offer gameplay-wise . That taking off & landing on new planets get's old quickly to a point after 7 hours i just deleted the game never to play again . As many have said as wide as an ovena & as deep as a puddle just about sums it up .
76561198201948892,Not Recommended,275850,26033403,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Donald Trump,♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t lies
,Not Recommended,275850,25785948,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,FreshFlink,No Man's Sky? No!!! More like No Man's Lie.
,Recommended,275850,28112993,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,WiccaFish,"THere is so much hate for this game and I can see why. 60$ for an Alpha? WTH!? But honestly this game isn't as bad as many make it out to be. You'll read more and more negative comments but most of these people don't even understand the game. To start this game is MASSIVE. THey didn't randomly generate a game world, a solar system, a galaxy. No, they randomly generated a freaking UNIVERSE. 225 galaxies to explore. 18 quintillion planets to land on, seamlessly, with 0 loading screens (unless you're jumping from one star system to the next but even then load times are 1-5 second) All of this packed into a 2gb package!? That alone makes this game impressive AF. But lets get down to the meat and bones, the gameplay. It consists of mostly walking, scanning alien life, objects, flora. SHooting rocks, gathering materials. The basics. Just like every other survival game. But now with the new update they've really shown what this game is capable of. Now you can claim a planet for yourself, build a base on it, hire alien specialist to gain more technologies, blueprints, etc. You can farm rare plants to gain important material. Purchase a GARGANTUAN freighter and load it up with materials to then fly to other systems and sell for MAJOR profits. Wanna customize that freighter? well you can. you can build inside of it just as if it were a planet side base and fill it with whatever. Honestly this game is flawed. It isn't great, but it is good. THis update is the first step the team of 15 at Hello Games (yes 15 people made this game) in the right direction. If you deleted this, or werent able to get a refund and just pushed it from your mind. Now would be the time to get back into it. The next update (Codenamed Biggie) is right around the corner and the content in this current one is worth the time, I promise. They rebalanced everything and added a load of content. Give No Man's SKy a second chance. you wont regret it."
,Not Recommended,275850,24902503,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Deity,"Clearly not ready for a final release, this game is glitchy and bug filled, and chugs with anything but the lowest of graphical settings on most systems. Apparently the three additional days it took to release this high priced garbage on PC on top of the numerous delays this game has suffered was not enough to iron out the kinks that valuing their console fanbase inevitably created in their low quality PC port. This trash wouldn't pass as a low priced bargain game let alone a full $60 release. I do find the game enjoyable, but I regret paying full price for it. Wait for either a price drop or for Hello to stop ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on their PC playerbase's chests before buying."
,Not Recommended,275850,24984460,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,SenaSmrt,"Just so disappointed.  All the cool stuff in the trailers and exposés seams to have been ripped out of the game in the last 4 months.Traiding, crafting, fighting, faction wars, large space battles, differnt ships for playstyle, even the revolutionairy planet physics are ALL nurfed or missingThere is no complexity to play, you end up doing the same thing over and over and over and over...I wanted to love this game.  Now I wish i could just get my money and time back."
76561198026562365,Not Recommended,275850,24950288,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Basajdaj,"It's BEAUTIFUL, it's technically a GAME, yet it's not what I expected based on trailers and few articles I read.*Planet surface fights - absolutely most basic and unrewarding; no real danger; every fight looks the same.THIS IS NOT A FPS SHOOTER*Planet surface flight - absolutely most basic and unrewarding; no real flight mechanics; you fly on an invisible rail on certain height above the ground and the only thing you can do is.. turn left/right, press E to land, press W to launchTHIS IS NOT A FLIGHT SIM*Space fight / flight - absolutely most basic and unrewarding; etc, etc - you know the drill by nowTHIS IS NOT A SPACE FIGHTER SIMIt's a WALKING SIMULATOR with rudimentary Skinner Box game loop of farming stuff to get more inventory space to get more stuff to get more inventory space to get more...As a EXPLORATION GAME - yes, IT'S DELIVERING THAT. Even though after some time it becomes repetitive, I've still decided to upgrade from GTX 660 to 980 Ti just to marvel at the scenic beauty of No Man's SkyI am disappointed by it exactly as I was dissapointed by ""Elite: Dangerous"" and ""X Rebirth""Maybe all those people from Frontier Developments, Egosoft and Hello Games should unite and start one company.Who knows - we might finally get the game that lives up to the hype.TL:DR - Love it, HATE it, will play some more anyway"
76561197985948265,Not Recommended,275850,28097746,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Leviathan,"There's literally nothing worth in this game that would set it apart from other space free-roam games and graphically it's far behind games like Elite:Dangerous.Most worlds I discovered simply weren't believable or immersive, meeting the same silly and scarce plants and animals over and over again while hopping around in toxic rain is just boring and silly after a few hours.Right now: not immersive, not enough content how big that universe might ever be.Under the not so shiny surface is just a ton of mindless grind and dull exploration.Disappointing.Stay clear until they fix the major issues and deliver immersive, entertaining worlds full of wonder and not full of clipping atrocities."
76561198011063500,Not Recommended,275850,24916560,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,FruitBat Man,"Take the review with a grain of salt.  Played for 90 mins before I refunded.For the money I would NOT consider the game worth it.  It is an impressive feat for such a small team, but fails to deliver for a premium price range.  The ""objective"" is vague and really up to you.  Explore or don't.  Rush to the center of the universe or don't.I for one did not have a single technical issue, ran at max settings and suffered no stutter in FPS.  However, I found the game extremely repetitive and dare-say dull... It has some charm to it, but definitely not something that could keep my attention due to lack of side objectives other than the basic explore this place then that one... after a while all the planets look and feel the same to me.  Had to refund."
,Not Recommended,275850,24846442,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,ImStreamlined,"It isn't what was advertised and it's as simple as that. The game isn't as aesthetically pleasing as the screenshots let on and even at max settings it looks like♥♥♥♥♥and runs like my paraplegic sister. I've already filed for my refund, I suggest you don't pick this up. It isn't worth the asking price for admission."
76561198033989851,Not Recommended,275850,25176797,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,MisterWerewolf,"This game was a waste of time and money.  It's disheartening for me to put down a game.  It took me several hours to figure out what to do.  And another several hours to figure out where to go.  I bought the game and played it for 7 hours, and I tried my hardest to stay interested.  My biggest regret is not being able to get a refund for it.  I should have stopped before diving in further.  Gorgeous game, but it has no meat.  There's nothing aside from long winded assignments that deal with fixing your ship and upgrading your ship.  It's dead.  I honestly feel sorry for the developers, but they released what I call a half finished game."
,Not Recommended,275850,26018688,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,FrostyMcKraken,~~~DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!~~~This game was falsely advertised and way overpriced. Plain and simple. ♥♥♥♥ Hello Games for lying and ♥♥♥♥ Steam for being a party to blatant fraud.~~~DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!~~~
76561198316401663,Not Recommended,275850,25300215,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,dlcdlc5055,worst game ever
76561198089494490,Not Recommended,275850,25248806,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,1bigchef,I gave it 24 hours of game play and have to say it's the best $19 game you can buy for $60. I enjoyed about five hours then the tedium set in...it's empty.
76561198092610577,Not Recommended,275850,25300227,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Hirer24,How do i refund this game cause i bought the season pass but didnt get around playing it in about a couple of months later. And i say im very dissapointed in it.
76561198055330496,Not Recommended,275850,25328698,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Quinterro,More than half of primoses wasn't carried out.
,Not Recommended,275850,25244233,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Hiro Protagonist,"Developer straight up lied about the included content. After 20 hours of play, hoping that the planets would become more varied and interesting as the devs said, it turned out to be the same recylced, homogenized crap over and over again. Myriad features cut from the game. No different ship classes, no landing on asteroids, hell, no big dinosaur-like creatures like the ones clearly featured in the promotional videos ON THIS VERY PAGE. Flight controls are wonky at best, and theres an arbitrary flight floor, so forget any dreams of zipping through canyons on a procedurally generated world. They've straight up neutered any meaningful space-sim aspect.And for the love of god, don't even get me started on the endgame. For the sake of those who want to experience it themselves, I won't spoil anything, but I've read what happens, and just prepare yourself to be massively underwhelmed.The final kick in the pants is that Steam won't give refunds for this pile of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. 2 hous isn't even enough time to complete the quest that lets you warp to new systems, let alone get the feel of this game. From now on I'm only buying new releases throughGog.comas they have a 30 day money-back guarantee. Do yourself a favor and don't buy new releases through Steam unless you completely trust the developer.TLDR; Sean Murray oversold this game. Do not buy it in its current state. Steam's refund policy is♥♥♥♥♥♥when it comes to games like this, where 2 hours is nowhere near enough to evaluate it. If they make massive overhauls to every aspect of this game it might be worth $30 one day. As of now, don't even bother."
76561197998743455,Not Recommended,275850,25006901,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Jonny B. Cool,"I have played this game for over 40 hours and at first it was very interesting. The first time I left my starting planet and went into space it was incredible. But after a while it got very boring and repetitive (mine this material for this upgrade so you can get to another planet that has another material for another upgrade and so on). There is no interesting story line (get to a centre of a galaxy just to start over in another galaxy, and then again go to the centre of that galaxy to get to another galaxy, and on and on). NPC interaction is boring like hell and repetitive. Space fights were cool at the beginning, but soon after they became boring and repetitive. This game has the hallmarks of an indie game that was developed by a studio of 10 people (and it shows – lack of interesting content) but it has a price of an AAA game. This game isn’t a bad game but it’s not worth 60$ or 60€. Just wait for a price drop to buy the game."
,Not Recommended,275850,25211232,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Fahd,010
76561198076038659,Not Recommended,275850,24850881,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Renks,"Wow... Where to start.If you enjoy owning a $3000 dollar computer only to play a game that has non stop camera stuttering and bugs, this is the game for you. This game was BEYOND hyped, and for it to be like this opening day, is sad. This is reminding me of The Division all over again. What is up with games rushing this and promising more than they can clearly handle? This game should have been an alpha.We the players were excited to jump in and play after such built up excitement only for our experience to be stopped dead in its tracks and ruined by the stuttery lag, uncontrollable mouse speed, the ""tab out and never be able to tab back in again"" rage enducing clicker hell. This is just to scratch the surface. I havent even really been able to get too far into it with such conditions.Even the fact that you have such a large single player world with no base building in it yet, but when questioned mention how it is to come in later updates -- THIS SCREAMS SHOULDA' BEEN ALPHA to me.The game still looks beautiful in its own buggy way, and I still have hopes for it in the future just because it has the potention of being so friggen awesome but until then...IF I WAS YOU, id wait it out and keep and eye on forums and reviews a month or so down the road and see what condition the game is in then. Hey maybe ull even be able to catch it in an upcoming sale."
76561198018191827,Not Recommended,275850,25002366,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Agam3nn0n,"There is still a lot of good in No Man's Sky.  The game at first leaves you blown away and inspired to explore Hello Games vast universe.  It is a unique game with a framework that is revolutionary.  It falls short in the depth of content offered in the game.  Hello Games built a solid engine and gaming framework that I hope they perfect and inspire other games to tackle.The game content itself is only superficially different from planet to planet.  Once you scratch the surface of a planet, everything just seems to be one of the same.  The same 3 civilizations cover the galaxy (hopefully other galaxies will have unique civilizations but who knows) with the same set of identical buildings random on every planet.  AI is limited and has little purpose.  There are few quests and the exploratory purpose of the game becomes quickly repetitive.  THESE ALL COULD BE FIXED BUT THIS GAME WAS SOLD AS A COMPLETE GAME, NOT AN EARLY ACCESS.Hello Games should have launched No Man's Sky as an early access, the game needs far more depth and development to warrant its full-price cost.However, I am enjoying my experience in this game regardless of its flaws.  I hope with future updates (yes there will be updates and possibly DLC, screams of an Alpha anyone???), this game will become more of the game that was hyped.  No Man's Sky does not live up to the expectation, hype, and pricetag but remains a solid alpha.  Because of these reasons, I cannot recommend it at its current $60 price and limited content."
76561198238076772,Not Recommended,275850,25375170,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,SherlockHolmes,"I am pretty frutrated with the game because it wasn't all it was hyped to be. I was one of the idiots who pre-ordered it with the excitement for something spectacular. It's lacking in content and its pretty glitchy on the PC. I really hope that the patches will improve the game in both areas because $59.99 is alot of money for a glitchy release with small in game content and a BIG learning curve. Still, it has potential to be really good...once the developers realize gamers want the full developed game and not a nicely wrapped demo."
,Not Recommended,275850,25218867,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,fullbore,"No Man's Sky is a game with alot of potenital but Hello Games hasn't harnessed that said potenital. Every time you enter a new system, You find X amount of planets and usually a Space station. When you enter the space station it's the exact same as the one before except for it might be a different varaiton of the only 3 intelligent speceies in NMS behind a counter. In the actually hangar ship can fly in and out and you can interact with said ships. But hang around for more then 5 mins and you'll see that the ships are just on a loop. Sometimes you'll get identical AI ships in the hangar at the same time. There is variety with every system but only to a certain degree.In the current state of the game, in my opinion it is not worth the $60+ Price tag(After taxes) Maybe if they added even simple bounty quests that gave you a reason to land and explore plantes instead of landing just to mine the same handful of resources, even then I wouldn't say its worth $60.What Hello Games Accomplished with as small of a team is amazing, but the lack of promised features/content and AAA price tag out ways that accomplishment."
,Not Recommended,275850,24846556,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,⭐️dylan⭐,I start up the game and the title screen appears. Normal normal stuff then planets fly by and it crashes before i can play. Im just waiting for the day one patch. Add that to another day of delays! My problem is the constant crashes. Please fix them
76561197995438252,Not Recommended,275850,25179693,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,elcid49,Lots of promises that didn't deliver
76561198070310980,Not Recommended,275850,24846577,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,zenaw45,"Horrible frame rate, bad audio, nothing to do in game."
,Not Recommended,275850,25179915,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Cody,Nothing but lies and missing features.
,Not Recommended,275850,25504646,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Rijkemaster,"Not Fun, more like boring man's sky. Don't waste your money."
76561198064433205,Not Recommended,275850,26428654,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,MeTrash,Hello Games is the greatest conglomerate of conmen ever to grace this earth.
76561198080675973,Not Recommended,275850,25333833,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,COCAINE LOVER [HUN],where isthe destrt planet with the giant snake?the epic space battle between the pirates and the trader?the multiplayer?the factions?the inteligent animals?where is all the promises????j want a refound this game is not that no man' sky what they promised
,Not Recommended,275850,26209437,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,DAILY DOSE,it was all lies.
,Not Recommended,275850,25837454,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Sanreyo,I had such hopes for this game. I want my money back.
76561197970516996,Not Recommended,275850,26218366,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,The Spanish Inquisition,Durp!
,Not Recommended,275850,25427604,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,SaYyIV,ظراط
76561198212855024,Not Recommended,275850,25758135,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Reckless,"... I thought I bought ""No Man's Sky"" but it seems I ended up being a game called ""No Man's Lie"" ... Thanks Sean Murray, you're the best...."
76561198142484772,Not Recommended,275850,25780750,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,sander,its bad
76561198038263043,Not Recommended,275850,25387879,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Frosty,"They lied about many features for this game. They built the base for which a game could be built on, but did not finish. This game is not worth $60 let alone $20. Dont waste your money."
,Not Recommended,275850,25297000,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,RiscX,Over priced.Developers lied about what was going to be in the game.False advertising.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!THIS IS A SCAM!
76561198028884388,Not Recommended,275850,25490063,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,GravyBacon1,"Boring, Buggy, Unpolished."
,Not Recommended,275850,25334734,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,GUNNRGAMING,it has potential but it just did not deliver
76561198092813127,Not Recommended,275850,26284075,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,BuzzBomb,Don't know why I let this get my hopes up.
76561197999784148,Not Recommended,275850,25225845,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,1CAE,"Just a game to fly around and explore empty planets, doing the same♥♥♥♥♥♥all the time till you are bored and want to go to sleep"
,Not Recommended,275850,25713307,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Soulxreaver,"I feel really scammed. This Game is nowhere near, to what was advertised. And Steam is backing up such shemes with their Refund Policy. Thanks Steam for screwing over loyal costumers."
76561197993949590,Not Recommended,275850,25008882,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Nosterex,"I take no pleasure in not recommending this game in it's current state.While technically clever, No Man's Sky is not worth the asking price in any shape or form.If Hello Games decide to fill their game with more content, i may look at No Man's Sky again on sale, But don't you DARE charge people for DLC for an empty game void of any substantial content. Vote with your wallet people.Say no to shady business practices.Good Gaming."
,Not Recommended,275850,25242611,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,alimuzaffarkhan,"I have been waiting for this game for years. Bought this. Played this. But I have to say... Sean lied to everyone. This game is not even 10% of what was promised and the price tag is way to high for what has been delivered. I would hold off on buying this until...1. Actual content is added2. Frame rate issues are solvedI practically cannot play this game I pushed through as much as I can because I hoped it would get better. But after 16 hours, just gave up."
76561198077090235,Not Recommended,275850,25260526,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Aquarius,The devs at hello games lied this game was nothing like the trailers and what we where promised!
76561198079499331,Not Recommended,275850,25260475,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Agent York,Don't buy this game it should be at the dollar store.
76561197993619523,Not Recommended,275850,25299768,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Fascismo,"Do not buy this game it is junk. You will not get a refund so it is very much not worth the price. Maybe for $1, but not 5."
76561197987747444,Not Recommended,275850,25368921,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,FreeWiFi,"Minecraft in space, only thing you cant do nothing but collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and collect resource and go to another planet and"
76561198060326788,Not Recommended,275850,25026986,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,iate3.142day,"terrible, just terrible"
,Not Recommended,275850,25027001,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Emblazoned,"Between bugs, missing features, misleading development, and frankly, poor game design, I can't recommend this product less.Edit: It could have micro-transactions, but then you might be getting something for your money so..."
,Not Recommended,275850,24986326,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,HK-77,"It's an endless exploration game.Fun colors.Runs smoothly on a 7850 paired with 2600k @ 4.4ghz on low settings.I've never crashed or frozen, the first 30 minutes were kinda whacky, but after that, 10 perfect hours.-BadHideously generated wildlife.Nothing that was supposed to be in the game is in the game.You can't even fly as close to the ground as the pictures, the ship snaps to an invisible plane above the ground.I haven't encountered any bugs other than extremel rare take offs that send me directly into space."
76561197979009911,Not Recommended,275850,25308200,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,MrMerd,What a waste of money. Not worth the 60$
76561198037432941,Not Recommended,275850,25152243,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,The Griever,"I'm only playing the game still because I want to get my moneys worth, but I've been bored the majority of the time playing. Everything has been done before, and better."
,Not Recommended,275850,25367544,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,کeeglem,"I sold a CS:GO knife for this game, I had more fun with a virtual item than this whole game"
,Not Recommended,275850,25256696,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Bernie Sanders,"Im sorely dissapointed in NMS :( ive waited more than half a year since buying it and although ive tried to give everyone who asked for it a smile and tell the the game will improve, it simply hasn't. None of the goals I had in mind set out for myself can even be achieved since the product does not match the previews we got at the E3... maybe one day it will, i don't know but this was far from it"
76561198117671915,Not Recommended,275850,25301256,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Global_Rin,Refunded this game and bought Witcher3 at almost same priceGreatest choice in my life10/10 refund simulator
,Not Recommended,275850,25207639,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Uz,"I bought the game with the expectations set by the pre-release ""ingame footage"", alleged game mechanics and more. After i have played for a few hours, thinking that following the ATLAS is some sort of tutorial, i quickly realised that i dont have to wait for the features and footage to appear. They are not part of the game.All i got instead was some very, very repetitive gameplay, ugly creatures, and basically not much fun, if any.I would not recommend buying this game for the full price, this would be better of as a 9,99 or 19,99 indie title for casual and occasional playing."
76561197975532010,Not Recommended,275850,25287732,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,PeerKhan,"Didn't really have great expectations for this game, I actually bought it because it had such bad reviews.. Great visuals, and fun exploration, but damn it get's boring fast.  I've visited every planet and space station in my original system and STILL can't find any antimatter to get out.  I expect that if I even could, it would be more of the same monotonous grind that it's been so far..  I have to agree with other reviews that this feels more like a crowd funded startup than an actual finished game..  60 bucks is way too much..  MAYBE 20 would be ok.. save your money and wait for a special."
76561197993879710,Not Recommended,275850,24878287,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Laird Duart,"Really great high-level concept let down by technical issues and lack of meaningful content. Couple that with some odd and clunky ui decisions (click and hold to do anything, drag and drop is non existent as the inventory especiallys feel that it was pulled straight from the console version). All in all I think this game has potential but I don't feel that it warrants the full release status and the AAA price tag at the moment. I very much had a ""this feels like an early access title"" vibe. I will be keeping tabs on this game and may adjust my review accordingly down the road."
76561198034094596,Not Recommended,275850,25064867,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,98cafe,"Sadly, I've had to revise my review for this game.Until they have fixed the save file corrupting bug, don't buy this.  I haven't had any technical issues with the game before now, but I just lost > 100 hours due to a bug that should have been resolved prior to shipping."
,Not Recommended,275850,25217273,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,headcrabrights,"This game was a huge dissappointment and is not as advertised. The sense of wonder and exploration you see in the promotional videos go away after about 2 hours, and it just becomes a boring repetitive grind of a game with no surprises, no struggles, and no rewards. I felt like I had payed $60 for a Data Entry job.- I started on a planet that was lush with big weird plants and animals and had a ""wow"" moment. I was excited. Once I had completed the extremely easy challenge of repairing my ship (the materials necessary to repair and refuel can be found EVERYWHERE in the universe) I realised just how lucky I was. These interesting looking planets are extremely rare and I spent hours on boring rocks of a planet with the same repetitive flora and fauna. You very quickly realise that the plants, animals, and buildings are made up of very few building blocks that the game just re-combines in different weird ways and start seeing patterns and repitition everywhere. I understand that this is a procedurally generated game, just saying that a few MORE building blocks combined in MORE ways would have been nice. The last 3 hours I played this game I just spent jumping from star system to star system, quickly landing on every planet in them just hoping to have that ""wow"" experience again. I never did.- Brings me to the point that entire planets look the same. By that I mean if you spend 5 minutes on a planet you have seen every variation of terrain and plants you will ever see on that entire planet. There is no point in exploring the planet, except for the fact that they are absolutely LITTERED with alien buildings that you have to visit to get upgrades for your mining tool and expand your inventory space. These buildings again are made up of very few basic building blocks and will look the same every time. Inside of these buildings you will have an extremely stiff encounter with an NPC that once again will ramble one out of 5 or so speeches (purely in text form because facial animations are too much for a $60 game). How you answer to this speech will then either give you another tech upgrade you don't care about, or nothing will happen. That is the entire depth of the NPC encounters. There are different alien races but your interactions with them have zero real consequences on gameplay.OOH in some buildings you get to solve a ""puzzle"" which is usually a 1st grade logic problem (""which should be the next number in this sequence"" type stuff). Again they couldn't bother to come up with more than like 3 or so of these little brain teasers so the same ones will come up again, and again, and again as you visit the same buildings again and again and again littered all over the same repetitive terrain again and again and again.My apologies that this review is almost as repetitive and boring as the game itself.I struggled to understand what this game is even supposed to be about. I completely understand the exploration side of it and why that is fun to people. The problem is that the sense of adventure and exploration goes away after the first 2 hours. You will then spend a majority of your time:1. Managing items and resources in your limited inventory space through the extremely clunky and unintuitive GUI.2. Mining resources that are abundant and prove no challenge at all to get so you can either fuel and upgrade your ship and equipment and keep ""exploring"" the same repetitive planets and star systems, or sell these resources so you can buy a bigger ship with more inventory that you can now fit more easy-to-find items in.There really isn't any real goals or rewards in the game except upgrading your equipment so you can experience boredom in a more efficient way. There is a vague mission to ""get to the center of the galaxy"" you can take. I don't want to spoil anything but since I keep saying how repetitive and pointless the gameplay is maybe you can imagine what actually happens when you do get to the center of the galaxy.These are just my thoughts on the actual gameplay itself, not to mention all the things that were shown to be in the game in promotional material that just isn't there.As have been stated by many people now and in media, this game have been falsely advertised in a big way and many many features and elements that would have added hugely to the gameplay and actually brought some depth to the game is completely missing. I don't think I need to repeat what they are as it's all over the Internet already. This is an empty shell of a game that should be priced for what it is: a $20 indie game that will entertain most people for just a few hours."
,Not Recommended,275850,25254672,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,holyfuckingshit,So boring I can't believe it.
76561198021617245,Not Recommended,275850,25137432,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Fheral,"I would say the best way to describe this game is from a quote from some youtubers. ""Vast as the ocean, but with the depth of a pond.""This game is extremelly repetitive and there are a lot of things that were advertised but did not made to the game. The PC version is really buggy and feels like it was rushed out. This game could never justify it's full title price, it would be ok for a US$ 20,00 game."
,Not Recommended,275850,25007462,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Evilbear,"This game is an interesting idea and I love the premise, but it is not the game promised.  I tried to see if the further in the game you went if the worlds changed or gameplay matched the trailers or dev videos, and it doesn't. the grind of one color scheme planet A will be the same of slightly hue color changed planet L down the road.Frustrating ""quest"" direction often leaves you wondering what to do, and rarely gives you a sense of accomplishment past getting your ship off the ground.  Literally the last ""I did something worthwile"" feeling.I hope that the game changes, maybe drops in price to reflect the actual depth pf gameplay, but as it stands I'd save your money and try something else down the line."
76561198024017636,Not Recommended,275850,26367275,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,SlaNT,Irresponsible developers
76561198192517034,Not Recommended,275850,26488067,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Junho,boo
76561198117631400,Not Recommended,275850,25309098,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Okarin,bad game and missleading trailer
76561197969403265,Not Recommended,275850,25021672,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,SiliconSeraph,"I reserve the right to edit this rating as the game is patched.There are some issues with NMS. Crashes to desktop are the worst but it's just not as polished as it should be. The product we were presented doesn't match the reality and it's honestly not going to be worth the price to most people. I've enjoyed what it has to offer but I'm sure I'm going to be more the exception than the rule. Here's hoping it improves as time goes on.TL:DR Wait for a sale. -33% at minimum.Edit: Also, why is it such a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to hit the landing pads? My car has a park assist feature yet my space ship can't give me a ~10 foot nudge?"
76561198045425307,Not Recommended,275850,25049397,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Link-Akq,"This game has seriously disapointed me.After following the release for 2 years and being seriously dissapointed by a delayed launch, mainly because I just couldnt wait to get my teeth into it.I am now at that awful point where I want to play it out of some sort of obligation, but can never muster the streghth to start the title because... whats the point...9 out of 10 times I'm probably going to fly around in my ship for 5 mins before remembering theres nothing I can be bothered to do and logging off.I think of all the things that annoy me the most its the seriously low level of complexity thats involved. You have created a giant universe, but there only seems to be a handfull of elements and items used to put together to create other usable objects, and nearly all can be found on just one planet. Sure some planets are rich in certain elements, but theres no search, theres no exploration or reason for exploration other than reaching the centre. Theres no side quests or interesting things to distract you on the way.Once you get past the inital few jumps and mined and few bits...theres nothing left, I could sit and work my way to the middle to find out the ultimate secret of no mans sky... but why? if the journey isnt interesting on the way, the ending will always be a let down.Im really sorry that I dont like this game... I expected a lot more... and I have to agree with the community when I say, we were shown a lot more along the way, that just wasnt delivered. There is such a huge amount of content that was cut, that may have changed things, sorry Sean and Hello Games."
76561198131630829,Not Recommended,275850,25516472,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Mahan,I got my refund.11/10 would refund again.
76561198041471543,Recommended,275850,34203951,Posted: 12 August,all,Scuba Steve,Become a much better game thank you for not abandoning the community.:)
76561198123591316,Recommended,275850,34220500,Posted: 13 August,all,43,"No Mans Sky had one of the ♥♥♥♥♥iest launches in existence, and when it first came out, it really wasn't very good at all. It's always been amazing to look at, but there was pretty much nothing to do.I stepped away for a year, but when 1.3 Atlas Rises came out, I figured I'd give it another go. Holy ♥♥♥♥ man, the devs really stuck with it even with the ♥♥♥♥♥torm that came their way after launch, and rightfully so. Just about every issue I had with the game when it released has been resolved. The game just has this feeling of wonder that I get when I look up at the night sky. It's not very action packed or hard, but its beautiful.The game is not for everyone, but that's not because it's so bad only some people can enjoy it. It's an experience that I've only ever felt while in NMS, and that experience isn't some constant explosion fest nor is it an extremely in depth space simulator; it's something all in its own.For all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Hello Games and Sean Murray pulled, I respect them for sticking with their work and giving FREE, meaningful updates that truly have made the game into a wholey unique and awe inspiring experience that actually makes me want to come back for more."
76561198365785105,Recommended,275850,34220541,Posted: 13 August,all,ciara.walker,"Having read all the negative imgur reviews of no man's sky after all the hype I was gutted and refused to pay so much for what sounded like an inferior product. however whatever they've done in the recent updates has changed everything as after reading recent change of tone in reviews I was finally excited enough to buy the game. Clocked my first two hours and it is glorious and beautiful, and so far simple to understand and navigate. Will update review if anything changes but so far so wondrous!"
76561197974793790,Recommended,275850,34738829,Posted: 4 September,all,YotsuMD,"The keyword is ""Take it for what it is"".Hello Games is trying to make up for the poor state the game was in at launch with new content patches, so that's good. I bought it while it was on sale, and I'd say it was worth it at that price.The game itself is alright so far, if a bit ""samey"" and repetitive with its flora and fauna, but that's a minor issue imo. It might not ever live up to what it was hyped up to be back before it launched, but I'd say it's worth giving a chance if you see it on sale."
76561198012773816,Recommended,275850,34195855,Posted: 12 August,all,surrealnirvana,Basically a EA title released as a AAA because “people” had bigger ambitions then their ability to execute them. Hello games took their lick-in from the entire world in mostly silence. Here we are one year later and finally we have something resembling what was promised. Plus stargates SG-1 style. At this point I would recommend if your into the whole space sci-fi open world genre.
,Not Recommended,275850,25170390,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,_CandleJack_,The modding community is developing this game better than the developers
,Recommended,275850,34213402,Posted: 13 August,all,Lotion In Motion,The recent review positivity percentage has gone up 25% (as of writing this) since Atlas Rises.Overall reviews have gone up 1%And there's a reason for it.Try it.
,Not Recommended,275850,25047690,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,bANONYMOUS,"This game is fantastic, however it has so many damn bugs it's as if this game is still in Alpha, there are graphical issues, map issues, HUGE framrate drops from 60fps all the way down to 3-5fps with the only way to fix it is to save (finding a save point at 3fps is death) and then closing the game so it can be reopened, works fine for about 2 hours and WILL CRASH AGAIN, I have repeated this over and over 5 times in a row today, I did some tweaks to Nvidia settings putting the GPU into performance priority mode and I got 3 hours play time before it crashed, and the crash frame rate was 6-10fps which was mildly less painful for finding a save location.This game is NOT DONE! I highly recommend waiting unless you want to deal with countless items being wasted when at random the game will damage your character, some times I have died just as a result of saving, the Gravestone marker does NOT come up every time so finding your death location to reclaim your items is near impossible.The only upside to this game is I love the concept, I just wish it actually worked so I could enjoy it."
76561198055635182,Recommended,275850,34272171,Posted: 16 August,all,TheDankPotato,"i nought this game hoping it would be good and live up the hype it had, but it didnt. UNLTILL this update ""atlise rises"" this update changed this game for me. i now want to keep exploring, to discorver who i am, what an explorer is, and why im here. when i bought this game i had 3 hours on it. couldnt get a refund becuase i had over 2 hours. but now i have put in 30+ hours in the past couple of days. the new storyline has me hooked. i want to explore, and build up my base.so i give this game a 7/10still waiting for coop/online multiplayerand epic space battles"
76561197999709122,Not Recommended,275850,25053413,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Vassago,"I'm just so sad that No Man's Sky is such a disappointment. I've been a gamer for two decades now, the only hype that compared was that for Black&White. At least B&W was fun, vastly less complex than Molyneux promised, but fun. NMS is just so boring.. everything looks the same, feels the same, and to make matters worse these absolutely nasty controls (on foot: I'm a spaceslug, ""Running"" doesn't help; in my craft: I can't steer my view/target with my mouse freely and I've started to not care at all!)I've played it for 31 hours, but at least there's one good thing about it, it usually makes me ecstatic to learn some math, programming or something, because my brain goes a variety of more interesting places than those ""planets"" and ""solar systems"" :S In summary: I'm uninstalling, and hope that either a year from now this game has been patched into something which deserves to be called fun, playable, game, .. or 5-10 years from now we'll have tons of space exploration games as fun as NMS promised it would be."
,Not Recommended,275850,25161783,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Maverick,This game had so much potential =(
76561198002638879,Not Recommended,275850,25702023,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,cronus140,Garbage
76561198053653296,Not Recommended,275850,25701923,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Trucker,Can I just have a refund please?
,Not Recommended,275850,26399078,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Barb_s,This game is worst then Ride to Hell:Retribution
,Not Recommended,275850,26406088,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Big Boy Kevin,This♥♥♥♥♥♥is so boring I want to die if you want to play this game just torrent it then be dissapointed at the waste of space on your hard drive
76561198044123198,Not Recommended,275850,26406620,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Devoldude,Dreaming of the day I get my money back for this game
,Not Recommended,275850,25835279,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Costa,"This game is not what was advertised, its slow, many bugs , crashes, framerate drops and steam refuses to refund. NOT RECOMENDED."
,Not Recommended,275850,25048561,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Citizenfunk,"Is it fun?YesIs it $60 worth of fun?♥♥♥♥ no.It's a good little game but it's not the ""Game to end all games"" it was hyped up to be.  The amount of Overhype and lying that went into this title is absolutely insane.  Until it gets way bigger and way more content, or the price gets way lower, I would strongly advise against getting this."
,Recommended,275850,28104133,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Zakalwe,"I've never been a hater of this game, but I totally understand that it under delivered in spectacular fashion! This update feels much more like the proper release. Playing it on hard survival mode makes things instantly more engaging. I found myself faced with a spaceship 8 minutes away and an environmental survival time of less than 3 minutes with very little cover or critical elements between me and the ship. Now THAT'S  very interesting..."
,Recommended,275850,34169106,Posted: 11 August,all,MBen7,"When this game first released, it was such a huge letdown. Over the past year, Hello Games has released updates with everything I thought was missing from initial release- Multiplayer (Though you see an orb not a character model)- Teleportation- Basebuilding- Freighters- RoversThis game is now pretty fun and worth a buy"
,Not Recommended,275850,32810065,Posted: 26 June,all,LadyChristie,Money wasted
,Not Recommended,275850,24956033,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,マシューは障害のある子供です,Made my computer blue screen when changing vsync options...
76561198064389877,Not Recommended,275850,24960031,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Stroszec,about 3 hours of fun gameplay. and then 10 more hours of lame gameplay. Pretty disappointing for a  $60 game. it would be worth it if it was like. 10 bucks. not 60.
,Not Recommended,275850,30460158,Posted: 11 March,all,Khalysto,"TL:DRUntil Hello Games drops the price to something that's more appropriate, like < $35.00, you should NOT buy this game for the following reasons:1. Devs lied about game's features multiple times leading players buying the game based on a false premise2. NPCs (not animals) are lifeless, extremely reused and not dynamic3. Ship control is idiot proof. You cannot crash, use any skill to land (is automatic), or engage in any real 6-D maneuvering in space4. No multiplayer5. Search youtube for 'center of galaxy NMS' to see the game's ending. Believe me you aren't spoiling ANYTHING - but, Spoiler Alert!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTTPlqK8AnY. This is based on fact, not rage. Though the facts do incite rage.------Devs are adding to the game, which is great. What would mean more to me is if they *lowered* the price of the game by half (at least) until it's at the level of quality THEY QUOTED IT WOULD HAVE AT LAUNCHEarly access games can get away with this because they are early access. NMS is a full launch title. It should be *done* by those standards save for new DLC coming out to ENHANCE the existing COMPLETE platform.Adding new content is great. Treating this shell of a game like it's early access while continuing to charge full launch prices is deceptive, unethical and bad business. Hello Games should be ashamed and I, for one, am boycotting their products for life.Please note that every positive review this game receives reinforces this unethical behavior from a developer. This is NOT a $60.00 game and the dev knew this. They got a slew of early purchases because they made repeated promises, were not up front about not deliverying, and (problems aren't apparent before 2hours unfortunately) they had no qualms about continuing this practice after being called out.Do we want this kind of behavior from our devs, regardless of the game's potential?"
76561197999335975,Not Recommended,275850,30450455,Posted: 11 March,all,AOD_Jones*,Still doesn't have everything in game they made everyone think it had a year ago .. They are feeding off other successful survival game ideas now to fill in there hole.. Easily should of been a 20$ game on release and in EARLY ACCESS
,Not Recommended,275850,25042144,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Cripsis,No man's sky isnt worth the 60 euro's.
76561198143065794,Not Recommended,275850,28083064,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Corrosive47,"Every Time I see game cheaper than $60, I think to myself, ""if I didn't buy No Man's Sky, I could have bought this instead"""
,Not Recommended,275850,31853358,Posted: 19 May,all,matrix6977,How is this pathetic excuse of a game still $60? Sean Murray needs to pay you $60 for even considering to buy it.
76561198018512447,Recommended,275850,34174795,Posted: 11 August,all,Mitz,"Love it, been playing for a year now off and on and waited to review as I had faith the devs would sort the initial let down that it was. We arent 100% there yet but far enough I know I can recommend this game and what it will be.It is a certain type of game, for a certain type of player. theres no bones about that and even HG describe it as `niche`.CoD is a certain type of game for a certain kind of player too. I don't own CoD."
,Recommended,275850,28088978,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,twizted1,"the update shows there is support for the game and for an indie developer there is a lot of content.I harshly judged it at first.P.S. Sean lied and im♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about it, but they're trying to make it up to us :)"
,Recommended,275850,30532093,Posted: 15 March,all,~ RL Furs ~ Quill Quote,"The recent updates vastly improve the sense of ""why bother"" that existed previously. Missions are more lucrative, grant access to great technologies/ base building amenities, and are //GENERALLY// more fun.The addition of terrestrial rovers that can be summoned onto any planet is far and away the best addition to the game in this update, as it makes exploration and resource collection vastly less tedious by making it all around faster, as well as negating the need to constantly recharge life support systems while walking around.This update does NOT fix many problems people initially had, environments are still pretty similar and creatures are the same as they always were, but it makes the game less tedious in general. If you were able to have ANY fun with it at all on release, I recommend giving it another shot, especially since it is on sale right now.It has a long way to go before its up to its promises, but these gradual updates give me hope!"
76561197960368665,Not Recommended,275850,25179976,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,drunken_t4nk,"Do I even need to leave a review? Just read the internet. The truth is, you wont realize it is a completely worthless game until after your 2 hours of trial are up. It's bad. And it's sad."
,Not Recommended,275850,25493507,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,kynezz,This game is the reason I won't preorder ever again.
76561198176654979,Not Recommended,275850,25783234,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,KarambitKettle,Steam told me to tell you to play this game.Don't.
76561198039488196,Not Recommended,275850,25279179,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Swishrock,Games such as NMS are the reason I don't preorder eventhough I made that mistake with NMS... really sucks that it was money wasted as most of the content promised is NOT in the game.   Not worth downloading unless you get it for free to get your hour or two of enjoyment.  Really disappointed.....
,Not Recommended,275850,25225849,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,D4NCL3M,What a waste of 40 quid.
76561198062569217,Not Recommended,275850,25356482,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Pvt. Potatohead,pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game 10/10 wish i could get a refund
76561197963085043,Not Recommended,275850,25203220,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Perdy Perdy,"Most of the time I spent in this game I was trying to figure out how to get going(This was after figuring out why the game lagged so badly on my machine), once I figured that out I was greated with tons of bugs, ship clipping through objects causing take off to kill me, the fact that the flying is so scripted that I cant chose to fly lower that I want to just takes away from the excitement.I cant recommend this game as while you have a lot to explore, It just doesn't seem worth the money, the bad press has also stated everything that I found annoying with this game aswell.Generally if it looks/seems/sounds too good to be true, then you are left with the massive dissapointment that most people have had with this title."
,Not Recommended,275850,25522565,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,[WG]Bigfoot721,"Why are you reading this? These reviews won't justify your curiousity, go buy a happy meal and some booze, it'll make your life feel less empty than this game is."
,Not Recommended,275850,25226831,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,ImHidingShh,10/10Would use Steam refund again.
76561198035875625,Not Recommended,275850,25226821,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,janc.tool,I Payed 60.- for it. Dont be like me.
76561198000086631,Not Recommended,275850,25212773,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Vacuum,"an absolute travesty, developer should be ashamed for releasing a game in such a state and promising features that you never come across at release."
,Not Recommended,275850,25212825,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Sernte,"I gave this game it's fair diligence, and unfortunately I have to swing over on the side that this game doesn't deliver what was even initially promised. Maybe it was far too ambitious, but the gameplay becomes atrociously repetitive after a very brief stint, to the point where I looked up what happens later on on in the game.**SPOILER***Nothing of worth really happens...the story, the driving experience of a game like this, is lack luster and the optimization is very poor, even after updates. I have a good Computer that can handle most games on the market at even medium/high 4k settings depending on how dated it is, and yet I can't get this game at 1080 to stay stable. The game doesn't deliver, and I would spend your money elsewhere."
76561198070850341,Not Recommended,275850,25206577,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Prototype6,Unless you live under a rock you know that this game is pure dissapointment. It's feel empty and liveless but not in the way space should be .
76561198024682601,Recommended,275850,34231589,Posted: 14 August,all,L0N3_W0LF™,"Thanks for supporting new free game updates and i hope to see full development for the multiplayer in the future.If there is one Indie company who can pull this off , its going to be Hello Games."
76561198052020503,Not Recommended,275850,25219642,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,CastrolOilKid,doing the same thing over and over again game gets boring real fast game is not even worth half of what i paid  feel like i was ripped off thanks for the no man lies
,Not Recommended,275850,25867068,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,illlllln3sty,"I didn't wanted to delete this game... I formatted the disk drive instead.The game was a lie, refunded."
76561198041813793,Not Recommended,275850,25863630,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,The_Monarch,"Fun for a few hours, but ultimately a regrettable purchase"
,Not Recommended,275850,24907334,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Wolfy,"Elite Dangerous ( ED ) vs No Mans Sky ( NMS )game modes;ED you have 3 ways of playing; Public, Private Group or Solo,NMS its Solo ( atm may change )Graphics;wise both looks both look good but are different styles but NMS is very colorful.Flight model;ED is very complex you have thrusters where you can turn, move up/down and side to side which is great in a dog fights, if you head towards another object you can crash and die.NMS is very dumbed down move aim and that's its but if you fly towards and objects on planets its moved the ship out of the way which for me is a pain. Ooo look a cavern over there the ship autos out of the way :(Planets;ED you go up to a planet have to press a key to enter orbit then fly round scanning for ores or going to site which are very low on planets, once found you get into your bugger and run round on it.NMS is like the old elite, you fly towards it and if you get wrong you bounce off. Once down there a numerous sites to explore with numerous resources you can harvest.Ground combat;ED not seen any so can't sayNMS I've come from an FPS background so find it too simple, the aliens are easy to kill if you leave the drones they amass still lots of them but again easy to killSpace combat;ED here is what is was designed for lots of gun and bug out when your shields are goneNMS Not much other then mining in space. Really simple still.Comparison;ED is primary about space, you go to a new area and scan the system, then planets then move on. Better mining in SpaceNMS is all about the planets again most of the mining in on the planet and in the caverns.If ED had the NMS planet system and integration is would be a winner but they are opposite ends of the space gamesI found NMS to be very repetitive, Jump to new system, head toward planet/signal while otw mine the asteroids for fuel, land explore and mine for suit and craft gear. Kills things for new tech and repeat find galactic trade station then upgrade your suit/gun/ship aka more slots for storage/tech/things that go boom.It isn't challenging for me so aimed for for the kids, I thing the biggest challenge was learning how to use the craft system and resource system in game.Now if they integrate players ( PvP ) and co-op ( PvE) mode it will get interesting like this planets been explored by ABC or even better no names on ships so no idea if NPC or Player."
,Not Recommended,275850,24915228,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,xyz4512,"Review:This game is the size of an ocean, but has the depth of a puddle. The combat system and controls at this point feel pretty awkward. I've had a few issues with my mouse and keyboard, but my xbox one controller appears to work fairly well with the game. Another big issue is there is no multiplayer(way to play with friends), though this was expected. After playing the game for 4 hours I feel like I'm on a loop just visiting re-skinned planet's. On top of all that the game has had a lot of technical issues for most players. Luckily I haven't experienced anything horrible. Just a little bit of screen tearing and random frame drops, though, I do expect the game's technical issues to be worked out over the next month.Conclusion:As of now this is just a very impressive tech demo. Hopefully the developer will add more content, though, I have low expectations of them adding anything more. At this point the game is worth $20-$30 tops. You'd be better off getting elite.Recommendations for the dev:I doubt they'll read this...1. Add more content: A building mechanic, starship customization, or a story.2. A way for player's to connect and play together.3. Optimization for PC.4. Improve the combat system for space and ground."
,Not Recommended,275850,25178245,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,JSON,"Game is not what it was hyped up to be and doesn't reflect the original promotional videos.  I stuck with it to give it a chance to see if I was just particularly unlucky with the systems I visited but the tedium seems to persist throughout the game.On top of that, bugginess and performance issues plague the game."
76561198085674008,Not Recommended,275850,25310008,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,mcclennon000,false advertisement and a wast of space
,Not Recommended,275850,25203201,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Space Cocaine,"Not what i expected, underwhelming. False advertising."
,Not Recommended,275850,25288677,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,BihtSift,"I awake on some random planet with mountains everywhere.  This game looks amazing.  I notice some jagged edges in the video and the resolution is wrong, so I go to adjust my graphics settings.Hmm, looks like I'm stuck in an in-game cinematic.  I'll wait it out.  Finally, adjusting settings.  Wait I have to restart the game.  Fine but weird.  Most games support just reinitializing the graphics context.I awake on some random planet with lush red plants everywhere.  Ok... i'm on a new planet.  Got in my ship but can't fly it, started farming stuff.Man the first hour of this game is amazing.  Really cool upgrades, lots of interesting buildings creatures and aliens I'm meeting.  Learning their language.  I wonder what faction they belong to.  Can I befriend them?Hmm... 4 hours in after grinding some materials.  Visited a few planets, and finally got around to checking out another system; still grinding materials, still upgrading.I decided that I want to fully upgrading my ship and tools so that when I really get to exploring the galaxy, I'll be prepared.Ugh... I'm 40 hours in, and I have a fully upgraded tool with lots of cool tech, 45 slot ship out of 48 max.  I'm ready.Um... everything is the same.  Each new system has very little new things to offer and the planets look different.  But why is this planet barren?  Can I find out why?  I'm finding the same materials to farm in addition to maybe a few new rare ones.  So I upgrade some more.  Lets try doing some more space battles.  It looks like those freighters need some assistance.  Wait, this is the exact same battle that I participated in like 30 hours ago.50 hours in...  Warp drive is maxed, I'm trying to get to the center.  Only 176 million something lightyears to go (each jump being like ~7 million lightyears closer).  I've heard about wormholes, but I choose the explore option and haven't seen the quest to pick back up.I was curious if it was worth my time to keep going so I read spoilers about what happens when you get to the center of the galaxy.  I decided that I wasted my life playing a game that is only ever the same content within the first 2 hours of the game.  Feel cheated, ask for a refund.This will most likely be your experience if you play this game.  If $60 sounds worth it to you, and it sounds fun, by all means check it out!"
76561198051251289,Not Recommended,275850,24989380,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,anas86,"tldr; version of the complaint from others that i agree:1) one mile wide, one inch depth: the world is enormous. you can only do few things. you are going to repeat the first 3 hours or so of your game time to infinity.2) very bad port to PC. super bad! micro stutter everywhere, even when you just load-up the game! very very poor field of view.3) developper said your aim is either to reach the center of the universe, or travel to as many planet as possible. however, what really is your aim is to have bigger inventory space. multitool is 24 slot, exosuit is 48 slot, your space ship is 48 slot. THAT IS THIS GAME IS ALL ABOUT. no other incentive to do other things.4) sean murray said you can do anything in this game. i think this guy and his team is delusional. i don't think they ever played any other sandbox game before producing such statement.such a shame that this game terribly fail. IMO, this game have a lot of potential. just that hellogames just looking to make few quick bucks from it.totally not recommending this to anyone. even when it is on sale!"
76561198202339647,Not Recommended,275850,25059808,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,LordTitus♆,"Honestly after 14 hours of game play, I can't load where I left off, not really interested to go back and play everything over so I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ hopefully the issue is resolved. Otherwise I am never touching NMS again. I have seen other people with this issue. This Indy game need to learn they can't charge $60 when they don't have a lot to offer."
,Not Recommended,275850,25213980,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,ThePainTrain,"Here is the steam support ticket i sent in when i heard they were refunding this game... every word of it is the truth... DO NOT BUY!!I sent a refund request for this game because it is absolute garbage... Not even close to worth $60.  Hello Games exploited fine print and subtlety and tried to make the game sound great and there is no story, no multiplayer... its just a big lonely empty f***ing world with only one thing to do... explore quintillions of planets forever and never do anything meaningful.  if the game were only $10, and had multiplayer, and had a damn story then maybe it would come close to almost being kind of worth buying.  just give me the refund please and remove this filthy game from my account forever please... wash my hands of this toxic garbage... i know i have 30+ hours but as i said in the refund request, i thought there would be something more if i got to the end of the atlas path thing that Hello Games had the audacity to call a story of any sort but no it was the same thing for 30+ hours... in reality i think those hours should be considered punishment for buying the most awful piece of cosmic crap that the earth has ever had the misfortune of coming into contact with... thank you for your time"
,Not Recommended,275850,26485996,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,CowMouldy,"Honestly, Hello Games should give you money to play this."
76561198013021710,Recommended,275850,34169015,Posted: 11 August,all,Assesmcfunpants,The 1.3 update makes this the game it should have been if a little indie studio wasnt pressured by a giant company to rush a game after they saw dollar signs from the fan response. Explore an infinite universe and discover its secrets.
,Not Recommended,275850,25309246,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Blotter Boy,"i hate this game, i feel completly lied to, scammed out of my money, im hoping steam will do the right thing and refund my my money via credits so i can use it in counter trike where it belongs!"
76561198246731596,Not Recommended,275850,25125773,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Ekircher5,"I was disappointed when I found out how shallow the pool of content is compared to what was advertised, but I was infuriated when I found out the refund window is so tiny. I mean TWO HOURS!? How are you supposed to figure out if you like or dislike it in that little time!? Save yourself some trouble and wait and see where updates go but for now, it's a no go. I hate to write a negative review on something I was so excited for but I will never buy a game right when it first comes out ever again."
,Not Recommended,275850,24986309,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Frzn__Juicebox,"After 4 years of hype, promises, and expectation i'm not impressed. For $20 yeah sure i could see it. but for 60 bucks? Nah i'm not happy at all. You spend time mining and scanning, for what? Buying the same upgrades and possibly upgrading/buying a/your ship once or twice for some new slots? That's all there is. I've yet to see any space battles, the creatures are molded ridiculously, the planets are the only thing that's remotely cool. Seamless transition and the mass majority of the world.Other than those two features, planets and universe, i was not impressed."
,Not Recommended,275850,25218086,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,TheJ3wishTurban,what a load of♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is i feel robbed
,Not Recommended,275850,25307013,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Rogue,fun for 5 hours then boring
76561197991205646,Not Recommended,275850,25867844,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Regmanray,"No Man's LieNo joke if i ever saw the creator in person, i would throat punch him, then take back my money.And ♥♥♥♥ YOU STEAM for continuing to sell this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game. and ♥♥♥♥ YOU for not giving me back my money"
,Not Recommended,275850,26328595,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Ambient Pixel,Best thing about this game. Mods.Worst thing about this game. Can't refund.
76561198065685598,Not Recommended,275850,25152297,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,scottyboy,Do not buy this game. Everything that was advertised is either not in the game or completely different.
,Not Recommended,275850,25484141,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,HoganD87,Playable for 6 hours until the daunting realization kicks in that you've wasted $60.
76561198096693352,Not Recommended,275850,25221052,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,[B@KD] Skillz,"the first couple hours were alright, after that i spent the rest of the time looking for the game that is shown in the trailers/interviews, the rest is just disappointment and reloading after bugs or crashesPros: the trailer looks good, has exit game option, cures my insomniaCons: the game is nothing like the trailers/what sean murray said it was and takes longer than 2hrs to figure out (bye money), bugs/ctd's, devs mia atmIF you really want this game wait for it to leave beta...i mean update, and for the love of RNGesus get it on sale"
76561198006352469,Not Recommended,275850,25221059,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Kindjal,"Looking for false advertisement and disappointment? Well look no further! No Man's Sky has nonthing that you want and will charge you full price for it!Customizable ships: Just the ones we pre-assemble for you from an algorthym.Unique life throughout the galaxy: Have this same pineapple monster on seven different planets in four star systems.Survival: LIFE SUPPORT LOW!""Story"": Just like the game, I've got nothing.0/10 Goodbye Games."
,Not Recommended,275850,25110594,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Christopher,"So much missed potential. the game is dull, very repetitive. combat interface is very poor. Bought this game because i loved Freelancer, this is not even close.couple of hours into the game and i've seen nothing like the demo video"
76561198027740409,Not Recommended,275850,25102434,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Mongul,"Worst game I have ever played. Can't believe I payed $60 for this. So many bugs, fake looking graphics. Literally the grass looks like cardboard and when you turn to the side, it disappears.Support Star Citizens people, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME."
,Not Recommended,275850,25220413,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Vengetralic,"It's like you are doing a trust fall exercise but on your way down the person who is suppose to catch you whispers ""never trust anyone"" and lets you crash into the ground."
76561197990815082,Not Recommended,275850,25254716,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,BSweet,"Not what was advertised, charged a premium price for a product thats maybe worth $20..Procedurally generated recolours of what 8 biomes and 8 different building and character types...Would be worth it maybe when modding creates a star trek or star wars overhaul, thats if modding does get shutdown."
76561198042138038,Not Recommended,275850,25110595,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,amazngspyderman,"A shell of a game.  Has some cool gameplay elements at first, but then gets pointless fast.  Not worth $60 at all."
76561198031635677,Not Recommended,275850,27854276,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Arschgesicht,Maybe it just needs more time..
76561197994581130,Not Recommended,275850,25044184,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Promo,"Not worth the price this company is asking for.The climax is when you fly out of your first planet and the feeling ends whenyou warp out of the system.Repeat and grind yourself all the way to the galactic core, with essentially the same planets.This game is for the grindy, not explorers."
,Recommended,275850,34195657,Posted: 12 August,all,TheBigBoss,such an improvement from the original release! This is the way it shouldve been from the get go. There are still some improvements that need to made but i can honestly recommend this game now. I'm having a blast playing!
,Recommended,275850,34203979,Posted: 12 August,all,r1o,"Game was bad,Now game good,Me like.It's that simple."
76561198252240784,Recommended,275850,34208499,Posted: 13 August,all,Blueee,"I know most people are salty after the launch, but I still hope people will give this game a second chance. Yes, it had a rocky start, but it's nearing the game it was supposed to be all along. And Hello Games clearly haven't given up either, even if that's the thing any sane person would've done.What's more regrettable is how much of the disappointment could've easily been avoided. In fact, it should've never been announced as early as it did, to get the polishing that it needed, without having to deal with the backlash of the delay all over again.Now for the actual game:UI: Much better after post-update, though still a bit annoying for pc players using keyboard and mouse (of which I belong) with all the pressing and holding. (Pressing 'M' to exit the galactic map is just non-sensical, especially when you could just right click out of it previously)And the visor is...a bit wobbly. Suddenly you scan fifteen different variations of the same cactus before finally scanning the Kangoroo the size of your ship. And why was space station introduced? And why does it feel the need to scan it over and over again? There's like five rooms.But for all the dirt I'm giving the scanning, a lot has improved too! The holographic design is very neat, and the fact that you can scan all sorts of things (like sentinels!) adds to the explorer role (Even after I♥♥♥♥♥♥on the space station scanning)For now the UI is a bit ambivalent, but it's heading in a good direction.(also photomode is a blessing)Controls: The controls are fine, the ship can be a bit hard to tame when it's going fast, but it's fine for the most part.I still think you should be able to jump normally without your jetpack activating but oh well.Not much has really changed from the last update or the ones before.Design (planets, animals etc.): I've personally always found the colorful aspect of No Man's Sky appealing, since I can't really chill playing a game that doesn't know any other colors apart from black and grey with metal playing in the backround (nothing against the genre btw). But the update changed a couple of things. The textures and flora for example; They are more realistic(?). Realistic is the wrong word to describe it since it is still very comic-y, but the overall feel of the game nudged more towards that direction (imo).I don't know, I can't really judge the design since it's more subjective than all the other things I'll adress, but I've (personally) come to really like the re-texture. Especially since it's now a bit more hi-res than before. (potatoes beware!).Story: I honestly haven't played through the story yet, since I haven't found 30 hours to spare, since I was busy with other things, but it's pretty interesting so far. And buggy.Seriously, from all the people talking about the bugs on Discord they've encountered while completing the story, it's best to avoid or at least be cautious with until 1.31 rolls out (sometime soon).Overall Gameplay: A lot of things have definitely been improved over the last updates, more added (base building, vehicels, missions etc.). They've given ships classes and ranks, they have system conflict levels for when you should know when pirate rips you a new one (with whom you can now try to barter with (sometimes)), freighters, farming and much, much more.The missions are perhaps my favorite (even though I do love me some freighters), you can finally go bounty hunting on pirates or be the courier you always wanted to be.But beware of the bugs, there are a lot of them (that shall not go unreported (seriously report the bugs)).After a year I can finally say that this game has marginally improved on everything. Of course this does not mean we shouldn't be cautious next time, but Hello Games have learned from their mistakes and are trying to make it up to the loyal, although small, fanbase.So buy it? Since it's on sale now, yes, probably, maybe, if any of that interests you. I still would not price this at sixty dollars but maybe at like 20-40 bucks. Not because it's an indie game, but because the game is still short of being the game that everyone hoped for, despite everything.And if you already own the game, at least give it another go. Who knows, you might like it.But this might just be the beginning, albeit late.(also cheers to anyone who made it through my ramblings)"
,Not Recommended,275850,25021713,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Kermit The Frog,"I do not recommend this game YET. The game has a great concept and looks very good with its stylized features but it feels unfinished and lacking very important assests bug fxes, protocls for certain situations and agreater variety. why are a ll planets and moons the same size, why do items like underwater rebreathers break in 15 seconds more or less, why is it you can't even buy basic materials like the buliding block elements for everything in that game like Iron or Carbon when you are on a Space Station. I have been behind Hello Games since they announced the game originally, I really hope they can pull together and make this th ebest game and one they can be proud of. In this final statement is my opinion and is not fully informed but I believe they should have hired a larger work force for this since they wanted to make it on such a large scale. Thank you if this has helped you make a decision."
,Not Recommended,275850,25465388,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Hunt103,"No no no people. Hype did not kill the game (was a contributing factor). All of the lies, missing features, and boring repetitive gameplay killed the game."
76561198173932574,Recommended,275850,34179572,Posted: 11 August,all,Ranger_G0d69,"It's getting closer to what release should have been. Get it on sale, its worth the price."
,Not Recommended,275850,25021582,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Leafie,"As a huge lover of games and as someone majoring in game design myself, it takes a lot for me to dislike a game and there aren't many games out there that I hate. But unfortunately, No Man's Sky has made the list.I am writing this review as a head's up to anyone thinking about buying this, at least for PC.I sought out this game because it looked like a beautiful and relaxing space exploration game with great visuals and some rpg aspects. What I got instead was a trainwreck of lag, stale gameplay, and headache-inducing visuals.Upon installation the game would straight up crash at the Hello Games logo. (My computer exceeds the requirements neccesary for this game and all my other games run smooth as butter so I know my computer isn't the problem.) The ONLY WAY I was able to play this game was to use a password and run it in Beta/ Experimental mode, and even then the FPS is so low the game is horribly slow and laggy. Despite this, I wanted to wait it out, since it's a new game and some buggyness is expected. So despite the crippling lag, I gathered up all the patience I could muster and continued on.It was when I hit around the 9 hour mark (no longer able to get a refund at this point) where I realised this game was a mistake. Not because of the hardware technical difficulties- (though many sources have downright stated that this game is NOT exactly PC functional yet) but because of the gameplay itself.As a game that puts so much emphasis on space exploration, travel and crafting, the elements of the game itself seem to do all that it can to make it as slow and as exhausting as possible.I have squeezed an excruciating 19 hours of gameplay out of this game and I won't give any spoilers, but this game does not currently have what it takes to be a fun exploration game. To start, your inventory is EXTREMELY limited. While there are inventory upgrades available to find and purchase, 1 slot = 10,000 units and considering how much stuff you have to find and craft and take with you- it is not nearly enough. In my playtime I have found maybe 4 or 5 inventory upgrades and it still isn't enough space for all the stuff you need.And maybe it's because beta/experimental mode has super low FPS and I was lagging the entire time, but trying to get anywhere in this game is a grueling process. Even though it's ""space"" and there's no gravity or whatever, your character moves so agonizingly slow it makes it exhausting just trying to explore or get anywhere on foot. And I still only have my starter ship so I don't know if you can buy faster models or not, but traveling by ship is just as slow. I have been slumped in my chair for 3 hours just trying to get to a destination on my map. Again, I don't know if that's due to the lag or not, but it literally makes me want to scream.So exploration game + Slow as ♥♥♥♥ character/ship = not fun, bad for gameplay.Another major complaint I have is with the visuals, which look NOTHING like they do in the trailers and screenshots advertised here. While at first I was super excited about seeing potentially HUNDREDS of different planets and ecosystems, I was severely disappointed by seeing ""cookie cutter"" planets, basically everything looks the same, just with a different combination of clashing colors on top. It's like instead of using actual artists for the game they just got a random color-generator to paint the planets and called it done. For example I got ""moldy pizza planet"" with puke orange and green splotches, and ""boring rock planet"" which is just a plain brown planet with only a few mining sources on it. I know I know, so many planets and galaxies, countless possibilities right? But even the wildlife is horrible. I squee'd at the idea of feeding the local fauna until I realised what a bad choice it was. Not only are the creatures badly pieced together by spare animal parts, they are also poorly rigged and will flop over themselves trying to run away from you. And if you do manage to track the thing down and feed it, it responds with some ear-splitting cries like it's being burned alive. There is no awe or wonder in seeing the animal life, if anything you'll laugh and feel sorry for the poor thing and want to put it out of it's misery.There's countless other things that I find trying about this game, but I feel like I've raged about that enough already. I would love to see these things fixed in some updates or patches in the future, but until that happens and I am calling this game unplayable, unrewarding, an assault on the senses and a mockery to exploration games everywhere.I am beyond frustrated and disappointed that I cannot get a refund. After *trying* to play this game for the past 19 hours and seeing little to nothing to be excited or motivated by.I don't blame the ""hype"" for the bad reviews and unhappy gamers. I blame the fact that this game has been released for PC *too early* in that it has not been properly formated for PC. I blame the bad mechanics and the lacking gameplay devoid of engaging and/or rewarding play experiences."
,Not Recommended,275850,25039191,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Gygge,"Short version:I'm angry writing this review because the game robbed me of gametime (not saving collected items when crash to desktop). I will continue playing the game when I cool down. Just need some time off.Longer salty story incoming:Been searching a planet for the last animal, out of 11, for the last 5 hours (took me about 1 hour to find the first 10).Been finding bugged fish on land spinning, birds just standing still mid-air while being animated as flying forward.Planet has storms that make animals disappear, so I mine when storms appear. Though when I lose 15-20 minutes of gameplay from a crash to desktop (no error message) it's super frustrating.If the game had a proper error handling system it would have been fine. Have me spawn at the last savepoint but let me keep my materials and items found.Framerate permanently dropping every two hours forcing me to restart was bad enough... now this, jeez.When I realized that there is no error handling at all it makes it easy for me to not recommend the game in it's current state."
76561197967249640,Recommended,275850,34310898,Posted: 17 August,all,Toasted Victim,This game brings me the same kind of relaxive play as Eurotruckers just with a space theme. I guess most people dont like it due to the hype around it at release.But this is currently my goto game when i want to relax and have a stress free bit of fun crusing around planets and exploring in normal mode.Yes real multiplayer with a friend or 4 would be awsome but as it is still a wonderful experiance.Glad i picked it up and gave it a try even tho most reviews said avoid.
76561197969216254,Not Recommended,275850,25312404,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Shonnas,wide as an ocean shallow as a puddle.AVOID!!!!
76561197994058082,Not Recommended,275850,25541702,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Citizen Snips!!,"Could not get the game to run, After finding some developer notes in one of the shader files i learnt how lacking in confidence the designers were, this game is not worth $60, i would argue that it should be free but even then it will just result in hours of frustration and boredom.Here is just one of many many examples of the developer notes:"" // putting these here would require removing them from the shader and material, and making them part of the common global// list so they can be set like the ones above... i think.""These guys have no idea what they are/were doing but they are rolling in the cash and laughing.Please for the love of god, dont support these lying f*cks. I will never buy any game made by this company again and i hope that they dont make any more.Thank god i got my refund.Sean Murray i hope you feel sick like you said in your letter to reviewers, i really hope that the guilt is eating you away.Get your refunds people!"
76561198074056187,Not Recommended,275850,25088934,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,YMFW,"Short: Don't spend $60 wait for a future sale or updates. Game is lacking in a massive way. Incredibly repetative and boring.Long:I don't recomend this game as it is. This game promised a hell of a lot more than it delivers. I played for a while and went to several galaxies and explored all of the planets and moons in each galaxy pretty heavily and when you do this you get the feeling that everything is very very similar. From all the hype it seemed like the game would be infinate with an astonishing amount of animals, plants, geology, and races. There is but there also isn't. Everything like I said seems the same. You can put a tuxedo on a goat but its still a goat. Everything just seems like a mildly edit version of something else. I myself felt there was nothing driving gameplay. I didn't feel at all compelled to explore more than I did and the ""quest line"" is incredibly boring. I genuinly have never regretted spending this much money on a game before and its almost depressing that I didn't refund it at the two hour return mark. All I can really say is that the devs had better release some updates adding BIG content because this game is a MASSIVE dissapointment."
,Recommended,275850,35163754,Posted: 23 September,all,nilieeidt,this game is awesome! i already played more than 100 hours and im still super addicted to iti wanted to play since NMS came out but with all the bad reviews i just waited and decided to buy it a few weeks agodon't believe in the bad reviews from last year because the game changed and it is continuously changing! try it yourself xD
76561198064327267,Recommended,275850,34240578,Posted: 14 August,all,Sir Daniel Fortesque,"This game actually added good♥♥♥♥♥♥in recent updates, good on ya, Hello Games"
,Not Recommended,275850,24993737,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Imako,"Repetitcious nature, false promises, and using the same E3 footage to sell potential customers on the game. No Man's Sky is NOT worth the $60 it's asking for. Come back later, and see if it gets better a year from now."
,Not Recommended,275850,24923213,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Panos |m3|,"It's pretty much an interactive screen-saver. Beautiful, of course, but I already own Elite Dangerous and it's better in pretty much every way.I played eight hours total: Two of which were confusing/underwhelming and six were spent on seeing if that changed.It didn't.Refund requested."
76561197975304337,Recommended,275850,28106881,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Andy,"This is certainly a game that received a lot of hype, hype that it didn't quite live up to but that doesn't mean it is a bad game.The internet can be a dangerous place but if you start No Man's Sky with an open mind and enjoy it for what it is then it's an extremely fun game.  However, if you read what’s out there on internet you’ll skip purchasing No Man’s Sky every time but why not stop and think for yourself for a minute?If you want a game with space exploration, planet exploration, guns, grenades, lasers and warp drives then No Man’s Sky has it.  If you’re after a game that takes your mind away from day to day life, take you into another world with an incredible atmosphere then No Man’s Sky does that.The recent foundation update has shown a glimpse of what lies ahead for No Man’s Sky.  It shows there is still a small dev team willing this game success and adding features what should have been there on release.  We may never know why the game was feature limited on release but I believe the future is bright for No Man’s Sky, very bright.If you want a game with a deep complex story, boss levels and explosions the size of a small city then No Man’s sky isn’t for you but please make that decision for yourself.Pros_____Great graphicsWow! momentsWide variety of plants, animals and mineralsBase building and researchVarious game modesBuy any ship with a wide varietyBuy a huge freighter that you can summonsChallenging momentsCons____Can start to feel a bit ‘samey’ after 20+ hoursDoesn’t (yet) include the features that were discussed during developmentStory mode is pointless and doesn’t emotionally involve you at all to keep you goingSome animals are just odd…"
,Not Recommended,275850,25276017,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,lilpool93,nope. just nope
76561198024635999,Not Recommended,275850,25259274,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,LoneWalker,"This is NOT the game promised at E3. It looks like it, but it's an empty shell in comparison. The Developers misled us all. It takes over two hours to even leave the planet, just to learn this isnt the game you were advertised, I kept hoping if maybe I player another 15-20 minutes I'd find that magic point where the content opened up. By then you figured out the game is a lie, you're over the steam 2 hour limit for refunds.Edit: If you are hellbent on trying the game, get it onGOG.com, 30day money back gaurantee. That's where I'll be getting mine now. I wouldn't have been denied my refund if I bought it there."
,Not Recommended,275850,24902213,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,RadShibeXD,"Man, paying 60€ for this really hurts.It just feels wrong, this game is made by ""Hello Games"", a company I've never ever heard of before, lying about the ingame features like the Non-Existent-Multiplayer that was announced and shortly cancelled before the games release without any kind of explanation.There's nothing but exploration and surviving in an endlessly generating universe, oh.. this is good?Yeah, I love exploring open world games, having a surprise or a new quest around every corner in the Commonwealth or exploring a little island in the caribbean finding treasures and♥♥♥♥♥♥I did not have fun exploring the planets in No Man's Sky, they feel empty and sometimes you will find poorly generated mountains looking like someone drew them with a pencil on MS Paint or some creatures looking like someone had too much fun with the Monster Editor from Spore.It seemed really interesting, and just blasting into the space from one planet to another without any loading screens feels amazing, but I am not going to pay 60€ for a Spaceship/Walking Simulator.Lower the price, add some life, that's it, until that the thumb goes down."
,Not Recommended,275850,25265076,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,MiamiNights 2.0,Hello Games. More like byebye Games.
76561198043303236,Not Recommended,275850,25250442,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,SleeveDagger,"No man's Sky represents everything wrong with the gaming industry. From downgrades to misleading trailers, exaggerated content and down right lies.  No Man's Sky is mutton dressed as lamb. Which soon becomes apparent around the 1 hour mark, when you have exhausted every gameplay option available. Then You simply continue to repeat the same tasks over and over again.No Man's Sky can be a pretty game at times, however you soon realise the ""diversity"" is quite lacking. With simple random shapes and different colours generated to give an impression of diversity rather than having unique features.  This works to some extent with the landscapes, however the animal generation looks very awkward and clumsy. A big difference in what was advertised in the trailers, which showed large detailed dinosaur like creatures roaming and interacting with the environment.It's clear No Man's Sky exaggerated what you would see, do and interact with. There are no large space battles, no dog fights on the planets,  alien life is boring and uneventful. And the overall promise of something “amazing” at the centre of the galaxy is just a complete unadulterated lie.This without doubt mislead peoples expectations of the game and has led to peoples rightful anger. To add insult to injury the game is priced as a triple A title, full price no less, only to find what is essential an indie title in alpha state.  Avoid this game, unless you are really into capturing some pretty screen shots."
,Not Recommended,275850,25629519,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,TheRomanSenate,Misleading advertisement. My game looked nothing like the trailer...
76561198079703542,Not Recommended,275850,25629143,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,alflboy1985,"This video is the best review for people who are thinking of playing it and shows how much the developer lied.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wsFhv_Kz38This game sucks if you run an AMD processor. When the game was first being advertised it listed an intel and an AMD processor in its min. spec. Now they have removed it because the AMD processor was not supported. I TRIED TO PLAY THIS GAME FOR LESS THAN 3 HOURS. THEY WILL NOT REFUND ME. I am really thinking about ending my relationship with steam. There was a patch put out that i down loaded and i was able to play the game some what, but it still crashed and the game play was horrible. The graphics are not great. There are so many other games that have amazing graphics and are free to play. My pc far surpasses the ORIGINAL min system requirments, but the PS4 version that my friend has, has better graphics. One possitive thing i wall say is that the universe is huge. That is about it. I am not a big gamer, but i was really excited about this game, i fell for all the hype. Now i know better. I am trying agian to get a refund. If i am denied again i will be ending my relationship with Steam. This was the only big game that i have played on here. I have alot of smaller games that i have played, but ihave no problem leaving those behind.Steam you suck for supporting the makers of this game and there lies about what the game could do. The fact that over 50 percent of the people who have played this game do not recommend it should be a sign to you that you messed up supporting the developler of No Mans Sky."
76561198081754305,Not Recommended,275850,24846238,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Noodles,No mans sky?More like every mans 30fps
,Not Recommended,275850,25348111,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Ding,Was fun for a few hours then it became unrewarding. I am used to playing grindy games but this was worse.
76561198057797146,Not Recommended,275850,25083632,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Prism,20 hours I have tried to look and explore for something in this game that really stands out.I have yet to find it.
,Not Recommended,275850,25204259,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,ZeKanister,No man's lie is pretty accurate.
,Not Recommended,275850,25270645,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Taraph ✞walker,Overpriced game. Rather dev has a humble beginning than a hyper presumption.
,Not Recommended,275850,25310215,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Space Doge,no man's lies
76561198055959675,Not Recommended,275850,24986331,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,pyromaniac182,"This game gets boring very quickly. People use minecraft as a comparison but I find minecraft to be a much more entertaining game. It's about quantity vs. quality. No Man's Sky is quantity. Minecraft, quality. Perhaps over time No Man's Sky will be another Minecraft but I have my doubts. It is unbelieveable how many things the developer said and showed would be in the game and turned out to not be in the game. This is just about repetition. Planets look the same over and over. Planets don't look unique. You will see plants and creatures that look about the same on different planets. I basically think of this game as another over hyped game just like Destiny. A space game (Destiny is a space game) with peoples imaginations running wild and what the audience recieved was far different than what was communicated. I take this as a learning lesson. From now on, if there is ever another hyped space game (which i'm sure there will be) I won't be excited. I notice a trend that  these don't live up to our expectations because our imaginations are greater than what developers are able to do due to money and feasability."
76561197960311621,Not Recommended,275850,25087212,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Charlie,"The game is buggy, boring, and does not live up to expectation at all."
,Not Recommended,275850,25187957,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Arkonman,well look on youtube for reviews... and jsut dont buy this game. buy elite dangerous insted..
76561198005617759,Not Recommended,275850,25119173,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,techditto,If you like survival exploration games then this is the game for you.  Completely threadbare on features it has almost none of the features it was promised to have.Would make a great purchase if this were a $15 early access game.  Not a full priced $60 release.
,Not Recommended,275850,25087168,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Falcon,"It's just meh.I wasn't really built up by hype, so I feel I'm unbiased when I say that, but I just don't have any drive to go back into the game.Its worth 1/3 of what I paid for it"
,Not Recommended,275850,25117843,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,CaBz,What a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is.Do not even think about buying it until they add more content.
,Not Recommended,275850,25234066,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Crдpybara.VG        ☯★,Its crashed every 5-10 minutes i cant be playing the game. i want a refund gaben/hello
76561197969959908,Not Recommended,275850,25013509,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,patman,"im not recomending this game based only on the fact sean murray has lied blatently to players who pre ordered the game.there is no multiplayer at all popup is awfull and there seems to be no supprises after youve explored the first planet.flying the ship is deceptive. you cant fly down manually. if you try and fly into a mountain it flys upwards automatically. great? no!! if you try and fly under something it totally spazes out ending in the destruction of your ship.if the game was £15 or £20 id say have a go but £40 is disgusting. especially when the freatures we expected from murrays interview, features we pre ordered for are not there.trading standards need to have a look at his interviews on you tube and at this incomplete game we received.aliens colonial marines rings a bell."
,Not Recommended,275850,25123309,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,OllieRancher,"Really wish I had not played it for over 2 hours, I thought maybe it would get better once I got off the first planet and explored around. Does not get better, to each their own but I hate it... My mistake, and I can not even refund it now (I still tried)."
,Not Recommended,275850,25591286,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,CeLe,10/10 would refund again.
76561198059943011,Not Recommended,275850,24991777,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,surger301,"Game Crashes randomly during gameplay, i have lost my save game twice due to crashing and i had to restart the game not worth the money they want for the game and steams return policy is garbage."
,Not Recommended,275850,25303010,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Johno,"If you've ever wondered what it feels like to be Scammed by a company who don't care. Watch the videos on what No Man's Sky was supposed to be, then buy the game and experience what a team of 10 scammers did...."
76561198192509078,Not Recommended,275850,25082355,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,edurodenas76,"Garbage...$60 for a piece of repetitve garbage...shame on you Hello Games, shame on you!"
,Not Recommended,275850,24940748,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡,"After putting extensive hours into the game to take the hit of not able to refund. I am ready to review this. So called. ""Game.""I have been following this game since the E3 reveal. Ever since then I've been way too ready to play the game because of the extensive amounts of proof this game was going to have multiplayer. But since the game is released. All you ♥♥♥♥ing do is mine and travel to other planets to do the same. No realism compared to actual space simulators I've played. Seems like 90% of systems are in nebulae which gives you headaches of childhood drawing esque brightness and saturation. No gas giants or even ring planets. This game is extremely exploitable proving that the game was rushed.Final verdict. Only reason I'm playing this is to take a break from actual good space simulations such as elite dangerous or the never going to be released star citizen. Sean Murray exploited us by pushing out a garbage space simulations game that actual people was hoping to play. But gave us this trash.Buy at extremely heavily discounted or avoid at all costs."
76561198017605464,Not Recommended,275850,25434169,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,jlynall87,this game is not a good game.
76561197978014399,Recommended,275850,34199258,Posted: 12 August,all,Keeney,Would love to see this in VR
,Recommended,275850,34208490,Posted: 13 August,all,♂AionVittu♂,"despite what happened, what people say, it's a heckin fun game"
76561198139012190,Recommended,275850,34175453,Posted: 11 August,all,JoshDeMont,"It's good now, hopefully it will continue to get even better."
76561197969402269,Recommended,275850,34192895,Posted: 12 August,all,Troma,The game started out some what bland. But with the most recent update (1.3) the game is really coming together and is much more enjoyable to play. I am happy to see Hello Games continuing to work to improve this game a year after.
,Recommended,275850,34201559,Posted: 12 August,all,Cmdr Gary Brain,Just gets better and better over time like a good whisky maturing in a charred barrel. ;)
76561198093481935,Not Recommended,275850,25015793,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Goose,"For a game i was so hyped to get, i was very dissapointed. ive got 25 solid hours on the game, but its just too repetative for me to spend more time on. if this were a $40 game, i might not be as upset about it, but its not worth $60"
,Not Recommended,275850,25045642,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Facet,"Game is honestly pretty boring. It's a cycle of ""Collect stuff to fix your ship, move to another planet, repeat."" Planets are pretty uninteresting and tend to all feel the same after a little while.Do NOT buy this game if you were like me and wanted a multiplayer experience. Even though the developer has stated in the past that you could, in fact, play with your friends, or at the very least see other players, none of that is in the game. The game is entirely single player. Full stop. There's not even the ""Journey"" style of meeting other players in the game, it's literally completely unimplemented.This game was built up to be something that is completely different from the finished product. Even if you feel like you would enjoy the kind of game that it has become, I personally feel like you shouldn't give the developers your money, as they've basically lied about the game's content and features right up until they were proven to be false."
76561198123284329,Not Recommended,275850,25169595,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Merett Eldrich,"For a good amount of time, at the start of the game, I was in absolute rapture of the sheer size and glory of this game. But soon I started noticing little things that just weren't... there. Freighters don't move, there are no battles, the damn UI isn't even as good as it was in the trailer. Other things were bigger - the texture popping was insane, and, while I never had any issues with crashing, I have gotten insane frame drops sometimes on my pretty good PC.At this point, everybody's made up their mind about this game, so I'm just going to add my name to the list of people who want nothing more than to take Sean Murray by his monstrous teeth, and hang him from the Arc de Triomphe as a testament to the lies that consumers have been told, and to say, ""now it stops."" Looking at every interview that was had with this supercilious manlet, I can see the lies pour from every blackened and veined orifice in his face. His gaunt, hanging face, like a ragdoll ambushed by glue and a shock of thin hair, spews lies like the devil himself.F*** off Sean Murray."
,Not Recommended,275850,28929618,Posted: 1 January,all,Pieman,"Bought this game thinking itd be good... I was wrong. After steam would not refund the game, decided to go to the credit card company that this was purchased off of to report a dispute. After a few weeks the bank gave me my money back however steam locked my account for 9 weeks or until the dispute was settled.Waiting to get my steam account unlocked was well worth the wait. Do not buy"
,Not Recommended,275850,25157733,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,THINK-_-GREEN,Way too expensive for the 2.4gb of content it has.Save your money buy something that you will actually have fun with.
,Not Recommended,275850,25500086,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,NightStriider,"This game was 100% not as promised. It's a exploration game yes, but nearly everything that was originally promised and showcased within this game does not exist. I'm very upset and saddened by this as I was extremely looking forward to this game. I had high hopes that we wouldn't be lied to but sadly in the end these features promised to us were just that, lies and false advertisement."
,Not Recommended,275850,24912736,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,afdsdgdgf,Not worth $60
76561198020090558,Not Recommended,275850,24963109,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,triple88a,More like 18.4 quintillion procedurally generated lies.
76561197979138377,Recommended,275850,30600576,Posted: 18 March,all,Eliyah LeBaiton,"Somehow I have managed to clock more than 600 hours into this game. Does this make me biased?You would tend say it does, but instead I'd like to think it made me more critical of what the game is, and isn't.For an exploration game, I'd say it is without a doubt the biggest game I have ever played regarding playing field. It's full of planets and moons which you can explore to your hearts' content, but space is depressingly empty. Once you've seen one asteroid field, you've seen them all.The adding of freighters in the Foundation patch livened it up a bit, but the game could definitely use some more anomalies, rogue star bases, system wars and space battles.Planets and moons are awesome. Graphics wise this game can be mind stunningly beautiful. And if you're like me, someone who could just wander around enjoying sights and views, you're in for a great time.However, play long enough and you'll start to see the same trees, rocks, and even similar creatures, wherever you go. Play a while longer and you'll start wishing they'd add more parts, and be more giving regarding size limitations, and density.Underground planet exploration is disappointing, you can explore caves upon caves, which are richly generated by the game, but you won't find anything worthwhile in them.Storylines, quests, npc interactions, are nice, but at one point the storyline becomes a somewhat semi-tedious journey, the quests run dry, and the npc interactions are recycled. There are no repeating quests or jobs with rewards worth spending time on.The Path Finder patch added one repeating quest which will yield you some credits, but when you're at the point where you can do it you could just shoot a few creatures, create some products, and end up with a bigger monetary reward.So why you might ask have I given this game a thumbs up, and why did I spend so much time playing it?Everything is procedural, and I love it. It's a game where you can go and do anything you'd like to do when you want do do it, as long as it's within the game's limitations of course.I am unsure what to expect from Sean Murray and his team in the future. I do not regret buying this game for the full price, but I did need a long break before the first patch as I was just burned out on the lack of depth and content.Recent patches made things better, and if they keep this up, I'll definitely keep playing."
,Not Recommended,275850,25717075,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Zerofighter864,"Fun for about an hour but then its dead. sean lied to all of us. Do not buy, just torrent (PLEASE) do not waste your money."
76561198073805461,Not Recommended,275850,25178230,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Valdemar888,==========================================================================================================SCAM ALERT!!!==========================================================================================================DO NOT BY THIS GAME IT IS SCAM!!!
,Not Recommended,275850,25414911,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,CAPTAIN PLATYPUS,This game does not have even half of what was advertised and the fact that steam now says the standard refund policy applies should tell you all you need. DON'T BUY THIS GAME!
76561198062236203,Not Recommended,275850,25009057,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Momo,"Just gonna cut to the chaseNo man's sky - It's fun for like 4 hours i guess?basically 3d starbound, except it's sold at the price of a AAA gameEdit: Steam is doing us all a favour and is allowing everyone that owns no man's sky to refund the game"
,Not Recommended,275850,25085733,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Lahm of Fÿrdlund,Only tears and pain can be gained from playing this.
,Not Recommended,275850,24848750,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,TheBlueprint,Nope.
76561198089185697,Not Recommended,275850,25722436,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,aegaeg27,"lies, broken dreams. its all there"
76561198123223516,Not Recommended,275850,24992805,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Suicide is Painless,"This game is more boring than it's other predecessors. Games similar to this in content. Would be GRAV, Elite Dangerous Horizon, and Emerson Galactic Survival.This game really feels like an Alpha, it's the definition on insanity. ""Doing the same thing, over, and over, and over again."" NO LIKE SERIOUSLY! It ""says"" it takes you to the center of the universe. When in fact when you reach it. It brings you to the edge of another galaxy.""Last time I checked the RIM of another galaxy was not the epicenter of the one I'm exploring"".This game is worth at least $15, not $60. Don't buy it for $60. I really hope they update the game to our liking, because it's too bland, and NO ONE is going to buy this 'piece o♥♥♥♥♥♥'"
,Not Recommended,275850,25189218,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,オニックス,No no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no
,Not Recommended,275850,25304628,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Joel,Not recommended.
76561198020558518,Not Recommended,275850,25218108,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,{S8G}nicetie,"Completely unplayable, I was hoping they would fix all of the problems but it's just getting worse. I want my money back."
76561198048452616,Not Recommended,275850,25096750,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Bad_Karma_Overdose,"This game is such a waste of time. All that lost potential - greed does its job. Whatever you do, wait at least when it's 5 dollars/euros...or you know, go outside and never buy this game.-18gazillion planets/ 10Still crying for 60 bucks."
76561197998392021,Not Recommended,275850,25090284,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Your Brain on Drugs,"never bothered with a review before but this game sucks so much i felt i had to... this game is worth £20 at best, not £40, you get virtually the same experience on every planet, you dont even need to leave the first planet to max out your ship, suit and weaponas wide as an ocean, deep as a puddle - Angry Joe"
76561198027072022,Not Recommended,275850,25090253,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Bungle,"Have a look at the screen shots on this page and enjoy them because you won't find any of that content in the actual game.Yes, I played this game for over 4 hours so I technically can't get a refund. But the only reason I kept playing is because I though at some point the game would stop being a boring grind and I would actually get to experience all the cool stuff that was promissed before this steaming pile of crap was released. Do not buy this game and certainly not at that price."
,Not Recommended,275850,26399817,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,twitch.tv/gameswithsolomon,Worst game ever
76561197977038768,Not Recommended,275850,25599683,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Sparky,Even a disappointment is better then that
,Not Recommended,275850,24916544,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Pineapple_Guardian,"THIS REVIEW WAS MADE FOR ALPHA VERSION (few hours after release)!!!Review:Everything bad: bugs, glitches, optimization, graphic as♥♥♥♥♥♥with soap, all gameplay is - collect resorces to recharge your suit, so you can walk farther and collect more resources ...Screw dat♥♥♥♥♥♥UPD 5/17/17: I downloaded it from torrent to test (really wanted to buy this game if they fixed all this release-day crap) .. they don't, still not balanced, glitchy, soapy game, still catching old bugs. :("
76561198022367382,Not Recommended,275850,25045691,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,[SeC8}T33bone,"Currently a broken mismatch of different colored models, unrealistic landscapes, uninspired creativity, bull#$% . The AI interaction is liner and repeatitive (the dialog is horriable). Some of same models for flora on every planet i have visited (zinc,platinum,thorium)... so sad too, for all the hype. This will top the worst mega belly flops in recent memeory. just disappointed..."
76561198015764652,Not Recommended,275850,25053487,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Ben,"Exciting First Hour.Repetitive after that. Nothing feels fascinating, everything feels repeated, and thats just in a dozen planets or so.Its like a kiddy version of Rosetta Stone."
,Not Recommended,275850,24941711,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Billa,Played 13 hours so far without any technical issues of any kind.Now the game simply refuses to run. I double click the game in my library and nothing happens.Until the game gets patched into a stable state I cannot recommend this purchase.Update: OK the patches fixed my issue. That does not change the fact that this game is plagued by all of the lies and false promises of missing features. The videos and screenshots on the Steam store page even show things that ARE NOT IN THE GAME!
76561198281723049,Not Recommended,275850,25218142,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Ark,worst game worth 39.99
76561198054546392,Not Recommended,275850,25055553,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Gunner7516,Well I bought this game and it was awesome for like the first hour and then me and my buddy met up I could see his ship and that was it his actions were not the same as mine there is no in game chat no voice communications if this game was like 20$ yeah all good but DONT buy it for 60$ you will be paying for an hour of fun
76561198047524495,Recommended,275850,34171403,Posted: 11 August,all,bmeyer1997,I have waited patiently. and have been rewarded multiple times with this game. it might not be the  game the sean imagined. but its getting really really close with each new patch. dont just blindly follow hate and actually play the game and reveiw it like it is. please to all new players just relax and play the game like its ment to be c:
76561197973526592,Not Recommended,275850,24934263,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,hella goldlinks,Not worth $60.
76561198004577398,Not Recommended,275850,25065561,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Phantom,"Yes and no, ultimately noRunning ani7 4790k32 gigs ramssd installSLI 980 Ti Nvidia Geforce Strix 6 gig 3d cardSand the game performs like well... it performs badlyThe gameplay is repeatitive / non-existant.  It is basically No Man's Sky the search for bigger inventory... Why... Well cause that is about all you can really do.Haven't had a lot of crashes, did not get 'pre-hyped' for this game so I didn't know what to expect (purcahsed it a week before it released)Looking at stuff after I've played vs what was demo'ed and promised 90% of the content was cut...But still, that isn't why I'm saying no...I'm saying no because its just not worth what it charges...Go get Rebel Galaxy (good), Star Citizen(not really out yet, but looks so promising), or Elite Dangerous (I haven't really got into that one)"
76561198040806236,Not Recommended,275850,33835493,Posted: 27 July,all,mazda4952,I held on to this game thinking that the developers might actually fix it.  Somehow the game has actually gotten more buggy since release.  Now I cant return it and have gotten no more than 5 hours of interesting gameplay.  This game has a complete lack of depth and is not worth 60 dollars.
,Recommended,275850,28114661,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Veridis Quo,"Great comeback by Hello Games with the Foundation Update 1.1. At first was kind of disappointed during the initial release but after the update, they really changed a lot of stuff.My recommendation : watch some gameplay footage, check the discussions on Reddit, and only then decide whether or not is your type of game."
,Not Recommended,275850,30095725,Posted: 22 February,all,melpac,"Repetitive and lonely. Just play Elite Dangerous, or even Empyrion."
,Recommended,275850,30427808,Posted: 10 March,all,ABAKES7,"Full disclosure, I bought this game when it came out. Hell, I technically bought this game before it came out. Back then, it didn't have a whole lot going for it save some good space atmosphere. There was a lot of stirring controversy over whether or not Sean Murray and the folks at Hello Games had tried to deliver but failed or just lied to our faces to make a quick buck.Now, however, it's become abundantly clear how Hello Games feels about NMS and its players. With the Foundation and now the Pathfinder updates, with more updates to come, the game personally now feels worth the money I paid back then. This game may not still be for everybody, far from it, but Murray and HG are truly putting the care and love into the game that it deserves, and I am looking forward to see what's in store for the future."
76561198080036419,Not Recommended,275850,24925609,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Ukrainian376,not worth $60
76561198009660105,Not Recommended,275850,24976673,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,PatchesV84,not worth the moneywould be okay at £10feels boring after 3hrslots of stuff missingsteam should be giving out refunds as this game was falsely advertiseddo not buy
76561198261808995,Not Recommended,275850,24898993,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,MIYUKI,"AUG 26 2016No Man's Sky was sold on lies and deception. Pre-release information was censored by Sony to prevent leaks about the game. Now that the cat's out of the bag, we have various avenues we can take to point out these deceptive practices.Report Hello Games to Consumer Watch, they distribute your claim to multiple organizations to protect consumers from fraud.https://ssl.datamotion.com/form.aspx?co=3438&frm=citacomplainform&to=flare.fromformsThe above link is the direct link to the appropriate form for reporting Trade Fraud. If you would like to view the parent site yourself, you can do so here:https://www.citizensadvice.org.uk/consumer/get-more-help/if-you-need-more-help-about-a-consumer-issue/There are a few peices of information you will need to file a complaint properly.- brief details of your problem, eg when you paid for the item or the service, how much you paid, how you paid for it, whether you did so in a shop or online- the seller or trader’s name and address**the following corporate details are publicly available data**Trader: Hello Games Ltd. Sean Murray, Managing Director.Address: 79 Walnut Tree Close Guildford, ENG GU1 4UH, United Kingdomwebsite:http://www.hellogames.org/email: hello@hellogames.co.uk- what you’ve done so far to try to solve the issue- Supporing evidence, such as the reddit compiled missing features list here:https://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/4y1h9i/wheres_the_no_mans_sky_we_were_sold_on_a_big_list/Most of the complaint form is optional to fill in, as indicated by the asterisk.Steam not giving you a refund?Report steam to Federal Trade Commission in the US as promoting false and misleading advertising.https://www.ftc.gov/faq/consumer-protection/submit-consumer-complaint-ftcAUG 19 2016 Patch v1.0370 Hour ReviewAt around the 30ish hour mark you will find you have collected most, if not all of the tech upgrades. Shortly after this your suit, tool and ship will likely be maxxed out in terms of functionality and power. After this point, having more inventory upgrades or a bigger ship is somewhat pointless due to the fact you do not need to gather resources aside from maintaining charge on your gear and jump fuel to reach the center. The fact that after 30ish hours you will have seen most, if not all of the content available means that the subsequent time spent is simply a grind to jump to the center of the universe, which at maximum jump range will likely take 600 to 700 jumps. Assuming you stock up on materials to craft jump fuel periodically along the way this is a monumental and completely unnecessary grind. Top this off with the game as it is calculating your jump range max at around 1650 LY, but due to launch changes increasing the universe size 10x, your linear jump distance to the core only shows 10% of that jump range distance gained when you actually jump. Since I did not realize these things during my first review I must change my recommendation to DEFINITELY NOT recommended, unless you like simply exploring planets repetitively with no new content, no real purpose or goal. I may come back to review again after the development team adds the excessive amount of content they showed in previews for the game prior to release but cut out of the game without informing the players before launch.AUG 14 2016 Patch v1.0315 Hour ReviewSpace and planetary exploration that doesnt force the player to feel rushed or constrained. This game as it is now is more suited to adult players - in the sense that it doesnt hold your hand or have you riding on rails like other games built for children often do. A decently enjoyable semi casual experience despite the rocky launch. I suspect future patches will take this game to new and exciting places! Looking forward to playing again. This review will be appended with additional reviews in the future.NOV 24 2016Nominated this game as Worst bomb of 2016 award."
,Recommended,275850,27869561,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,kingjay,Despite all the hate I still love this relaxing game. With the latest update it became interesting to start playing again and I can't wait until the next updates.
76561197976278830,Not Recommended,275850,25101476,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Nightside,Needs alot of work
76561198115323368,Not Recommended,275850,25000882,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Pinto ピエロ,"I recently purchased this game and it runs very well on my PC. I played for a little, and the visuals were astounding. The way the game presents itself is gorgeous and it was one of the few good things about this game. This game was very annoying to play, as it was the same thing over and over. Recharge your ship, find a new planet, scan some stuff, recharge your ship, leave and find a new planet. I agree with most when i say, it is not worth $60. Far from it. The content lacks any diversity in gameplay and always ends up dull. I wish this game had more to do. I am very disappointed as i was looking forward to this game."
76561198105861170,Not Recommended,275850,25362506,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Nad,they should rename the game to No man's lie
,Not Recommended,275850,25082993,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Thisnamedoesntfi | cs.deals,"For having 18 hours of gameplay straight, This game is complete s h i t, for $60 game I expect everything to be good, this is just as bad as COD Ghost, and that means something."
76561197992080778,Not Recommended,275850,28081143,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Gun,"Hi everyone!Let me tell... nah, let me WARN you about this unplayable lines of code, which dares to be called a video game. I’m going to start with my feelings about this piece of trash, because I can’t stand the fact, what is happening right now. I paid full price on release, and after one week I demanded refund over a 300 times, yet every single request was rejected. Now, after nearly three months they relesed patch v1.1 and made -40% discount and act like nothing has happend? It’s like slaping your original customers in the face with an old, dirty rag. The people who trusted them, who gave them a credit. It is a f#*!@&g insult. Sorry, but I can’t find more accurate words, that could describe this sick situation arround NMS. And it looks like I have to deal with it. No problem I can handle it, but for the people who haven’t bought it yet, please DO NOT buy this game, remove it from your wishlist, now! Don’t make the mistake, that I already made. Honestly, this is the biggest scum ever made to many by other human beings.Back to “quality” of this product. High hopes, even higher disappointment. It is boring as hell, cause everything looks the same and you do the same stuff over and over for the entire game. Land on a planet, walk on deserted land, see some goofy RNG’d monsters (run if they’re hostile, because combat sucks balls and you can’t fight them), mine some minerals, but only a few, because you don’t have enough space in your inventory. From time to time discover some meaningless and boring story about first civilization, gain information about centre of the galaxy, back to ship, go to space (at any cost avoid pirate’s ships, you can’t fight them cause of broken combat). Loop and repeat. That it. Over. And when you finally reach the centre of the galaxy – spoiler alert! There’s literally nothing. You start at the beginning, but in the other randonly renerated galaxy. Enjoy your next “exciting, fantastic and brand new” journy... that is pretty much the same as before. Of coures you can customize your spaceship and laser gun and upgrade some inventory slots, but it’s very poorly done and doesn’t make any significant change to the gameplay.The graphisc looks terrible. Low res textures, no AA, forget about some extra features like: ambient oclusion, particle lightning, volumetric fog or good quality water (or any other liquid). The physics engine is big fat joke and it’s not even funny. Collision detection? Almost non-existing, at best medicore. Seems like guys from Hello Games have never heard of those features. Sad thing about it is that you can discover 99.9% of the game is the first 2-3h. You have to play much, much longer to reach centre of the galaxy and see the brightest spot in the universe.I could write some positive thing about audio, as ambient music is relaxing and nice, but it really doesn’t matter. Just play the soundtrack on YT and go play some Dangerous Elite or X Rebirth (really is masterpiece in comparision to NMS). Other sound effects are… they just exist, nothing special, and to think of it I’m surprissed they didn’t forget about it. Oh, wait! Voice acting. Do you like voice acting? Bad news, there’s NONE.I will not write about the main story, simply because they never promised one. Game should be focused mainly on exploration, but there’s one main goal: reach the centre of the galaxy.That’s it and my final verdict for No Man’s Sky aka One Man’s Lie is:2/10And it’s only because it runs.My thoughts about update 1.1 and future updates?Quoting some wiseman: “Show me this new update 1.1 trailer so I could see, what you lied about NMS this time”BTWI wonder if you noiticed this generic question from steam: Do you recommend this game?And I laugh to myself every time, when I see it under NMS. It sounds like very good joke (except this time, joke’s on me). And of course Steam, No, I DO NOT recommend this pile of garbage. Not EVEN in a million years.Thanks for reading.Cheers everyone!"
76561198018040592,Not Recommended,275850,25227772,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,MagicalBindi,Not as advertised
76561198068962651,Recommended,275850,34208779,Posted: 13 August,all,Dungeon Rogue,"Wow much better than I expected, giving the fact the hate this game received since day one.I will keep playing and form my own opinion over time and with more game updates etc.But yes, a recommend from me."
,Not Recommended,275850,24849645,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,TehFocus,"Oh my.. where to start.So  I am one of those people that preordered this game, hoping that it would just be the thing they were looking for. Since I like Space and Exploration Games a lot, I thought I would have fun with this. My hopes for this game were very low though but I expected this game to at least work.And that's where the horrific story begins: It does not work at all on PC. After the first ten minutes, I knew this was a badly done console port and nothing more. Here is a list of bad things I expierenced:-Textures and objects just being spawned in front of you out of nowhere-Very low level of detail overall. That contains textures and viewdistance-2D-ish Skyboxes for planets. Planets only begin ""materializing"" once you come close to them-Not being able to steer your ship like a real plane or spaceship. It feels more like a scripted path where you can steer and shot a little.-Microstutters over and over and over and over again.-No proper Joytick or Mouse support. I could not rebind Melee to my thumbmousebutton for instance and my joystick could not even be used to fly the spaceship.-The entire UI control is obviously a direct console port and simple feels weird on PC. This contains having to hold your LMB to click on something. Every UI element is weirdly controlled over hotkeys or things to press for a while. This system just does not fit on a PC with Keyboard and Mouse controls.-Minearls repeat themselves even on diffrent planets. You will always find the same crystal-ish things that are Plutonium, Aluminium and so on.-At least bird creatures just spawn in out of nowhere, much like objects and textures.Now some things that are actually great about this game, we have to stay fair, right?-Planets truly look amazing and have some very awesome landscaping.-Animals, at least from what I have seen, look reasonable but still diverse. They are no aweful monsters but actually look like animals.-Ambient events such as space ships flying by are very well made and give the game a more lively feel.-The Upgrade System in the UI is very clever. Each part of your Suit, Multitool and Spaceship is easily distinguishable and it shows what parts you need to upgrade or rearm that certain thing.-Planets are humongous.-Very colorful artstyle.Keep your fingers off this! I really hope Hello Games will refine this game A LOT so it becomes a good PC Game but at this moment it is just a giant piece of console port crap."
76561198061418223,Not Recommended,275850,34361594,Posted: 19 August,all,Space Husky,"The game, although quite fun, doesn't really have anything remotely new in it or innovative. Planets are pretty much catagorised into types (icy, hot, toxic, etc) and although each planet type looks different, within that type all planets look exactly the same visually.VISUALS: They're okay. I wouldn't say the game's beautiful as, compared to other games with a similar art style (RIME for example) No Man's Sky is quite poor, especially it's draw distance which is very low making it impossible to spot resources from your ship.GAMEPLAY: The gameplay is pretty bog standard. You fly from planet to planet, station to station and search planets for resources, but apart from that, it's pretty much the same thing over and over again with very little difference. Exploring planets isn't really any fun since there's no real reason to explore. You'll see everything you'll need to within 100 metres of where you landed. Everything else is more or less the same. You get things like Monoliths, drop pods and resource bases but they too are the same as always. Monoliths will help give you word translations, drop pods will allow you to upgrade your Exosuit and Resource Camps/Bases pretty much give you a few resources and perhaps some knowledge on where to find more of those 3 things. That's it on every planet. As for controls, I recommend a controller. A mouse and keyboard are not ideal, especially for flying which is awful with a mouse. It's slow and sometimes unresponsive. It's also not much fun either.SHIPS: They seem really pointless. I like how there's a wide variety visually, but in terms of performance, they're pretty bland. They do have different stats in damage, shield capacity, hyperjump range and storage, but the leap from less to more is very small. To aquire a ship with significantly higher stats than your current ship will take you a long time to get. For me, I don't have time nor do I really want to put in the hours to do so since they wouldn't be enjoyed.STORY: The only thing that's really keeping me in the game. It's got mystery and doesn't do a bad job at keeping you interested, however it does milk it at times. Unfortunately, it plays out like a game of Dungeons & Dragons. You don't really see any event or animation going on, it will just tell you what's happening. This is a huge let down concidering you mainly find your self traveling to a Monolith or station only to given some text to read telling what's going on. During this text, nothing is actually happening visually which makes the game feel like it's a test run for the developers as they work on animated events or some form of visual story telling. This, in my opinion, really spoils a story in a game. I play games to PLAY through their story, not travel from point A to point B only to READ about what's going on.BASE BUILDING:Only just started with this really. It is very flexible and has a nice variety of options. The bad news is, a lot of the components require hard to find resources and finding them is a massive bore. I'd prefer it if the worlds weren't so repetetive and were actually interesting to explore, but they aren't making resource gathering that much more laborious.Overall, it's really not that impressive and I feel glad that my prediction on it was correct. Even after all the updates, especially with me being a NEW player and not one who's had it day one, this is an incredibly empty game that is in no way near £40. Thankfully I got it since it was on sale for £15 which I'm happy to part with, but £40? No chance. Go and grab Prey, Fallout 4, Doom, Battlegrounds or something else for that or less. You'll get more from them, trust me. Go for something that lets you actually play through the story and not read it. I'd buy a book otherwise. It does feel like a game made by a company who only does mobile games. THe jump from mobile to this is impressive, but not AAA price tag impressive.EDIT (31/08/2017): I said the story kept me in the game, I'l revoke that. I haven't touched the game since I posted this review. Went back on it just now but instantly came off due to bordem."
,Not Recommended,275850,24941759,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Yung Regi,"This is a full review of No Mans Sky, note that I have never really liked the game nor wanted to play it in the first place, however as a Space Sim lover I had to try this game out, just to see what this ridiculous hype is about.No Mans Sky is a Space survival simulation game where the player has free reign on what he or she chooses along their path of exploration. You travel amongst the stars to find new species, treasures, friends, enemies and resources, all to make a name for yourself in the universe.You have access to a vast amount of different ships that are designed to do different thigns, along with a multi-tool and a of course the atlas that guides you through your journey.Hello Games are an INDIE game company that have decided to sell the game at a whopping $60 USD. That is in the territory of some really heavy duty AAA games, and very rarely do people accept this kind of offer, but fortunatnly for Hello Games the sheer amount of hype from the fans gave this game a huge boost, and almost a willingness to spend whatever it takes to get their hands on this game. A large number of people are out-raged by the price, and refuse to purchase it until it is around the $30-40 USD range, which is fair enough as from what we have seen from the game doesnt offer enough content to warrant it's heavy price tag, especially whenyou have other space sim games like Elite Dangerous have a nice price tag of $30 USD, and offers a larger amount of content to be seen.After about 11 hours of pure boredom, this is what I was able to see from the game.1) Space Exploration2) Planet Surface Exploration3) Discovery of new species / planets4) Atlas story5) ""Journey to the core"" story6) Free Play7) Small amounts of trading / combat.And that wraps up about 95% of the content that is in this game. No multiplayer of any kind, no joinable factions, no joinable guilds, no player-made housing, no player made ships and no character customisation.After watching multiple streams, videos, reviews and online sources, everything points to the exact same thing, over and over again, No Mans Sky has barely any content, as to everyone experiences the exact same thign, over and over and over again. Mining to keep your ship alive, mining to make yourself rich, mining to keep yourself alive - walking around aimlessly to learn a language that you wont complete because the task gets too boring, walking around aimlessly to find different species that have no impact on your experience in the game what so ever, walking around aimlessly to find out-posts and other areas to help your walk even further to find even more pointless and boring outposts. You can see where I'm going with this. The game takes you around in a loopty loop, constantly bugging you about ""the atlas wants you"" on the bottom right corner of yoru screen, when the only thing you want to do actually do is compelte the worlds exploration and learn the language - but when you do finally do that, the game doesnt reward you in the sense because you are DESTINED TO LEAVE THAT SYSTEM ANYWAY. What is the point of learning and discovering everything, when you are most likely never going to see it again?The expected overall hours you can get from this game will be roughly from 10-40 hours if you are a CASUAL gamer. If you are a bit more serious and LOVE the game, I believe you wont get any more than 70-90 hours of the game, as to it's content is so lack-luster even it's fan-base will surely start yawning.*Can I quickly remind everyone that a normal career in Elite Dangerous averages from 200 - 600 hours, and star citizen is predicted to double that, if not triple it.*PROs VS CONsPros:Amazing scenery, when the game decides to actually load it in.Beautiful sound-track.Incredible procedurally generated engine (even when most places look the same)Good controls FOR THE PS4 & XBOX ONE CONTROLLERS for PC.Cons:Lack of contentAAA price for a unfinished and unpolished gameNO HOTAS SUPPORT (Hands on Throttle & Stick)Bugs, bugs and more BUGS! (that will never get ptached)Game breaking glitches that allow you to achieve end-game content off the batNo 'system search' to allow back-tracking to other planets / systemsNo in depth storylineNo character custimisationNO MULTIPLAYERNo draw in to keep you playing (I cenrtainly didn't find one)And a few more, but I want to keep this short.Comparing No Mans Sky to Elite Dangerous / Star Citizen is honestly like trying compare a 5th grader to a 12th grader. No Mans Sky has limited amount of content, where as Elite Dangerous / Star Citizen is a ""blaze your own trail, and let nothign stop you"" kind of deal. Where as Elite / SC focuses heavily on Combat AND Exploration, they also take trading and discovery very seriously aswell. So not only do you get the BASE of no mans sky in Elite Dangerous / Star Citizen off the bat, you also get an actual combat system that is fun and thrilling, along with a large amount of end-game content to try and achieve, which takes easily over 400+ hours to achieve. AND IT ALSO HAS MULTIPLAYER, along with player owned systems and player managed factions along with large scale War Factions runned by both players AND Ai.No mans Sky price tag: $60 USDElite Dangerous base game: $30Elite Dangerous Horizons (season 2): $30Elite Dangerous: Commander Delux Edition (Base game + Horizons): $60Star Citizen Lowest price ship: $45 (gives full access to the game when it is released, full access to the Alpha + Beta and early access)TLDROverall, this review is pretty one sided for me, as a veteran of Elite Dangerous and a lover of space sims, No Mans Sky fails to deliver. It's lack of content and lack of interest when it comes to exploration is a real downer. It feels like I'm doing a chore that I don't need to do, and I don't get any pocket money for doing it what so ever. It's price-tag is insane, and it's shadey developers that arent answering basic questions have essentially ruined what could of been an amazing game.Overall score: 4/10NOT RECOMMENDED"
,Not Recommended,275850,24906692,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Anarcy,13 hrs in game crashes currupts all save games worst $80(aud) spent
76561198032386242,Not Recommended,275850,24953614,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,decision *,"Was a great game in the begining, but after 4 hours you have seen everything. The planets arent really diverse and the stations on the planets are copied and pasted. The whole idea with the inventory and crafting is a mess, you have limited inventory and ship slots. If you craft an upgrade for your suit it takes a inventory slot, but you can get more suit inventory slots through drop pod (which look all the same again). The thing these is that they cost 10.000 Units more per upgrade, so you get your first new slot for free, the next for 10.000, then 20.000 and so on. The ship slots are even worse, you only get more slots through a new ship, since the upgrades you built for your ship are not movable you loose them when you buy or find a new one. Which leads me on to crafting, cause crafting is all about grinding. Everything you use needs ressources, so your exo-suit needs ressources and your mining laser and so on. So you land on a planet and head out to mine the ressources you need for your ship, suit and mining laser. If you want to upgrade something you have to grind even more, cause the high-level upgrades need a lot of ressources and most of them arent on your planet, so you fly arounf in the galaxy just to grind some more. Thats basicly all you do in this game."
,Not Recommended,275850,24945939,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,[DR] Mtrickz,"i dont think i have been more burned by a game. 60$ for a walking, flying, trading simulator."
76561198004412588,Not Recommended,275850,24947900,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Nate Dawg,"So after 7 hours, I like the game. I really do. So i'll basically go over the good and then the bad. Not gonna go into detail since i feel everyone has already done that for me. If you do buy it, just keep in mind what you are getting.Good:Vast universe (lol)Crafting system is okayLore is really intrestingThe art style of the game is interestingSome awesome sights to be seenAddicting gameBad:Cost $60The next solar system is the same as the lastInterface sucks for pc but i bet its great on ps4Performance issuesCombat sucksI really do think its a good game but my biggest problem with it is the fact that these developers think its ok to charge $60 for a game that has little substance to it besides lots of planets. $40 would be more realistic. I feel like the people complaining about performance issues havent taken any steps to fix it as from the beginning i was getting an acceptable frame rate. It only got better as i did a few tweeks like install the nvidia open gl drivers and turn gsync off. I have an i7-2600k, gtx 770, and 8 gbs of ram so not the most powerful pc out there but for sure mid range. After doing those fixes, the frame rate was so much better. The worst bug I've ran is after a few hours of playing, the frame rate will slow to a crawl. Only way to fix is to restart game.TL:DRGreat game, not worth $60. Wait for steam sale or future patches"
,Recommended,275850,34170247,Posted: 11 August,all,Charlie,"I get why people complain, but I really like this game, and Hello Games is constantly improving it."
76561198034321944,Not Recommended,275850,25041215,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,marchens1,"repetitive, do not buy!"
,Not Recommended,275850,24848764,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Ç | Baast,The worst is NO CROUCH.- Forever loading scene-Crashes-Poor optimized-Crashes with no save-Crashes took my 1 hour of mining-Stupid setting-Looks like a pre-alpha game-My freaking mining beam can destroy gold but not dirt.-Fps dropping-Camera is♥♥♥♥♥♥-There is no auto-save with the god **** crashes.
,Not Recommended,275850,24851571,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,RN_Max,"No Man's PC-------------Short version?  Come back when PC support has been added.- No joystick support- Inadequate keyboard control assignment, with unlisted hard coded keys in the background- No mouse button 4 or 5 mapping- No alt-tab support, game throws up an error dialogue box when attempting to re-enterI have no doubt there are more missing PC basics waiting to be discovered, but I've got a library full of games far more worth playing than a mystery round of 'guess what will and won't work'.  I also have no doubt that NMS has potential to be a great game, when it is developed beyond being a poorly implemented console port.I bought No Man's Sky at AAA release price to explore the universe, not the settings screen and the internet for clues.  There are those that will persevere and others that will defend the game to the death because they cannot be wrong.  Ameteur mods are better implemented on beta release ... and they are free.  In it's current form and at it's current price I cannot and will not recommend NMS on PC.UPDATE:--------------Persevering for one more session, with the controls fudged as accceptably as possible, I finally moved out of the crash site.  I was then greeted by intermittent and brief, but irritating game stuttering, possibly frame rate drops and split second freezing.  This was not bad enough to stop game play, but was sufficiently intrusive and inexplicably random enough to spoil the experience.My refund request has been submitted, the first rejection from a picky old man's 150 game library and there are one or two turkeys in there I can tell you.  That in itself is not exactly a shining endorsement.If and that's a big IF, No Man's Sky develops a reasonable suite of basic PC features, receives some much needed optimisation and it dawns on Hello Games that formulae alone (sorry, algorithms ... nah, fancier terminology still doesn't help) don't make compelling content, then I may be suckered into fishing it out of the bargain bin during a future sale."
,Not Recommended,275850,26078919,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Madmarkito,waste of money!!
,Not Recommended,275850,25994333,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Ｍ Ｏ Ｙ Ｋ,"Entirely not worth neither your money or time. In its current state, which it has been in since its launch, the game will not provide you enough content to keep you entertained for more than a few hours. As soon as all of your gear has been upgraded, there will be nothing new for you to do, and I mean that. Even though the different planets and star system look different, they play out exactly the same - if you've seen one, you've seen them all. Interaction with the game world is also limited to either shooting rocks and other things with your laser or using a dumbed-down simple dialogue system to make the three superficially different alien races grunt in various ways. The game also applies a weird mixture of hand-holding and vagueness, with every resource in your vicinity marked on your 3D-HUD and simplistic combat with next to no challenge paired with a lack of clear direction and purpose. For some, this might be pleasing, but in a world as superficial and one-dimensional as this, it will lead to a lack of enjoyment fast.On a technical level, it is poorly optimized and badly, especially considering what it is and how it looks. The original score is one of the few positive aspects of the game. For a long time, the game suffered from major pop-ins and ugly draw distance. Another huge issue is the lack of even the most basic communication with the development team. The day of the release marked a sudden blackout of the once active lead devs Twitter, with next to zero talk about the game post-launch. The combination of false promises and lack of open discourse is a cocktail of pure frustration.Definitely not recommended unless you're looking for a game that allows you to explore mildly varied biomes without major limitations while you create your own motivation to keep going - or if HEAVILY discounted and bundled with a bumper sticker that reads ""I witnessed the biggest disappointment of 2016!"". You're better off playing Minecraft or Star Citizen."
76561198131331875,Not Recommended,275850,25274215,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,JRGamerPants,Terrible
76561198019153136,Not Recommended,275850,25261893,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,archeryguy1701,"Edit to add: When will we learn to stop preordering crap? We do this to ourselves! Developers have no motivation to be better because they know that they'll get our money, even with the product sight-unseen!tl;dr: not a lot of content, and the exploration isn't interesting or varied enough to make up for the lack of other things to do.I waffled around a bit trying to decide how to rate this. Ultimately, I had to go with a down vote. The gameplay is super, super light on content. Think of Minecraft, except you don't get to do anything interesting with the stuff you mine. That's basically the extent of the gameplay... you mine stuff, you take selfies with the local wildlife and plants, and then you pop off to the next planet. The space combat is awful and the ground combat is tedious.Initially, this didn't bother me. I figured that the exploration angle would be enough to keep me interested. No. You start to figure out quickly that there really aren't that many interesting combinations of things in the game. 18 quintillion planets, and you're going to get attacked by angry space crabs on 17.75 quintillion of those planets. A vast majority of the planets feel very similar, and you see lots of repeat/very similar plants and animals. Exploration becomes boring when you keep seeing the same crap over and over again.I had a decent time the first 20 hours (Full disclosure, I didn't make it very far into the universe during this time as I was being extremely dilligant to find all the animals). The next 30 hours weren't as good. I was always on the brink of leaving, but I'd find something just interesting enough that I'd stick around a little longer to see if my patience was rewarded. It really wasn't.I'll keep an eye out to see if Hello Games really comes through with the content patches. But I got a $15-20 game for a $60 price tag. I'm unlikely to spend much more on this unless they start beefing up the universe. And I DEFINITELY won't throw any more money their way, especially if they start trying to push DLC."
,Not Recommended,275850,25700173,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,[SMB] Sir Daly,"I really liked the premise of this game and up until the launch I thought ""It sounds good, let's just hope they give it some depth"". But that depth was massively lacking. The game is alright if you like exploring and collecting resources, but there's not much more to it beyond that. The space fights are boring and the spacecraft moves like it's on rails."
,Not Recommended,275850,25772993,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,rallenk93,the developers lied about the game. the gameplay videos on steam are not in anyway a representation of the actual game. strip away every interesting feature you see in the video and that is what everyone was given as a full priced game. its almost as if they sold an alpha game at full price. the game is nothing like the videos or the screenshots and so far it does not seem as though the developers intend to make the game any better.
,Not Recommended,275850,26480383,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Commander Yummy,Tried it and I just found myself bored with no incentive to continue playing.
,Not Recommended,275850,26018287,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Papa Sasquatch,"Fukk Shaun.Fukk Gabe.Fukk Sony.And fukk anyone involved in allowing this travesty to take place. Not only did we all get fukked, they got away with it for the most part, except a lucky few who got early refunds. How the class action lawsuit hasn't moved foward is beyond my comprehension.Edit 9/4/17I saw so much news about all the new updates so I gave it another go. It's still♥♥♥♥♥♥ Now with extra♥♥♥♥♥♥mode. Building is pointless in a game about not staying in one place so thats ♥♥♥♥ing stupid in itself. Still waiting on star citizen 3.0 !And again F you Shaun Murray."
76561198323890071,Not Recommended,275850,25375806,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,richluu,"Unfinished game. No real story. No mystery.Just grind: Upgrade inventory slots, learn recipes, learn languages from 3 different factions.It's beautifully rendered.  Lots of variety for ships and lifeforms.Taking off from one planet to the next is pretty cool.Beyond that ... well, that's basically it. A great platform to build something greater on ... but they just didn't finish, and shipped it.It is a relaxing game that you can wander aimlessly and just ""enjoy the scenery.""  ... if that's your play-style: wandering aimlessly without a real purpose or goal."
76561198064224453,Not Recommended,275850,26161390,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,GATHEREROFAPPLES,Well waited 3 years for this game!  SHAME
,Not Recommended,275850,25419348,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Faws,"not much to say... Threw 70$ in the garbage, and got ♥♥♥♥ed over by steam refund policy"
,Not Recommended,275850,25187878,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Missing 8 chromosomes,"After now waiting more than a month for a content update and STILL NOT GETTING A SINGLE STATEMENT OF APOLOGY OR ONE CONTENT UPDATE, I can say with absolute certainty that I will never pre-order a game again after what happened. This secured the nail in the coffin.  Hello Games scammed every single person who purchased this game out of 60$. This game had so much potential. Yet I firmly believe now HG just ran with the money. I've learned that nowadays, developers can lie to your face and still get your money from you, telling you what you want to hear and not actually doing what they say they will. How is this legal? How are they not owning up to what they've done?We deserve a statement, either from Steam or Hello Games. It's NOT okay to advertise a product with features that don't actually exist in the game. I want my money back, and so does everyone else who purchased this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ excuse of a game. We didn't get what we paid for. How were we supposed to know? It takes more than 2 hours to discover this. A complete and total scam.If you've read this far, go torrent the game. It's just not worth purchasing. One day it could possibly be amazing with mods, but I doubt that will ever happen."
76561198168576402,Not Recommended,275850,26450124,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,TheAscendantX,"Bought this game as a preorder and expierenced many of the problems that others had which led to my extreme disappointment in the game and me stopping playing itI decided to try playing it again today and noticed that it still had inconsistant frame rates, and there are really no updates done to the game to improve the player expierence or add more things to do.Hello games decieved us and ruined their reputation forever."
,Not Recommended,275850,25956328,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,SgtMunky,Troubleshooting - 4 hoursPlaying the game - 9 hoursRegret - for life
,Not Recommended,275850,25187895,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Cordelia,PLEASE LET ME REFUND <3 <3
,Not Recommended,275850,25855706,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,WizardDexter,Just no.
,Not Recommended,275850,25990455,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,MrSqueak,"No Man's Sky is:Half-bakedFalsely advertisedTakes more than two hours to get running correctlyBecomes non-refundable by the time you get it workingLong story short, skip this debacle and play Elite:Dangerous or Star Citizen. Both games try a lot harder to be transparent and actually deliver what they say they are going to deliver. Sometimes it isn't on the timeline they promise but at least they tell you that before you waste sixty dollars."
76561197996400647,Not Recommended,275850,26036339,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,TrekGuy,LIES! It's all lies!!
,Not Recommended,275850,26313834,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Khunt,"This is still early access, right?..."
76561198324932389,Not Recommended,275850,26453270,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,phjortholm,"Worst waste of money ever. First of all, THIS IS NOT A GAME. There are no gaming aspects in NMS. You can fly around, then you can fly around some more and finally at the end of it all you can do some more flying. I do not understand why this is on steam, when it isn't a game, it is misleading and false marketing to adverstise a non-game on gaming platform. To the guys at Mjello Games, real pwetty guys, next time you make an attempt at making a game, try to put in some gaming aspects."
,Not Recommended,275850,26455460,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Hermanj,Sean Murray and Hello games bent us all over and ♥♥♥♥ed us so hard
,Not Recommended,275850,25965105,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Nutcracker,"This game finally thought me the lesson to not pre-order anything ever again. So much false advertising went into this game. I might have 25h on record, but this was only because I did not want to believe the lie that the game gets better. Final straw for me was completing the Atlas stone quest chain. Calling it a quest chain is wrong to start with, and the reward... well, no spoilers, but it SUCKS!!! It sounds to good, until you actually complete it, then you realise just how dissapointing this game as a whole is."
,Not Recommended,275850,25425567,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Phucked,"Its a nice concept but it lacks content, its all fine and dandy to say you can see a bigillian planets, but theres nothing to do on said planets... if we could build bases or colonies or settlements it would have something but its basicly a trading simulator in space as it stands which tbh is not enough for a game, there are plenty of trading simulators that do it better, port royale would be a better place to spend hours if your looking for a trading simulator as you can build settlements on your trade routes and farms and such to generate revenue for you while your sailing around exploring other island at some point they even give you the ability to put your flag on the island adding it to your ""empire"", Assassins creed black flag gave us a trading simulator built into a world of slaves and assassins with missions, and the ship to ship battles felt more engaging . But no mans sky feels like its early access and they have forgotten to put in 80% of the content. Dont buy it like this wait for them to add a reason to play. I would go as far to assume they finished their budget before they finished the game and released to us a smart phone app for the price of a full pc game."
76561198063654509,Not Recommended,275850,26027660,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Ol Willy The Scoundrel,"Literally the most disappointing game and experience of my life. First look of the game before the release had me and many other people really impressed with the scale and creativity of the game. This is by far the worst 60 dollars I have ever spent on a game. This game is based on lies from the developers mouth, screenshots, trailers, and gameplay. Key features of the game do not exist. The sad part is most people including myself played this game over 2 hours to keep digging into what this game was supposed to offer but never found it. Refund lost, thanks steam. It would be completely fine and understandable if the game did have everything promised by the developers, then it would be the customers buying this game at fault. I hope Hello Games is enjoying the money from one of the biggest gaming scams of all time. Meanwhille, Ill never play this game again and wish Hello Games would take those 18 quintillion planets and stick them up their asses."
76561198011051590,Not Recommended,275850,25442900,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Naroon,"Boring, the same planets, no plot, completely different from what's creators said. Very bad game, i'm very dissapointed."
,Not Recommended,275850,25487609,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Rypt,"wash, rinse, repeat"
76561197985139604,Not Recommended,275850,26040376,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Pilser,I'll definitely never preorder a steam game again...
,Not Recommended,275850,25954776,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,01110111 01100001 01110010,"I've got to be totally honest here... I did the pre-order months in advance. I was looking forward to this since day 1 of it being announced. The total product itself truly wasn't bad. The problem lies in the fact that it was VERY far off from what we were promised. Had I not put so much time into the game trying to find the things promised, I would've asked for a refund. I will not purchase another Hello Games product ever again."
76561198036850984,Not Recommended,275850,26011789,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,NineInchSnails,Just Don't
,Not Recommended,275850,25778455,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,JettyDaYeti,Dis gam be sum boo♥♥♥♥
76561198041368119,Not Recommended,275850,25966517,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Northrivers,Everything was promised. Nothing was delivered
,Not Recommended,275850,25565516,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,NullCase,"I loved the content provided by this game. And yet, a few weeks after getting it I'm bored as hell of it. It's basically the same thing over and over again. I just hope the mod community saves the game by adding actual variety."
,Not Recommended,275850,25943723,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Dan,Woeful game
76561198190000765,Not Recommended,275850,25965934,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,urbantiger7,This game has no real content. Exploration mechanics suck. Flight mechanics suck. Trade mechanics suck. Planets are the same. Don't waste your money. How is this still £39.99?!
76561197970681312,Not Recommended,275850,25972565,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Nasty,"I had been following this game for years, while it was in development and couldnt wait for the release.And when the day came. I couldnt wait to play it.The day came, IT WAS FINALLY OUT!!!!So I downloaded it and after, a good few hours of playing it. IT WAS RUBBISH!!!!!!!Poor graphics, repetitive game play and a waste of my hard earned money. Stay well clear of this!!!"
,Not Recommended,275850,25489210,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,mattcyborgelt,"A big universe with 3 things to do over and over. It is boringly addictive. My biggest upset is the game resetting my 42 hours of ""progress"". I booted it up today 09/12/2016 to find I am starting fresh. No big deal I thought. Ill just go up to load a save. I pick my last play from 09/08/2016 and somehow that is reset as well. Game uninstalled.If you want to play the promised no man's sky gameplay, play Starbound instead."
76561198031909523,Not Recommended,275850,26593935,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Dr. Aloha,"No real combat except against ai ships, planets that are the same ball of hills and valleys over and over and alien races as interesting as wet newspaper.If you want exciting exploration on a hostile alien planet, diverse wildlife and awesome base building/crafting play Osiris. 100000% better than this steaming pile of disappointment and♥♥♥♥♥♥If I could time travel I would travel to 30 seconds before I bought this and smash myself in the head. Weeks later when I recovered there would be enough time passed for me to know what a mistake I almost made.Hello Games, do you feel bad?? Not bad enough. Feel worse."
76561197991609906,Not Recommended,275850,25825461,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,AHHDESTROY!,Didnt deliver what it promised. very repetitve and boring.
,Not Recommended,275850,26111268,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Heisenberg,"Game is nothing like advertised, absolute rubbish.I want my money back.EDIT: Well, at least they're slowly updating to be what was advertised, one day maybe."
76561198044576797,Not Recommended,275850,26125537,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Rap Candy Bars,Fjhuch Heiy Aheate Hyu
,Not Recommended,275850,26592994,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Jarvis,"Terrible game. Zero gameplay, zero story, zero multiplayer, zero fun. The entire game is based on repetitive gameplay. The devs lied to us. Hell, they don't even trust us to fly the ship in the game. Don't waste your money, it's a terrible game."
,Not Recommended,275850,25330573,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Dashuri Shoket,It could of been so much more ( and was hinted as such in trailers and interviews ) than just a tech demo and clunky interface.All the trailers and screenshots shown on the store contain 70% lies.
,Not Recommended,275850,25812138,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,toxictoast35,i got bored even watching someone play it on twitch
76561198115826506,Not Recommended,275850,25825344,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,BlackMemeChef,The refund button works
76561198034667581,Not Recommended,275850,26207966,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Cythraul,"I went into it mostly blind, I didn't watch the trailers, didnt read that much about it, I'd only read the game description and watched a couple videos being played. So I feel like I can give the game a very fair review mostly uneffected by the hype.Aaaaaand... it's terrible, most planets are nearly identical, little to no grass, simply barren rock with funguslike flora. Animals all have the same single cry, and even on the rare lifeless planet, distant animal sounds are still heard. The planets do not orbit a sun, or even rotate, and are spaced unrealistically together. Resources are common, but storage space is rare, causing no end of frustration. The temperatures make nearly no sense, liquid water on planets well below freezing, wildlife walking around on planets hundreds of degrees hot. Thankfully most planets seem to fall in the goldilocks zone because anything outside of the livable human range will cause your suit to drain within moments.All in all its a game lacking both features and polish, it does not feel like even an early access, it quite honestly feels like a early alpha, barely more than a proof of concept."
,Not Recommended,275850,25386170,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Sir_Trippinz,"Regardless of this games updates and patches. Do not spend money on this game unless they lower the price to less than $20 I wasted $60 bucks on this crap, and now I can't get my money back from steam due to return and refund policies. I played more than 2 hours therfore ♥♥♥♥ me right. Sorry I gave this♥♥♥♥♥♥hole if a game a chance to redeem itself from the advertisement they put out. Do not get stuck in the same loop myself and many other users have been stuck in with this money vampire of a game. Sorry about the bad review gents, but you messed up. And I will no longer be buying any games from you in the future."
,Not Recommended,275850,26414298,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Not A Dragon,"Stranded on planet, get resources, go to new planet, get resources, and repeat that same thing 18 quintillion times."
76561198022504013,Not Recommended,275850,26215131,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Giggles_Manically,"Utterly awful, utterly without depth, and a complete and utter lie of a magnitude not seen for years.Do no get No Mans Sky unless you want to wander alone in barren and repeated planets forever.There are far better space games to look into then this one."
,Not Recommended,275850,25178873,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,IXVIXXII,"I tried to like this game and the concept (I did). I really enjoyed the exploration and atmosphere for the first hours. Mods were coming fast and some add a nice touch to vanilla (shaders, hover mode...). But it seems now that even modding sites have given up on this game...Anyway, I feel  clearly disappointed (and very VERY much cheated) when I look at the vids on the store page : how can Steam even let them still play now the game is out ? They are nowhere near the actual game experience.I've explored dozens of planets. Most of them are simply empty (rocks, rocks, and... more rocks). Wildlife goes from ""meh"" to a downright ""wtf is that nonsense ?"".Still waiting for those magnificient gigantic beasts in the trailer and all the trees and plants and grass :( ...Even an early access like Osiris is funnier to play and has more content.Won't recommend till price drops AND major update/content.1/10 would not get ripped off again..."
76561198017451492,Not Recommended,275850,25386315,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Phlange,lies and slander
,Not Recommended,275850,25206409,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,CheesusMcChrist,"I tried, I really did. Even with my specs meeting and some going over the minimum requirements, I couldn't even play this on low quality."
76561197971283700,Not Recommended,275850,25296295,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,†hief,"It's difficult to say if I recommend this game for more than $20.  I love immersive open-world games that require scavenging and survival.... but in this case, players will hit a brick wall of redundancy sooner or later that cannot be remedied without massive changes to the entire object of the game which is: ""Go from one place to the other while gathering things that you will need to keep doing so.""I enjoyed the planet hopping and the ""National Geographic"" aspect of the game when it comes to earning money by identifying new life forms- but it isnt enough to want to keep playing.  As one reviewer said it best- ""200 miles wide and 30 feet deep.""  Hopefully they make some changes soon."
76561198322146600,Not Recommended,275850,25811879,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,prezee,"Highly dissapointed with the game, I have like many other's been patiently waiting for a refund."
76561198083205291,Not Recommended,275850,25812262,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Lynceus,its pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥i gotta say
,Not Recommended,275850,26311069,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Budderic,I'd just like to point out that the #1 trailer still in use on the product page depicts things which you will not find in the game as well as things which you cannot do in the game. This is not a capture from in game footage. It is purely a marketing video which very deceptively appears to be game footage. A warning or disclaimer of some kind should have been posted by this point in time.
,Not Recommended,275850,26238133,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Pac Wintergreen,"Don't buy this game.I don't hate it, it is just not worth the money.An ocean of ideas but only an inch deep."
76561198037919164,Not Recommended,275850,25318310,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Drew_Sace,"This game has fallen short on many aspects of what it was supposed to be. Many years ago, when it was announced, the game was intended to be multiplayer. Hello Games never specified whether or not it was going to be in the game or not, and it still has not. Yet, we have seen that two players have already inhabited the same planet at the same time and were unable to see eachother. The planets look absolutely gorgous in the trailers. They vary from planets teeming with wildlife interacting with eachother to extremely hostile planets covered in sand and giant snake like things. Both of which made me want the game so much more. These, unfortunately, do not exist. Each planet you visit is a little bit different from the last. Each one varying with the types of animals and the colors of the planet. During the first couple of hours you dont really notice it, but once you play for about 8 hours or so, you really begin to see how similar everything really is. In conclusion, I highly suggest that you do not buy this game in its current state, if at all. Hello Games blatantly lied about the product they were releasing. It is not worth the name of a finished product much less the 60 dollar price tag it has."
76561198071168128,Not Recommended,275850,25964291,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,shadyx,not worth it
76561198140932785,Not Recommended,275850,25299325,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,JewsRUs,"I had the definate worst possible experience with this game and. I Pre-Ordered the game expecting it to live up to at least a fraction of it's hype to find that it was fundamentally broken. The graphics were nothing special and there WAS NO MULTIPLAYER or any way to interact with others in the world. I was promised interaction when I bought this game and I realy didn't get any. There's no fun in pointlessly grinding on planets for no reason whatsoever, this game lacked the nessecary plot that could have made it at least somewhat playable. To say the least I exepcted a lot more from a 60 dollar title and am expecting a full refund. I can't believe the ammount of refund requests steam must be getting but I worked hard just like anyone else for my money and when I spend it I try to spend it on somthing worthwhile. This was simply a waste of money(And not the good kind)."
,Not Recommended,275850,25709563,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,a cool man,"Really awful game; no content, AAA price tag."
76561198173863761,Not Recommended,275850,24846314,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Urbancommando79,"Game wont even launch, crashes on title screen.10/10 wont preorder anything from now onUpdate: 2 hours after the flop disguised as a launch, no comment from devs, no fixes, nothing.2nd update: Took almost 8 hours for the hotfix to even run the game, stuttering every once in a while, but havnt crashed since.3rd update: a week of playing and, i'll give it to the devs, they fixed the lag. But that's all they've fixed. you can still get ejected and possibly die for no reason when exiting your ship, being flung into the sky or ground. This happens mostly in space stations, but i've had to reload saves twice because i got catapulted into low orbit then fell to my death. This also happens when launching from a planet, but it's more of an inconvinence than a danger because you get flung into space and lose your position on the planet. The sentinel ship glitch is by far the worst, if you activate the warp drive to escape persuing ships and they see you, you better hope you can exit immidiately, because if you re-organize your inventory then exit, you have to either reset or fly all the way back to wherever you were last seen. You cant use the warp drive either. because you are ""in sight"" of enemy ships still. i'd rate the game a 3/10 at this point, Because the game feels like a husk of what was promised. If you release the promised content as dlc, i will stop playing all together."
76561198079523132,Not Recommended,275850,25245158,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,CannonFodder,Once i managed to get this game going (and not very well may i add) i made a review about Hello Games latest tech Demo. Check it out if you want:https://youtu.be/HYei2qcEegw
76561198154343098,Not Recommended,275850,26154202,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Jeff,This game is honestly♥♥♥♥♥falsely avertized and is honsetly trash the game litterally doesn't have multiplayer dont buy this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game they're in it for the money not to entertain the buyers. This game is a scam and should not be on the market for people to buy. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.
,Not Recommended,275850,25544014,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Charlie,When do i get the refund?
,Not Recommended,275850,25015198,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,DaniAngione,"UPDATE: A few months after this review, I'm here to say the game still sucks.No Man's Sky might be the greatest paradox in the history of video games.I don't usually write reviews but I feel that I must do so for this game. Somehow, I must transform all the disappointment my expectation has evolved to into something meaningful that - hopefully - will be read and perhaps help improve the game eventually.Ok, so... First and foremost: Is it a good game? Yes - it's a good game overall. As a game alone it's average, however, only pulled up because as a feat it is incredible. That's not enough for all the promise and the hype around No Man's Sky, though. It should have been AMAZING. It should've been breathtaking, it should have been ground shaking. And don't come to me with all that pseudo-indie false modesty ""Oh, we didn't expect such hype!"", ""Oh, we didn't expect such buzz."".YOU DID. No one publishes their game through SONY and charge an AAA-Title price without expecting that. No one releases big event trailers on E3 and whatnot, no one gives interviews claiming to be creating the most massive and diverse universe ever if they're not expecting great things. What were you expecting? A Newgrounds cover? lol.So, that said... I can't blame Hello Games entirely because we all know that if the development of this game was fueled by their dreams alone, it would have been what it always promised to be. But, oh well, people gotta eat, SONY has schedules and all that. So... well, whatever. We can't rush art, I guess, and every day a new game is proving that.Anyway, let's get on with what's important. NO, I'm not going to complain about Multiplayer support. I NEVER even cared about that and I've always understood NMS as a sci-fi, exploration game. My gripes reside elsewhere:No Man's Sky is a big lie. Actually, a farse. Yes, that's a good word. No Man's Sky is a huge, expertly crafted farse.Because they've given us a vast universe with 18 quintillion planets, all different from each other and incredibly beautiful in their unique ways... BUT they've also chained us to a repetitive, uncreative and boring journey of doing the same things and going to the same places over and over.And that's why I've started this review with the line ""No Man's Sky might be the greatest paradox in the history of video games.""So, from my point of view, it's bad design. Let me explain why:Pretty much everything you do to ""move around"" - whether flying or on the ground - requires specific resources. You need isotopes for Hazard protection and Life Support, for the launch thrusters (that can only launch you 4 times (!!) before needing a recharge), Thamium9 for your warp engine (that allows you to travel between orbital bodies in far less than 5 or so days, the time you would usually need in ""Normal speed"") and, of course, a complex fuel made with several crafted components like Antimatter for your Hyperdrive - what allows you to travel through the stars.That's all fine and dandy, I don't mind having to collect resources and all that. It can be fun and it is, after all, a space exploration game. Problem is: it IS a game. And being a game, it can't let the player make a mistake and get stranded on a planet or in space forever.And the game won't let that happen... their solution? PEPPER THESE RESOURCES EVERYWHERE.And this is the first big mistake in No Man's Sky. What was supposed to feel like an immersive, colossal living universe fails to do so because there will be red crystals (Plutonium) everywhere. Planets might be different, but hey, look, tons of red crystals as usual.And in space, there are asteroids everywhere. EVERYWHERE. You know, to make sure you won't run out of Thamium9. There's no ""clear"" space. Every single cubic meter of space is filled with asteroids, you feel like you're eternally lost in an asteroid field.So... if these resources are available everywhere, my question is: why are they needed at all? This is stupid design. You need fuel for the launch thrusters, but there's plutonium everywhere. You need Thamium9, but there are asteroids everywhere. So what should've been a survival challenge or a logistics side of the game ""ok, I must not waste fuel because it's not easy to find it here!"" becomes a stupid chore. ""Oh, launch thruster is empty again, let me hop out and blast a crystal.""It completely ruins the immersion and all that. Everywhere looks the same, every place needs those damn Plutonium crystals, the asteroids, the big Heridium columns (needed for Hyperdrive stuff), etc.This should all be gone. All these stupid requirements - launch thruster fuel, warp engine fuel - should all be gone. They ruin the game. The only fuel that has actual purpose and is nice to work on acquiring is the Hyperdrive fuel.Take Starbound as an example - AND YES, I'M GOING TO COMPARE THIS WITH STARBOUND BECAUSE THAT GAME IS BRILLIANT - You can freely travel around a star system without consuming fuel. Fuel is only required for interstellar travel. So it can be confined in moons, and allow you to have ACTUALLY diverse planets without the same red crystals and blue plants and huge heridium columns everywhere.Yeah.Ok, and now my second complain:Imagine Assassin's Creed on a galactic scale. I'm saying Assassin's Creed, but I could be mentioning most open world games where you have ""repetitive"" tasks around the world to achieve certain purposes. In Assassin's Creed, you have to climb high places to ""synchronize"" the map. These are EVERYWHERE.Well, NMS is a victim of that as well. And here the paradox continues: just scrap the 18 quintillion planets. They're all different ""masks"" for the same shelters. The same trading stations. The same Drop Pods. The same Ruins. The same... well, everything. The whole planet surface is sprinkled with hundreds of the same things. IN EVERY PLANET.Just look at that guy that completely upgraded his suit and his ship to ""max level"" without leaving the starter planet. Why? Because:1- You just need to repeat an activity to ""Upgrade"" something. For example, to upgrade your Exosuit slots, you just need to find a drop pod and pay a fee.2- Planets are huge.3- So, in one single planet there is enough space for a lot of the same event/activity to spawn - henceforth enough space for you to achieve everything you can (in terms of improvement) without ever reaching space.This is just...Oh, damn. I don't even know how to put it. It's just stupid.Everywhere is all the same. A lot of asteroids, a space station (all the same interiors, little changes), some potted-plant stealing to talk to the alien (because you need carbon which is available RIGHT THERE - ONCE AGAIN THAT PROBLEM, WHY ASK US RESOURCES THAT ARE AVAILABLE RIGHT THERE? JUST TO WASTE TIME, THAT'S WHY.) then you land on a planet, find the same shelters, the same structures, the same ruins, the same... everything.HOW CAN I BE COMPLAINING ABOUT THAT IN A GAME WITH 18 QUINTILLION PLANETS?There must be a point in history where they messed up. Seriously. How did they EVEN MANAGE to make a game this huge repetitive?!?Anyway...(Sorry, this is pretty much an angry review)Last but not least, the cerry on the top of the farse:YOU DO NOT DISCOVER ANYTHING.""To go beyond anyone else has ever been""? ""To challenge the frontiers of space""? ""To boldly go-- nah, nah, nah, nah.Nope.No, nada.You don't discover ANYTHING, because EVERYWHERE you go is already CROWDED with alien spaceports, shelters, stations... In fact, you're the biggest bully in the universe, going around RENAMING planets, stars and creatures that other species already met and all that. HOW RUDE!But yeah, there's simply no freaking place in the universe that has not been visited by antisocial aliens (because there's never two or more of them together, have you noticed that?)...That's it.Shame, Hello Games.PS: the TINY distance between planets is also ridiculous. ""Star systems""? lol, bite me."
,Not Recommended,275850,25955413,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Staemz,Worst game ever. Didn't even deliver what WE were TOLD this game would have. Utter disappointment. Nothing but game crashes/lag spikes. Worst company ever. I'm so happy that they are getting looked into by the UK advertising company for false advertising. Hope I can eventually get back my $$$. Nothing but money grabbers.
,Not Recommended,275850,25217228,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Varia,"Heh. Look at those misleading pictures and video's on the store page. Sure looks like a whole other game dosen't it? It might aswell be really. Sad to see No Man's Sky turning into No Man's Lie (Very original ik. /s) And the fact we can't even get a refund for this scam is just even more sadness ontop of the other things. Oh well might aswell give it a bad review as that is the only ""justice"" we can get i guess.To say it the way it is. Game is decent for a repetetive ""exploration"" game. Though lots of misleading and lying before release. Huge perfomance issues for many players. Hell some peoples games would not even start. And they even claimed to have fixed issues with the first few patches. Hah.... Even then we go on with lies... No Man's Buy everyone!"
,Not Recommended,275850,24853324,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,CMDR ali07saad,"You can take a developer out of EA, but you can't take EA out of a developer.Seriously. Sean never said the game would run. He said it came out on PC, and it did. It came out on PC. You paid $60 and got exactly what he said it would be. If you hyped it up to be something else that's your own fault.Some people think game devs should be immune to criticism because they were ""nice"" to you and worked hard, then they follow up with calling us entitled, as if it were a free game, LOL. These people are so blinded by hype that it seriously looks like cult mentality.I see so many people: ""they are a 14 man team"", ""they will add more content"", and now maybe ""they will fix the pc version"".they charged 60$ for the game, the indie dev excuse doesn't count anymore, we except a AAA game but got an early access game. Jesus what a cluster ♥♥♥♥. Guess I will refund it as well. Sticking to E:D."
76561197980367080,Not Recommended,275850,25708397,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Bahemon,"Very close to two months now without any patch other than the one where 30% of people who bought the game could not get in. Very disappointing, oh well back to good games."
76561198049575899,Not Recommended,275850,26372531,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Bassy,SO BAD
,Not Recommended,275850,26203866,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,NanoSlime_,"I had high expectations from this game, unfortunately it barely ran on my pc, crashed frequently and didn't include anything we were promised.We were promised so much and given none of it, it basically false advertising, claiming your game has something when it doesn't.We were told there would be multiplayer by Sean himself, only to find out he was lying the entire time.I feel scammed."
76561198262208371,Not Recommended,275850,25963906,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,beano-10,"Don't purchase, just don't"
,Not Recommended,275850,26003464,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,axe,I want a refund but Steam wont allow it because i naturally exceeded the maximum playtime.
76561198091319653,Not Recommended,275850,27490892,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,deathoffsteve,oh dear just why did i follow the hype
,Not Recommended,275850,25439394,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Future,Doesn't keep up with the advertising.
76561197970356007,Not Recommended,275850,25565217,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Austen,"Poor game, concept is brilliant but i can not get engaged into this. Going to explore other planets is tiresome and repatative. Theres only so many ways you can collect rock."
,Not Recommended,275850,25775945,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Kylo Ren,This game is a lie. Absolute trash. Biggest false advertising case ever. We were all robbed and we can't do anything about it. Never been so disappointed in my life.
76561198033118327,Not Recommended,275850,25777054,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,say999,no changes after 120+ hours in game just wash - rinse - repeat.leave alone countless bugs that didn't get fixed as of yet and the lack of promised but missing content and features.
76561198194473670,Not Recommended,275850,26011806,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Becky lemme smash,"Don't buy! It's full of false advertisement. I tried to refund it, but since I have more than two hours in the game I can't. I used 500 Norwegian krones on this game, and was met with disappointment. I really hope steam will take to it's senses and give me the refund, and realize that 2 hours in a game is NOTHING. DONT BUY THE GAME."
76561198040068198,Not Recommended,275850,26017872,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Akarana,"I bought No Man's Sky on the basis of the video and images advertising it on the Steam store page, which feature a great deal of content which is just not part of the actual game, including massive creatures showing advanced AI behaviour, free flight at low level over planets and seamlessly into space, large scale space battles and player careers other than exploration. None of these elements were part of the game at launch and have still not been added since. I was hugely disapponted to find that, rather than the premium, ground-breaking title we were promised, No Man's Sky played like little more than an unfinished tech demo.The ships in the game are functionally identical regardless of price or appearance. There are no improved flight dynamics or other advantages to upgrading your ship. The game doesn't even support a joystick which is ridiculous for any space simulation game in 2016. The in-game map is useless for navigation and does not allow you to return to planets you've been to before. Combat is extremely poor and repetitive.As a fan of exploration games, and with ""18 quintillion planets"" to explore, I thought there would be plenty in No Man's Sky to keep me busy for a long time, but I found the procedural generation to produce very repetitive environments and such gameplay there is to quickly become tedious. I was already feeling bored after only two hours of play. Contrast this with other games in this genre such as Elite Dangerous, also a ""sandbox"" game which I have played for over a thousand hours with no sign of losing interest.I have only played No Man's Sky for seven hours, and have felt no desire to play at all since August. Content updates have not been provided and the developers have fallen slient. For a supposedly AAA title with a very high price tag of £39.99 I would expect to get hundreds if not thousands of hours of play from the game, not just a handful.I would not recommend No Man's Sky to anyone interested in the space simulation genre. There is just not enough content there to maintain the interest of serious gamers."
,Not Recommended,275850,26020333,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Xertz,Cancer
76561198078699250,Not Recommended,275850,25652457,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Milky,"1/10 ""Great Walking Simulator, although it gets boring after around 2.5 minutes."""
76561198138090894,Not Recommended,275850,26027384,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,wardman_93,Not the game i anticipated
,Not Recommended,275850,26056587,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,chanandler,"*UPDATE....Still buggy, crashing every 10 or 15 minutes for no reason that I can see. The game takes forever to load up as well for some reason. Recent announcement of base building seems ridiculous when the game is centred around not staying in one place for too long....The developers need to learn how to communicate, the total effort they have put into talking to their customers since this game launched has been pathetic. They over promised and completely under delivered.If I could get my money back I would and I most definitely do not recommend buying this game.====================This is probably the biggest disappointment I have ever had in a game. Once you get past the initial 30 minutes and realise that this game is shallower than a dry seabed. It is dull and repetative and the inventory system is just a complete abortion and probably one of the most annoying features of any game I have played.Until this game gets a considerbale content update, vastly more things to do and a completely reworked interface and inventory system, I would pass on this game.Oh and if any of the developers read these reviews then a word of advice. Staying silent amidst this overwhelming negatvity towards your game is the worst thing you can do. Show the community and customers who have bought your game that you take on board what is being said and have a plan in place to fix it. This game could be amazing, but at this point it just looks like you don't give a crap."
,Not Recommended,275850,25187608,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Mr. Smiley,"Review Atlas Patch:The Atlas Patch is too little too late. It's nice to get an update that finally adds in: co-op (finally), some improved textures (game looks a little less blurry), MORE BLUR such as depth of field (yuck stop simulating eyes), new class of ship (s-class), somewhat of a reason to stay in the same galaxy instead of leaving it, a story that explains some things, crashed freighter ships on planets to scavenge, space battles are a bit bigger, some faction organization, slightly improved UI, etc etc etc, you can find more info in a video or site.But the real question is... is it worth the $60 price tag that it still has? Absolutely not. This stuff should have been in the main game, and paying 60 for an update that fixes the game to be basically what it was promised is absurd. This update is welcome but it's too late to really change my view of the game and company. Game shouldn't be more than 20-30 dollarsOnly reason I came back to review this update is because it was the only update worth a reinstall, the previous updates were pointless. The game lost its sense of aww and amazement after traveling around to over hundreds of planets and galaxy experiencing stupid alien lifeforms and having to recodex every life form and resource with some stupid name for almost every different solar system, along with the game crashing, and the stupid gimmicky features such as a word codex (which still exists) that hasn't been changed to an alphabet codex. All in all, I jsut cannot recommend this game, still. It started off horrible with tiny (pointless) improvements, and then this finally worth it update releases, except it isn't worth it. The game is still more of the old except with some new things.Also patch basically scraps all the data you collected if you've played before, resets planets changing their names and conditions, forces you to unlearn all the words you already learned, basically this game acts as though you're a beta participant who expects their data to get deleted. Nice, thanks for that, how about the patch corrupt my textures and save files so that I can't play the game ever again like it did to some other reviewers.Review 1 year ago:My experience from the beginning has been one of constant crashes and then once they released tehir third patch it ran so smooth it was like butter. I personally don't like butter, but I like how its smooth... anyway, the game really didn't give me much to do.Was I able to meet my friends while playing this online game that then deletes my recorded progress of scanning planets after two weeks so it makes me start over while really not giving me an incentive to mine planets for no reason except to charge my ship and build upgrades that are not really worth it since space is more important so I can craft things that I don't need just so I can discard them later along with a ship that I can't sell and just leave behind after buying some aliens ship, but he doesn't want mine and decides he'd rather walk in space than fly, and then promise me giant space battle but only get a handful of ships to attack me because they're pirates, and then give me this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ library codex thing that gives you a random useless word almost everytime because the aliens use simple sentences rather than big words, and it would have been better if they gave you letters of an alphabet rather than words so it didn't become so tedious collecting stupid words, and then give me some downscaled scenes that only look good once I added mods that force the textures to scale up and not look blurry, and then add more mods to get rid of the stupid blur while standing, while running, while turning, while really doing anything, and then remove the safety bumper you get while bowling that doesn't let you fly your ship how you want it on planets so its just floating above ground and I can't even crash it if I wanted to, and then add more mods to sharpen everything improving the look, and then edit files myself to improve performance because the game was still badly optimized on things while it ran like weird butter... but in short answer, no, no I was not able to meet my friends to enjoy this whole game that is only good for taking pictures and making new wallpapers.3.5/10Hello Games should have taken out more features, like the ability to steer your sheep and put everything on rails, so exploration is removed too, and then jacked up the price to maybe $80.00, and lastly to make the game even better they needed to postpone this game for another five years to build up hype so I know it's a really good game.Thanks for letting me play this wallpaper simulator."
76561197993232248,Not Recommended,275850,25811074,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,[ninja]bunbunofdoom,"A repetitive grind with no reward. Don't be fooled, this isn't 'open ended' like Minecraft or other sandbox games where you create the experience, this is an unfinished game, where the devs are silent after release, having released an unfinished game.It is such a shame."
,Not Recommended,275850,26375298,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Christroyer,Don't judge a game by it's cover.. Too bad we all did it!
76561198029197786,Not Recommended,275850,26542859,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,angpaur,"After 3 months this game is still not fixed and still costs 60 Euro/Dollars. This is ridiculous. For this price this game is a joke. Was supposed to be exciting game. Visiting all new planets was supposed to give a feeling of discovering uncharted territories and finding exciting things and experiences. In result all planets are resambling each other. There is nothing new to do on them as you explore. You are still doing same thing over and over again. Everything in this game is such a big dissapointment. Exploring, fighting, trading and even space flight - all so dissapointing. No wonder why people stopped playing it and are giving such an unfavor reviews. Don't buy this game unless its price drops."
76561198023390345,Not Recommended,275850,25428197,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,ChornStar,"So... the procedural algorithm used in No Man's Sky pretty much sucks; all of the planets are mostly the same. Same terrain, same plants, same rocks, same cave systems. Only the atmospheres and animals vary. What's even worse is that exploring all of these similar planets makes up about 90% of the game. Ships, combat, space stations, aliens, customizing your stuff, and getting to the center of the galaxy all seem like nothing more than an afterthought, all lumped into that last 10%. The game is really fun, for about a week (if that). After that, it's just a grind. A grind which, as far as I can tell, has no reward worthy of the time required for it."
76561198064335457,Not Recommended,275850,25855849,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,diffsky,wafer thin
76561198066592696,Not Recommended,275850,25855868,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,DieselBoy,I want my refund!!
76561198165912614,Not Recommended,275850,25950241,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,thegreatspacepotato,"I have to admit I was really looking forward to this game. I really was. From what Hello Games had advertised, and the videos and pictures on the Steam store page, it looked really promising. Unfortunately, once atually playing the game, one can see that all of the videos, all of the pictures have at least some element of deceit in them. The main trailer, the very first thing you see when you look at the game on Steam, is 2 YEARS OLD, and includes elements that have been removed and changed. The GUI has been completely swapped since this trailer, elements of scanning planets have changed, ande even the herds of animals are exaggerated. Going further through the video, you can see the player flying with Ai spacecraft. yeah, you guessed it, you cant do that either. AI battles are actually nothing like that, and the ships wont follow you moreso as just attack freighters. Continuing through this video, it displays the wonderful low flying effects in the game. Oh wait, those were apparently removed too. Overall, this very first video, for lots of prospective customers the first information they will see about the game on Steam, is totally outdated, false advertising. And the same is true for all the other media on the Steam page. DO NOT buy this game based on the videos you see on the Steam page, because they are over 2 years old, and have features that havent even made it to the final game."
,Not Recommended,275850,25965023,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,kING gIZZARD,"I've waited some time before writing this review, but Hello Games have gone silent. This game is a huge let down. Waited years for it, and made sure my friends knew about it - I regret all that now. Game studio/owner blatantly lied about many promised features in the game.Do not recommend."
76561198271716681,Not Recommended,275850,26427958,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Chris Angel (Mindfreak),♥♥♥♥ steam for not giving me a refund
,Not Recommended,275850,27789608,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Chief.,"""6 friends want this game.""Guys if you see this, no you don't want this game."
,Not Recommended,275850,25995222,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Very cool dude,This is where the Story Begins....The Dark Age of Gaming.
,Not Recommended,275850,25814523,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,telmer6,"It's not the worst game on the planet. For the first couple hours, playing with a buddy over Skype (no, not together, cuz, you know, there is no actual multiplayer), the feeling of discovery and exploration was intoxicating. After a while though, certain things began to grate on me. Like, how horrible the UI is, or how in-game achievements totally interrupt what you're doing sometimes. The lack of instruction, leaving you to bumble your way about the face of the planet. The sameness of the flora and fauna; yes, they are all ""different,"" but they feel the same, they ignore you, or try to rip your face off in the most generic way possible. I noticed that while there are some very pretty views, they are marred by horrible LOD (the first few feet look great, anything else looks like it came out of a early 2000's Kodak Easy Share camera). I got tired and my buddy and I decided to call it a night.After work a day later, with no system changes, the game would not start. I got to the loading screen, and it slowed down to around 5FPS, eventually crashing. An update and a switch to the beta ring have not resolved the issue. It works fine on my other machine... for now.Again, it's not a bad game, but I don't think it's worth $60, when you might only get 5 hours of enjoyment out of it, and especially when it runs somewhat poorly, if at all. Get it on sale and have some fun, but don't spend $60 on it."
,Not Recommended,275850,25260784,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,[IF] Yelmora,"So, No Man's Sky.I have bought the game on the wave of hype it has received and has got to play for quite a bit in it. I did hear the first days the game was out that it was something great and fresh, though probably not as much as it has been advertised, but I did not seem to care. My biggest mistake was trying to care about the pre-order, and not actually waiting for a lot of reviews, as I did before with other games - I followed the hype build around the game.But finally, I can tell I found out tons of issues with the game, and not in the usual meaning: it is actually mostly connected with the way the game has been advertised, with how it has been shown by Sean Murray and Hello Games at various cons.The first part, important for me is actually the multiplayer - I do really enjoy the not-so-MMO multiplayer parts, like the system the Dark Souls series (including Demon Souls and Bloodborne) uses: you have got your own world, and you can get a bunch of visitors in it, without need or even ability to cross your way with 10+ players simultaneously, creating small, rather random lobbies for a short while. But obviously, as it was found out by some streamers, the final game seem to lack this ability, and I relate to two Twitch streamers, that has come to the same spot of the planet, and could not see each another.Second part, is the actual 'uniqueness' of the universe. Better  say, the quality of that uniqueness, since taking a closer look, you do realize that summing up all the planet terrains, flora and fauna you actually always visit different planet. The trouble is, that there is just a tiny little bit of differences between a 'hooved cat-like creature' on planet A and on a planet B, which is really sad. Besides, it is even worse that the fauna follows very simplistic rules of actions, not talking about what has been advertised: the game trailers, showing the small herbivorous creatures going to the river-side t oget water/whatever it might be on the alien planet.Third important thing for me, were ships. I obviously did not expect the ability to build your own gear, as it is possible in games like Space Engineers, or Starmade, but at least some class diversity? Traders, warriors, explorers - any type of 'profession' a player would choose is not going to require a special ship to get acquired, they are allthe same.Fourth part of the game I have been highly disappointed in, is the actual NPC part - it is done very lazily. Like, you have got tons of NPCs scattered all over the world (even, worlds), literally sitting in their tiny little corners of the galaxy and doing nothing. I am not talking about the fact that such placement of NPC characters makes it sound kind of silly, when you happen to be the actual 'first explorer' of the planet - these NPCs seem to have been here for a while, even making a sort of infrastructure on the planet, including trading posts and things. Heck, you can even find various monoliths to find out about the races' past, and even the actual ruins! On the planets, you have explored the first. It does sound quite... Stupid, at the very least.Bugs, oh well. This is another part of the game, and I only can tell I have not encountered tons of them. And my solution was simple: I switched the game's language to English. The most of the drops of the game I had seemed to be connected with the localization, the game did look like it has failed to write out technology names in Russian, when I tried to get reward after talking with NPCs. And I can't tell this is a big deal for me, but still something... Sad.This far, the game does not either cost it's money, or time to really bother playing it - just go watch trailers and enjoy them. Hello Games has made a different game, not something they have advertised. Though probably charging for it as for an AAA project, they might have enough means to fulfil their promises."
,Not Recommended,275850,26051183,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,zeiroe 「ゼーロ」,Game is terrible. That is all.
76561198149853226,Not Recommended,275850,26479785,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Want sosig? | Farmskins.com,If there was a demo no one would have bought it.The biggest disappointment 201610/10 would refund this if i didn't preordered it
76561198117164952,Not Recommended,275850,25282504,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,k.reilly,"Two hours of this game is not enough to test it, maybe even you didn't took off of your first planet in the first two hours. NM'S is clearly not the game Hello Games showed us the last years, but you need time ingame to see it.You had invested 60€, and you need time to know if it worth it.I really want my money back. Not because I want it for anything else (but yes, of course), just because I feel scammed. Hello Games promised me one thing and then sold me another one, and now I can't take my money back.This is the exactly definition of scam."
76561198113374895,Not Recommended,275850,25242248,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,MontyPizzle,"So look, I had a review up for no man's sky a while ago with a positive standpoint. My views have changed. The lead devs have no stated that paid DLC will be coming for a game that is already costing $60. That would be fine if it were a triple A title however it is simply an indie game. I logged 30 hours onto this game, and then the save profiles on my system got screwed over. I lost most of everything and my epic ship I spent a long time farming for, not enjoyable. This game had great potential however it's screwing itself in the♥♥♥♥♥hole. Don't buy this game unless it's on sale, and if you want a group of developers that lie %80 of the time, hello games, goodbye."
76561198087632957,Not Recommended,275850,25832759,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,WinnieBlue,"Worst game I've ever played. Would have refunded it aswell if it hadn't taken me more than 2 hours to figure out I wasn't going to find anything remotely interesting. I will never by a game from hello games again and I honestly hope they never make a game again, because it is more than likely to be full of lies and deceit. Hell I would even compare this games on the ""lies and deceit"" scale as Aliens: Colonial Marines. Hello and Sony should be disgraced that they released such a horrible game full of bugs. In fact I would say most of the things you showed in the trailer are from a totally different game. If I could rate it a -infinte/10 I would."
,Not Recommended,275850,26292691,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Dutch Oven,"The Biggest pile of Steam-ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ever made, regardless the amount of time ive played on this♥♥♥♥♥♥ it took that to try and convince myself ive made a mistake.♥♥♥♥ you Hello Games. I want my £40 back from the $78 Million you made from this repugnant junk"
,Not Recommended,275850,25581454,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Jakuriin,this isn't the game you're looking for.
,Not Recommended,275850,25798835,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Volodya,This may have been the single biggest regret of my life thus far.
76561198116426009,Not Recommended,275850,25719545,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Akaviri,"I wish this game worked, but it didn't. Please avoid it. It was completely false. I really strove for it to work for my imagination, but it became empty to me."
,Not Recommended,275850,26008519,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,BradG,"played it for three hours, cant get a refund. worst $60 ive ever spent by a long shot. the game looks good, but does not play good. i bought this on the premise that it would be multiplayer, due to all the videos of sean murry saying you could play with your freinds and blah blah blah. i didnt bother to check the steam storefront page until after i bought it. then realizing it wasnt single player, i thought id try it anyway. worst decision of my life. i would rather play minecraft alone forever than reinstall this stupid game. no mans sky is somthing no man should buy."
76561198118356069,Not Recommended,275850,26348433,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Radd,This game is not worth $20.
76561198086850117,Not Recommended,275850,26228758,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,LMAOten AKA SpartanS034,Sean Murray can suck a chode
,Not Recommended,275850,25403074,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,edforceone,As of 1.3 after reading the patch notes looks like the game is going in an awesome direction. All I wanted in this game was to play with friends and it was the number one reason that made me pre-order it. This will be a positive review when I can play and see and craft stuff with a friend.
76561198017683658,Not Recommended,275850,25759782,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Relan McStone,"Basically, same problems everyone else is saying. The game simply is not what it is advertised. There is a reason it is currently being investigated for false advertisement."
76561197990772617,Not Recommended,275850,25760842,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Lunrtic,I Just want my money back so I can invest it into a game where the developers won't lie to me about game content and then make you feel like if you just searched a llittle further pass that 2 hour steam refund limit you might find the game I saw in the advertisment video.  for crying out loud I'm 24 hours in and never left the first planet.  Game is horrible there is nothing to drive me forward because I know I'll just find more of the same which was nothing . I'll never play this game again and steam won't refund.  I'm one of those fools the developers were advertising too.  I might as well quit steam all together.  I've never felt scammed by any other game I've ever purchased.
,Not Recommended,275850,24850295,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,BrandonMXB,"I have a decent computer that maxes just about anything out at 144hz, with the exception of No Man's Sky. This is just a huge disappointment. Sorry Sean, you didn't ""make a good game."" The lag spikes are often, unbearable, and nauseating. The optimization of this game is horrible. I'm highly considering refunding the game. I would not recommend anyone to buy this game until the glitches get worked out and maybe it drops in price. Also: Don't think about tabbing out, because you won't get back in. It'll lock up and you can't do anything other than drop the process and restart the game. The controls are annoying and clunky, even with a PS4 controller plugged in. The flying is nothing like I was hoping. I think I'll just refund and watch the game development from a distance. I'm sure it'll be a cool game and everything but not right now. Good luck!"
,Not Recommended,275850,24850445,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Sytharix,"As much as we don't want to hear it, the game is just another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ console port.Pros:- I can play the game without it crashing (Seeing the other reviews, this is apparently a pro)Cons:- Not able to maintain a stable 60 frames per second (980 Ti + i7 6700K)- You have to click and hold in menus... Seriously wtf?- The beginning of the game is way too grindy. I had to walk 10 minutes ONE WAY just to get a fifth of the ore I needed to repair my ship- Controls are awkward and feel wonky- You can't Alt+Tab back into the game once you get outThe game needs some massive improvement before I can change this review to positive. Come on, it's been in development for EIGHT YEARS and has had it's release date pushed back NUMEROUS times, but it's still awful. This game isn't worth anywhere near the $60 I, and many others, paid for it.Disappointed."
76561198017587558,Not Recommended,275850,25079940,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Xav,"Right now as it stands and at the current price I do not recommend this game.The game is beautiful, there no doubt about that and the idea and concept is great, however the variation is seriously lacking;Space stations all the exact same.Half a dozen or so ship designsPlants, Animals etc all the same design on the various planets I warped to, just different names.No buildingOnce you have visited half a dozen plants, just start to feel like you have seen every variation out there.The ""crack the code"" mini games to activate transmissions are the same 2 or 3 variations over and over.If you want to you can pretty much fully upgrade everything on the first planet, and then you left with even less to do as you explore.I listened to the hype and pre ordered and after just a couple of hours I was shocked at its lack of depth and wanted to quit but I pushed myself on and tried really hard to like this game, but after 25 hours played enough is enough, its just the same old thing after another. After paying almost £40 I currently feel like I've been robbed. To release this game in todays market at full price with so little content is really poor.I left this after 25 hours and picked up Empyrion for £7.50 on sale, and although its in Early Access and not as pretty it has all the things already in game that I was hoping NMS would deliver, for a fraction of the price!Maybe in time Hello games can deliver and improve and then I may return to give it another try but for now sorry I'm out."
,Not Recommended,275850,24850292,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Deus Vult,"If i had to describe this game in a single word it would be dissapointment. I was really looking forward to play this, just to find out a broken game with awful graphics and dissapointing gameplay experience.  the game runs at 30 fps even after setting it to 60, with random drops to 15 or 10 in a pc where i run games like witcher 3, MGS5 or fallout 4 just fine. I was thinking of waiting for some kind of fix but with all this negative emotions i have right now i guess ill end up refunding :( </3"
76561198048636485,Not Recommended,275850,24992320,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Captain Cumbeard,"Although I really like this game, I can't recommend it. At least not for the price of $60. Buy it when it's $20 so your wallet won't feel♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198042927670,Not Recommended,275850,25398809,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Signal #6,"If you have not bought it, good for you. Buy another game.If you bought it and has less than 2 hour game time refund it right meow!RUN AWAY FROM THIS GAME. IT'S ALL A LIE!"
76561198307634272,Not Recommended,275850,26602744,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Aaron X3723,"Please for all that is holy do not buy this game, if you have not heard of it by now, come out from the rock you were hiding, first yes Donald Trump did win the election, no really, second put No Man Sky into google and find out what on earth has gone on which amounts to worst launch since SimCity (the latest one not the original masterpiece) or Batman on PC (Darn you console players for enjoying its delights), a few patches that allowed it to run, finding out there is nothing that was promised in game and the trailers were taken from a whole different game that no longer exists with finally the developers running into hiding so they can catch up on the Amazon Fire box sets while seeing if they can learn some real coding from Mr Robot.Even if they start to add more content which seems more distant as each day passes, then this game would only be worth it if £15-£20 at most. If you don’t believe me look at the other reviews if you have not already, must be the worst rated game in steam history."
,Not Recommended,275850,26607976,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Baconeater1394,not what is promised
,Not Recommended,275850,26325292,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Prozach=VX9=,"I really wanted to like NMS, and I did for about the first 10 - 20 hours.Then it just got tedious.  The concept was fantastic and I can see some genuis in the design, but this was an early access title at best.The subsequent radio silence from HG since release is a textbook case in how not to handle a situation like this.Hope springs eternal that there will be a huge game changing patch, but given the climate and the radio silence, I fear that NMS is dead."
76561198023263584,Not Recommended,275850,26607783,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Claymoreblue,This game was supposed to so much more than what it was. Go play something else.
,Not Recommended,275850,26282167,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,OrangeMoose,"Terrible game is terrible.  Overhype, under delivered.First couple hours of content were interesting, but it got worse pretty quick.  Procedurally generated content is cool and all, but the repetition from planet to planet is unreal.  Spend money and time elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,275850,26117356,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,hlgl2,"One Man's Lie taugth me a lesson:……………………„„-~^^~„-„„_………………„-^*'' : : „'' : : : : *-„…………..„-* : : :„„--/ : : : : : : : '\…………./ : : „-* . .| : : : : : : : : '|……….../ : „-* . . . | : : : : : : : : |………...\„-* . . . . .| : : : : : : : :'|……….../ . . . . . . '| : : : : : : : :|……..../ . . .DO . . .'\ : : : : : : : |……../ . . . .NOT . . .\ : : : : : : :|……./ . . . . PRE-. .. . '\ : : : : : /….../ . . . . .ORDER. . . *-„„„„-*'….'/ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . '|…/ . . . . . . . ./ . . . . . . .|../ . . . . . . . .'/ . . . . . . .'|./ . . . . . . . . / . . . . . . .'|'/ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .'|'| . . . . . \ . . . . . . . . . .|'| . . . . . . \„_^- „ . . . . .'|'| . . . . . . . . .'\ .\ ./ '/ . || .\ . . . . . . . . . \ .'' / . '|| . . . . . . . . . . / .'/ . . .|| . . . . . . .| . . / ./ ./ . .|*No Matter how many updates and ""Features"" will be released: The game will still be ♥♥♥♥♥♥.♥♥♥♥ Sean MurrrayEDIT (8.2017): The Game is still ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and buggy. Nothing has changed."
76561198112340269,Not Recommended,275850,25331876,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Nid Flindirz,"Missing hundreds if not thousands of promised features and just to rub salt in the wound, there was a working version that had all the features which they just scrapped to make this broken and unfinished game (I also cant refund it becuase i've had it for more than two weeks.)"
76561198060976385,Not Recommended,275850,25489954,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,xxWeedwizard360noScope69,crap the game
,Not Recommended,275850,26137267,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Tim,"Dont buy, please. I really dont want you to buy this"
76561197993211120,Not Recommended,275850,26136969,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,foujin,"Poor frame rate, buggy, gameplay not as advertised, wish I could get a refund."
76561198113115442,Not Recommended,275850,26085643,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,+FS~Santos1,I enjoyed a good amount of the game and the concept of the planets was a great idea. With that said the game was a big let down when it came down to performance and ideas that never made it to the release product.
,Not Recommended,275850,25233331,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Disassembler,"After all my hours wasted in what was supposed to be an amazing game, I concur with rest of the negative complaints that No Man's Sky fails to live up to the pre-release hype; severely lacks in depth, playstyles and several other aspects!My laptop (Alienware 17r3 with a 6th Gen i7-6700HQ, 16 GB of DDR4 RAM, 8 GB of GDDR5 Nvidia 980M) had huge framerate issues with the game and would even crash despite drivers being updated and everything else being in place. For comparison, my Alienware runs Rise of The Tombraider (ROTR) flawlessly (with DirectX12 at ultra settings) AT 220+ FPS!!!!I've been a loyal Steam-er all my gaming-life and never before have I seen such a hyped game failing to deliver all it promised! I'm disappointed because Hello Games have been overhyping the game's dynamics. Steam, quit promoting such a game!1) There ended up being no landing on asteroids. There's no way to destroy freighters or space stations, and ""fleets"" in the game are comprised of maybe three or so ships. Freighters also do not move at all, despite their engines always being on. All of these things make the game much more static and lifeless than we were shown.2) Sean talked a lot about how you could have a significant standing with factions that would meaningfully effect the game world. This is not the case, the serve nearly no purpose at all from what I can tell. They open up a few options for things like shield and health recharges, neither of which you would ever actually need them to do for multiple reasons. You can also farm words from their languages at a certain point, but it hardly seems like Hello Games meant for this. You can max out faction rep in your first play session, and there are only three ranks for each. Losing rank seems very hard to do, even if you're trying to do it.3) Factions don't seem to have any interactions with each other at all, let alone have giant space battles.4) There are no ringed planets, and no sand planets. Ringed planets were only talked about, but sand planets were on display multiple times. Considering planets look very samey in the game, who knows how much variety has been cut. There seems to only be typical out-of-bounds void outside of solar systems, so there's no way to travel out of them to other systems manually. If you go far enough out, things start bugging out, and your game will crash eventually.4) Planets do not rotate on their axis, moons do not orbit their planets, and planets do not orbit a sun. To quote someone else, ""There isn't even a sun, it's just decoration on the sky box"".The reasons for requesting refund are endless! I've filed a request for refund owing to Hello Games' not being able to keep their pre-release promises."
76561197973021954,Not Recommended,275850,26307826,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,MonkeyBoogers,Worst scam ever!!! Misleading!!! I say class action lawsuit.
,Not Recommended,275850,26307429,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,F1GHTMAST3R,Waste of my time and money. Last time I ever preorder a game. Lesson learned.
76561197970346879,Not Recommended,275850,26299511,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,BaBaBaBa,Well there's one positive thing that came out of this: No Man's Sky taught me to never pre order again.
,Not Recommended,275850,25793944,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Zoalus,"Had fun for the first couple of days or so. I'd say I got my money's worth.However, this was a MASSIVE scam of a game. The advertising for this game is completely misleading, and they've still yet to fix it whatsoever (for the record, I don't think they plan on ever coming back from the Bahamas). The game itself is pretty fun, albeit repetitive, for the first week or so you play it. After that, it becomes one of those games you let your friends play when you don't want them ♥♥♥♥ing up any of your other games. I've heard it described best as ""as wide as an ocean, but as shallow as a puddle"".If you are considering buying this game, PLEASE go on Youtube or something similar and look at the game before buying this atrocity of a game.P.S.Sorry for the poorly written review; at the time of writing this I haven't slept in about 30 hours."
,Not Recommended,275850,25315230,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Kingston,"I don't believe this game is really worth the full $60 as it's not fully developed. For a generative universe with such a giant world, it is quite lacking content. Sure you can visit multiple planets and solar systems and keep discovering to your heart's content. However, after playing 9.9 hours I have started to notice a pattern of similarity. Every station looks exactly the same, with a tweak here and there, but structurally it is the exact same construct. The animals and plants (even planets) after a while become the same stuff. I was actually confused and thought I already discovered a planet multiple times. It was a different planet, but it generated the same exact thing. Disappointed, I'm going to request a refund. I would not recommend buying this yet, at least not for the current price."
76561198246911988,Not Recommended,275850,25215109,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,SwanRonson,"I would not recommend this game to anyone unless they just really enjoy wasting time doing the same thing over and over. Yes, it is a crafting/survival game, but it is also one in which almost nothing new and/or exciting ever happens. I played through it hoping that something would change that towards the end of the game but it never did. I expected something amazing and got something less than sub-par. Do not buy this game unless you just love wasting your money."
76561198143590237,Not Recommended,275850,25215122,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Cthomp42,"Game is missing many advertised features, crashes every 20 minutes, and over all runs poorly. It was fun for about 20 minutes, but after that it is the same ""quests"" repeated infinitley. terrible game"
76561198065450527,Not Recommended,275850,24987842,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Riksdag,Has great potential if they add a ton of more features but as it stands Id say its worth 20$ at most
76561198030977901,Not Recommended,275850,25215104,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Fortuna,"Count me in as someone who fell for the siren song called ""No Man's Sky.""- Horrible frame rate- Some buildings and terrain features do not render properly- Gameplay and features on trailers not matching what was promised by Hello Games- Even 65 Days of Static soundtrack is repetitive (and I like the group)<---Feels dirty & ashamed for buying<---Lesson learned..."
,Not Recommended,275850,25283291,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,MajoR MasturbatioN,Amazing♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,275850,25378151,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,FusterCluck,"Save yourself the ridiculous price tag and spend your money on Empyrion instead. Or bleach, either option would be preferable to playing this."
,Not Recommended,275850,25215095,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,❖Frostii ♥♥♥,I tried to enjoy but... Nahh... Too repetitive tbh.
76561198095586079,Not Recommended,275850,25215133,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Black Wolff,uuuurr such a shame
,Not Recommended,275850,25215099,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,i ate those food,made the game interesting for the first 3 hours so you couldnt refund. 10/10 scam
,Not Recommended,275850,26198583,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,t0tallyn0tZer0,No.No/10
76561198040823067,Not Recommended,275850,25860856,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,PigFluPandemic,"So the out of control hype levels for this game affected me and everyone else who purchased this game... At first (and I mean at the veeeerrryyy beginning) it was fun because you were thrown into a gigantic explorable universe that looks like it was taken straight out of a scifi novel. However, after an hour of playing the game, you have done nothing but fly around and collect alien words, mine resources, and find outposts to interact with the alien population. Then after 5 hours of gameplay and your first planet hop you are doing the same thing. Then after 10 hours and your first hyperspace jump you are still doing those three things. That's all there is to the game.I thought that maybe I got unlucky and started in a boring system. I thought surely it would get better as you progress further towards the center of the galaxy... boy was I let down. This game took all of its potential and threw it in the trash. I don't know what Hello Games was thinking releasing this. Its almost as bad as a game that is stuck in alpha for years and makes no real progress (e.g. DayZ) except with a $60 price tag and loads of false advertising. I have tried 3 times to get a refund from steam and believe that I am well within their bounds (even though it has been longer than 2 weeks and I have greater than 2 hours of playtime) because this game was nothing but a lie. The consumers were lied to by the developers and for that reason I think that everyone who wasted their money and time (which you can't refund wasted time) should receive an unconditional refund. And this isn't a RAGE REVIEW. I'm well passed being angry... I'm more sad and feeling let down at this point.Bottom line, don't buy this game."
76561198202109984,Not Recommended,275850,26407351,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,wadiyatalkinabeet,-rep inbred
76561198156429610,Not Recommended,275850,25861102,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,El Crabo,"I honestly don’t know how to write this review for this game. It is a good game on the surface, but if you were hyped for several years like I was it is a huge disappointment. It doesn’t give us most of the features that were promised and brought people in. The main one that I was disappointed in was the large scale space battles. The closest I saw to this was rebels attacking one big ship and you could fight the rebels or help them. It wasn’t even close to the “large scale” space battles that were promised. Also when launching the game I get stuck in the loading while you fly through the galaxies. Overall it is a good game but it isn’t good enough because of what the promised."
76561198071501324,Not Recommended,275850,26023742,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,ericwarner1994,:(
,Not Recommended,275850,26122447,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,GimmyJibs,LOL atleast I got it as a gift!
,Not Recommended,275850,26424704,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,klenerschluchti,I cant put in words how disappointed i am with this game and the worst part i cant even refund it. They promised us so many things all the way back at E3 and what did we got in the end? A game that first felt like it was something to work with but after only playing a few hours you feel how empty it is. All in all this whole game is a big fat lie and the main developer is gone with all the money he got from it. What a great world we live it.
76561198001079459,Not Recommended,275850,26723681,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,FantasticSkyChariot,"Of all the available endings, my favorite is the refund ending."
76561198051640444,Not Recommended,275850,26425890,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Rijo Kirji,Pretty good if you like being bored....
,Not Recommended,275850,26549311,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,RetroGuy3210,"Boring after one hour. All you do is explore a vast universe of similar planets, collect resources to keep your ship and life support powered, then rinse and repeat. 60 dollars? The biggest rip-off this decade has seen."
,Not Recommended,275850,26547564,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Black Sparr0,"Lame ""ending"".I really wanted this game to be something wonderful and awesome, and to be honest that seemed to be the case in the beginning. About 30 or so hours into the game I was actually enjoying it but soon after that changed. This game became all about grinding in order to get to the finish. The map system isn't even accurate. It says you've jumped 1500 lightyears but in actuallity you've only jumped 700 or so. 170000 lightyears to the center. How are u even supposed to do this♥♥♥♥♥♥ I've grinded this♥♥♥♥♥♥for 90+ hours (I've played it for a total of 122 hours as I'm writing this but the first 30 hours like I said was kinda nice) I can't believe that I still have to look up online what people have written about the ending in order to understand it or even get some kind of closure. I'm sorry Sean Murry that your indie developer company had to be put in the spotlight by Sony. But still. ♥♥♥♥ this game. Also I can't imagine how♥♥♥♥♥♥this game runs on any other gfx cards than a 1080, because that card runs worse than a potato in this game.Too bad it's kinda late for a refund when you've played 122 hours of a game."
76561198124799630,Not Recommended,275850,26023485,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Raidar,♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198041985869,Not Recommended,275850,26724094,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,LeMMingSlayeR,"I was very excited about this game, and enjoyed it immensely when it came out.For about 10 hours.After that, I began to realize that there just wasn't much substance to the game.  The initial ""wow"" wore off and left me wishing for some sort of narrative to compliment what I honestly think is a technically cool game.The graphics are by no means cutting edge, but I did like the relative smoothness of transitioning from space to planet surfaces.The ship designs are cool, the art style reminds me of the covers of old sci fi paperbacks that I read growing up.  The controls are decent, but there really aren't any gameplay mechanics that are new compared to other games.My main problem with this game is the lack of content.  There are just enough things to discover to enjoy some variety and ""random"" exploration for about a dozen hours.  After that everything gets repetitive, and with virtually no dialogue between your character and any NPCs at all there is nothing to stop absolute boredom from setting in.I played this game for a total of 42.1 hours.  The ONLY reason I played for this amount of time was to try to ""finish"" the game.  I spent $60 on this game the day it was released, and I felt that if I finished it I wouldn't feel like I wasted the money.  I have grinded my way through a few terrible games over the years just to say that I gave them as much of a chance as I could.  But I finally had to quit this game before even ""completing"" it.  Now I am left with not only the feeling that I wasted $60, but that I threw away MORE THAN A FULL-TIME WORK WEEK of my life because of it.So there it is, my humble opinion of this train wreck of a FULL RETAIL RELEASE.If you can buy this game for $10 or $15, you can enjoy it for an afternoon or two and that's probably where it should have been priced from day one.  Hello games should have realized that anything more than a $20 price tag for this INDIE game would leave people dissapointed and frustrated, as it has."
76561197999434544,Not Recommended,275850,25743808,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,agentw00t,This game is now being investigated by the Advertising Standards Authority (ASA).How is it possible that I am STILL BEING DENIED A REFUND?!?!The videos and screenshots displayed on the STEAM STORE PAGE FOR NO MAN'S SKY is COMPLETELY NONEXISTENT in the GAME!!!How is it that I cannot be refunded when you are advertising trailers and screenshots for a game that does not include any of the aspects of what is being advertised?!?! I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!!
,Recommended,275850,34247237,Posted: 14 August,all,SirBreakfastBurrito,"Here's the thing, No Man's Sky is an okay game but has some flaws. Here is a short list of pros and consPROSPretty expansive space travelNew and unique planet typesAbility to buy freighters and other shipsNew LoreCONSPretty expensive for what's thereSome occasional bugsDoes get a bit repetitive after a whileCan lag quite a bit at times depending on your rigAll in all I think No Man's Sky is a pretty good game, just not for full price. I would say wait until a sale where is is at least half price. If you are into relaxing space exploration games then No Man's Sky is for you."
,Not Recommended,275850,25256535,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Optimus Rob,"AFTER ALMOST 30h OF GAMEPLAY...I can say this now about NMS:For $60.00?...This game is absolute garbage!- Multiplayer Universe:LIES! There is NO multiplayer at all in NMS.- Discover zillions of amazing planets:LIES! One planet generated with minor differences over and over.- Fleet Combat:LIES! There is no fleet whatsoever & Capital ships are huge whales doing nothing.- Amazing and rich trading system:LIES! Unless you think PacMan was an amazing game about trading.- Detailed crafting system:LIES! Unless you think Donkey Kong had an amazing crafting system.- Beautiful Sandbox:LIES! They've got Litterbox and Sandbox words mixed up.- Next Gen Graphics:LIES! This game uses textures from a commodore 64.- Inifinite ammount of ships and weapons:LIES! Do i even need to comment on that one...- A fully completed AAA+ Title:LIES! LIES! LIES! (bashing my head on keyboard *&?*DKJ()&?) LIES!I really really wanted to love that game, and waited a LONG time for it.But in the end... I will remember your name from now on Hello Games oh and you...Sean Murray, i will especially remember you... Never to buy ANYTHING from you ever again.I hope you are enjoying your luxury cars and caviar on us fools. It's the last time you do.0/10 Will never bash my head on my keyboard again"
,Not Recommended,275850,26197031,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Frayace,The game isn't as bad as everyone says. it's just so... unfinished.  There's just nothing to do in the infinite universe.
76561197986202772,Not Recommended,275850,26493791,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Janosch <3,Jump on the Hype Train. Achievemet unlocked
76561198176979355,Not Recommended,275850,26494336,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,ĈĻØŬŦLØRĐS//$AUCEĜØĐ,"The only reason I played this game for as long as I did was to try and see if there was any other aspect to it other than what I had already seen. But, as most other reviewers (and now myself) know, that was a very incorrect judgement.When I had first seen the promotional videos for this game on Steam, I was extremely excited. Being a large fan of open world exploration games, I though tthis would be teh perfect game for me. I preordered it, and waited anxiously to play it when it released. The first few hours of playing this game were phenomonal; there were so many interesting and exciting features, like the capability of flying the spacecraft. I hadn't seen such a fluid use of that feature in any other game.As time went on though, it got repetitive and extremely boring, having to constantly mine necessary materials to even keep yourself alive. I'd never have space for anything else and it was very irritating.I reall was hoping this game would live up to the standards it had set for itself through its promotional media. But, it couldn't even do that. That to me is really disappointing, when afullgame is released by a developer and they then disappoint everyone who bought the game early, and stretched out their playtime looking for something good.I really wish I oculd return this game, but since I stretched out my playtime looking for anything other than what was already there, I can't get my money back. To those looking to purchase this game, I would buy this gaem only if I were really ready to set myself up for disappintment. I can't stand to look at this disappointment of a game in my Steam library anymore."
76561198124798994,Not Recommended,275850,25300626,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,burns,Last money Hello Games will be getting from me.
,Not Recommended,275850,25682536,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Kalamino,Not worth your time or money.Skip this one.
76561197992704685,Not Recommended,275850,25744287,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,[Mr.°F] Rich Evans,"Basically a big pile of steaming false advertisement.  The game is structured as such that you'll only know you've been boned well after you no longer qualify for steams return policy.The game does not have features promised by the developers or showcased in demos.  The developers continued to make false promises about features right up until release.So you'll wander around in game for a while, possibly oohing and awwwwing at whatever is strange about the world you start on, until you move on from that spot and realize you have literally seen everything in a universe that has been advertized as virtually infinite and ridiculously diverse.  You'll find the plants, animals and mineral structures on planets repeating to an absurd degree.  You'll also find the topography of the planets monotonously mountainous, only breaking from that for little plateaus where the game sets alien encampments.  Which...  While we're at it?  Why does every unexplored alien planet have a hundred camps, depots, trading posts, and beacons already?  And hell...  Why is there not even the semblance of a story in this thing?  Anywhere?  Completing the big task of the game restarts the game with little fanfare or explanation.Save you money for something less aggravating, like a root canal."
76561198061321341,Not Recommended,275850,25372829,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,if it rains,"Everything you read in the neagtive reviews is true. I can't be bothered to repeat it. This ""game"" was the sting and Hello Games played a long con. The trick is that by the time you work out that there is nothing but vast repetitive garbage between the lifeless void, you'll have exceeded the Steam refund policy by an hour or two."
76561198172610219,Not Recommended,275850,25372755,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Filipino Carbonara King,Fix ItI like how you still dont have multiplayer its really cool im glad you said you would support multiplayer thanks
76561198035812552,Not Recommended,275850,26634454,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Emperial,Dont waste your money on this crap.
,Not Recommended,275850,26634084,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Grando,Not for 60€
76561198068273138,Not Recommended,275850,25887905,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Tibbles the Terrible,"Ridden with false claims of infinite exploration and immense freedom....Stationary solarsystems, repeating planets and life, 2 hours of frsh content......False advertising? who knows..."
,Not Recommended,275850,25834006,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Justinasz,I bought this game for a friend...I have no friend anymore.
,Not Recommended,275850,24895494,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,divine1,"I returned it due to issues with FPS drops and crashing. I may reconsider purchasing it in the future, after the aforementioned issues are fixed. It seemed reasonably fun, however I cannot recommend it to anyone who doesn'treallylove space games, as I do. I, however, cannot recommend the game in its current state."
,Not Recommended,275850,25118636,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,BigDaveyB,"I won't rant about the game but will let this video do it for me:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTTPlqK8AnYSean Murray misrepresented this game to a point of lying about it on numerous occasions. The videos do not represent real game play and even show AI behavior that is not in the game.Basically Hello Games created a game focused on the procedurally generated worlds but forgot to give you something to do in them. I might spend more time playing this game IF there was something to do. RationaCcomment on Reddit hit the nail on the head in his review:There are no actual solar systems. The planets don't rotate around a sun but are stationary, sitting together in a blob.There are no stars, they're just part of the skybox but you can't fly to them.The 18 quintillion planets that was so heavily marketed isn't impressive when you realize what that actually means: if you took 11 things and come up with 50 variations for each, that is close to 18 quintillion combinations. Most planets are entirely the same but with different bumps and colors, they have the same objects on them and largely the same resources. Once you've seen the first dozen planets, you've seen them all.There is no actual differences between the ships, except the number of inventory slots. There are no ships specializing for say speed or combat.You don't have a sense of scope / scale to your journey. In the galactic map you can see other stars but there's no sense of where you are in relation to the center of the universe. Likewise you don't have a way to track where you were. No mapping or history, waypoints or other ways of tracking your progress. There needs to be a way to see how you're progressing and also give some meaning to how far you've gone.You can't actually fly between these systems or go into say the dark space or outer asteroid belt. The only way to travel between them is to open up the map and click warp, which initiates a loading screen animation and loads up the new planets. There is no deep space. The moons don't even go around the planets. All of the various wonders of the universe (neutron stars, supernovas...etc) are entirely absent. You never actually feel like you're flying in a real universe, you feel like you're in a skybox with 3 or 4 planets that are mostly the same, then you load up a new skybox with a new set of similar planets. It's nothing like say Space Engine, where you actually do get a true sense that you're in a real universe.You can't even fly your ship. You can't fly low across a planet as there is an invisible boundary and you can't crash your ship. The controls are terrible, it has none of the complexity of other space flight sims.You can't manually land your ship, you simply press a button for it to autoland. Tons of other maneuvers (like entering a space station) are entirely autopilot.The asteroids which are everywhere have insane pop-in issues, they only show up like 50 meters in front of you.The freight ships don't move, they just sit there passively forever. They add zero gameplay depth.The space stations are all basically the same.The planets are littered with outposts, all identical and with a single NPC alien standing still and staring into the wall.The NPCs are entirely shallow, there is literally no point to even talking to them since they never say anything interesting and simply give you something random you likely don't need. Even the automated quest giving NPCs in Bethesda games that hand out those Radiant AI quests would be a massive improvement.All of the monoliths are the same, it's nothing but a chore to chase them down. The words you learn don't add any depth to your interactions with the aliens, since they never have anything interesting to say anyway.There are no actual biomes on each planet. Each planet is the same no matter where you land.The animals are build on 14 different skeleton designs, with a bunch of random animal parts scrapped on top of each section to maximize the number of permutations and there is no attempt to make the animal make any sense in it's environment or have anything unique in it's behavior. The animals have no evolutionary history and their behavior is incrediby shallow.There are no tall trees like were shows in E3, they're all saplings. There are no large forests, no large creatures. There are no large valleys, huge mountain peaks, no giant volcanos, all terrain is uniformly similar across planets.The grinding which makes up most of the game is not only boring, but frustrating due to the completely messed up inventory management.The interface is absolutely atrocious. It's amazing that it can be messed up this bad, the fact that we need a mod just to remove the requirement that you have to hold each click for a second speaks volumes. You need to load up a menu to do anything, and the menus are terribly designed and completely unintuitative.The game is a technical mess. It looks like♥♥♥♥♥yet runs with all sorts of framerate issues.The traveling on foot is insanely slow and tedious. There should have been a buggy or car, or at least some sort of fast jet pack like in Tribes.It fails as a survival game since nothing in the game leaves you threatened. Each planet is seeded with abundant resources, and the few things that do attack you are easily defeated. Compare to minecraft where there's a very definite risk / reward system to exploring a deep cave system. Nothing really threatens you in a meaningful way.The different minerals and resources don't really matter. Since most of the upgrades to explore the universe are yours within the first hour / two hours all the rest are kind of nice add ons.There's no challenge to exploring. There's very little combat and what combat there is is very boring.Inside a solar system there's no way to decide if a planet is interesting or not without actually visiting it. There should be some 'classification' of the planets e.g. class M, class X, etc that allows you to say a certain type of planet might be safe vs unsafe.All planets are accessible right from the start of the game. I was excited about the idea of acid planets, radioactive planets, cold planets ... I was thinking that in order to explore a radioactive planet you'd need to craft some special gear. There was a pretty obviously gameplay loop where the dangerous planets had better minerals / ruins / whatever but were very hard to explore. Instead every planet is basically just a copy of the others.The constant need to recharge things, which don't really serve a purpose. It makes the game very grindy without any positive feedback. Instead of feeling free to explore the world around me I feel annoyed that if I see something cool it means 30 seconds of tedium while I mine the abundant plutonium. I end up not landing and exploring because of how annoying it is that to take off again I have to enter a menu and recharge my ship.None of the aliens interact with each other or have any sort of AI other than 'walk around a bit'. There's nothing to sit and watch. An occasional ship will fly overhead but they don't do anything. You never really see a battle take place or the ships acting in any sort of interesting manner."
76561198133998487,Not Recommended,275850,25008031,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Warlord Reaper,"After playing for just under 50 hours i am kicking myself for paying $60 for this game. i looks nice but it feels fare from finished. Its all cool for the first 5 to 10 hours but you soon start to see the same thing over and over agian. i tryed to keep a open mind and move a little deeper into the game but with every jump it was just still more of the same. it feels and plays a lot like a early access game. like it is unfinished and could be a good game at the end, but its not and i comes with a fully finished game price tage. so in the end if you want this game i would hold off till it goes on sale."
,Not Recommended,275850,24896980,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,SPaZED,"Game is broken for most people on PC. That's the least of it's issues. The game is empty with absolutely nothing to really do. If you like walking around empty environments and collecting resources then maybe you'll have fun for about an hour until it becomes a inventory management simulator. Any of your equipment that you upgrade takes up an inventory slot in your already cramped exosuit/ship inventory. It took me maybe 10 minutes to fill it up. So not even collecting resources is fun. It's tedious and frusterating. Fundamentally, this game is boring. Maybe in a year, after many many patches, this game will be worth $40. I can't see it ever being worth the $60 they're charging for it now."
,Not Recommended,275850,25181877,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,[BW] Terminal Rat,$20 game released for $60. Should have been called Procedurally Generated Space Simulator 2016.
76561197989234087,Not Recommended,275850,25823876,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,FatDbag,"The best business plan ever for a game release.1. Hype game up with such great looking features, endless variety and world and promise people what they have been wanting for ages in an open world sci-fi game.2. Mark it up as a AAA title on release and pre-order.3. Sell many copies.4. Give a cover up objective/lie to make customers try to find these ""features"" for hours/days.5. Laugh while they can't get a refund on the crappiest game they have ever wasted $59.99 on because of Steam's refund policy.This in the real world, when you ever get screwed over in life when buying a car, getting a job, a raise, a girl/guy, etc, is what you call getting played."
,Not Recommended,275850,25824164,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Nakiami,RELEASE:fun for a couple of hours then u notice the game lack a huge amount of promised content.1.1 PATCH:Starts to feel like a game u got a new objective for yourself: find a lovely planet to claim for your own wich is awesome.the freighters seem to be reasonably priced. u get a bunch more material to work with.some stuff for me still feels lacking BUT it also feels they are trying to make it better.this patch does give some hope for it to be the game we want. we probably will need to wait for some more patches.but its going somewere at least.as long as they keep adding content this might turn into a positive review.RESULT: I STILL DONT RECOMMEND THIS FULL PRICED!!!get it on a sale and remember this is a space grind game still.it will suck u in for a good amount of time.but after u compleet your base u are back at the what to do now dilemma.id say this game is worth  25euros at its current state.will update review with future content
,Not Recommended,275850,25186534,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,DerpyDerpDerpDerp,"It's just drudgery. I really really really tried to like this game, but it's so repetative it's insane. Each planet is basically the same and the sense of discovery goes out the window after the first system. To top it all off the myriad technical glitches and performance issues will give you headache after headache. Then finally after investing quite a bit of time TRYING my best to really appreciate the game both of my saved games were loading me inside a landing platform with no way out. All of my progress was lost and all of my efforts to appreciate the game just went out the window. Don't waste your time, please. Just wait until one of the other many sandbox space games comes out.Edit: I installed this game again just recently to try it out again given all the changes that have been implemented. Still terrible. Controls (especially flight controls) are horrendous, combat (especially flight) is horrendous, missions are just gathering missions that ask you to find minerals that really just add up to you jumping from system to system trying to find them because you have no idea where they are or what they look like. Base building is kind of cool, but it's so limited it really doesn't add much of anything. This game is still no where near worth playing in my opinion. Perhaps it will get there, but it's not there yet."
76561198008967581,Not Recommended,275850,25186600,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Z[ion],"Inherently disappointing. I really wanted to believe in the game. It has an interesting concept, however promised features were not delivered and the game us unplayable even above minimum specifications. I have waited for 2 weeks for Hello Games to deliver a patch to resolve issues that prevent me from playing and unfortunately they have yet to do so even on the experimental branch of the game."
,Not Recommended,275850,25187569,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Shredder,The space combat is terribleThe ship flying is terribleThe variation in worlds is terribleThe inventory is terribleThe crafting is terribleThere is no multiplayerIt crashes frequentlyTry Starbound or Elite:Dangerous instead.
,Not Recommended,275850,25186555,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,King Haxor,"As many others have mentioned, this game was a straight up lie. Generally, the differences between E3 trailers and the finished product is not significant enough to cause wide-spread hatred, but this was basically false advertising. They could have improved so much by releasing Early Access like everyone else to fund their development, rather than releasing a game that isn't even finished. At this point, I don't believe this game can be saved. Thanks for the let down Hello Games."
76561198063247305,Not Recommended,275850,25187580,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Joshw1415,"This game was a scam, Actual gameplay was nothing like the footage released at E3. The Lead developer has come out and said many times about certain features being in the game which has turned out to be a complete lie. The performance of the game is shocking, it contains many bugs and often crashes. The lead developer has also come out and said there will be paid dlc which weeks before he announced wouldn't be the case as he said... “You've paid for the game, so you should get this stuff without paying even more money. So no, there will be no paid DLC, just patches.""As for the ""2 hour"" rule when it comes to refund it simply shouldnt apply to this game as it can take several hours to leave your starting planet (tutorial) depending on rng. I played through the many problems/crashes to see if the game gets any better and in my opinion it doesn't, the planets I have encountered over my playtime havent looked anything like the videos which were teased by Hello Games during the run-up to release. This game is an indie game there is no reason for them to charge £40 for this, quite frankly it is scandalous when you look at what you actually get for your money. I have only ever refunded 1 game before and that was simply because it wouldn't run, and considering I have close to 200 games, this should indicate my level of frustration with this game/developer.Would not recommend. (Unless in humble bundle for £4)"
76561198022498778,Not Recommended,275850,25187592,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Golden Spork,"The cake is a lie and so is this game, Sean Murray is a crook and a liar"
76561198019310551,Not Recommended,275850,26408148,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Kansai_WC,"This game, as beautiful as it is, gets boring really fast."
,Not Recommended,275850,26405437,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Lord Hatchi,"I totally like being lied to and sold an incomplete product. Doesn't that technically make this a scam? Or maybe fraud, one of the two."
,Not Recommended,275850,26407799,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,simodan,Entirely not what I wanted or expected.  Was not even close to the expectations set from several public appearances by their team.  I was so hopeful; now I am just dissapointed.
,Not Recommended,275850,25980844,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,IgnisDragon,"Look, i hoped for the game to be decent. I quite literally searched for it to be good but. It just isn'tThe game screenshots and trailers are completely different to the actual game and the game is not what it was advertised to be. I just wished i hadnt preordered it like so many other people and diving in head first"
,Not Recommended,275850,24850875,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Vesuvius,"Not a $60 game!!! I would spend $15-$20 on this...Also, they waited a few days for the PC launch and it's not even properly optimized! Major hype and it failed to deliver.Update: 20 hours in and I still retain the same feeling in regards to the price tag. So far, I have done the same thing over and over. This game has no substance!"
76561197999956867,Not Recommended,275850,25519865,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,uselessbyname,Was good for a couple hours but not worth the price
76561198080465989,Not Recommended,275850,26407990,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,liam is mail,booooooooooo
,Not Recommended,275850,25504177,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,[ZSU]Comrade Nicktinskey,"This game is a load of crap, I can't believe I wasted my time on it.10/10 WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND"
76561197969653994,Not Recommended,275850,25746737,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Brisingr,Simple Definition of scam : a dishonest way to make money by deceiving people. Yep that what Hello games did on this one!
76561198031661467,Not Recommended,275850,25747337,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,YeezusKriest,"first time I have ever reviewed and requested a refund for a game in my life and I have bought a lot of really crappy games.Its not that this game isnt fun or that it doesnt work. Its the pure fact that we were all lied to about what this game is, its features and capabilities. I requested a refund because I just dont want to support and give my money to companies, people or games engaged in this type of practice. Tell us one thing so we buy it, then dont deliver any of the game aspects, take our money and leave with no responses to upcoming development or criticism about why the way the game lacks what you promised.If you wanted to build a single player exploration game where you can name planets and animals and thats about it, then thats what you should of advertised. Maybe people would buy it just to do that.I think everyone should get their money back and this game should be taken off the market till they apologize and explain what this game is really about"
76561198030906882,Not Recommended,275850,25934733,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Bennabus Kahn,"I really wanted to like it, in fact I did like it a lot when I first started playing. But after a dozen hours or so it really does become extremely boring. There really is nothing to do except mine stuff so you can get stuff to mine more stuff. I'm sure it's all been said before and much more eloquently than I will now, but unfortunately, this game sucks."
,Not Recommended,275850,26054452,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Bailly1,Not what was promised! Gets extremly repetitive afetr a while.
76561198140630963,Not Recommended,275850,26362690,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Coral_Bones,Awful game. DO NOT BUY
,Not Recommended,275850,27607103,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TocCo,Yea thanks for wasting my money and 40 hours of my life where I furtively searched for meaning in this game.
,Not Recommended,275850,25961977,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Meeehai,"Gave it a shot, but now like most people I regret it. I was excited to explore and be exposed to more things after the inital couple of planets, but the game really wears down your interest as you discover that although the planets look different, the gameplay barely differs. You land on a new planet, do the same things, and then leave. Then, you just don't really want to play anymore..What's worse is that the slideshow of pictures that is playing above while I write this just shows a bunch of stuff that doesn't seem like its in the game.."
,Not Recommended,275850,26054526,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) China,If you want to feel stupid about spending 60 bucks on a bad game pick this up. A special thanks to Steam for allowing this. Thanks for the Waste of gigs.
76561198138920344,Not Recommended,275850,25774989,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Vokay,"Here is why I am not recommending the game. When people usaully recommend a game it shows that they are clear and have no haul while playing the game. I find that this game is rather toward a select few people, it is a ""grinding"" game with a few aspects in show, that is all. What they narrated when they were releasing it, it was a whole other aspect or chriteria of a genre.  I find it unfair how they marketed it towards the public, in general,  I am quite disappointed."
,Not Recommended,275850,25903344,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Gator,Refund..please?
,Not Recommended,275850,26088081,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Labrafaggot,"This game would be a good buy for $15, but not a dime more. Wonderful idea and concept -- essentially a vastly simplified form of Elite: Dangerous. However due to not suppressing or disproving earlier hype and adding their own, I can not enjoy the game for what it is, because I expected what it is not -- a fully fleshed out space exploration game, rather than a gridfest with the most anticlimatic ending. I was fortunate enough to get my refund in after 12 hours of game play (4 being fun, 8 being me hoping something new happened)Also for those looking, the two trailers in the Steam preview are both from E3, beta footage. It is in no way an accurate representation of No Man's Sky. At all. It is legitimate false advertisement."
,Not Recommended,275850,26362023,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Chron Aldazaar,"As beautiful as the game is, I can't condone the horrible practices employed by the developer here. The lack of what was promised is what hurts this most, and the fact that Sean Murray didn't back up his mouth with what he and his company displayed at E3 is concerning to the future of this developer. I will not recommend an incomplete game."
,Not Recommended,275850,26032954,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Rhysbeastz,No promise fufiled
76561198173653882,Not Recommended,275850,25766416,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,I4Husky,"I was so pumped for this game cuz the trailer looks really cool. BUT, when the real game comes out the regret of buying just came up.The marketing material were so well done, but compare to the game it was misleading and scamming all the players who bought it. Unluckily I was looking forward that this game can be better so I kept playing for a while. Now I can't even get a refund on this because Steam has its refund policy. As some of the comments said if there is a special message about refunding just on top of buying this game, there is something really not good going on.Be aware, don't get scammed like us."
76561198015028451,Not Recommended,275850,26222807,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,SCE_Inigo,"Well, the game was incredibly redundant, the only pro was some nice graphics. The game play was about as repetive as you could imagine, ground hog day all day.[Edit: 6 26 17] HOLY SMOKES PEOPLE! This game is finally on sale?! Why is it even FOR SALE at all? This was literally a game Martin Shkreli would have made! ""Lets make a game with nothing to do, and charge 60 bucks for it!"""
76561198044209095,Not Recommended,275850,25765198,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,LeeMingChow,"The game gets pretty boring after a while, first couple hours it is cool but afterwards it is repetition. Hopefully they update their content, till then don't get this game!"
,Not Recommended,275850,25934450,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Maxi Satan,No Man's Sky is probably not as bad as everybody is saying... But it definitely isn't as good as it should have been.
,Not Recommended,275850,25989873,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,SudoLeezard,I'm so mad that I paid money for this.
,Not Recommended,275850,25531719,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,emzy,been waiting since day 1 for my refund! overhyped and juist horrid game
,Not Recommended,275850,26222692,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,stew3254,"Complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ I preordered like most of us dumbasses (those who preordered too must agree, we were dumbassses). The game was fun for the first 10 or so hours early on while the game still had high hopes for *BUG FIXES* that never came, such as the promised multiplayer and space combat. This game has no challenge whatsoever, and of all 18quintillion planets, it seems like there are maybe 20 different types of plants. They all just have different names, not looks. When I tried to refund within two weeks, I had about 12 hours because I was sick of the developer's♥♥♥♥♥♥and wanted my money back. Besides, I heard people who played 87 hours and got a refund. I requested at least a dozen times and mine was not accepted. I have only ever refunded one game before and that was within the hour I bought it and half hour of play time. I never like to write lengthy reviews, even reviews period, but when a game is this garbage I take special thought into expresssing how complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t this is. Valve, stop cheating us our well deserved refund before someone wins a lawsuit on your♥♥♥♥♥ We will still buy games from you, but continuing to sell this is a real low blow."
76561198304139341,Recommended,275850,34254321,Posted: 15 August,all,megdiadotexe,"I refused to buy this when it first dropped and i waited for a huge price drop before i got it.After playing for a while i realised what this game could become but i was certain hello games would just abandon itafter the reviews and backlash from the community after launch.Then out of nowhere updates started to drop adding more and more to the game and now after the recent update i am quite pleased that i stuck with it. Hello games may have had a bad launch and the could have done the easy thing and abandoned the game but they didnt, they chose the hard path and have over time pretty much fixed the game and added so much for free. I cant wait to see what drops next.Hello games have redeemed themselves imoThank you and keep up the good work guys :)"
,Not Recommended,275850,26381242,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,dreamss`,"""Guys! I have a great idea! Let's release the game, and not say anything for a few months after release! Ooh ooh! Another thing, we can also advertise multiplayer, WITHOUT MULTIPLAYER!"""
,Not Recommended,275850,26392082,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,ChemTurtle,"I would write a legitimate review for this game, but thinking about it kills more brain cells than it's worth.Here is my refund request that I spent 3 hours on, submitted twice, and was declined both times due to the fact that I had more than 2 hours played.I acknowledge the fact that I am over the 2 hour limit for most refunds. However my reasoning for this is that I was told by some of the community that the game would get better, more interesting, less grindy. So I kept playing, believing them. Sadly, the game did not meet my expectations. I do not feel that the 2-hour policy is fair in this situation due to the promised minimal amount of gameplay hours to reach the main objective (400 hours!) and the $60 pricetag.My first reason for wanting to refund this game is that the gameplay footage that Hello Games - the indie devs of the game - released looks nothing like the actual game, and depicted some features that were not in the game. For example, in an interview with Game Informer, Sean Murray - the Managing Director at Hello Games - stated that other players would be able to see your character in the situation that you were both in the same place at the same time. This was proven wrong by two streamers on the first day of release, and the game is believed to lack any sort of visual netcode. These features that were promised are what originally drove me to become interested in No Man's Sky.My second reason for wanting to refund No Man's Sky is because of it's low system requirements, and poor optimization. I have an Nvidia GeForce GTX 970 4G Video Card and an Intel Core i5 4690k processor that clocks in at 3.5ghz, and I suffered from frame drops as low as 9 frames per second. Even some of my friends that were well over the system requirements listed on the Steam Store Page ran the game at a maximum of 25 frames per second.My third and final reason for wanting to refund No Man's Sky is that Sean Murray recently went back on his statements that Hello Games would provide large amounts of content free of charge, rather than in paid DLC.Due to the developer's inability to satisfy customers, and their removal of major selling points (that hooked said customers) in the final product, I would expect that a well respected establishment like Valve would offer a refund for people that were dissatisfied with a game that fails to meet the very simple criteria of a game being sold for a AAA price. Please keep in mind that I have only ever refunded one other game, and am a loyal customer with more than 45 paid games.Thank you for your time and careful consideration of my request."
,Not Recommended,275850,26107572,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Furious,Biggest dissapointment in gaming history. Fact.
,Recommended,275850,34243140,Posted: 14 August,all,Doug Dimmadome,"The reviews that are before the Atlas Rises patch do not represent this game. No Man's Sky has changed so much over the past year that it's actually a really fun game, not worth the 60$ price tag, but it's still really fun.When it came out, I played it for approximately eleven hours before getting bored with the game and noticing the immense similarities between planets, and for someone who had paid decent amounts of attention and excitement toward this game for a while, I was royally disappointed.However, that was then, this is now. Now, it's still not what I had hoped for, but it's getting there. The multiplayer has made an appearance, the base building is very unique, and the Atlas Rises update does so much for the flying mechanics of the game. I'm having a lot of fun playing this game and I probably will for a while. When it came out, it was a raw game with nothing to do, now it has plenty of things to work on, I'm often getting mixed up with what my current goals are.This game isn't what you originally hoped for, but it's still fun as hell, and it will get there. Hello Games is just biting the bullet and accepting that they screwed up, now they're doing the best they can to make the game into something you would enjoy playing, something worth your time and money.I'm having a lot of fun playing this game and a lot of people are now changing their minds, I think it deserves a second chance."
76561198207429520,Not Recommended,275850,25559017,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Sharp02,"This game was fun, for the first few hours. Then it became a grind, where you did the same thing over and over again, until you reach an anticlimactic end and start over."
76561198126592129,Recommended,275850,34275968,Posted: 16 August,all,StereoCat,"I haven't played the previous versions so I can't really compare, but the Atlas Rises version is really good!!!"
76561198075890125,Recommended,275850,34977013,Posted: 15 September,all,Hebbsterinn,An amazing technical achievement. Already spent 250 hours in this beautiful game.Thank you Hello games for keeping at it. Gimmemore!
,Recommended,275850,34276830,Posted: 16 August,all,SlingRah,"No Man's Sky was a bit of a mixed bag at launch. Obviously, a ton of promised features weren't there and a lot of people were left disappointed, including myself, as I had planned to purchase it at launch before I saw the reviews. Fortunately for us, however, Hello Games did not give up on this game. Instead of running with the money they had made from preorders, Hello Games committed themselves to fixing what needed to be fixed. Now, a year later, this game is all that was promised and more. There is a 30+ hour story with brilliant writing, an amazing soundtrack, great graphics (though I recommend modding them a bit), and the beginnings of multiplayer. Everything is there, and I can see myself putting a lot of time into this game in the future.Also, I just wanted to point out that almost none of the recent negative reviews have played more than 10 hours, meaning they never even gave the game a chance. Just something to think about. :)"
76561198286314674,Not Recommended,275850,25158043,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Broseph,I wish I could refund to buy the new Deus Ex game.
,Not Recommended,275850,25162253,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Silversteel01,Needs more danger
76561198032531088,Not Recommended,275850,26296023,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Akri,To say this game was a disappointment would be a massive understatement.  The released version is almost nothing like what was advertised to the point of being fraudulent.
76561198059009215,Not Recommended,275850,27277582,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[RQ] Mikhail,Just No
76561198133631375,Not Recommended,275850,25157517,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,andrer75,This game is not exactly fraud but feels like a betrayal. Old school car salesmen advertisement that has nothing to do with reality. Enjoy the money developers
76561198054822703,Not Recommended,275850,25157612,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Wrymn,"I was amazed when I saw this at E3 trailers. Since then I watched the game closely, Sean dev videos, explaining how game works, what can we find there etc.When game finally released, the fps dropped to 30 with my high end PC, movement and camera controls were horrible for mouse, like camera script I make in 10 minutes.When I finally got over the performance issues, I was really enjoying the game for the few hours, new planet, species, caves looked amazing, then you get into space, visit space station.- But then you get into another system land your ship, mine resources, sell them, craft fuel.Jump to another system, land on planet, mine, sell it...Jump to another system, land on planet, mine, sell it...- You visit landmarks and ruins for the first few times, then its again all the same, and I actually stopped visiting and exploring these points.- The animations of talking to NPC are taking AGES, they sit in their chairs, doing nothing.- The AI ships are scripted and so bare bones- Big freighters are not even moving, just jump to system and stand there to be looted- Every station has the same exact layout where there is Free Inventory space at left and one NPC on the right- There is no faction warfare- No NPC walking around, they just sit on one spot- No interesting stations- No difficulty increase and you go towards center- HORRBILE, clunky UI system, its just awefull, inventory management is hellMultiplayer:- when Seas said two players didnt see each other because of ""server issues"", I laughed. There is no serer, because every player runs on his local machine. When press ESC for 10 seconds and returnto game, all NPC animals and ships are at the same spot where you entered.If you were on server, they would move, because they run on server.....The game got boring, it loset 90% of its players already, there is just no purpose to play. Its all the same and repetetive. I`m compeltely disappointed."
,Not Recommended,275850,24847948,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Cozmo,runs like hot dogshit
76561198095994065,Not Recommended,275850,24957957,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Raser,"Just lost everything after crash.My advise if you want to buy this game:""don't.""Atleast wait a year until more updates come,maybe it will be fixed then."
76561198000934283,Not Recommended,275850,24949579,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Kamikava,Not a £40 game for me. Gameplay shallow & models CTRL+C/CTRL+V. 5/7 would refund again.
76561198031020989,Not Recommended,275850,25477982,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Burning RefleX,"I'd say it's pretty much the most aweful ""game"" ever, 9 out of 10 promised features are still not in game, even after a month. I strongly recommend you do not buy this game."
76561198011332379,Not Recommended,275850,24984397,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Ulster,"A horrible mess. If you were lucky enough to avoid the hype and preorder, then kudos. I resisted until about three days before release. It will never happen again. Fool me once....Not really a game, an empty procedural generated universe. Who would think that such a massive quadrillion planet universe could be so incredibly boring.Nothing close to Minecraft in space. Crafting is practically nonexistent, interaction with the world is redundant. Once you meet one faction, world, creatures you have really done it all, fly to another system rinse and repeat with very little variation. 60$ for 12.5 hours of play and I am done.Biggest let down of 2016."
76561197991821726,Not Recommended,275850,24953479,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Ryyse,"This game was full of features and promises of grandeur, yet it is shallow and quite boring.  Beyond updating your equipment and your ship, there's not much else to accomplish.  Sure, if you enjoy wandering aimlessly from planet to planet looking at flora and fauna, then much enjoyment awaits.  As for me, there wasn't enough 'game' in No Man's Sky.  This game is most assuredly not worth 60 bucks in its current iteration."
76561198028679947,Not Recommended,275850,24982239,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Hops,"Not good enough for the money it cost...Poor inventory, ships are all the same, solar systems are a joke as the planets do not orbit, planets are all basically the same... the list goes on"
76561198005506602,Not Recommended,275850,25372219,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Nickmard,Daylight robbery. Lies Lies Lies
76561198216483003,Not Recommended,275850,25372083,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Twizdom,"I haven't written out a review yet for any game. But I will now. This game was enormously fun for about a few hours. The thrill of exploration lasted just that. Afterwards, when I understood the game and how to get all the upgrades, I was left with little to do. A vastly infinite game doomed by it's lack of things to do. The random events are a chore. The creatures and environments lack details. I can't find anything to do in the game before that doesn't feel bothersome. Playing is a bother. I expected a delivery to an alien world, barren or filled with life or somewhere in between. Unfortunately, I was stuck somewhere in between. The random generation doesn't feel so random. The buildings fade into the background. The world generation is somewhat unremarkable. There are no mind blowing scenes to visit. It's repetitive infinity.Would I reccomend this game to anyone?No.Did I enjoy it?Somewhat.Should you pay $60 for it?Never.I wasn't given what we were promised. And I've given this game more than enough of a chance."
76561197971358165,Not Recommended,275850,25630060,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Scatterbrain3d,Everyone else nailed it... it was a fun 10-20 hours and then it was like on repeat... Wish I had waited to see reviews before buying this game. I have enjoyed $15.00 games more. Wait for a Steam Sale of 90%+ off.
,Not Recommended,275850,25322415,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Edward/Miriam,Got the license message within 3 hours of gameplay. Might want to fix your game breaking aspects before releasing it.
76561198045521452,Not Recommended,275850,25262965,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Dank Punk,"its fun for the first 24h then you realize everythings its the same and the devs lied ,i ts been like 2 weeks now and still no answer or any post from the devs. also steam didnt aprove my refund....TNX STEAM i wanted to buy battlefield 1 with that money"
,Not Recommended,275850,25322409,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,CLinTy,"This game is so over priced, for what it has in the gameplay."
,Not Recommended,275850,24947196,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Dodger,"I REALLY REALLY WANTED TO LIKE THIS GAMEI had low expectations, I didn't expect Star Citizen or Minecraft or anything like that. I thought it would be cool and chill exploration, even if a bit overpriced. Well, I got shafted for even thinking that. There's small things this game does that actually makes me think Hello Games had no QA team, and never consulted outside opinions on the game. This goes beyond the general lack of depth as pointed out by a lot of reviewers, although it does overlap. Here are things that stick out to me:- Every planet seems to generate terrain on a sort of random sine wave kinda pattern with little variation. Land only flattens out a bit near some outposts. There's not even coding for specific biome presets or stuff to appear, like Minecraft did (which had procedural world generation too!). Its all just a sloppy, random mess. There needs to be some order but also actually cool and unique things to generate in order for me to feel like I'm exploring an interesting world.- The textures are just bad in general and feel ripped straight from console, which is probably the case- STOP GOING WIDESCREEN FOR EVERY MILESTONE AND EVERY NEW ALIEN MET. Is this intended to be good design?- A lot of people have reported seeing similar animals with very little variation. I have heard from at least 10 people that they have seen the pineapple looking creature. Exploring seems to lose a sense of uniqueness when you figure this out.- Give me an indication of where I'm actually going to land. I understand that coding flying close to the ground is tricky, but you can do it better Hello Games- YOU CAN'T SET A WAYPOINT TO GO BACK TO YOUR PAST DISCOVERIES.  WHHHYY. Remember:This is a 60$ game- Animals seems to have 3 behaviors only: run around and coo like idiots when they see you, attack you, or not care. This is all they do. Nothing else. No attempts to code ecosystems or more advanced behaviors.- The sentinels being nearly everywhere on every planet is stupid. I hate fighting them because it lacks depth, and there is no real purpose given to them.- Hazards like cold, hot, toxic, and radioactive all behave the exact same, just a different color and text. How long has this game been worked on?My favorite thing about this game is the space flying, and approaching big planets at light speed, and then I feel a letdown realizing that there will probably be nothing memorable about the planet itself.Hello Games, please, work on this game more. Make it worth our money. DO NOT PUT OUT PAID DLC UNTIL YOU MAKE THIS GAME WORTH IT. I understand a lot of problems can be pinned on Sony, but try to open your eyes to your criticism. We deserved much better from you.1.1 UPDATE: Game definitely has more content, I will update this review after I play it more. Still not worth 60$ by any reasonable means as of yet."
,Not Recommended,275850,25265942,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,jC.101,Rock cutting with futuristic laser tool simulator.
,Not Recommended,275850,25432896,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Von,Ran out of things to do after about 6 hours complete waste of $60.
76561198042230144,Not Recommended,275850,24879895,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,deeeeeep,"No Man’s Sky has had more hype and expectation surrounding it than a Manchester United transfer window.The fundamental gameplay isn’t deep or rewarding enough for me to stick around and explore many of the 18 Quintillion planets game has to offer. With such basic combat and inventory management, it quickly wears thin and you’ll feel like you’re dragging yourself from system to system in search of Atlas.How long you choose to chase Atlas will simply be how much patience you have with the gameplay, or how long before the immersion breaks and the realisation that you’ve done the same four basic tasks for the past ten hours hits. Either that, or the endlessly-annoying game-crashing bugs will get you.Does it live up to the hype? For anyone who’s been following this game for years, definitely not."
76561198047694696,Not Recommended,275850,25354238,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,LoudLynx,A lot of things about this game had promise but never delivered. Developers announced a lot of details about the game that never happened. Really disappointed and I feel lied to.
76561198059439317,Not Recommended,275850,25245068,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Locke Soriku,Just buy Attack on Titan
,Not Recommended,275850,26010152,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Manthium,If you don't know the issues with this by now I'm not sure you've been on the internet for a while.. In short it should of been sold for £10 tops and none of the advertising should have been done.
,Not Recommended,275850,24846488,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,LeeMoStar,Game started for me had a play around now I'm bored.Why does it skip so much? my comp should be havingzero problems with this game.I'm saving myself a lot of wasted hours rufunding it.
76561198145437070,Not Recommended,275850,24846398,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Confused,keeps crashing im hoping they fix this
76561197970349223,Not Recommended,275850,24846568,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Ghkar,"this is unplayable. lowest fps ever, stuttering everywhere. i had to quit after 5 minutes because i got sick of this crap :("
,Not Recommended,275850,25652778,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,ᴢᴏʟᴏꜰᴛᴏ,"Who would've thought a $60 release would have the same multiplayer capabilities as excel, and yet still manages to be less entertaining."
76561198039769194,Not Recommended,275850,25759591,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Feggito,"Possibly the biggest let down in gaming gaming history. Even worse than Brink.10/17/2016 Update: Still Sh*t. Wish I could downvote again.1/27/2017 Update: I keep this game in my library as a very painful reminder against pre-ordering over hyped games.3/10/2017 Update: They're working on it but all it's doing is making a turd smell slightly less like a turd.5/20/17 Update: What do you expect, still terrible."
76561198138247774,Not Recommended,275850,25759872,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Crunshii,Unfortunately the lack of promises from what was advertised to what I have played does not equal the experience. I am actually very sad to have been a early adopter. Wished I could get my money back.
,Not Recommended,275850,25761037,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Creepo,"its cool guys they just forgot to add the other half of the game, it will be coming soon"
,Not Recommended,275850,25761250,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,MLG DOLAN,DON'T BUY THIS GAME.
76561198031866291,Not Recommended,275850,25371562,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Erin320,Game looks good but the first 5 minutes of gameplay is what you can expect from the rest of the game. Repetition and redundancy is the name of the game.
,Not Recommended,275850,26535844,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Swelshy,"Upon playing this game I thought wow this looks amazing. but after few hours playing your realise how bad this game really is. The game is very repetitious mining resourses over and over, seeing the exact same alien over and over and even though the universe is generated and your told each planet is different... the differences are very small that upon visiting 10 planets  you have pretty much seen them all. As for the ships its pointless... every ship is identicle in specs apart from the cargo hold so same speed, same handling... yes you can upgrade weapons and what not but it dosent tell you how its upgraded or anything. hopefully they build upon this game so it becomes what they promised but at the moment I cant play this out of how bored I am of it"
,Not Recommended,275850,25201086,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Kai,"Kind of obvious if publishers like Sony, Microsoft, and even Valve, allowed the game to be release in this sorry state. This game is not labeled as Early Access, and is even 'implied' to be misleading or decieving.Not only does everyone deserve their refunds, but Hello Games deserves every lawsuit it got before release, and now more so."
,Not Recommended,275850,25410909,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Matykus,"Long time lurker, first time poster.Just another game sold on lies and misinformation.Adding Hello Games and anything made by Sean Murray and David Ream to my list of ""not buying games from you again"".Hit them where it hurts.In the wallet."
,Not Recommended,275850,24878619,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,WeaponZero,"The concept for this game is really cool but ultimately, the procedurally generating content and planets simply don't match up with the videos unless you get really lucky - after starting on a planet with 5 different types of lizards that were all more or less 90% the same with minor details switched out, I realized that the rest of the game would be like this as well. The problem is that there are no support systems in place for other gameplay. This is what the game is: Collect items, upgrade your ship, don't bother about combat and fly to another place and repeat. I would have expected a lot more based on the videos and hype. Sorry but this doesn't cut the mustard for 60 bucks."
,Not Recommended,275850,26482951,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Apo,Horrible. I don't understand how this was legal and mass refunding wasn't mandatory.
,Not Recommended,275850,26499951,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Endonesia,"Terrible, and steam wouldnt give me my money back."
76561197962656481,Not Recommended,275850,25276709,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Turk182,+ Beautiful universe with great music and sound.- AAA pricing for a pretty sandbox with not much to do.- Three ancient species in a 15 quintrillion planet universe.- Lack of variety in flora and fauna (all starts to look the same after a while)- Clumsy inventory system with limited space makes grinding even more difficult.- Buying a new starship means throwing away all the upgrades you had on the previous (grind some more fool!).- Sean Murray owes me a full game!
,Not Recommended,275850,25275985,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,madiechan,"I have had several issues with this game,I preordered it on the basis of the promises made by the developer, as well as screenshots and videos, none of which look like the game. I initially had difficulty getting this to run, and then it continued to crash.I have played it until it was patched, however this game still does not live up to my expectations."
76561198053084955,Not Recommended,275850,26233458,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,04jim,"Rubbish, lacks any real playabilaty..."
,Not Recommended,275850,26008048,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Doctor,"What the Awards section should say:- Steam's ""Snake Oil"" Award- Best Game Design to Circumvent Steam's Refund Policy- Best False Advertising- Most Deceptive Game Publisher----------Not recommended for purchase above the price of $9.99.I will never again preorder any game from any developer, not even indie developers. The whole gaming industry, journalists, developers, and publishers has (finally) lost my trust with how this game was put forward to the gamers."
,Recommended,275850,34251762,Posted: 15 August,all,Nilekaw,"A really quite charming game, greater than the sum of its parts. It doesn't have the nuance of control as Elite Dangerous for instance when flying, and there is a pervading sense of loneliness and isolation in the exploration in contrast to, say, Starbound. But the visuals are gorgeous. The game loops satisfying. The sense of exploration and adventure rewarding.It is not all games for all people. But if you want a sci fi exploration game that doesn't have you leaning into your monitor, that will not punish you for not logging in every day then I highly recommend it.Top Gek"
,Not Recommended,275850,25358903,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,SHORT necked Octopussy,"It is such a dissappointment to have waited for this game since it's first reveal in 2013... Hello games and Mr. Sean murray have just completely destroyed my excitement and hype. I felt so ripped off and just exausted at the amount of bulls*&^t that has come out of murray's mouth that i don't want to even get into.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.IT IS A LIE.THE CAKE IS A FU&^*ING LIE!!!!!You have no idea how horrible it felt to have to explain to my girlfriend why i wasn't excited on the 60 dollar purchace she GIFTED ME FOR THIS GAME. I HAD TO SIT THERE AND EXPLAIN HOW SHE HAD TO LISTEN TO ME TALK HER EAR OFF FOR ALMOST 3 YEARS ABOUT HOW AMAZING AND GROUND BREAKING THIS GAME WAS GOING TO BE, only to have wasted her time and money with this purchase.You should be ashamed of yourself murray. ASHAMED!!!!!I didnt even know you could get a refund. I sat here playing this stupid game trying to justify those 60 dollars untill i gave up."
,Not Recommended,275850,25455977,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Xyphir,The biggest regret in my life is buying this game.
,Not Recommended,275850,25215714,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,0ccasionaltroll,"Before release, No Mans Sky was said to have multiple features that it outright doesn't.From various interviews that I recall this game was said to have;Functioning multiplayer where people could interact with each other, or see each other- this was proven false by multiple streamers who tried to meet up and met nothing.It was stated that ships would have a variety of purposes/functions depending on their form and the race you purchased them from- this is blatantly false, and the only difference in ships is their inventory and design. They are all functionally the same.It was recently discovered that Player Discoveries- which are pretty much the only way players can even know anyone else exists, were wiped at the two week mark for one reason or another. In a game without even real multiplayer, this limits your interaction even more.We were promised, in some Dev Interview, that you could choose various warring factions, however this has been proven false. Pre-Release footage showed actual fleet to fleet combat that cannot be found in the released game.The Devs mentioned various, wildy varying planets, but in the release version the only functional difference between planets are their color palletes, the amount of water, flora, and fauna, and what resistance of yours the planet will drain. There are no desert planets, or impossibly huge ocean planets, or anything like that.Combat is lackluster, and excessively difficult. The player is given no mechanism to successfully flee if there is actually an enemy randomly targetting them, because the presence of an aggressive enemy disables your highest speeds, and anything below those leaves you vulnerable to damage. Not to mention that enemies often come in packs that will attack from all angles and quickly destroy you. There isn't even satisfaction in beating them, as you have to blow through large amounts of resources to stay alive through a fight.Literally everything you use in this game has some form of resource/fuel requirement that spirals into a never-ending cycle of constantly needing basic and complex resources in order to survive. Its understandable that this is a survival game, but in essence if you dont stop wherever you can to gather eight different materials in sufficient quantities, you risk being stranded somewhere without half those resources, effectively stranding you.There is no real 'victory' to this game. The stated goal is to reach the center of the universe, but when you do you're just backed out into the outskirts of a new universe. You never see whats there, theres no warning to this, you just select to jump in and the process immediately starts. Its highly unsatisfactory.All the creatures are based off a minimal number of template bodies, with parts slapped on in an attempt to look different. This means that effectively, once you've seen your first planet you've seen well over two thirds of the types of creatures out there, and whats left will be some variation of what you've seen.They made a big deal about learning the languages of alien races, and how this would help you in their dialogues, but the choices are so over simplified and the menus are so basic that this doesn't really matter. You can make your way through dialogue without spending time learning their language word by word.Overall, this game was highly unsatisfactory and I regret spending 27 hours of my time hoping that it would suddenly get better, instead of playing something worthwhile."
,Not Recommended,275850,25293635,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,[F-7] Mister Naga,"Where to start...Lack of features and the shallowness of the game ?Sean Murray saying ""This will be in"" and it is not ?Paid DLC 7 days after saying ""No Paid DLC"" ?Content cut to put into said DLC ?Oh, the 18 quintillion system is a lie. It's just 255 planets with slight variation, in 255 possible positions, and each 'layout' of such is considered unique.There is no class system, character or ship.AI interaction is beyond dumbed down, and without depth.Animals are sparse and lego-blocked by a 5 year old.Low-Res textures (Yes, the textures are actually 512x512 on maximum settings).You're limited to flight way off of the ground.In summary, it's not a No Man's Sky, its Sean Murray's Lie.I don't think Hello Games can do anything for me to buy another game from them, or Sean Murray... AKA The New Peter Molynux."
76561198009001475,Not Recommended,275850,25329556,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Esiasch418,"I actually hate that I like this game. I find myself nodding my head with every bad review I read but I keep playing. This game is basically a sensory deprivation chamber/hypnotism artifact with a generic ""space"" theme. It just so happens to be the case that I really enjoy space themed sensory deprivation. If that doesn't sound like your kind of thing, don't buy this game. If it does, wait until it goes down in price.We were sold a laundry list of lies and the fact that a game this shallow and flawed costs $60 is appalling. I couldn't recommend it to anyone. That being said, I'm going back to my tank..."
,Not Recommended,275850,25329632,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,James,"I've put a good 5 hours into this and just can't get into it, this is an indie game priced like a blockbusterCo-op, building, anything that can dramatically change the environment would improve this game"
,Not Recommended,275850,25293830,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Bjens,"In the end. Not worth it. It's just not fun, not immersive or at all the kind of ""roleplay"" or ""explore and make up your own path"" sort of game that I at least envisioned.It's all just a dull, linear stream of endless recolorizations of the same things, somewhat spiced up with a terrible UI and annoying resource focused sort of gameplay."
76561197962745927,Not Recommended,275850,25358845,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,C4Murder,"This game is subjectively fun for as long as it takes you to figure out that 3 planets and a space station or two in, you will not be seeing anything new. If you are like me, you will try to look past the endless grind and enjoy the exploration...and you will eventually give up after you've seen the same tree on every planet but it's ""new"" because your scanner tells you so. You may even go look at the ending like I did, and there you will find [SPOLIER] to your absolute horror that the grind is truely endless and you spent money on the video game equivalent of a hamster wheel [/spolier]."
76561197974060493,Not Recommended,275850,25319695,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,swe_Decay,No Man´s Game..
,Not Recommended,275850,25319397,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Phil,"Negative review for false and misleading advertising. Also steams refund policy on this one. It takes more than 2 hours to see just how much content is missing. After putting in too much time to get my refund, I decided to keep playing to see if the game was remotely good but overall I had a poor experience."
76561198095550347,Not Recommended,275850,25406227,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Chasea117,Nothing like they advertised and was just a complete pile of trash
76561198061570988,Not Recommended,275850,25963978,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Shade,"Im writing this after giving this game as much as i could bare (over 40 hours)This is a glorious Scenery creatorthere is no story , no reason to do anythingNPCs are basically not relevantThe UI is horrible , trying to reload weapons in the middle of battle is almost impossibleand after the 40th or 50th planet you found you just want it to be over, just get to the damn centerwhich leads me to the worst part of the gameONCE YOU REACH THE CENTER YOU JUST START OVER IN ANOTHER GALAXY - OVER AND OVER AND OVER AGAIN - THERE IS NO MEANINGthis feels like a horrible torture software instead of a gameAnd at 60$ ?DONT BUY IT(at best i would pay 10$ for this game)"
76561198138295259,Not Recommended,275850,25298866,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Northwatch,"watch a review on the internet, i'm too emotional to explain the dissapointment."
,Not Recommended,275850,25298696,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Doobie Wan Kanobie,"Don't buy this. Just do not buy this game. They're a bunch of crooks who made a♥♥♥♥♥♥game and made it way overpriced, while making as many empty promises as possible. Do not buy this game."
,Not Recommended,275850,25298694,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,FRM,"This game is absolute garbage, it's boring, the exploration gets uneventfull and stale, combat is laughable the graphics look aged, the UI is not pc optimized and clunky, there are blatant performance issues and the developers are secretive and act misledingly.0/10"
76561198014449309,Not Recommended,275850,25406383,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Hravik,"Avoid this game.  So much of what was promised is just not here.  And what is there gets really boring, repetative, and pointless really, really quickly."
76561198006876671,Not Recommended,275850,25764367,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,garsands,No Man's Sky is being investigated by the UK's Advertising Standards Authority.
,Not Recommended,275850,24875861,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Dom,"Great walking simulator. What a step backwards in the genre. The only thing that No Man's Sky does really well is give you a bit of a feeling of wonder as you mindlessly collect materials, either transfer them to your ship or sell them, maybe upgrade or craft a few things and do it again. Even in areas where you would expect to see life, like busy space stations, they are still lifeless and extremely dull. Multiplayer or not, at least add some more NPCs to places that are going to be busy like stations and outposts to show SOME life besides the one occassional alien who is also completely isolated at a trading post. There's really no excuse for 20 ships to enter a station with several ships also circling around it and the player doesn't see anyone ever come out of a ship or the ship even do anything upon landing. There are overall better games than No Man's Sky in the same genre with and without the sci-fi aspect. Subnautica, GRAV, The Long Dark, Starbound and Elite Dangerous to name a few and even Firewatch comes off as a more interesting walking simulator. Overhyped to♥♥♥♥♥♥with dull gameplay. Maybe buy it when it's on sale if you're still really curious but you aren't missing much."
,Not Recommended,275850,25739982,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Lignum,"I recommend this either when a LOT more content has been released, or when it's like... $20? How about when there's more to do -and- it's $20. Otherwise I'd go with $15.Everything just feels like a chore more than like you're actually working towards something better so the crafting and survival are meh. Buying a better ship basically just feels like you're trying to get more space to hold the junk you pick up so you can mush it together into other ""better"" stuff."
,Not Recommended,275850,25333750,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,[Ž3RG] Le_Mocha,"Let me tell you one thing. Lies. Thats all. I like the game for what it is right now, with the light trading and the exploration. The bugs are there and sometimes are very bad. But I really am not into it right now due to the lack of things to do. We were promised the mega space battles and the three species variants, and we didn't. That is all."
,Not Recommended,275850,25308920,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,TheCakey,Dissapointed....
76561198041892502,Not Recommended,275850,26129853,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Harrycrapper420,I think we all know why this review is negative. What prompted me to do it was the fact I saw the game at walmart for 40$ not 2 months after I paid 60$. ♥♥♥♥ you Hello Games/Sony
76561198136953874,Not Recommended,275850,26055133,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,GhostSquadAce,kill me now for wasting $60 on this
76561198001525440,Not Recommended,275850,25890645,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Nathan Robinson,"I'm really wanting to enjoy it but it's not possible. It is extremely repetitive. The first few hours of wonder quickly wear thin. The sad thing is that I pre purchased this and then got a refund in the weeks leading up to release. This was because of the 2 month delay and all internet rumblings about how it wasn't going to be as good as advertised. When release day came though, I just couldnt handle it anymore and threw down the money again. What an idiot I am. This game isn't even close to what I had hoped it would be. I need to learn to be less impulsive and wait for a few weeks before buying an unknown title again. After 12 hours, I would say it's worth 15 bucks at least. I will never trust a Hello Games title again. Really disappointed. 1/10"
76561198147818353,Not Recommended,275850,26436686,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Toad,"So now that its been months and nothing has been fixed, can I finally have my money back? I haven't played since the 3rd day of release and do not intend to play again. It isnt even downloaded on my pc... Give me my hard earned money back so I can give it to hard working devs. Please.-Chris"
76561198292198803,Not Recommended,275850,25780214,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,conan,rubbish!!
,Not Recommended,275850,25811038,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,someguy,"Not a bad game, but certanly not worth the money"
76561198130730171,Not Recommended,275850,26527161,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,DenDen,MAKE IT CHEAPER
,Not Recommended,275850,26457604,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Oathbreaker,"5 hours later, I was still wondering what the point of the game was."
,Not Recommended,275850,26206581,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,AnvylAudio,"I, unlike most people, actually enjoy the expereince of this game. The amount of unique things to expereince is highly limited however. In the 2ish hours that I have logged in this game, over an hour of it was spent trying to get it to actually work well on my PC, which is far better specced than the reccomended. In the other hour I actually played the game, I expereinced about everything that one could. I know this because after returning the game, I bought it again on my PS4 as a good friend of mine told me it performed well at least on the system. I enjoyed the game well enough in the hour that I had really played the game that I figured it was worth it. He was right, it performed much better, but after another hour of playing, I had accomplished pretty much the same amount that I had on my PC, and had nothing to do. I tried exploring new planets, but they were all pretty much the same, just with a different color scheme and most of them were already discovered. I tried making it a goal to learn a language, but it didn't help any as I never had issues trading with the other species in the game. I tried making a ton of money, which took me about 30 minutes to get to the point where I had enough money to buy the best ship I could find and still have enough money left over to buy 2 more. I tried hunting pirates, but because it only took me 30 minutes to get the best ship in the game, it was a breeze.So to sum up. The absolute base idea of the game is brilliant and highly enjoyable. However, once you understand the base system, you are pretty much done with the game. If you get this game, you'll probably enjoy it for an hour, 2 at most, and that's because this isn't really a game.It's a survival game that has no survival aspects.It's a crafting game that allows you to do everything without ever crafting.It's a shooting game that you don't ever have to shoot in.It's an exploration game with nothing to explore.It's an economy game with it's primary source of income as powerful as a cheat code.It's an adventure game with no goal.It's a game with no purpose."
,Not Recommended,275850,25780641,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,OctoDuck90,repetive as hell. and really bad frame rate on low settings. just aweful
76561198279945712,Not Recommended,275850,26161634,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,CommieNoodle,"Just horrible, bad graphics, repetitive and NO MULTIPLAYER disappointing NEVER BUY THIS GAME AT ANY COST, ITS THE MOST♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME NEVER NEVER NEVER NEVER BUYp.s this game is aids"
76561197984799243,Not Recommended,275850,26314658,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Vallochar,The biggest scam in years.Missing features and bugs abound.Save your money.
,Not Recommended,275850,26526966,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,GenderIsForAutisticPeople,No NONONONONONONONONO
,Not Recommended,275850,25603676,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Atifex the Beardbarian,Bought this for my wife. Most disappointing experience both of us have ever had with a game.
,Not Recommended,275850,25472660,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Father Ariandel,"I liked the idea of being able to explore an almost infinite univeres full of differing planets. Instead I found a game with mostly repetitive moons and planets and mechanics that shows this game isn't worth $60, but more around $15"
,Not Recommended,275850,25487694,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,D-A,"Overpriced, incomplete, boring repetitive game.Modders better at improving the game than the developpers.I am filled with buyers remorse... would not recommend."
76561198056417754,Not Recommended,275850,26254203,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,spacemandan,False advertising.
76561198075763296,Not Recommended,275850,25502603,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,zexion03,"The other reviews explain it so well, and the disclaimer about refunds on the game page tells you all that ya need to know: don't buy No Man's Sky."
,Not Recommended,275850,25022289,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,The Crusher862,"There has not been a bigger disappointment in my entire life-planets are all the same, save for the specific colours, plants and animalsall planets have ome form of life, even if they are identified as inhospitable, or have temperatures below those of mars at night in winter.-the only time a planet has something interesting is when there is something not procedurally generated.-the game is horribly laggy, despite my PC being above the min specs and on the lowest possible settings-interactions with aliens are dull and repetitive, and you have to guess what option to pick if you haven't been to 100 ""knowledge stones"" and learned words of each alien language, and then you'll understand maybe one in 20 words of the single sentence interactions-there are certain plants that are always identical and almost on every planet: they give you things like platinum, and one uncoils and attacks you, but all the other plants are just slightly varied from the last planet you were on.-none of the planets are unexplored: all of them have dozens of bases and most of them have life, plants and ""animals""-you can't crash your ship. landing is automated, altitude is automated, you can't look at the ground to land where you want to.-the ""animals"" walk around very boringly. they don't seem aware of their surroundings and i never saw any tightly grouped herds running from predators like in the trailer.-got into space, tried to look for a barren planet: the closest thing to a barren planet was a red planet with a green sky that had the odd patch of grass and some generic rodent like creature that had no reaction to falling off a cliff or walking into a spaceship that just landed. it also passed straight through the character.- when you talk to NPCs, you sort of float to a specific side of them, and they look in your direction as though the character actually moved around to the other side, despite the view moving pack to your current position after.-animals, as previously mentiond, are basically walking decorations with no awareness of surroundings, obstacles and other creatures except the player.-after flying around for a while, i got to a story element. the ""atlas"" appeared, siad some vague things about my destingy being in the beyond, and gave me a path to an identical atlas that said the same thing and gave me yet another path.-this was all with random slowing down of motion and low fps, as well as stutters.there's a phrase ""wide as a mile, shallow as a puddle""well no man's sky is as wide as the universe, shallow as an upside down thumbtacki would strongly reccomend the ""report"" button for this being a broken, terrible, falsely advertised game"
,Not Recommended,275850,26083657,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Painiss Cupcake,"This game really needs more, the technology is impressive but it is an empty shell of a game.  I'm still confused on why it is 60 dollars."
,Not Recommended,275850,26329678,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Toecutter,"Advice, Hello Games use this money to apply yoursefl. )':Fiquei empolgado, joguei horas de distração boas pois era td novo no primeiro sistema solar. Mas ao passar pra outros sistemas a decepção da repetição e de horas para fazer algum progresso para nada de especial acontecer. História pobre.O ""multiplayer"" de nomar planetas e serem reencontrados por outro players nunca vi em 42horas de jogo e em 3 sistemas solares explorados.Hello Games faça bom proveito desse dinheiro pra melhorar a si própria."
76561198023686833,Not Recommended,275850,26737706,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Mikey29979,It's Trrrassshhh. and it still sucks
,Not Recommended,275850,26587390,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,[MKN] rUzSiAnJeSuZ,http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=772554877Enough said.
,Not Recommended,275850,25091928,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Johnny Alfredo,I made two mistakes with this game. The first was that I did actually buy it. The second mistake was playing it for 7.5 hours trying to make myself like it. Now I can't get a refund from Steam for this game. The trailers and pics don't match the gameplay. You fly so you can mine. You mine so you can fly. That's all it is...
,Not Recommended,275850,25650735,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,flyingmanticore,I pre-ordered this then had second thoughts and then pre-ordered again. Wish I stuck to my guns first time around.No man's sky = minecraft-fun+prettier graphics+spaceI want to enjoy this game but just can't get myself into it as the grind to get to a place where you feel you might actually achieve something is awful.If you want space exploration buy Elite Dangerous + Horizons pass.If you want resource collection buy Minecraft.Just don't buy this.I wish I could get a refund but I was willing to give the game a chance and lost £40 for my efforts. This is a game that will stay in my steam library gathering dust and no love.
76561198022271923,Not Recommended,275850,25772938,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Kohina,Shallow and reeks of lies and missed opportunities.
,Not Recommended,275850,26083615,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Mediocre At Best,Where's the game?
,Not Recommended,275850,25417835,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Xarale,"If there's one thing No Man's Sky has taught me, it's to never blindly pre-order a game ever again.Whilst NMS isn't the worst game out there, it's also far from the best.  Many of the advertised features were not present in the game, and Hello Games has not made any indication that they'll be added someday in the future.I'll admit, the first few hours of this game felt great.  I'd always wanted to play a space exploration game where I could just travel to different planets, so naturally I was really excited when I travelled to the first couple of planets.  After travelling to several planets, I began to realise that each planet basically felt the same.  They'd have the same structures, the same 2-3 types of alien just standing inside these structures, the same plutonium crystals everywhere, and similar looking plants/rocks.  Some have unique wildlife, but they don't really do much other than run around aimlessly.  You can't build any of your own structures, so really aside from just flying over the surface of a planet and collecting the same resources over and over (which by the way, you'll need to do often to refill your life support), speaking to the same couple of aliens that you won't be able to understand, and scanning some meaningless wildlife, there's not a whole lot to do.One of the more frustrating parts of the game come in the form of sentinels.  They're flying little drones that seem to be present on every single planet, and they get real♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥when you start harvesting resources, or do anything that may be deemed fun.  You'll also often get jumped by pirates when flying through space, and will be forced to fight them with the game's terrible combat system.  Doesn't matter if you're flying to a planet using your pulse drive, you'll immediately get stopped and forced to fight whether you like it or not.  Oh, and don't get me started on the inventory space, or rather the lack of.  For a game that emphasises resource gathering, you don't get a lot of space to hold said resources when you start the game.  Sure you can find upgrades as you play through the game, but still.. a bit more inventory space at the start would be nice.Overall, this is just another overly hyped game that failed to deliver.  If you want a game where you fly from planet to planet doing nothing at all, then maybe you'll enjoy this one, although I'd wait until it goes on sale because it is definitely not worth the $60 price tag as of right now.  I'd like to see Hello Games actually update and improve NMS by say.. adding some of the originally promised features, but given their shady tactics so far, it wouldn't surprise me if they just abandoned the game and ran away with the money."
,Not Recommended,275850,26176866,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Soulie,"The videos and screenshots on this store page do not represent what the game actually contains.  These are preset demo shots and not procedurely generated.  If you're expecting a game just like what you see advertised, you'll be sorely disappointed. After you've played about 2 hours, you'll realize you're doing the same things over and over and this game has nothing new to offer.  Too bad by then, you wont be able to get a refund.  Don't buy this game.  Not worth $60."
76561198031611437,Not Recommended,275850,26225674,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Rezidue,"As my first review ever, I really had hope for NMS.  I even took a day off work for it!  I waited, hoping it would get better but it never did.  I know it sounds crazy but you can't even crash your own ship, where is the sense of control?  The resource mining is frustrating (while normally expected) at best.  You can miss the planets you need the resources for,  or hardly ever find them.  The ships don't matter, it's the space they provide that does.  And even then they are mostly ugly and all handle the same.  I had high hopes, as we all do for games we want to succeed.  But between the failed promises and the gameplay, this is a complete bust.  If you want control play Star Citizen, if you want exploration play Elite Dangerous."
,Not Recommended,275850,25242587,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,JDarrow,"I was a fool. I partially bought into the trailers, the TV ads, the interviews. I had assumed the things we saw as features and assets in the trailers would be indicative of what would be in the game at launch. This couldn't have been more wrong.No Man's Sky advertises features that do not exist in the game, stringing you along in the hopes that the things you saw in pre-release footage is just a few jumps away. In reality, they are not in the game at all.After your third system jump, you'll have basically seen the entire selection of planetary biomes, lifeform, and features the game has to offer. It is shallow, extremely repetitious, and keeps making you think that the game opens up after just a bit more. The truth is, however, that what you see in the first 30 minutes is what you get for the entire game. I only wish I had truly learned this point before my refund time expired.If you buy this game, do so after reading as many first-hand accounts as you can, keep in mind that your first 30 minutes are the same as the next 30 hours, and watch your play-time. While some people might be saying they've gone passed the standard refund rules and been refunded, I and a few people I know were not so lucky.If you're set on buying No Man's Sky, I honestly hope you do enjoy it. For me and others I know, this was not the game we were advertised. We only wish we had found that out sooner."
76561198043270509,Not Recommended,275850,25628331,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Golden Tico,"i gave the game a chance, but it was just way to boring. this game Sucks!!!"
76561198027062314,Not Recommended,275850,25276733,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Breakingbrian,Terrible
76561198067025074,Not Recommended,275850,25276701,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,gjcbs,"Do not buy, at least not for anything near $60.  Great $10-20 game, but the cloak and dagger crap pulled by Hello Games about multiplayer, co-op, and the ultimate variety of things to do in game were a sham.  This game is amazing as a $10-20 play alone, kind see neat planets and animals adventure.  But you will never have great combat, in space or on the ground.  You will likely never see another player actually in game, ever, and you will find the tasks very, very repititive.The visuals are very impressive, the views and such lived up to the hype.  But the senseless, 20 second process to get clues, the 20 seconds of gibberish before you can essentially interface with any AI character or interface is maddening.I am not a Sean Murray hater, nor will I defend them for essentially selling us a livable, move-in ready house, only failing to mention there are no appliances, no furniture, no fixtures, but the pipes are there.  But shame on us too, buyer beware.Never again gonna be a day one buyer.  Not unless there has been some serious vetting of the game in beta and by reviewers the world over.Shame on Steam and Sony for going along with it.  We will not forgive, but more importantly, we will not forget."
76561198097789255,Not Recommended,275850,25204232,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,SAVE ME TRUENO COROLLA,"Hello Games, Sean Murrey and everyone else who worked on this game just simply lied to us. 10 hours into the game, but it is as empty as the title says it. No man's sky's more like One Man's Lie. Don't buy this game. Don't."
